@_author: 02549644th3
@_date: 2015-05-28 17:40:55
sybil attack is very worthwhile but only to the extent you can fool counterparty thin client to directly send to a fraudulent address. this is not how distributed exchange works, however. you want to trade assets on counterparty the protocol knows bitcoin address A has $ASSET balance of X. You can submit any tx you want, fraudulent or no, but if fraudulent the protocol has no way of matching orders because fraudulent balances cannot be debited.
in the worst case of sybil, thin client erroneously believes you have XCP or $ASSET balance tha isn't there. what can you do with that? answer: convince someone OTC to send you BTC because you have $ASSET in reserve. whole point of counterparty is to avoid need for kamikaze OTC trading, "here i have 100 $ASSET you send BTC first" is obsoleted by DEx.
versum was designed for namecoin. Counterparty is to large extent a key-value DB moreso than a payment system, so it is closer match to namecoin than bitcoin. only a payment system insofar as its used for coupon redemption, very low value txs.
biggest practical risk with versum is fraudulent address alias lookups, as suggested before my posts were deleted by reddit unbeknownst to me.
DOS electrum servers and electrum users cannot access funds without running their own server. DOS blockchain explorer and users of that explorer can't check balances without running their own, or finding different one etc.


same risk of DOS inconvenience disruption of service exists with electrum servers. electrum servers can refuse to relay your signed tx. nothing you can do besides retry on diff server. DOS is an inconvenience not world ending. counterparty tx are equivalent to bitcoin signed tx, you can submit to blockchain.info/pushtx if it comes down to, or relay through electrum etc. only necessary to poll counterparty server to pre-validate that yes, i have $ASSET on address. but just because sybil fraudulently allows for signing the tx does not mean full nodes will be able to debit nonexistent asset. you can submit anything you want in OP_RETURN, doesn't mean it will do anything unless you are holding private key associated with public bitcoin address which Counterparty parser determines to have X $ASSET balance of for proper debits.


impossible because full nodes reject as invalid formatted since fraudulent address does not contain XCP needed for debits
BTCpay isn't perfect. best method for BTC trading on DEx has been suggested by - timed auction format with results settled intermittently. BTCpay not so good with DEx as is, too unwieldly although can be done with CLI