@_author: 098765432112
@_date: 2017-12-24 17:55:13
That's not what I said, but from the alternate reality you live in, where you think you can twist words and misquote someone, you are clearly a liberal who doesn't think anyone is responsible for their own actions. You completely confabulated that quote with your imagination, and do not understand the principles of having an educated well informed populace. How did the FDIC do with all those sub prime mortgages. Your savior Obama bailed the banks out while all those people lost their life savings of assets in their homes... while they got foreclosed on and the banks kept the money and then resold the homes. Yeah, that worked out really well. The people should have kept their homes, bail out the people, let the banks fail. Liberals think government is corrupt, but their solution to everything is more government instead of smarter more informed citizens. It's like people who shop at Walmart that complain about substandard products... Walmart isn't even cheaper after a year or two in any location they raise their prices up to normal levels. But, people are too stupid to understand they are only screwing themselves over by shopping there.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:53:41
It was down for 15 minutes during the influx of recent idiots that were all panic selling because they've never seen a dip before. That's just a scaling problem that they solved pretty quick, so I don't see what the big deal is. The service they provide is much better than any other site for cashing out directly to your bank account. I don't even know of any other sites that will allow you to cash out directly into your account. Does Gemini let you? Where are you cashing out at if not coinbase?
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:48:37
Currencies are traded on stock exchanges as well. When trading halts good luck getting anyone to even attempt to exchange a large transaction. Mayyyyybe one of those shady check cashing places, and for small amounts... but if trading halts, it's unlikely. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:07:45
Are you making more than 12-27% in crypto? And how large is your debt? If you put 100 dollars into crypto and make 100% gains... so you make 100 dollars... you are unlikely to pull it out and eventually might lose it. If you have low debt, like 1k in debt and have a low credit card APR of 10% making your minimum payment, you will break even on 100% gains. So it really just depends.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:51:24
And people would then be forced to become more educated about the services they are using and the sources they are getting information from. Making mistakes is how you learn in life. That's the problem with millennials, their parents were all either one extreme or the other... total hippie dippie parents that encourage all behaviors good or bad and give you participation trophies and tell you it doesn't matter whether you win or lose.... or helicopter parents that never let their kids make mistakes or do anything for themselves so they never learn from mistakes because they were never allowed to make them. Now you have a generation of kids who don't know how to do anything for themselves and just assume everything will always just work out.
@_date: 2017-12-25 20:22:43
Pretty contradictory of your last statement. You think Crypto investors who are participating in a market that is designed for privacy from government and a volatile and risky investment due to the secrecy of who holds what in which currency should have their investments protected by the very government they are trying to evade... yet the sound investments that bring in property taxes like land and home ownership should not have their assets protected? Not even the equity? Not even when the bankers were creating a scam? You think the people creating the scam should be bailed out, instead of the victims? Are you just trolling or are you like 16?
@_date: 2018-05-07 22:05:39
It's tied to your phone number, so it is sending it through that phone number to the app, so if you get a new phone, you simply download it on the new phone, open it and you are good to go. Just make sure your old phone is disconnected, and I recommend keeping it password protected if you are prone to losing your phone.
source: Just did this a month ago.