@_author: 0biw4n
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:50:40
With all due respect, Bitcoin is the least forgiving monetary system in human history. A global, permanent, internet ledger is even less forgiving to mistakes than the modern banking system. This tends to be cause for concern in a global surveillance state. Worse, that surveillance is only going to get more pervasive, intelligent and absolute over time. If you wish to play games, you'll have zero room for error now and for the rest of your life.
You sound like you may be willing to go to jail to uphold your principles, in which case from the bottom of my heart I wish you luck and success.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:16:12


Not just "feasible". It's being done, like clockwork, today. Nothing is going to change that. In fact, it will only get worse over time.


Panopticon: The feeling that you and your family are being watched 24/7. Electronic cash brings that feeling to money. Security and anonymity are irrelevant.
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:43:11
I hand you a five dollar bill in person. Where is the transaction recorded?
I don't take out a cell phone, or computer in front of you to hand you $5. There is no electronic record. There are no electronics involved at all!
With Bitcoin there is always an electronic footprint. It doesn't matter what type of transaction you perform or how anonymous your bitcoins are. Every smartphone's base band contains a microchip with its own battery supply that can be independently powered on and make network connections without the rest of the phone on and without your ever knowing about it.
Everything you do on your phone or computer can be screencapped and sent to the spy agencies if you've been pwned.
Also, it doesn't matter if you mix your coins, because you will be guilty of tax evasion and money laundering in most nations if you don't report capital gains on ALL of your bitcoin transactions, which means you must keep receipts of literally all transactions you make. Look at what happened to Jason King of Sean's Outpost. People are calling for his head because he didn't do this. Isn't that a dystopia?
If Satoshi worked for a spy agency, it's within the realm of possibilities that the global spy cartel owns 5-10% of the next generation global currency, which gives them the opportunity to enslave the entire human race. And the fact that cybercriminals will use Bitcoin anonymously gives them political cover to exert total control over the internet - register your biometric ID before you can sign into wifi because think of the children.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:52:50
I was speaking about sidechains being controllable by the State, this is due to the nature of merge mining. The main chain isn't merge mined.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:05:05
A software solution doesn't solve the problem of black box hardware plus a global passive adversary and incompetent people who don't know how to use the software in the first place. In a panopticon, everyone is being watched all the time. Freedom to transact suffers.
@_date: 2014-11-22 23:03:59
The NSA would want it that way, because most people using Bitcoin would have no clue how to protect themselves from surveillance. They may know about mixers, but wouldn't care enough to break the law. The BitLicense makes Bitcoin mixing services illegal.
This all means cybercriminals will use Bitcoin anonymously, but isn't that exactly the type of enemy the NSA wants to breed in the modern age? A war on cybercrime gives them political cover for exerting total control over the Internet.
And even if you anonymize your Bitcoins, every smartphone on the planet is backdoored at the baseband level. There is literally a microchip on your phone that has its own battery and can make network connections without you powering the rest of the phone on. For the developing world, getting into Bitcoin is essentially turning over your ability to conduct commerce carte blanche to global spy agencies that control the base band. Desktop Bitcoin use will never catch on, and most people use Windows anyway.
The military industrial complex loses everything if it can't mint its own money. Unless of course, it mined 5% of the global money supply in secret, at a bare minimum.
@_date: 2014-12-06 14:59:15
Airplane mode is a leap of faith. You're pressing a GUI button on a software abstraction layer. This does nothing against a black box baseband microchip with its own power supply. Airplane mode is a probable *assurance*, nothing more, nothing less.
@_date: 2014-12-29 05:31:20
You don't have to prove receipts unless you're audited. For the last time. Under an audit, your tax returns are presumed to be false or incomplete, and you are guilty until proven innocent.
Depending on the severity of your accused transgressions, the IRS can levy your bank account, revoke your driver's license, impound your car, seize your property, and can even conduct what's called an **Economic Reality Audit** where they invade your home and take notes on how you live day to day.
Yes, they can "legally require" you to disclose your transaction details by extorting the fucking shit out of you. That's what they do!
You people downvoting: does the truth hurt? What's wrong, did someone tell you Bitcoin was about freedom and the more you learn about it the more you find that was just a load of bullshit? Does downvoting me make you feel better about shilling for a global cashless society?
Software, any software, or hardware designed to protect your financial privacy with electronic cash is completely and utterly fucking futile in the world that we live in. Sure, if you only need to hide your transactions from your friends and neighbors, maybe Bitcoin is ok, but only as a child's toy. Stealth addresses, mixing, ring signatures, zero cash, all that shit does NOTHING to prevent mass oppression and totalitarianism in the surveillance state we live in. I've repeatedly stated this is because the IRS can always audit you to make you cough up the receipts, and if not, the NSA can just pwn your hardware or use their global passive internet taps to uncover your financial activity. That's what a global cashless society leads to. A global cashless society is what you're shilling for, like it or not. Don't you ever fucking pretend like you're about spreading a currency of "Freedom".
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:55:27
If the NSA invented Bitcoin in 2008, game theory states they have to launch it first before the KGB does the same in Russia. First global currency gets the network effect. They knew if it was going to happen, they wanted 5-10% of the total monetary supply forever. If it didn't work, they would lose nothing. And if it did work... there would be no end to the deep state, for all of time.
Contrary to popular belief, the cost of running a global surveillance state is awfully low. Everything is automated and Moore's Law is such that the costs will decrease over time. Bitcoin standard or USD standard, makes no difference to the NSA. If the NSA owns Bitcoin they could very easily own 5-10% of the total global monetary supply which is more than enough to conduct black ops from behind massive computer networks. And they benefit from every monetary transaction being recorded in a public electronic ledger. Cashless society.
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:00:17
Let me start by saying, I like the idea behind the two way peg, but **I would be much more comfortable with sidechains if the founders of Blockstream did NOT have commit access upstream**. Let me tell you why.
The incentive structure they are introducing to Bitcoin is unprecedented and ultimately I do NOT trust any private company, Blockstream included, to have my best interests in mind when the government comes knocking. So my primary concern with sidechains has to do with trust.
Going back to the reason for creating sidechains: that the main Bitcoin protocol is hard to change. What assurance do we have that, if a sidechain is successful, its innovations will be introduced back to the main chain? The incentives of Blockstream are perversely aligned to **prevent** innovations on sidechains from flowing back into the main chain. Or, since the Blockstream founders have upstream commit access, instead of preventing those innovations from coming back, they can pressure the innovations to come back in handicapped forms. They have very strong VETO powers upstream.
Now, you might point out the founders of Blockstream probably own 10,000 BTC a piece so what incentive would they have to destroy Bitcoin's value. But it isn't that simple. For example, you could argue Bitcoin could go to $10,000 per coin while at the same time blacklisting any transactions that are deemed politically unpalatable. And what if that's actually true? Are you willing to censor your fellow man to make yourself rich? Many, and dare I say MOST people **ARE** in fact willing to fuck over their fellow man on the way to riches. When money is involved, you can't trust anyone to act altruistically. **Bitcoin was designed to preclude the need for altruism to come to concensus, yet we have a private company with upstream commit access to Bitcoin Core**. Think about it.
The majority of programmers I've encountered are Statists, this is even more true in the Silicon Valley startup scene. If the State ever bears down on Blockstream, you'd have to wonder whose side these Bitcoin Core developers with a **dual allegiance to Blockstream** will take. Care for a glimpse of that? Look at the pitiful way they treated Jon Matonis when he was first vying to represent Bitcoin to the press at Bitcoin.org. Look at the first two responses by Luke-Jr and Greg Maxwell respectively:








You will surely find the entire thread revealing. Go read it now and then tell me if you trust Greg Maxwell and Luke-Jr to stand up for your rights when they're pressured by the establishment. What reason do you have to trust these people beyond their coding skills? Yet these people have a clear conflict of interest in that they have a **dual allegiance** to a private company and to Bitcoin Core development, which they can VETO or steer in any direction at their whim.
Remember, it was recently revealed the NSA will have a $1,000,000,000 annual budget for corrupting open source software in 2016. There is by all accounts NO ROOM for a private company to be steering the development of Bitcoin. It's just plain dangerous.
In a world where large mining facilities must be trusted to point their hashing power at merge mined chains for them to be secure, if any sidechain were to grow in popularity, and a government didn't like it, the government could raid that large facility and force them to stop mining the side chain. Without the large mining facilities, the sidechain would be insecure, and the two-way pegged funds would be at risk of being stolen. The government could leverage its threats to manipulate sidechains in more sinister ways, like forcing the makers of a popular sidechain to implement user tracking features.
If Blockstream devs VETO popular innovation on sidechains from making it back into Bitcoin Core, then they prevent those innovations from making it back into Bitcoin Core, **which actually helps their business model**. That would force people onto sidechains which would be easily controlled by governments. Governments would love sidechains because it effectively gives them total control over the outcome of all Bitcoin innovation.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:47:30
1. JavaScript cryptography is [a cataclysmic disaster for Bitcoin wallets]( It's just a bad idea.
2. There is not a single open source Bitcoin wallet worth its salt with any semblance of a profitable business model, so I don't know what you're talking about re: competitors. Every attempt at an open source business model aside from crowdfunding efforts has failed spectacularly. But Blockchain.info shows sponsored advertisements, hawks affiliate links and runs a compromised mixing service for profit. They have also raised $30M in venture capital and as such it is completely within their abilities to deliver a quality piece of software. So far they have not done so.
3. Lacking the analytics data, it's impossible for anyone to say what difference it makes to have your wallet listed on bitcoin.org, so I don't get the hate in the slightest. I've never even visited bitcoin.org before to choose a wallet, so I don't know what you're fussing over. My take is BC.i is mad they're being called out by everyone. Not that it matters to their users, but hopefully these actions will make more wake up and smell the roses.
4. Do we know if Blockchain.info has been subpoenad by a spy agency? If not, there is no reason to trust BC.i in the slightest. They are a highly centralized service and if we are to take their word at face value they need to first provide *exponentially* higher assurances to the open source community. Their backend systems should be open sourced at a minimum. If I could run my own BC.i onion site like I can run my own Electrum server, everything would be different.
@_date: 2014-12-11 02:54:25
How are the Merbinne trees summed? How would thin clients verify the checkpoints?
@_date: 2014-12-06 21:33:47


Yes. Really.
Bitcoin web wallets are a categorically horrible concept and I would be in full support of delisting all of them, or failing that, labeling them no better than swiss cheese.
However, using JS does not automatically infer you are a Web wallet. [JavaScript cryptography is a bad idea]( but it is nuanced in the sense that if you download a software application written in JavaScript to your local computer, that is vastly different than making a web request to a remote server which only then delivers the JS code to your browser session.
PopcornTime is a movie torrent client written in JavaScript, but you wouldn't ever know it. That's because you download PopcornTime to your local computer like you do any other desktop application. You don't re-download PopcornTime from the open unsecured Internet every time you change the page view or take an action, which is what happens continuously on websites like Blockchain.info.
DarkWallet is not a website. You can download DW in full, and run it as a Chrome extension, and later as a desktop application. JavaScript cryptography still sucks, but DW has a substantially different attack surface than a website. It isn't one.
You bring up Coinbase and Bitstamp for ... reasons? Pardon, but I thought it would go without saying, especially to a purported CEO, that an exchange service is fundamentally a proprietary one. They are obviously not open source and can't be. They are banks. Bank of America is NOT open source no matter how active their GitHub page is, understand?
GreenAddress is a multisig vault. I don't know much about their services or Hive's. AFAICT GA generates one of the two private keys for your multsig vault on their server, and uses NLockTime to ensure you can get your money back if they disappear. All in all, this is the only semi-secure paradigm for Bitcoin web wallets in existence, assuming you can use 2FA to verify withdrawal requests.
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:36:34
Very interesting post. It leaves me wondering what we can do to raise awareness of these incentive issues with Blockstream and sidechains.
Bitcoin is quite clearly on the NSA's radar and they'll soon have a $1,000,000,000 annual budget to corrupt it and other software.
**How can we keep perversely incented corporate interests out of Bitcoin Core**? Let's do something about this.
@_date: 2014-12-24 09:06:01
... proving my point that nobody actually cares if Bitcoin is the oft talked about one world currency, so long as they're rich in a dystopia they will shill for global enslavement. It truly is hopeless.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:29:56
If they're making Bitcoin easier to use, you ever think it could be because they want the world to be using Bitcoin?
Bitcoin doesn't end the State, neither does it end banking. If you disagree with this, then hello. And welcome to electronic cash. Here's Exhibit A:


















You think Bitcoin is about freedom? You're only right in the sense that it gives you a deflationary money, a money which can potentially make you rich. Don't ever forget you are shilling for a global cashless society. A society where everything you do is monitored. Where an eleven year old kid can't even buy a fucking candy bar without revealing it to a spy agency.
"Under what circumstances did you decide to make that donation to $X?"
"What instigated that transaction?"
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:57:28
There is no difference between converting BTC to GBP and BTC to ice cream. You are realizing gains at the point BTC is exchanged for literally ANYTHING of value.
You are guilty until proven innocent. Fear tactics produce results that is a fact.


That isn't what I said. You buy ice cream with BTC without reporting capital gains or losses on the transaction and you have now committed the crime of tax evasion. If you use your ill-gotten gains in future transactions that is the very definition of money laundering.
People new to Bitcoin have no idea what they are gettig themselves into. Most have never done Bitcoin accounting. It is a dystopian nightmare and that is the FACT.
@_date: 2014-12-15 00:22:28
Transaction fees increase as Bitcoin adoption spreads. As transaction fees increase, "low value" transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain become increasingly cost prohibitive.
As Bitcoin scales, mining facilities will only get bigger and more centralized. Since sidechains need these facilities to actively mine them for security's sake, we could end up with a system where the State controls Bitcoin innovation by way of controlling the mining facilities, who in turn decide which sidechains people can and cannot safely use.
As more people are led to believe sidechains are a perfectly workable solution for their predicament, they will be pressured into moving to these sidechains and be none the wiser.
The surveillance state is subject to Moore's Law just like Bitcoin. It gets easier and cheaper to run a surveillance state over time, so Bitcoin actually does little to bring people financial sovereignty. It actually ends financial privacy altogether. Think about it: Bitcoin literally obsoletes paper notes and fiat currency, imagine if the entire world HAD to use Bitcoin because digital currencies were the only commodity possible to use in commerce. Now financial privacy ends globally.
Most people have no clue how fucked this system is. I mean, our current economic systems are fucked, but if the deep state commissioned Satoshi to work on Bitcoin, then I swear this is nothing other than the oft predicted NWO one global currency. In fact I see no other way of making a one world global currency work other than what Satoshi did, because you need everyone to shill for it in every language on every continent, voluntarily. The way you do that is you introduce a deflationary money which proceeds to eat all other moneys.
Keep in mind Israel, America, Britain, Australia and every other traditional Western power has moved to regulate Bitcoin while fucking Russia decided to ban it.
Look at the replies in this thread:
- "I'll take that chance riding the elevator all the way to the top from the bottom."
- "You can opt out of everything and live in the woods as a hunter-gatherer."
Guess they'd rather shill for a totalitarian dystopia so long as they'd be rich in it. Truth be told there may be no other option. If we move to a cashless society then by defintion you must give up your right to financial privacy in order to be a productive citizen.
If they figure out a way to make it entirely cost prohibitive to embed data inside Bitcoin transactions, like in the blockchain virus command and control center, this effectively forces all innovation, and lots and lots of people onto sidechains.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:46:23
    Global Passive Adversary + Technically Incompetent People + Moore's Law = End of Financial Privacy
Your smartphone and all of your electronics are black boxes. Only the State can produce secure hardware at scale, meanwhile it surveills the Internet backbone globally. The people are at a massive disadvantage in this world. We are subjugated by black boxes, while the State who controls the black boxes acts as the all seeing eye.
@_date: 2014-12-06 14:55:40
Your life is at risk while driving ANY car on a public road.
... Yet driving an M1 Abrams tank is probably safer than a Kia.
We get it. Windows is convenient and you trust it. You are wrong to trust Windows with your privacy and security, and you are even more wrong to trust it with your life savings.
@_date: 2014-12-05 20:38:17
Wrong. Dangerously wrong. Rooting your phone gives you a false sense of security and privacy. The reality is far more Orwellian:




















This is, in all seriousness, why I warn people of the danger that Bitcoin was created by the global spy cartel. Desktop Bitcoin wallets are never going to gain as much ground as mobile wallets, and ALL mobile wallets are compromised to the core. It matters not what you do. You can do nothing to stop it. Everything you ever do on a smartphone can be screencapped and sent to the global spy cartel. It doesn't matter if you install fucking Armory on your rooted Cyanogenmod Android, or Breadwallet on iOS. You are SCREWED. The situation is FUBAR.
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:34:48
The people who had their funds stolen on BC.i thought they had control over their BTC.
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:35:48
I have a problem with wallet developers imposing an exploitative monopolistic fee without clearly mentioning it, and so do many others. Thankfully this isn't what Breadwallet does...
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:51:53
Cash does not have a fixed supply of 21M units for the entire world population. There is ZERO chance for cash to appreciate in value to anything approaching the extent bitcoin can appreciate in value.
World's tiniest violin. nNbody cares about NSA launching bitcoin to enslave the world. So long as they are wealthy in a dystopia they don't care and will shill for global enslavement.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:11:45
Do you understand:
    Global Passive Adversary + Technically Incompetent People + Moore's Law = End of Financial Privacy
Anonymity at the software layer isn't good enough. It isn't a solution. There is no solution. I do not say this lightly.
Your smartphone and all of your electronics are black boxes. Only the State can produce secure hardware at scale, meanwhile it surveills the Internet backbone globally. The people are at a massive disadvantage in this world. We are subjugated by black boxes, while the State who controls the black boxes acts as the all seeing eye.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:14:16
Certifiably grandma safe (tm)
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:28:41


Most people are keen on avoiding prison. Cash accounting is NOT the same as Bitcoin accounting. BTC is legally considered property which means each time you spend it you are liable for capital gains unless you can prove basis. Under an IRS audit you are assumed to have a 0 basis unless you can prove otherwise. **Guilty until proven innocent**. Which means as bitcoin gains in value, from $10, to $100, to $10000, more and more people will desperately need to prove basis. Otherwise spending a $10,000 bitcoin you JUST purchased TODAY makes you liable for capital gains on $10,000 * 0.1. You literally lose $1000 if you don't keep receipts. And if you don't keep receipts and want to forget? You are now guilty of tax evasion and money laundering. Don't think these fear tactics will work? Think again.


That is very much up for debate. The global spy cartel is the single most powerful organization on the planet. They ARE the deep state! Don't ever underestimate their capacity for evil.
@_date: 2014-12-29 00:47:17
They just need reasonable grounds for suspicion. Maybe your jealous neighbor reports you because they know you're into Bitcoin and they think you've struck it rich without paying your fair share. Maybe you drive a nice car or have a nice house. And now with the USA legalizing spying on the contents of domestic communications and further legalizing sharing those contents with IRS and local law enforcement, who knows what could be grounds for suspicion.
You could be audited for any reason at all. They don't need any evidence. They're above the law.


[The irony](
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:00:22
I'm aware of Project Ara. It makes no difference because the only way to take control of hardware is to manufacture it yourself in a controlled environment.
We can speculate that 3D printed microchips are in the works, or that Google will save the day, but neither is very likely to occur.
IMO it's very telling that Russia bans Bitcoin. The only reason they would make that move under financial sanctions is because they have reason to believe Bitcoin is a Western ploy at a global currency. Israel, Britain, and America, and all other traditional Western allies have moved to adopt and regulate Bitcoin.
It is unquestionably in the realm of possibilities that Intel, which was funded by the American military BTW, is secretly mining Bitcoin. It is further possible that Satoshi's million+ bitcoins are in the hands of intelligence agencies.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:12:40
False, for two reasons.
- The State would need to exterminate the entire Bitcoin network, along with all miners, *and* shut down all full nodes to end Bitcoin. Even if Bitcoin was mined by just ONE miner, **that miner would not be able to steal your BTC**. I repeat, on sidechains, miners **are** able to steal your BTC. Suddenly it *would* matter that a large mining facility is prevented from mining a sidechain. There is no possible way to prevent large mining facilities from developing into larger and larger centralized choke points in Bitcoin's future.
If the State forced miners to stop mining a particular sidechain, the two-way pegged funds on that sidechain would instantly become vulnerable to direct theft by other miners. This would effectively kill the sidechain on the spot. Using their power over sidechains as leverage, the State could extort a sidechain developer into implementing user tracking features.
- If Luke-Jr intends to **blacklist Bitcoin transactions** he or Blockstream doesn't like, and he encourages large miners to use his software, he can abuse that power to force Bitcoin users onto sidechains. Hence the Bitcoin innovation market would be cornered into using sidechains because no other solutions would be feasible thanks to blacklisting competing transactions.
In such a future, Bitcoin users would have **no option**, no free choice, and could be forced to use sidechains if their features ever were in popular demand. These attractive features would always be under threat from the State, because the State could decide to kill off that sidechain or legally compel it to implement KYC/AML under threat of force. Hence Blockstream, through its strong armed tactics of blacklisting its competitors, could very well lead Bitcoin to becoming surreptitiously coopted by the State.
Sidechains in and of themselves are a neutral technology, just like smartphones. When you backdoor the baseband layer of smartphones, like this...


... the technology becomes not so neutral. In the wrong hands, any technology can become a tool for oppression. Take Bitcoin. When I think about the traceability of Bitcoin, and I think about how not declaring capital gains or losses on any Bitcoin transaction would get me labeled a tax evader, a federal crime...
Don't know about you but when I put two and two together with blacklisting of free innovation, I consider that a very bad thing. I don't like walled gardens and I don't trust governments. Blacklisting would mean Bitcoin neutrality is ended. Society would no longer be able to innovate on top of Bitcoin in ways that are anti-State. This oppression would in fact work in the real world, just like most other Statist endeavors, because most people wouldn't be strong enough to resist.
TPTB have long desired a global cashless society, because in that society, every possible transaction and human communication can be collected and traced by a spy agency. I personally feel afraid searching for taboo topics in a post-NSA internet. It's a chilling effect on democracy. Now imagine having that same chilling effect on all of your transactions, throughout your entire life. Imagine if every financial transaction was subject to the same spying. With blacklisting, there would be no escaping that reality.
That is why I **really** don't like what I see here with Luke-Jr's blacklisting. This is a step in the wrong direction for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:11:08
Maybe you can lay my concerns to rest: Will the participation of large mining facilities be *required* for merge mined sidechains to be safe enough for the public to use?
The beauty of mining the Bitcoin main chain, is the neutrality of it. Every transaction can propagate along the main chain, so for example the State can't stop Silk Road and it can't stop botnet operators from propagating commands without shutting down everything.
OTOH, with merge mined chains, the State could force large mining facilities to stop pointing hashing power at the sidechain. Without the support of the large mining facilities, the sidechain is killed off because it is insecure. In a world without Bitcoin neutrality, the State would have total control over the outcome of Bitcoin innovation because it decides which sidechains live and die. When you consider the opaque nature of modern hardware and the trackability of Bitcoin itself, it really makes you wonder. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and will not assume the blacklisting is at all associated with your work at Blockstream.
This is fundamentally why I am opposed to your blacklisting efforts, but perhaps you can change my mind.
@_date: 2014-12-28 23:03:40
What's the point of using CoinShuffle if not to carry out transactions privately? Do you understand that in America, where the IRS legally considers Bitcoin property, you have to disclose every transaction in exchange for a good or service to the IRS? That if you refuse, you willfully file falsified forms to the federal government which is a federal crime? Are you willing to go to prison? Is your grandma? Do you see why this system is totalitarian as fucking hell?
You are completely naive if you think the IRS, FinCEN or the Secret Service will allow Bitcoiners to frame the laws in favor of consumer privacy. They're going to accuse you of trying to hide something, and they have the power to turn your whole life upside down while they force you to dig for receipts while they watch as you struggle in an attempt to avoid fines and jail time.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:51:36
If you aren't concerned about hardware or disk space requirements for running a full node, then why *are* you concerned? If not cost prohibitive, what concerns you about people using Bitcoin and paying bitcoin fees to propagate whatever they please? If someone wants to run a botnet over the blockchain, are you against that?
@_date: 2014-12-20 02:45:05
Tragedy of the commons does adequately describe it, because who wouldn't want the highest possible security for their blockchain application?
Dunno why this couldn't have upside, e.g. Tor becomes safer the more random people use it. If Ethereum was pegged to a sidechain, and you transferred your BTC there, no one would have the faintest clue what you intended to do with it, because by definition anything could be done. At the same time, a single instance of a sidechain getting pwned would incent everyone with a "serious" need for security to (ab)use the main blockchain which brings us back to square one.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:11:52
The main chain isn't merge mined. Money doesn't get stolen in a 51% attack of the main chain. Money gets stolen in a 51% attack on sidechains, and since mining facilities are only getting bigger and more centralized, the State would have an easy time "regulating" the facilities to only merge mine the chains it wants them to.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:33:18
Those people will be a minority. You're rationalizing oppressing the majority of humans, under the assumption that a minority can supposedly get away with having privacy... which is highly unlikely to be the case.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:03:01


It's fine for them to remove this from their perspective because they'll assuredly have that data at their fingertips anyway as black box hardware infects the world.


They've been pushing for a global cashless society for decades. You know how you can't search Google or Youtube without looking over your shoulder? Imagine that same thing happening for all of your financial transactions without exception for as long as you're alive.
Moore's Law applies to the surveillance apparatus just as much as it applies to Bitcoin. Bitcoin doesn't stop oppressors on its own, which is what far too many people erroneously believe.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:12:28
Wrong, and I'm tired of correcting people on this point. Your smartphone
is compromised at the base band layer:


Your other electronics aren't much better.
As for what is the solution, the solution is to decentralize microchip manufacturing, but I don't see that happening. Sorry.
Bitcoin is the one world currency. 21 million bitcoins was probably a nod to Agenda 21. But no seriously, just try and get the information out. Tell people the truth. They won't care. They wouldn't even care if Bitcoin was life's golden ticket. People will only care about Bitcoin when the global financial system grinds to a halt, this time for real. They will then be forced into a global cashless society.
Most programmers I've encountered in my life have been Statists. Even the good hackers have wet dreams of landing that sweet, patriotic job at a spy agency... let's just say I have my doubts about Satoshi Nakamoto's real intentions.
@_date: 2014-12-24 09:09:20
Yes. Congress passed that bill last week.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:34:10
Have you ever thought about searching for a taboo topic on Google, but decided against it due to the fact that we're living in a surveillance state? That's what's called a chilling effect. A global cashless society catapults that chilling effect to every single financial transaction on earth. Global totalitarianism. OP is the perfect example of what is to come.
Maybe you're right, maybe you "can" spend your money just like you "can" look up bomb making videos on Youtube without fearing Stasi reprisal.


Lest we forget about rubber hose cryptography. Also this aspect of Bitcoin cuts both ways. On the one hand it gives you more control, on the other, it gives criminal conspirators more control. As always, the State will have the only secure hardware and will be able to commit criminal acts while operating above the law. Bitcoin gives the 1% elites more power than they have now.
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:24:13
care to comment? This is very unsettling news to me. I can no longer recommend Breadwallet to anyone if true. If it charges 100 bits per transaction without telling anyone... underhanded tactics like that speak volumes to me.
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:35:40


Browser JS crypto can give you no such assurances: 
Web wallets like BC.i are dangerously close to snake oil. They are a categorically horrible concept and no one should be using them unless they have no other option.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:52:33


From the article:










This has been publicly critiqued numerous times:
- 
- 
- 
The article tends to surface every so often, usually because startups with a vested interest in JS crypto want to believe their plans aren't doomed to fail.
There may very well be demand for Web wallets. GreenAddress is the only semi-defensible arrangement I'm aware of.
Edit: if you're talking about downloading a browser extension to verify the JS, re-read the article because it covers that as well.
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:53:21
Long before the network gets anywhere near as large as that, it would be safe for users to use Simplified Payment Verification (section 8) to check for double spending, which only requires having the chain of block headers, or about 12KB per day. Only people trying to create new coins would need to run network nodes. At first, most users would run network nodes, but as the network grows beyond a certain point, it would be left more and more to specialists with server farms of specialized hardware. A server farm would only need to have one node on the network and the rest of the LAN connects with that one node.
But do tell of the existential threats to Bitcoin you've seen on the mailing list.
Yes. The real threat is taking away liberty to conduct transactions without them being recorded anywhere. This is because most hardware is unacceptably opaque and hence insecure.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:32:24
Then run a pruned full node when that makes its way into Bitcoin Core. Promoting transaction blacklisting sets a terrible precedent and plays into the centralization and cooption of Bitcoin by the State.
@_date: 2014-12-16 08:17:46
No idea how it would be possible for the blockchain *not* to grow larger in size over many years of operation. Anyway, isn't that what pruned nodes are for?
@_date: 2014-11-23 20:27:14
The NSA never gave fuck about democracy or the economy. They don't give a fuck about you, your savings, your liberty or your freedom. You and everyone else in society is nothing but a potential threat to their power.
The NSA regularly cites national security as a reason for not disclosing the truth, so why would they need to justify Bitcoin to anyone? Why would they need to talk about it?
The global spy cartel knows everything you've said and done, who your friends are, everything they've said, everywhere you and your peers have been since roughly 9/11. **They are the ultimate extortionists in the giant extortion racket that is Western society**. The NSA doesn't have to explain a fucking THING to "keynsians". God dammit they're above the law!
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:25:28


It's not a matter of "extra security". [Browser JS crypto is no better than swiss cheese]( without that verification. I'm having a hard time coming up with a word worse than "doomed" to describe Bitcoin web wallets. They're such a terrible concept. No one should be using or recommending them.


Yes, that's because if you're going to generate private keys with a completely insecure RNG, on an insecure webpage in an insecure web browser, it's really no different from having a server own the keys, because you have no assurance that the server or a hacker isn't reading the keys or modifying the webpage to steal your money.
Browser JS wallets like BC.i are the worst of all worlds. They give people a false sense of security and make them believe no one can get between them and their money. If you have to download an application to make sure BC.i isn't hijacked, why wouldn't you just download Breadwallet or Electrum, and own your money free and clear?
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:32:49
If you're going to download a chrome extension, why not download Breadwallet or Electrum?
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:07:54
Google justin amash section 309
@_date: 2014-12-15 17:14:23
Bitcoiners need to wake up and smell the roses. First, electronic cash is dependent upon electronics - duh. You'd think this would be obviously a bad thing to most people, but most people don't understand how fucked hardware is. The truth is only State actors can produce secure hardware at scale in controlled environments.
Second, proof of work systems outsource their security to miners, which isn't a problem *unless* we move to a sidechains based world. Suddenly it WOULD matter that the security of the chain has been outsourced, because without the vote of mining facilities, the innovative chains could not be safely used. In other words, which innovations are usable would be determined by the State.
When you put two and two together, you end up with a brutally oppressed and hopelessly centralized system that resembles the modern banking system's wet dream of a globally cashless society, where they get to decide which innovations are usable by the public and which aren't, and financial privacy ends.
Even worse, most people are shilling for this globally cashless system in every language and in every country, voluntarily.


I'm afraid a positive outcome is not within the realm of possibilities. For all we know, Satoshi was commissioned to secretly work on Bitcoin by a government or spy agency that feared the financial system was coming to an end in 2008. If this is an abuse of trust by Satoshi, then it is a cut and dry case of diabolical evil genius and the end game is nothing short of absolute tyranny and global oppression.
You have to look over your shoulder just to watch Youtube videos, and it's a chilling effect. Imagine if there was a chilling effect on how you spend your money. There would be no escaping that reality, and freedom would come to an end.
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:22:46
Ecash with a central issuer is no problem, because you can make fiat paper bills with it.
I'm not sure which is worse, living in a global cashless society, or having cash but also having the government constantly devalue my money.
As I've said in the past, I don't see a way to avert the move to a global cashless society.
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:19:48
The NSA can't monitor cash transactions because there is no electronics involved. TPTB have been pushing for a cashless society for decades, why do you think that is?
If Bitcoiners are successful at convincing the rest of the world that Bitcoin is like Cash 2.0 and "anonymous", then people who have no clue how to protect themselves from surveillance may very well happily adopt bitcoin and be none the wiser that everything they now do with their money is permanently recorded and traceable. If Satoshi did work for the NSA, it is a genius way to get Cash 2.0 adopted by the world, because people who are vested in BTC in every country and every language will work voluntarily to enslave the human race, and be none the wiser.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:24:49
"No reason"? According to what, your deity's holy book? Did your "Lord and Savior" tell you that there would be no reason to use the blockchain for these purposes?
  
Do you deny the fact that Bitcoin is a distributed ledger without equal? No? *Why then* are you so against seeing people use the blockchain like that?
I signed up for Bitcoin because I understood the blockchain to be a neutral, secure, append-only global ledger. You might not have, and that is your prerogative.
If Luke-Jr is forcing anti-blockchain views on Gentoo users by abusing his position of authority into implementing blacklists, I find that to be a major misstep.
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:44:21
What about the IRS? What's your grand plan when they audit you? In all seriousness, if you're not willing to go through the same trouble organized criminals go through to clean up their paper trails, the only people your transactions will stay private from are your friends. The government reserves the right to bend you over at any time in the future. How do you feel about that? Do you think DarkWallet will save you from that? Remember when it comes to tax evasion and money laundering, you are **guilty until proven innocent**.
So prove your innocence why don't you. Oops. Guess you'll have to prove your basis by tracking your entire transaction history through the blockchain. Rendering mixing futile, and the BitLicense is going to make mixing illegal anyway!
Do I need to repeat for the hundredth time that your hardware and especially your smartphones are Orwellian black boxes, and that it's completely within the realm of possibilities for a spy agency to order your phone company to screencap everything you do with a mobile Bitcoin wallet? When you consider the deplorable state of hardware and take that together with the IRS extorting you into self reporting, mixing is NOT an answer.
Yet, you people want to force this totalitarian nightmare on "The Other Six Billion" (TM) as if that makes you some kind of hero.
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:09:11
Until you can manufacture your own microchip, smartphone and computer at home, every bit of your hardware you use to interact with the Bitcoin network is horribly opaque and hence insecure and NOT private.
Your smartphone is compromised at the base band level. The base band microchip has its own power supply and can make network connections without you ever knowing. Every interaction you have with bitcoin on a computing device can be screencapped and sent to the global spy cartel. If they have 1-2 million bitcoins in their control through Satoshi mining or Intel mining secretly then yes that does matter to me and it should matter to you that you are shilling for a global cashless society in which NSA controls 10% of the money supply forever.
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:42:43
Every wallet worth its salt will be BIP32 compatible within the next 12 months. Then you won't have to worry about syncing.
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:50:19
The original topic, which suggests the Americans want to spread Bitcoin far and wide, should concern you. Why would they want to do that? Is what I am pointing out here. Could it be because **[Bitcoin is a ruse to create a global cashless society](
But of course "you have nothing to hide":




































@_date: 2014-12-24 06:44:17
I hesitate to make this response without further proof of these emails, because Coinbase is often bashed by their competitors, that being said...
You should operate under the assumption that if your coins can be traced back to you, they are being traced in near real time.
Someone is going to be paying attention to your spending patterns for as long as you're using electronic cash. You have no room for error.
America very recently legalized spying on the *contents* of domestic communications between citizens, and further legalized passing on those contents to local law enforcement. The march towards totalitarianism continues.
OP's alleged experience is a prime example of the ruthless oppression that goes hand in hand with a global cashless society. Break a law? Your easy and open access to the financial system will be permanently revoked. Think Bitcoin is about freedom? Think again.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:36:56
No one can hand you Tor Ultimate Edition and guarantee your safety or anonymity against a global passive adversary. It's not just about your safety either, there's going to be a receiving party to most of your sends, and you can't rule out that receiving party's technical incompetence. You have no room for error. This doesn't even touch on the idea of living in a financial panopticon.
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:59:41
Oh, it provides accountability alright. Accountability that is nearly impossible to opt out of unless you're willing to live in the woods as a hunter-gatherer.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:59:50
Care to plausibly explain how paper wallets backed by a central trusted issuer, or Casascius coins will supplant $20 bills? If not, Bitcoin obsoletes cash, and ends financial privacy globally. Bitcoin fundamentally obsoletes the idea of central issuers and trusted third parties, so it isn't clear to me how to avert this.
@_date: 2014-11-23 17:20:03
Exactly. You're guilty of tax evasion and money laundering if you don't report capital gains on all of your transactions anyway. Forget about mixing. Why does mixing even matter if the IRS can throw you in jail and ruin your life on mere suspicion? Never forget with certain agencies and laws you are guilty until proven innocent.
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:11:49
The rise in cybercrime sure to come also gives them political cover to exert total control over the internet. You will need a biometric ID to log into wifi because think of the children. We wouldn't want you using bitcoin to conduct illicit activity now would we?
@_date: 2014-12-07 23:05:46
[Thrust]( and [Atom Shell]( are both better bets than node-webkit, JMO
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:37:26
Oh, I was thinking he meant aaron was pulling a Multibit HD, which in fact *does* send several bits per transaction to the developers, that's on top of the network fees. If 100 bits isn't sent into his pocket, it's not a problem at all.
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:40:38
If you're downloading a browser extension or Android app, you are not using a web app, by definition. Perhaps the article doesn't cover that use case because it's ridiculous to ask your website visitors to download a desktop application or extension before they can signup to use your website? Why even *have* a web app if you're going to do that?
If you're willing to download an app, why not just download Electrum or Breadwallet and own your money free and clear? Re: syncing balances across desktop, mobile: BIP32, wallet agnostic is designed to handle that use case.
As for the majority of BC.i users who don't download the extension, they have a false sense of security.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:12:57
Deflationary currency eats all inflationary currencies by design. One world currency.
@_date: 2014-11-23 20:31:56


You do understand that when the IRS levies your bank account you are guilty until proven innocent right?
In the eyes of the taxman the burden of proof is on you. They get to say you're lying and you get to pull down your pants, bend over, and take it up the ass.


No, that only works if Bitcoin is treated like currency instead of property. The IRS considers Bitcoin property, which makes it subject to capital gains or losses with every transaction.
Buy anything with your bitcoins, and the IRS expects you to have proof of your basis. If you can't prove basis, they have every right to levy taxes on you.
Don't want to declare every transaction and keep every receipt? Well guess you're ok with being guilty of tax evasion. Willingly providing false or misleading statements on a tax form is a FELONY. Benefiting from the subsequent ill-gotten gains is the textbook definition of money laundering. Enjoy your stay in Club Fed. GG - love, The Extortion Racketeers
@_date: 2014-11-23 18:06:43
The deep state =/= the government
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:02:08


On merge mined sidechains, the large mining facilities must voluntarily point hashing power at sidechains for those sidechains to be safe enough for people to use. Because the State owns the land upon which the mining facilities are built, and because the State can extort the tenants of its land, **the State decides which merge mined sidechains live and die**. The State could kill off a sidechain it didn't like by forcing top mining facilities to stop mining it. It could alternatively demand the sidechain implement user tracking features.
When I see this move to blacklist transactions by people involved with Blockstream, taken together with smartphones being backdoored, I get seriously concerned about Bitcoin's future. Is this really a currency of freedom? We are shilling for a global cashless society in every language, in every country...
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:31:41






This article should be required reading for anyone who uses a Bitcoin web wallet like BC.i. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:50:55
The internet itself promised to deliver a utopian and egalitarian society. Then the NSA realized this and fucking turned it out into a pervasive surveillance tool.
I can't think of any promising new technology that avoided becoming coopted by the State. Printing press? Owned by giant corporate media. Radio? TV? Same story. Cell phones? Internet? NSA. Bitcoin? "This time it's different", amirite
You say it's about centralized vs decentralized, but that is a false dichotomy. In proof of work systems, the government controls the land that the mining facilities operate on, and hence the government controls the security of the system. This isn't a big deal on the main Bitcoin blockchain, but it IS a big deal if we move to sidechains, because the two way pegged funds in sidechains are dependent upon the largest mining facilities voluntarily agreeing to mine them. In other words, the government must agree to allow the mining facilities to mine a certain innovative sidechain. If the incentives are such that many, many Bitcoiners move onto sidechains we will have put ourselves in a position where the centralized control structures can control the outcomes of Bitcoin innovation by killing off the innovations they don't like.
This on top of giving the tax authorities and spy agencies perfect information about your spending habits. Yep I'm pretty sure I'd call that a dystopia.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:20:09
That you're sending coins to a drug dealer is the problem. It doesn't matter if you do so after sending to a local wallet. Anyone can follow the coins on the blockchain, you know. What gives you the idea Coinbase can only refuse you services if you send money direct from Coinbase to a drug dealer?
@_date: 2014-12-16 08:09:46
You say support "Bitcoin" as if some deity handed you a holy book that says to all what Bitcoin is to be used for. In reality, you are ascribing your personal values to the blockchain and passing it off to others as dogma.
The blockchain is a distributed database without equal, and if people want to use it for that purpose they should be able to. When I run "Bitcoin", that's what *I'm* supporting with full node security. The potential of blockchain botnets is actually quite astonishing: 
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:16:17
You missed my point, which stands especially strong for The Other Six Billion (tm), who do not receive bank statements. These people are the majority, and you are advocating subjecting them to this surveillence. To that end, there is little to no difference today between the Secret Service requesting your phone records and your bank records, and for the unbanked it's obviously easier to get the phone records. For all you know, your phone records contain screencaps of you operating your Bitcoin wallet. Your phone is a black box and I don't foresee anything changing that.
The Free Software Movement was started in part because Richard Stallman is staunchly opposed to the idea of black box software controlling the person. That is what RMS believes, and I happen to agree. With Bitcoin not only do we have black box software - Coinbase et al - we have people carrying out their most delicate financial transactions on black box hardware.
Banking the majority of the world on black boxes the act of which *conveniently* benefits your wallet, brings things like British imperialism to mind.
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:19:29
What is the blockchain if not for a communications network? Is money not the most powerful form of communication?
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:51:13
And do you intend to CoinShuffle yourself out of hot water when the IRS accuses you of tax evasion and money laundering?
Welcome to being **guilty until proven innocent**.
This doesn't even account for Orwellian black box hardware screencapping your every "anonymous" transaction. Nothing like promoting a global cashless society with a false sense of security and a hopelessly naive worldview.
@_date: 2014-12-10 22:29:30
No one I know says "coinbase" in everyday speech when discussing Bitcoin. Everybody says "blockchain" because that's what Bitcoin IS. That's why it's such a bunch of BS for a company to be named Blockchain on purpose. The company rebranded itself to be purposefully ambiguous with the goal of generating brand authority by piggybacking on the word. There is nothing ambiguous about Coinbase, because nobody ever says that except when referring to Coinbase the company.
That said, on a 10 scale of malicious company name choices, with 10 being the Federal Reserve, Blockchain.info -- Blockchain is about a 2.
@_date: 2014-12-06 06:44:01
That's like poking into the abyss while blindfolded. The baseband microchip has its own power supply. It can independently power itself on, make outgoing network connections. Want to change things? Figure out a way to 3D print microchips at home. In absence of that you are vulnerable.
When I hand you a crisp $20 bill, there is no electronic record of that transaction taking place. When I take out my phone, mix my bitcoins dozens of times behind multiple proxies, and send them to you thinking I'm a ninja, the black box that is my phone can be screencapping everything I do and sending it to the spy cartel. Mixing solves nothing.
As for why the spy cartel would invent Bitcoin: Moore's law is such that running a global surveillance state becomes easier and cheaper over time, just like running a Bitcoin full node becomes easier and cheaper. If the NSA discovered proof of work, they would have to operate under the assumption that the KGB could also discover it. Game theory suggests the NSA must launch the currency first to get the network effects, if it fails they lose nothing. But if it works... If Satoshi worked for the spy cartel, then we can only assume they've mined 5-10% of the total BTC supply in secret, which will be enough to fund the global surveillance state and black ops behind massive computer networks until the end of time.
You think you have freedom with Bitcoin, you're wrong. We are giving up the ability to conduct transactions without a trace, on top of that we are shilling for it in every language, in every country, voluntarily. If this is an abuse of trust by Satoshi then it is diabolical genius.
I never see anyone talking about this, and it's sickening that more people aren't more concerned about this possible angle. Most Bitcoiners, even when I tell them these things, that their electronic devices are utterly pwned by the NSA with no end in sight, will happily shrug their shoulders. Nevermind the fact that we could be here shilling for the worst kind of totalitarian dystopia in human history. As long as they think they'll be rich in a dystopia, they will shill for global enslavement.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:08:47
This is a very fishy project that has nothing to do  with Wikileaks. The assumed "developers" are anonymous, and we have no assurance the involved parties are anything other than a one person show trying to harp on people's emotions to raise BTC. He will then fail to deliver. The recommendation of Dark Wallet, which isn't even out of beta and which its own authors advise against using, is *very* odd coming from a group of people claiming to be cryptographers.
@_date: 2014-12-09 06:24:01
Typically people don't affix anonymously swipeable cash to their email accounts.
Without using BC.i's browser extension, you are physically unable to manage your money securely. One way of using BC.i puts your money actively at risk, the other does not. What's the use in having an unworkable web app with a hard requirement on a browser extension? Just skip the web app, and deliver everything in the extension.
The only reason you wouldn't do this is if you wanted more users at the risk of some users taking losses. This is fine, but they need to adopt BIP32 and multisig, or release their backend in full and enable all users to decouple their account from BC.i's central servers if they care about their users.
No one ever talks about BC.i until something bad happens, so allow me to take the opportunity. BC.i has undoubtedly been in contact with various governments and spy agencies due to their high industry profile. Their mixing service is known to be compromised. They certainly can keep logs without telling you. Worse, as a platform they are able to manually override what JS code is delivered to your browser. If I'm a spy agency, that looks like a grade A honeypot opportunity.  If I'm a hacker, I know only a complete newb would trust his money to such a perilous foundation.
They can target all Tor users just as easily. Blockchain.info has an enormous level of control over their userbase, far more than they would have you believe.
The industry is moving towards more decentralization, and they need to adapt with a multisig arrangement, like GA or Coinbase, at a bare minimum.
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:15:44


True. But my concerns aren't technical in nature. The perverse incentives and conflict of interest are the problem, not the technology.
If the founders of Blockstream are willing to relinquish their commit access to Bitcoin Core upstream, I would have **zero issues** with sidechains. Well, are they willing to do what's right? Money is involved... draw your own conclusions.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:10:04
Because the average person will do a tear down of their iPhone before putting a Bitcoin wallet on it, amirite?
Stay safe out there.
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:18:50
Blockchain size was meant to become problematic. Satoshi himself stated in 2010 that most Bitcoin users would outsource blockchain storage to dedicated providers who would likely be situated in datacenters.
In the future, there will be three levels of Bitcoin infrastructure. 1. Full nodes with complete Bitcoin history dating back to 2009; 2. Pruned full nodes with incomplete history but full UTXO set; 3. Everyday users of Bitcoin who run SPV clients. You could just as well posit that having full nodes in datacenters is a bad thing, but the goal of Bitcoin is to be a global currency of fixed supply, and it still succeeds in that goal regardless of where full nodes are situated. And by the time this actually matters, super-DVDs with TB sized storage will be able to house all of the blockchain's history.
The only problem with Bitcoin is how utterly insecure and vulnerable most hardware is. The fact that smartphone base band is controlled and can be powered on silently by the phone manufacturer or intelligence agencies is serious cause for concern. There is a chance Bitcoin is a global currency launched by spy agencies to achieve maximum enslavement of the populace while giving themselves a huge proportion of the global monetary supply.
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:34:23


It's "Jacob", 3D printing is hype, and software isn't a solution to the problem of a global passive adversary and incompetent users.
@_date: 2014-12-24 07:35:25
Software is the easy part.