@_author: 0mega0
@_date: 2019-02-01 02:55:16
Well said
@_date: 2019-02-01 00:39:26
I guess we'll have to disagree on that, because I'm of the view that economic power and political power are heavily intertwined. In a plutocracy, economic power is used to buy political power to then further your economic power. A simple example is the  current problem in the US where policy isn't written for a representative's voter base, but for the representative's financiers. Dictators that control a commodity like diamond mines or oil are also a very simple example. The point of corrupt individuals obtaining and maintaining political power is to further secure economic power, which in turn is used to secure more political power ad infinitum.
@_date: 2019-02-01 00:11:02
I'm confused, are you suggesting wealthy people don't pay for the things they have, they're simply given to them? If thats the case, whats the point of being wealthy? I must be misunderstanding.
Traditionally, governments finance their budgets by raising taxes and they mostly get along fine doing that. Functionally, their budgets are supposed to be limited to the amount they're able to raise, which historically is enforced by a commodity backed currency. Occasionally nations like Rome eventually mixed their gold with other metals to effectively "print" more money, similar to the way the fed prints money to inflate the US budget beyond its limits since the discontinuation of the gold standard. BTC's commodity mechanism is an attempt to fix that tendency.
That doesn't change the process, governments whether dictators or democracies still raise taxes (and dictators have additional means at their disposal).
Printing money and inflating a currency devalues being a creditor (individuals/institutions wealthy enough to loan their wealth to others) because the value of the debt they own goes down, as the currency inflates. Meaning, if person A loans you 100,000 USD, that 100,000 principle they're waiting to get back a few years from now cannot buy as much once they receive it because the amount of money in circulation has increased.
Flip that coin and imagine a debt in a currency that deflates.
Wealthy person A loans you 1BTC. Hypothetically, in a year, that 1BTC principle you still owe is now worth the value 1.02BTC was a year ago when you received the loan (deflating at an imaginary 2%). 
Also because the currency deflates, your job which paid you 1BTC last year is paying you .98BTC this year because the value of BTC went up. Sounds wrong but you're not complaining, your still able to buy the same amount of things as last year because .98BTC has the value that 1BTC had a year ago, and the market value of your job hasn't increased. 
However, you still owe wealthy person A 1BTC and your salary keeps effectively staying the same yet decreasing relative to your debt. How are you going to get out of debt?
In this scenario, your loan agreement doesn't even account for interest.
If banks/institutions/oligarchs/dictators etc are entrenched now, imagine how impossible it will be to upend them with a deflating economy.
A deflating economy where they can't directly take your money from you, but they can see how much you have in your account and demand you pay them, otherwise they shut your phone service off. Block you from road travel. Cut off your internet and bar your children from an education.
@_date: 2017-11-13 16:17:41
IDK, why this made me laugh so hard. I'm in tears
@_date: 2019-01-31 18:26:59
I don't understand that logic.. If btc becomes a standard currency, a small number of  people will be able to accumulate enough bitcoin where their families will irreconcilably be permanent dictators... Every quality of bitcoin guarantees this. The deflationary nature, the immutability, the ability to track who is spending it and where, the fact that it cannot be confiscated by a revolutionary uprising. It's a dictator's dream. To believe it makes being a dictator impossible is foolish and wildly short sighted. 
Blockchain or some iteration of digital currencies are the future but if you truly don't believe bitcoin will create irrevocably entrenched powers, downvote me and prove why thats wrong.