@_author: 102312312313
@_date: 2015-01-22 01:38:35
You're saying that if the entire world used Bitcoin, which entails a minimum of 4000 tps according to  we'd see $0.10 transaction fees? How could that possibly be true unless the price of Bitcoin, despite it being adopted everywhere, was pitifully low?
And if the price was pitifully low, how would miners have the incentive to secure the network?
Seven transactions per second is just indefensible imo. Sure, place reasonable limits but, seriously? Seven. Seven for the entire world. It would price out billions of people and an untold number of low value payments, which decreases the network's utility.
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:03:29
Exchanges can still take loans to buy bitcoins and use that to fulfill the crypto proofs. Without an adequate audit of their financial statements the proofs are all but worthless.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:13:46
How can you possibly say people who aren't tech savvy - which is most people - will enjoy the process of *bidding* against the entire world just to spend their money? If you had to join a worldwide bidding war to buy a cup of coffee with US Dollars, but there was no bidding war with Euros, people would just never use the dollar because that would be ridiculously inconvenient and absurd.


Don't you mean the price secures the network? The higher the price of BTC, the more money miners can afford to spend on securing Bitcoin's blockchain. We should be doing everything possible to see to it that more people want to use Bitcoin rather than less, so the price goes up, and miners can justify increasing their hashing power.
@_date: 2015-01-27 17:11:42


I see, that does make sense. However, the future is more uncertain because according to [the wiki]( you can do atomic swaps with nLockTime.
I don't see anything stopping nLockTime from being implemented in Ethereum, do you? Colored coins in the long run must compete with subcurrencies that live in a Turing complete VM either on Ethereum or on Counterparty. I am personally betting on the Turing complete VM being more than capable of doing P2P trade, and much more.
@_date: 2015-01-24 19:03:24
It isn't as black and white as you make it out to be. The maintainers of bitcoin.org also threatened to delist Electrum this month:
It had nothing to do with security.
They may be well-intentioned people making these threats, but they are levying demands from their armchairs backed by threats.
Agreeing upon a standard amongst your small group of insiders and then enforcing it on the market with threats is coercive. It is not conducive to negotiation.
@_date: 2015-01-27 06:02:33


That's a gross oversimplification. What defines a homeless person more than any other factor is the complete lack of a social support network. As for why someone would have no social support network, the most common reasons are mental illness and drug addiction.
Most people wouldn't want mentally ill, potentially dangerous drug addicted homeless people living in their back yard. Would you?
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:28:38


No it doesn't. You can take out loans to buy BTC to "prove" your exchange's reserves. It tells you nothing about whether a given exchange has liabilities, and a ponzi of sufficient size would be able to fool the crypto proofs persistently.
And how would you reconcile proofs in real time with orders on any exchange's private order book? Only the exchange knows which orders are real and which aren't, and you can't know whether the exchange has massive liabilities without auditing their financial statements.
Anyone who despises regulation, needs to wake up because the only way to do transparent exchange is on a blockchain, where the order book itself is distributed. Without a blockchain, you probably want regulation unless you're ok with the idea of trading on Chinese bucket shops.
@_date: 2015-01-22 00:57:35
And what would a "reasonable amount of time" be if the entire world was limited to 7 transactions per second?
What would the average transaction fee cost then?
Wouldn't limiting the network's capacity price out billions of people in developing nations, and price out an untold quantity of lower value transactions?
What's the use in having Bitcoin if you can't use it to pay for products and services without going through a regulated, off-chain intermediary?
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:10:17


But we have a choice as to who bears the costs of decentralization. With a ludicrously conservative 7 transaction per second block limit, today it definitely looks fair that full node operators and miners can be expected to take on a higher share of decentralization costs. The majority of Bitcoin users will be unaffected by a blocksize increase, because the majority don't run full nodes.
It makes me wonder, what would you think of having a 7 tps limit on Bitcoin in 2050 and forever after?
What happens then is the average Bitcoin user would bear *all* the costs of decentralization forever. That is completely unfair and inefficient. The vast majority of people will never have any interest in running a full node. Why is it important to minimize the costs of running one if it's a pointless, losing battle?
Average users shouldn't have to forever bear the costs of decentralization. The entities best equipped to run full nodes shouldn't end up with a better deal at a sky high cost to the majority. Keeping the network locked to 7 tps forever is a completely inefficient use of resources. It's also an arbitrarily static limitation that doesn't account for Moore's Law.
Sidechains are orthogonal to this discussion. In fifty years, when a 1 TB thumb drive is obsolete trash, do you still say we should rely on a minimally sized blockchain limited to 7 tps? That we should still be using workarounds until the heat death of the universe to give people *every* opportunity to run full nodes even though they never, ever will nor intend to?
Technology enthusiasts and Bitcoin infrastructure providers are the best equipped entities to bear the costs of decentralization, and they will likely be the only entities willing to run full nodes regardless.
If that's the worst case scenario, it sounds very mild and mostly theoretical.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:37:43
Is this what you mean by P2P trade?














This is from your website, chromawallet.com.
It seems like what you're calling P2P Trade is a distributed messaging queue, combined with a client-side Bitcoin wallet. The service joins the messaging queue and signs transactions when appropriate.
I don't know what you're using for the distributed messaging queue, but let's say it's ZeroMQ. There's nothing inherent to ZeroMQ that limits its usage for matching orders *only* for colored coins. That does not make sense.
I've also heard you can't freeze colored coin issuance. OpenAssets claims you need to "destroy the private keys" of a colored coin to "lock" issuance, which seems rather silly. If by some fluke ZeroMQ only worked with colored coins, which is completely false, the coins themselves would be very limited.
@_date: 2015-01-22 02:27:19
But don't sidechains grow in size, just like bitcoin's blockchain grows in size. What are you going to do when you need to increase the block size on a sidechain? Move to another one? And another one after that?
It sounds like you're in favor of a caste system where only rich people can use BTC, and everyone else has to use inferior centralized solutions or workarounds.
I agree, place limits, but seven transactions per second isn't sustainable. And what's the big idea anyway? Spell out the worst case scenario for us because it sounds like you really don't want to increase the block size at all, which seems rather silly.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:43:05


It isn't about having "suitable space". Homelessness is highly correlated with mental illness and drug addiction. You could very well be a good samaritan, and you may want drug addicted mentally ill people living in your back yard. Most people would not.
Furthermore, because homelessness is so highly correlated with mental illness and drug addiction, having homeless persons living in your back yard presents a public safety hazard to you, and to your neighbors, the majority of whom surely wouldn't want to house the homeless.
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:22:10
No, and Peter Todd also isn't the one pleading with Gavin "No concensus!" on  which is pretty much the only reason we're even having a debate over this.
@_date: 2015-02-04 21:49:53
True or False: Satoshi's coins could be stolen in a sustained 80% attack started today and lasting for the next decade.
@_date: 2015-02-04 19:12:43
Are you still planning to extract an additional albeit small developer fee on every BTC send handled by MultiBit HD?
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:58:03
Really? Greg claimed "all" of the bitcoins on the main Bitcoin blockchain could be stolen by a sustained 51% attacker. This is false. Even a sustained 80% attacker couldn't reach into your cold storage wallet and steal all your money.
Bitcoin can succeed in a myriad of ways, but it's meaningless to claim that *because and only because you're invested in Bitcoin*, you have the exact same incentives to see Bitcoin "succeed" as someone else. For example, if you're Coinbase, maybe "Bitcoin's success" is keeping the block size to 1 MB because that way mainstream users are forced to use centralized services, rather convenient for Coinbase. That way, when "Bitcoin succeeds", Coinbase will be rich.
The exact same is true with Blockstream. Blockstream is a company, like Coinbase, and they have a vision for Bitcoin's success wherein their company makes money. Obviously Blockstream would not have been started if the founders didn't want to be rich when "Bitcoin succeeds".
Predictably, Greg labels all critics of sidechains as being altcoin investors, because it helps paint this bullshit story of "we want Bitcoin to succeed therefore we are good and they are bad". See, Coinbase can claim the same. The fact is when you take equity positions in a company with its own needs and its own agenda for "Bitcoin's success", it's a game changer.
@_date: 2015-02-04 21:31:01
1. The Bitcoin system grinding to a halt.
2. Having your money stolen out of cold storage.
They are two very different outcomes.
Outcome  happens with sidechains and doesn't with the Bitcoin blockchain. You can paper over this until something bad happens, or you can choose to proactively inform consumers of the risks.
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:51:58
You agree it's blatantly false to claim 80% attackers can steal "all" the bitcoins on the Bitcoin blockchain then, which is what Greg claimed as a way of papering over this technical shortcoming of sidechains. There is no way for you to steal my cold storage coins unless you've been secretly 51% attacking Bitcoin for years. Sidechains do not have this security property. But you've completely missed the substance of my post.
*All* the coins on the main Bitcoin blockchain could be stolen? Ugh. And you wonder why I point out that equity positions in a company is a deciding factor in shaping a person's behavior. Yes, equity does in fact make a difference, and it's bullshit to just paper over that by claiming those "altcoin investors" are the problem, as if your equity position in a Bitcoin company doesn't alter your approach to Bitcoin, it's extremely disingenuous. If you think otherwise you are simply misinformed.
Keep the downvotes coming? lel
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:09:34
Really? The Blockstream developers are by far the biggest promoters of indefinite 1 MB block limits. Surely it has nothing to do with them taking equity in a company that depends on sidechains for income.