@_author: 1039r0
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:16:04
I usually browse reddit anonymously, but had to create an account to honestly point out what a fucking twat you are butterflysammy. I mean DustFlynn hasn't been the most polite don't get me wrong, but your first comment doesn't take any notice of the original post, and you honestly have gone on a self righteous tirade. You are the miserable fucker not him. Reddit is a forum to share and promote ideas, and it seems he/she has actually got the picture here, compared with you. You are just a karma whore, who couldn't give two fucks about the thought that goes into your comment, rather you can shove your head so far up other reddittors asses that you get karma. 
DustFlynn you should also learn some manner.
On a side note, the reason that wouldn't work man, is that it would cause major inflation due to the fact that you are essentially duplicating the money rather than taking the original out of existence, any method like that would have to be set up by the american government, because they will have to essentially destroy one value as they generate the other and i don't think they have any intention of doing so because it would add a whole new level of speculation to the USD, because they will be directly correlated. I mean your idea is great but unfortunately i don't think the US government would ever take that sort of a gamble hence the solidarity of the Bit-Coin is essentially here to stay. until at lest things like. the difficulty associated with encryption causes mining bitcoins to become unprofitable, especially with the introduction of Asic second gens, lol. but who knows whats going to happen. 
Plus i doubt the us gov. want to promote embezzling money the way bit-coins have promoted it, if they were to introduce a bit coin like currency, it would definitely take away some of the perks of bit-coins, like the "somewhat anonymity". It would essentially be a ultra fast wire transfer between people and who wants that. The best thing about bit coin is the fact that it runs independent of government and for a dollar/dollar value to be created it would be very difficult for it not to be government controlled and run.hence no point really. 
DustFlynn, great idea, the world needs thinkers, to show (to quote you) "narcissistic" pigs like butterflysammy, that the best ideas are the ones that were told wouldn't work in the beginning, e.g. Bill Gates saying the internet will never take off. and i don't care if everyone already thought of this idea already, if he thought of it independently or already knew it and was just discussing it, that doesn't mean the idea any less valuable, you'll just be committing a genetic fallacy by dismissing it. 
This is probably the last comment i will ever post, so ciao. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 13:55:54
I am not the know all of bitcoins, i was just using the same spelling, cause google chrome auto correct also told me it was right. Sue me dude. and to be honest i neither care what you have to say, i was just stating my opinion. It's your business what you do with your time.  maybe i was a bit hasty aswell, but all i was trying to say is, i agree very little thought went in to your original reply to the OP. So you shouldn't be surprised when people like him/her, get pissed on a somewhat serious subreddit, go talk trash on or something. 