@_author: 10a8s9a
@_date: 2019-10-14 19:35:10
Cognitive dissonance. Someone makes a prediction, they get it wrong, they explain it was "whales manipulation" and it makes them feel better: *of course their prediction was wrong, it was whales, no one can predict whales, they are doing manipulation and thats why i was caught off guard.* *it was "impossible to predict".*
The second part is people hate not understanding something, so they come up with stories. For example, we don't know what happens when we die, so we invented religion.
All we actually know with certainty is that the price went up.
@_date: 2019-08-12 20:50:44
Do you hear yourself? Name a single thing in the history of the world that didnt start out being worth 0. Nothing starts out being worth more than 0. When you make something, any currency, you are the first person who recognizes its value, no one else will. Most likely cavemen didnt value gold, it was worthless, so its value was 0. Now look at it. Ready to take back what you said yet? Everything starts at 0. Everything.
Dont reason yourself into believing what you want to believe.
@_date: 2019-08-13 22:29:15
Well look at the historical price of walmart during all the economic crisis'. The price still went down im pretty sure.
@_date: 2019-08-11 16:23:28
That's not how it works. At the halving, its not that the number of bitcoins in existence gets cut in half, it's that the rewards for the miners get cut in half. Rewards meaning the bitcoins theyre mining. At the moment of the halving, it suddenly becomes 2 times as hard to mine 1 bitcoin.
That's what's halving, basically the rate at which new bitcoins are created slows, probably roughly to half the speed it was prior to the halving, due to the reward for mining being cut in half.
So its a halving of the reward, or a doubling of the work, depending on how you want to look at it.
You might also be wondering "Who will process the transactions once all the bitcoin are mined?"
Even now, as you probably know, there are fees for moving bitcoin between wallet addresses. The miners facilitate this and "confirm the transactions" and they are rewarded with the fee. When all (21 million) bitcoins have been mined, the miners are still rewarded with the fee from the transactions.
@_date: 2019-10-20 22:00:39
understanding how to use something is different from understanding how something works. You can drive a car, but if your car broke down can you explain why? Thats understanding.
A steering wheel and a gas pedal is a user interface. You couldn't actually interface directly with the machine.
@_date: 2019-10-14 19:22:56
Regardless, the point is that someone who could afford gold should see the appeal in a type of gold that is weightless, and can be transported essentially as close to the speed of light that humans have currently reached. No one can search your vehicle and find it, or stop you at the border and take a cut, (to discourage you from taking resources out of the country) etc.
@_date: 2019-10-14 19:24:20
What do you mean? Are you referring to civil forfeiture?
@_date: 2019-10-14 19:10:53
I hope its not lost on you that you just described USD
@_date: 2019-10-14 19:25:31
The difference is 10000 times more bitcoin would be equally undetectable and inconspicuous. 10000 times more gold on the other hand... absolutely not. It would be much much more unwieldy and cumbersome.
@_date: 2019-10-20 21:56:17
selling beauty/healthcare products isnt inherently a scam, see duane read or rite aid.
The scam is MLM.
@_date: 2019-10-20 22:03:50
Good point actually, sorry, wasnt getting what you were saying. Yeah its hard to explain without sounding like a scam somewhat, thats a good point.
@_date: 2019-12-24 16:18:46
Thats a very short sighted view. Logically, at the inception of ANY currency, very few people are interested in accepting it in exchange for goods and services. USD was no different.
Also, think about it, with that mindset that you cant use it for anything, then it will become unusable. Its not by design that it cant be used to buy a car. Its because people like you and me arent interested in accepting it. All it takes is for people like you and me to accept it.
Meaning its in our hands. We can go with your way, and say "it will never work" and then it will never work. The same is true of USD. If enough people decided it would never work, USD would never have taken off. Think about it. Money is only useful as long as we allow it to be. Money is only valuable if we as a society agree that its valuable. If no one wants your money, its worthless, it doesnt matter how long you worked or what amazing thing you built. Money is a complicated thing and at first glance its often hard to understand how it works, no one understands it when they first look at it. People often cant see the elephant in the room.  Very few people think about how it works when it comes down to the actual nuts and bolts.
In the very unique case of the hong kong protestors, they could trade the btc for cash and then purchase whatever they needed. This prevents their funds from being frozen. Period. End of story.
(The hong kong protestors are probably not paying off car loans with their money) (Yes they need food, but still, youre forgetting that they can buy groceries with cash).
As time goes on, more people are likely to have their funds frozen. These people will also begin to stash alternative currencies. At a certain point there will be a sizeable group of people who see these alternative currencies are valuable (because their stash of conventional currencies has been frozen etc), these people will begin to trade amongst each other. You see where this is going right?
@_date: 2019-12-24 16:21:07
What's the conspiracy?
@_date: 2019-12-23 16:41:03
laundering is when you are trying to explain why you have some money
@_date: 2019-12-23 22:16:48
You think of it that way cause thats how its been your entire existence. But there was a time before this system existed, so logically there may be a time after. Think of the inception of any currency. No currency is stable on its first day. Think about it. Imagine the first day of USD. how would that ACTUALLY look?
Well, its novel, because at the beginning of USD, usd was probably actually contracts/certificates that represented gold that the bank was holding.
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:23:22
well this is specifically the bitcoin subreddit so that would partially explain the anomaly. Also most assets fluctuate in value, if you bought btc at 20k or 14k youd be down, but youd also find that 90% of the time of bitcoins existence so far, in history, it was much lower than that price, and had you bought then youd be up now.
Similarly currencies and the market fluctuate. You couldve easily been down on stocks too even if the overall trend since the formal inception of the modern stock market was that it was increasing in value.
Look at japan for example. The nikkei still has not recovered from the highs it reached in  1990 [
So actually your example is very anecdotal. Yes the US stock market is up and essentially making new highs every decade. And bitcoin is making new highs every 5 years.
And japans stock market is down and hasnt made new highs in 30 years. And altcoins are not doing as well as bitcoin either.
Hope you see the similarities. Its easy to say "the stock market is up" but actually youre talking about one stock market (The united states stock market). And its easy to say cryptocurrency is up, but actually were talking about one coin (bitcoin)
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:26:11
Imagine theres only $10 in the world. I have 3 you have 5 and timmy has 2.
Now imagine timmy figures out how to make new $. He makes 10 more $. Now were all half as rich. You see why right? Because things are valuable because of their scarcity-
a drop of water doesnt fetch a high price because its easy to get a drop of water (it literally falls from the sky).
Comparatively gold is valuable because it doesnt fall from the sky.
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:07:37
Same reason youd buy a car today if your money was inflationary. You want the car more than you want the money.
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:11:54
Same is true of USD. Both are only valuable if everyone agrees they are valuable. They're no different. 
If people stopped wanting USD tomorrow the value of USD would drop too. And, yes, if people stop wanting BTC the value would drop. Think about it. Its the same principle. The same mechanisms cause it to go up or down.
@_date: 2019-09-01 21:09:56
The point is there is some sort of "police" who have to decide whos telling the truth- thats a problem that bitcoin never has. You never go before a judge and try to convince them that you rightfully own the bitcoin that you do and risk losing it all to someone who maybe is a better speaker or a very cunning criminal who can convince the police that the coins actually belong to them and not you. Thats the problem. A system where anyone has more power than anyone else- in this case the person with more power is the one who decides whos right and wrong in terms of who gets to get their coins back and who gets coins taken from them- it is obviously a classic he said she said scenario. 
Imagine you sold some goods to a nice fellow and they give you some coins and then the fellow goes to the "ethereum police" and tell them that you hacked them. GG. Coins gone. There is no equivalent dilemma with bitcoin. Theres no police or judge who you have to state your case in front of and try to convince them youre telling the truth. Also, there is no opportunity for anyone to try to maliciously convince the judge that they were wrongfully separated from their coins when in reality they werent.
And sometimes both people will truly believe theyre in the right.
Youll sell someone a sandwhich, theyll say its so shitty that you must be a scam artist, youll say you disagree its a perfectly fine product for the price. Now the judge gets to decide who gets their way? I dont like that. Id rather have it be final. If the bitcoin is in your pocket, it belongs to you. If you press send on the transaction, thats it. its done.
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:14:02
Thats totally missing the point lol. The idea is that the amount you can get for 1 unit of either currency changes over the years in different ways. Dollars become more abundant over time, while bitcoins become less abundant.
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:30:03
hes referring to the idea that inflation is still occuring as long as theres still more bitcoin to be mined. But, right, the rate at which new bitcoin are mined essentially halves every 4 years, and, as you said, theres a cap. It sort of depends on how you define inflation. Is inflation when you increase the number of units in existence? or when the value of the units decreases? (im too lazy to look it up)
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:17:31
what happens when all the gold or diamonds get mined? Same question. Most people think gold becomes more valuable at that point.
Or are you asking how will the miners be paid, if theres nothing left to mine? The answer to that is interesting: you know the fees you pay on every bitcoin transaction (similar to the fees you pay on credit card transactions)?
Those fees go to the miners today and when all the bitcoin are mined theyll still go to the miners. Theyre being paid the fee to validate the transaction. This is all part of how bitcoin works and why one person cant pretend to own your bitcoins etc.