@_author: 11251442132
@_date: 2015-04-14 08:19:29
[Capitol Hill](
(Don't want to be annoying, but what the heck? Now you can say TIL to spell Capitol Hill.)
@_date: 2015-04-02 06:55:31
Yes. I was wondering the same thing. Brito's article is interesting, but I wonder what he'd say about that.
It does seem that there was other evidence against the agents, so perhaps they'd have been caught anyway, without the evidence from the blockchain?
@_date: 2015-04-03 06:32:40
Background: Align Commerce went through the [Boost VC]( start-up accelerator. 
[According to Coindesk]( CEO and co-founder Marwan Forzley previously founded a payment company whose customers included Sears and Tiger Direct; the company was sold to Western Union in 2011.
A list of investors that includes Barry Silbert's Bitcoin Opportunity Corp. and Pantera Capital can be found at [AngelList](
@_date: 2015-04-02 06:45:24
Not sure it would change his mind. [He's also concerned about the volatility and the irreversibility of transactions]( 
However, the volatility could diminish over time due to a number of factors, and consumer protections including reversible transactions based on multisig are already being developed (for example, by [Bitrated]( I wonder how much he knows about these issues.
@_date: 2015-09-10 06:48:47
Andreessen is actually mocking those who think blockchain technology is useful without bitcoin. See the picture he includes with the tweet.
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:23:41
Glad it helped! I appreciate your thoughts.
@_date: 2015-09-10 06:36:35
Check out a previous comment I made with links to [articles from Coin Center]( for arguments from Bitcoin advocates who support the legislation.
I think they're worth a read, especially to get a sense of what could happen if the legislation doesn't pass. As I recall, Coin Center argues that existing regulations would be applied instead, and that these would be much more onerous, as they are not tailored for cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-04-08 06:47:59
It seems that we're still far from a consensus on a standard for capitalization.  
Support for capital, lowercase distinction:
* [Blockchain.com]( as of December 29, 2014
* [bitcoin.org](
* [Bitcoin Wiki]( intro. page, last updated December 4, 2014
* [bitcoin.stackexchange]( as of January 21, 2014
Lowercase only:
* [WSJ]( since February 2014
* [Coindesk]( based on a cursory search of recent articles
Uppercase only:
* [New York Times](
No style guidelines (dependent on author):
* [The Guardian]( (Uppercase only)
* [The Guardian]( (Lowercase only)
Note that capitalization of words for new technologies isn't unusual, historically speaking ([in the 19th century, "phonograph" was capitalized; now it's not](
Edit: formatting; removed reference to a Wikipedia article
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:18:31
Sure! Glad to know you found it helpful.
@_date: 2015-09-05 07:24:32


Source: [El Nuevo Día](
My translation:  
PayPal clarified that, beginning in November, clients in Puerto Rico will not be able to send money to friends or relatives, whether they're in Puerto Rico or abroad, through the services of PayPal or Venmo. This includes billing services, large payments, and receipt of payments. However, PayPal clarified that clients will be able to continue using both platforms to pay for goods or services and to receive commercial payments online through websites and apps.
@_date: 2015-04-02 07:46:29
Yeah, there are a lot of issues with that paragraph. It might be worth clarifying another major issue: the presumption that the coins were lost due to outside hacking. There seems to be no clear indication of this (perhaps the coins were lost, or they were seized by a government, or there was an inside job, etc.).
There are other issues too, but to be fair, it's probably nearly impossible to write an accurate article about Bitcoin without spending a LOT of time learning about it first. Most publications don't yet have writers tasked exclusively with a Bitcoin beat, but media coverage seems to be getting incrementally more accurate nonetheless. His explanation of mining is almost surely an improvement over earlier attempts by other journalists.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:11:37
Sounds like you're saying gold makes other technologies possible. Of the qualities that differentiate bitcoin and gold, that does not strike me as one of them (although, perhaps you're not implying it is).
Bitcoin, as a currency, makes the blockchain possible, and the blockchain has untold applications.
[Gil Luria's analogy]( which seems relevant here, is an interesting one:
Bitcoin:blockchain :: gasoline:combustion engine.
Demand for cars is high, and that indirectly drives the price of gasoline.
The question, then, is whether the value of applications driven by bitcoin is greater than that of applications driven by gold. Bitcoin enthusiasts would probably say there's no contest, but of course, we have to wait and see.
What do you all think?
@_date: 2015-04-16 11:27:25
I respectfully disagree with your interpretation; you have to read for context. The point made by the article is that the blockchain *can* drive change by allowing *trusted transactions* to take place over a decentralized network.
From the article:


The author continues


@_date: 2015-04-01 08:22:28
Silk Road was a black-market site, and its creator was recently [found guilty of cybercrimes](
Two federal agents (one DEA and the other Secret Service) who were investigating Silk Road [have recently been charged with money laundering and wire fraud]( 
The same two agents appear to have been involved in the seizure of assets from the now defunct Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox. 
On May 9, 2013, one of the two agents (Shaun W. Bridges) [appears to have signed a warrant to seize funds from Mt. Gox](
On May 14, the same day that another warrant was issued to seize more of Mt. Gox's assets, the other agent (Carl Mark Force IV) seems to have sent a message to then Gox CEO Karpeles (that [indicates he *might* have been involved with the issuance of the warrant](
 
These events have dredged up old speculation about the cause of the missing Mt. Gox coins (650,000 bitcoins, roughly 5 % of all bitcoins mined to date and currently worth roughly 160 million USD, [disappeared from Mt. Gox in early 2014]( Evidently, it is not publicly known whether or not the 650,000 coins were simply lost forever (AFAIK this has not been ruled out), or whether portions are controlled by unknown parties.
There was [speculation](
 on Reddit about a year ago, as pointed out by , that the disappearance of a large portion of Mt. Gox's funds was due to seizure by the U.S. government, which had apparently learned of the flow of funds from Gox to Silk Road, and that Karpeles could not disclose the reason for the missing funds due to a gag order aimed at preventing the Silk Road investigation from being undermined. 
Other proposed explanations of the missing Gox coins involve an [inside job and possibly fraudulent trading bots](
Corrections are welcome. Edit: formatting, typo.
@_date: 2015-11-20 05:29:02
Very interesting. At first glance, this looks to be one of the most promising companies I've heard about in a long time. Thanks for the post.




Emphasis mine.
Edit: added quote.
@_date: 2015-03-17 04:25:06
That's quite a find! For those who aren't familiar with form 10-K, the page below explains it succinctly, as well as providing a link to a database where you can search for 10-K forms from other companies.  
@_date: 2015-11-21 00:45:40
According to my understanding, Align Commerce is designed for B2B payments, whereas Abra is designed for P2P payments. I'd love to see some discussion of the differing logistical requirements for these models.
@_date: 2015-11-06 07:24:46
You mentioned in a separate comment that this sentence has since been edited, but it's also immediately followed by a quote that provides context. Maybe the quote is new, too?




@_date: 2015-11-26 10:47:42
Very interesting. 




With [Abra]( tackling P2P remittances, [Align Commerce]( working on cross-border B2B payments for small businesses, and now Visa Europe testing the bitcoin blockchain for remittances, it looks like the remittance industry may be one of bitcoin's most significant early use cases after all.
@_date: 2015-03-22 04:23:46
I'm also interested to see more discussions on fungibility and privacy. 
With the blockchain being so transparent, it's not just criminality that needs to be addressed. For example, large companies have reasons to keep their practices private (new technologies such as threshold signatures might help them keep certain practices private). 
It seems very difficult to predict how all of this will play out, given the evolving nature of the technology. 
FWIW, [Juniper Research]( seems to think criminal use is one of the main issues that could retard the rate of adoption. Nonetheless, they do project that adoption will more than triple by 2019.
Of course, such projections should be taken with a grain of salt. AFAIK, they may not even be aware of mixing technologies (evidently, one has to pay to access their whitepaper).
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:51:11
There is one, sort of. According to the WSJ's BitBeat,
[a consortium of bitcoin insiders, including the Bitcoin Foundation, BitFury, BitGo and Tally Capital, hired avante garde ad agency TheAudience to rebuild the currency’s reputation among the general public.](
@_date: 2015-03-27 05:42:18
Haven't heard that definition (indelible/permanent) of intrinsic. Also can't find that definition in the [dictionary]( 
For example, one wouldn't normally call a tattoo intrinsic (in many ways it's the opposite of intrinsic, being an unnatural external marking), but most would describe a tattoo as permanent (I know, there's laser removal, etc., but hopefully the idea is clear enough). 
No biggie, but I can see some people reading this and getting the wrong idea ... although I guess if enough people started to use the word this way, your meaning might become accepted!
Edit: added tattoo example.
@_date: 2015-03-14 10:22:12
**Synopsis of Events**
Allegedly, a company called Chainalysis is running a sybil attack on the network. This is a type of attack on a P2P network in which an entity pretends to be hundreds of nodes or more (the name is a reference to the book Sybil, which is about someone with dissociative identity disorder).
In this case, Chainalysis is using their nodes to discern IP addresses. The company offers regulatory compliance services to financial institutions, but the CEO says the IP addresses they're gathering are not used in their regulatory compliance offerings.
**There are two main concerns:**  
1. the possible threat to fungibility, and 
2. the disruption to the network. 
Chainalysis has apparently caused denial of service problems for some wallets, since their nodes evidently do not relay transactions.
**Countermeasures are being discussed.**  
[Article from Inside Bitcoins]
[Comment Thread on Possible Countermeasures]
*Corrections are welcome.*  
Edit: formatting, wording
@_date: 2015-10-23 05:55:47
Opposing perspective:
* [WSJ](
* [Coin Center](
* [Gavin Andresen](
@_date: 2015-02-12 07:37:09
Yeah, they also misspelled Gavin's name in the graphic (it's Andresen, not Anderson). It was probably compiled by a nonexpert, not by Casares. 
The interview is interesting, though, especially the part about cell phones taking off in the developed world because access to them isn't limited to those with good credit (they can be prepaid), whereas land lines don't work that way. Seems to make sense.
@_date: 2015-03-05 09:26:27
The probabilities add to one, but they don't have to be equal (could be .001 and .999 for example). 
One standard approach to probability (the frequentist approach) is to think of it as a long-run relative frequency. If you tee off 1000 times, you wouldn't expect to make 500 holes-in-one! 
This isn't just an academic exercise. The entire insurance industry exists because of these ideas. Casinos too. At a casino, the house loses sometimes, but it wins in the long-run.
By the way, even for pro golfers, the [odds of a hole-in-one are about 2500 to 1]( Apparently, there is even such a thing as hole-in-one insurance that is based on these probabilities! If you offer a new car to whomever makes a hole-in-one, you might need it.
Hope that makes sense!
@_date: 2015-02-12 06:13:27
Nice link to Andreas's talk. Below is a link to the time where he starts talking about reversibility.
[  
My understanding is that reversible transactions *do not require changes to the protocol*. Andreas's point is that the innovation can happen at the edges without having to change the underlying core. In the case of reversible transactions, these can be simulated via multisig transactions that are already part of the protocol.   
Here's how Andreas puts it: "Irreversibility is a feature that derives directly from the hard core of trust...from this hard core of trust you can then add layers of innovation that soften that...Actually, making reversible transactions in Bitcoin isn't difficult."  
It's similar, perhaps, to how Skype was developed rather quickly once bandwidth became good enough. [Bell labs developed a video phone as far back as 1956]( but it never took off. It required specialized, bulky equipment and was therefore expensive. Skype is cheap because it makes use of infrastructure and hardware to which people already have access.   
Similarly, features can be added to Bitcoin without requiring additional infrastructure, or even changes to the protocol. They can also be added by anyone, since the technology is open source. 
Of course, some fundamental features do require changes to the protocol, and that requires care. However, applications do not require a change to the protocol, and that's what accelerates innovation.  
@_date: 2015-02-05 10:03:41
This article was helpful. Not sure why this post hasn't received more attention. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 05:24:14
With Bitcoin, people don't need to "walk around with banks," but I agree that those who do are running a risk.  
I imagine people will learn not to secure a large number of bitcoins with a phone they carry on their person, in the same way that people usually don't walk around with ten or twenty hundred dollar bills in their wallet.
It's also important to keep in mind, I think, that encrypted wallets and wallet backups aren't perfect solutions. A mugger could force you to send the coins to an address they control. 
Of course, even if you only secure a small amount with a mobile wallet, it would still make sense to choose a very public place and to use a service that supports buyer/seller reputations.
@_date: 2015-02-07 05:45:48
Yeah, the lack of a centralized project directory is intentional. According to Hearn, "[Lighthouse is really only about moving money around...](
I think the idea is that project galleries will be decentralized too, in that various third-party websites will eventually compete to create the most useful galleries.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:28:00
The panel includes the director of FINCEN, the executive director of the Bitcoin Foundation, and the senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, and a couple others. You don't think they qualify as experts? Perhaps they're not all experts on bitcoin specifically, but they're major players. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 02:32:47
Consider the following quote from the now notorious 1995 Newsweek article arguing against the utility of the internet:
"So how come my local mall does more business in an afternoon than the entire Internet handles in a month?"
You know how that story turned out. As with the internet, bitcoins will require a more fully developed infrastructure before achieving widespread adoption. 
People worldwide are investing time and money on developing this infrastructure. Take a look at the $25 million raised in series B funding by Coinbase, which is specifically geared toward making bitcoin easier to use. 
None of us has a crystal ball, but it's fair to say that mainstream usage will require more time, don't you think?   
@_date: 2013-11-07 06:19:33
Perhaps someone has already observed this, but I think Weisenthal is under the impression that fiat is derived from a word meaning "faith."
He writes "Bitcoin? ... If people lose FAITH in it, it's over. Bitcoin is fiat currency in the most literal sense of the word."
(Caps are mine.)
In fact, the so-called literal meaning of fiat is "let it be done," from the Latin. See 
We all make mistakes, but it's just so tempting to point them out when someone makes such bold claims. He got us to read his article and post a zillion comments about it, though, didn't he?  
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:43:19
You might be right about the funding of such companies not being sufficient.
I didn't mean to imply that companies like Coinbase are sufficient for mainstream usage; I was arguing that a more complete infrastracture seems necessary, and I meant for Coinbase to be an example of how Bitcoin's infrastructure is growing.
Also, I wasn't arguing that Bitcoin's usefulness is on par with that of the internet.  
My point was that people have used a technology's level of adoption at an early stage as an indicator of its future usefulness before, and they've been wrong. Bitcoin may not be ready for prime time (e.g. it might not be as user friendly now as it could be, but that could change). Also, there may still be a lot of confusion about it among the public, but that doesn't mean it won't be useful in the future. 
Thanks for replying. I'm enjoying the discussion!
P.s. My username consists of the first seven Catalan numbers (it's a sequence of numbers that comes up a lot in combinatorics). Super geeky, I know, but I figured the Fibonacci sequence would already be taken!
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:39:28
I think you should be able to just click the "listen" link at the top left of the page at the address below.
@_date: 2015-06-16 10:23:55
From the article...


Really? There's no recourse for those who lose their phones? I get that people without access to traditional banking might not have a better option, but isn't this kind of a big problem? 
@_date: 2015-06-06 04:52:33
Yep. Based on the .0007 BTC figure, I figured this was either old, or from the future.
@_date: 2015-06-15 08:24:52
Yes. And there's a second serious flaw.
Flaw 1: As you say, the blockchain is a record of all transactions ever made, not merely a record of accounts and balances. The resulting transparency is pretty fundamental. However, working down versus working across is just a matter of convention, no? (Letting rows represent addresses and columns represent transactions would provide the same information, even if that format is less common.) 
Flaw 2: It's not true that there are "12 million rows — one for each person who owns bitcoin." With bitcoin, people do not each have one address! Often, one person (or other entity) will use a different address for each transaction. This distinguishes wallets from traditional accounts: a wallet manages holdings tied to many addresses.
Perhaps that's all too technical for a brief TechCrunch article, but the way it's currently written certainly seems misleading.
@_date: 2015-06-25 05:53:23
I thought the same thing, but I'm no expert.
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:58:14
How has this not received more upvotes? 
*IMPRESSIONS*  
We've seen a lot of adoption by large merchants at this point, but so far these experiments have not had a huge impact for these merchants in terms of revenue (based on my recollection of reports from Overstock, for example).
ChangeTip, I think (but could be wrong), has yet to catch on in a big way outside of r/bitcoin (e.g. on YouTube).
Taringa's results, while preliminary, might represent the biggest such success we've seen (although I'd like more details on the numbers cited by CoinDesk).
*XAPO*  
Xapo seems to be gaining steam, with the announcement of its [new advisory board]( and now this.
*DATA*  
If anyone wants to take the time to look up actual data to support or contradict my impressions, I'd be all ears (eyes?).
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:33:22




It seems that the idea to accept bitcoin originated with a partnership between [Open Road Films]( (the film distributor behind Dope), MovieTickets.com and GoCoin, but I'm not sure if Dope is actually the first movie to accept bitcoin for ticket purchases. Movietickets.com seems to have enabled the functionality for many movies simultaneously.
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:21:36
This is sarcasm, right? If you give up your username and password, you're back to "one factor" authentication. This seems like a very bad idea. See this [Anatomy of a Hack]( for an idea of what a determined attacker can do.
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:23:57
I'm certainly not an expert in typography, but if you do a little research, you should find that two spaces after a period was standard practice for a long time and only became rare relatively recently (in the 1980s, according to some accounts).
A lot of people who learned to type on a typewriter, for example, probably learned to use two spaces after a period.
Reddit users, on the other hand, tend to be roughly 25-34 years of age. Most of them probably never learned to use two spaces, or else they adopted the more modern convention once typewriters fell into disuse as the habit would have been less ingrained for them (just speculating).
Consider the quotes and resources below, for example.
"...the double spacing convention 'as a standard operating procedure ... went out with the IBM Selectric.'"
"According to Google Ad Planner's estimate, as of May 2013, the median Reddit user is ... 25–34 years of age."
Please correct me if I've made a mistake!
@_date: 2014-08-03 06:47:04
@_date: 2014-09-08 05:18:12
I wondered the same thing. Bitcoin does face risks, but the article seems to identify mostly the wrong ones. Still, let's entertain these ideas for a moment. Is there any way these purported risks might be plausible?
PRIVATE KEY STORAGE  
The private keys for the Winklevoss ETF wouldn't be kept in hot wallets, would they? Assuming they're kept offline, how would hackers access them? There would be some risk of physical theft, and I doubt the Winklevoss twins are going to the same lengths as Xapo to protect their private keys, but would hacking be a risk?
BOTNET ATTACK  
Also, can anyone elaborate on a plausible scenario in which a botnet would manage to hijack the entire Bitcoin network? A mining pool with too much power could do it, but I wouldn't call that a botnet. Perhaps if a mining pool became too powerful AND its miners were all hacked?
@_date: 2014-07-07 01:02:16


I think you mean a .0001 BTC fee, which is approximately 6 cents at current prices. Also, 6 cents can be prohibitive, if we're talking about really small micropayments, like those that might be used to deter spammers.
However, people are working on making REALLY small payments (fractions of a cent) into a reality by finding a way to enable such transactions without a 6 cent fee (see my comment below for links to further reading on this). This would have big implications.
@_date: 2014-08-07 05:02:53
Amendment: I just saw this [reddit post]( It seems that Kenya now has its own version of Coinbase: [BitX]( This company is starting out by launching [operations in 12 countries](
@_date: 2014-03-13 07:37:18
@_date: 2014-07-08 01:21:14
Sure, this is a great place to ask questions, and you've asked a very good one. There's a short answer and a long answer. In order to make these comments easier to navigate, I've answered your question in a separate [post]( 
@_date: 2014-07-08 20:42:53
Thanks for your input. It's certainly helpful to be concise, but your proposed scenario seems unlikely, unless you can elaborate. 
Let's say the reward goes down, miners leave, and the difficulty drops. Wouldn't many miners with more sophisticated rigs stay in the game? There'd be less computing power overall, but it seems that those mining from personal computers would still lose out to the big rigs.
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:39:14
Thanks for this contribution!
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:19:41
Don't you think you're overlooking the IRS ruling and possible developments in China? 
My understanding of the IRS ruling is superficial at this point, but it sounds as though Stripe might not have a compelling reason to support Bitcoin if no one in the U.S. wants to use it as a currency due to burdensome tax reporting obligations.
Am I wrong?
@_date: 2014-01-01 03:04:33
Well put. That part of his argument stood out to me as well. 
At least the history was interesting, if not applicable in the way the author claims it to be.
So, the similarity between Bitcoin and the private currencies of old does not appear to be as great as the author argues, but his argument does have another component that might be worth discussing. 
He argues that "Anyone who thinks that Bitcoin will triumph has to believe that it will succeed where earlier generations of private currencies failed -- that Bitcoin will, improbably, manage to overthrow more than [a] century’s worth of accumulated state power, jealously guarded and ruthlessly enforced."
His assumption is that overthrowing this accumulated power is necessary for Bitcoin's success. Perhaps the private currencies he describes could not coexist with fiat currencies, but if we accept the premise that Bitcoin is fundamentally different than these, could Bitcoin? Is it not conceivable that Bitcoin could exist alongside the dollar as a store of value like gold or silver, as an international remittance mechanism, or as a payment method in e-commerce? 
What do you guys and gals think? 
@_date: 2014-07-06 06:13:01
Thanks for your feedback! The great thing about Reddit is that people will give you honest criticisms, like the one quoted below.


However, I did specifically write that (emphasis added)


You also say that


However, I did write that 


I think I made it clear that there are currently dangers and that some of the dangers will be mitigated over time. I made no claim of being exhaustive, and in any case, most of the threats you mention fall under the categories I laid out, namely "trying to secure coins yourself when you aren't knowledgeable" and "using disreputable third parties" (implied). My sense is that anything more is too much detail for a non-technical overview.
Anyway, thanks again!
@_date: 2014-12-17 10:53:20
Isaacson wrote an article for Time with the title ["How Bitcoin Could Save Journalism and the Arts"]( that didn't get much attention on r/bitcoin. 
Take a look if you want to see more of what he has to say.
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:21:51
THE COMPETITION  
Good idea! I like your idea of encouraging understanding via a competition, but I suggest one change. I think the explanation needs to be tailored to the audience. Perhaps the competition could have multiple parts. 
We might start by assuming a certain level of technological and financial literacy (e.g. we might assume an audience that is familiar with e-mail and online credit card transactions).
Then, for those with the specified level of literacy, we could compete for the best explanation in various categories, such as the ones below.
* best brief overview, for those wishing to know what Bitcoin is, and the benefits over current payment technologies (250 words or less); 
* best non-technical introduction, for those who wish for a deeper understanding that will help them make sense of the news headlines, including what Bitcoin is, Bitcoin's promise and drawbacks, and the factors influencing its success (3000 words or less)
* best technical introduction, for those that find the whitepaper too difficult but wish for a better understanding of how Bitcoin works "under the hood" (3000 words or less);  
We could also have similar competitions for videos, where the length limitations would be stipulated in minutes rather than words.
So, perhaps the first stage would be to decide on the parameters of the competition.
AN EARLY SUBMISSION  
I've already written a [non-technical Bitcoin primer](
This introduction best fits the second category above (the non-technical introduction of 3000 words or less), although it might be a little over the length requirement.
Almost all of the primer is still current, but I need to do a little updating. Suggestions are welcome. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 04:36:02
Disclaimer: I've only read a couple of articles on sidechains and anything written below could be wrong. If so, please say so, so that we can all learn! Still, I think the idea's exciting, so I thought I'd post my current understanding of the potential implications (assuming the proponents' claims are true).
Sidechains provide a truly permissionless way to innovate on top of the blockchain, without requiring the consensus of the core developers (or anyone else), and without risking the security of the main blockchain. A truly separate applications layer would be huge, I think, as it greatly speeds the pace of innovation. That's one of the main features setting the internet apart from pre-Internet telecommunications networks, for example, and it would allow Bitcoin to fully realize its potential as the "Internet of Money," as it has been called.  
This would allow for the development of new features without requiring that a completely separate currency (various altcoins) or platform (e.g. ethereum) be created. Bitcoins on sidechains that support additional features could be transferred to and from the main blockchain. 
What's more, they purportedly would make it easier to scale Bitcoin without threatening the main block chain. 
For example, one could transfer some bitcoins to a sidechain specialized for micropayments (or one specialized for another type of high volume transaction network) to make small purchases and keep the rest on the main blockchain (e.g. in cold storage). So, instead of doing off-blockchain transactions due to current rate limitations, companies like Coinbase could use a sidechain that could be more easily audited. This would decrease reliance on trust, making bitcoins less likely to disappear due to theft.  
Not only would this simplify the cryptocurrency ecosystem, but crucially, the features would all be accessible to the growing Bitcoin network. That way, any new Bitcoin ventures could take advantage of the existing network of Bitcoin users and miners, and bitcoins themselves would be more valuable (if you can transfer coins to other sidechains with new features whenever you want, then your coins have added value).  
Rather than diluting the market with a vast number of coins of various types, and requiring users to switch from one currency (and payment network) to the next to avail themselves of new features, there would be one main network with at most 21 million coins.
It seems that some of the core developers are against the idea, because they want to keep doing everything through the main blockchain, but unless I'm missing something (which is very possible), they seem to be badly missing the point. It takes a significant amount of time for them to make major changes for fear of introducing bugs, and what's more, there is a limited group of people who (as I understand it) must reach a consensus before adding new features (is this right?).
If this is right, then that centralization seems to go against the basic premise of Bitcoin and would seem to make it less relevant going forward. Either they're blindly stuck in their ways, or they're blind with power, wanting to maintain their control over the protocol. In truth, though, it could be that they're just being prudently cautious. Discussion is healthy.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:36:13
See my earlier [reply]( to a similar question.
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:54:47
Thanks a lot! I was hoping someone would actually provide a thoughtful response but didn't really expect one. You delivered! 
I'm sending your reply to a friend, as I think it's well considered. I'll probably read it over again myself.
I'm left wondering why Andreas Antonopoulos seemed so upset in a [video]( interview just after the IRS ruling. 
I'm not putting too much weight on this, since it seemed to have been a bit of a knee-jerk reaction, which most of us are susceptible to from time to time! Still, he's a knowledgeable guy, so it's worth considering his comments. 
I'm not convinced by his argument that bitcoin should not be taxed when used as a currency; his argument seems to be that other currencies are not subject to such a tax, and he uses euros and (the pound) sterling as an example. However, these currencies are not inherently digital (making accounting more burdensome) and are not deflationary by design, as bitcoins are. No one will be buying a Tesla with the 100 euros they purchased a few years ago.
In short, Bitcoin provides a fundamentally new kind of asset, so it doesn't seem entirely reasonable to expect bitcoins to be treated in the same way as existing currencies by tax collecting bodies (even when used as a currency rather than an investment).
Regarding the extra accounting burden, maybe Antonopoulos was focusing on the short-term, before software could be developed to handle that. As far as I know, he may have even modified his position since this interview.
Anyway, thanks again!
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:52:18
See my earlier [reply]( to a similar question.
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:30:53
While we're listing the positives, don't forget about developer hours. I recently read that [Bitcoin related Github repositories have been growing exponentially over the last year]( That's an important indicator too.
@_date: 2014-01-04 01:19:53
Does your bank support online payments to a recipient in another country? Right now, international payments are expensive, aren't they? Bitcoin is global, and transaction fees are low, so it has potential to disrupt the international remittance market. 
Here it is from the horse's mouth:
"We believe Bitcoin could become a major means of payment for e-commerce and may emerge as a serious competitor to traditional money-transfer providers."
This is taken from an assessment of Bitcoin put out by Bank of America Merrill Lynch. See 
Also, there is a huge percentage of people who don't have access to bank accounts. From the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation:
"Estimates indicate that 2.9 billion adults, or half the world’s adult population, are unbanked, and 2.7 billion of them, or 90 percent, are from low- and middle-income countries. Household surveys in developing countries consistently find very few have a bank account, often less than 20 percent of households."
From what I understand, with cell phone adoption increasing in developing countries, apps are being designed for such areas to allow people to send bitcoins through their phones more cheaply than is currently possible with traditional money transfer providers (e.g. to family members living in another country). Kenya seems to be receiving the most attention currently.
See 
Volatility is another issue that does warrant discussion, and it has probably already been discussed a ton on r/Bitcoin and elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-07-05 12:54:27
Hi there!
I just posted a Bitcoin primer that answers your questions, and I think it'll help you get started. It's divided into two parts.
[Part 1]( is here.  
[Part 2]( is here.
@_date: 2014-11-14 07:04:30
OP: I wrote a paper with basically the exact aim as your proposed book and posted an [early draft]( here on r/bitcoin in July. 
"What's the Big Deal?" is actually the headline of the first section of my post.
Just this week, I updated and improved the paper, and I gave a slide presentation on it for the University of Colorado Bitcoin Club. The current paper is roughly 3500 words.
Improvements include a mention of multisignature transactions in the context of consumer protections, as well as additional historical context for the double spending problem. I also cleaned up the presentation.
I haven't had a chance to read your articles yet, but I wrote mine because I had identified the same need that you did. If you'd like to see my latest draft, let me know.
@_date: 2014-07-07 00:59:38
All of this skepticism is great. Thanks for asking. Maybe this will help.
We don't yet know how Bitcoin might evolve to accommodate micropayments on a more wide-spread basis, but we can talk about existing micropayments.
For an example of how micropayments do use the blockchain, see [this blog article]( at Coinbase. The transactions happen off the blockchain until they accumulate to a more significant amount, at which point they are recorded on the main blockchain. Without the main blockchain, these transactions would not be publicly visible, even after adding up to significant amounts.
Also, let's not forget that the off-blockchain transactions are still transfers of bitcoins, they're just not recorded on the blockchain.
It also seems that ["code to enable micropayments is being actively developed by core bitcoin developers (see Jeff Garzik’s  for the more technically adventurous)"](
So, we could see changes to the core protocol as well. This is more speculative and probably not fit for a Wikipedia article, but we could see the sidechain idea implemented, allowing for Bitcoins to be transferred off of the main blockchain to another chain optimized for micropayments. 
Another concrete example is that bitcoin startups have already formed that aim to specialize in micropayments, such as BitWall and Coinlock; Bitwall was already used by the Chicago-Sun Times in a 24-hour experiment, during which they received micropayments (as low as one cent).
Below are some other resources on Bitcoin and microtransactions.
* [Fortune article](
* [Coindesk article](
* [Wall Street Journal article](
* [Andreessen talks about micropayments]( (I read the articles, but haven't watched this one yet.)
* [There was also a discussion on the likelihood of microtransactions a few months ago on Reddit.](
Edit: formatting
@_date: 2014-07-06 05:27:30
Thank you for your feedback! Yeah, Bitcoin will take a while for people to wrap their heads around; it really represents a paradigm shift. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 05:55:29
Sure! No problem.
@_date: 2014-10-15 06:30:47
I don't think he actually said this, did he?
@_date: 2014-07-10 06:27:07
Perhaps this has been pointed out, but it bears repeating: *the title of this post is very misleading,* whether this was intentional or not.
The article is primarily about the ways in which the Mellon family has managed to continually grow its wealth over a 175 year period. Bitcoin has been around for about 5.5 years and is not the answer to the question "How'd They Do It?"
The "solution" Matthew Mellon refers to is not the solution to the article's title question, as the title of this post suggests; it's his personal answer (not the family's answer) to what he sees as a growing level of secrecy in the U.S. system of government.
The article's authors Brown and Morrell are very explicit about the answer to the article's title question.


They go on to explain that the family placed few other restrictions on how it would grow its wealth, with its mantra being that "“Intuition is the number one tool in the toolbox.” Elaborating on their secret to success, they write


The article even goes so far as to describe Matthew Mellon, the one who has invested in Bitcoin, as a "flaky heir." 
However, it does end by putting Bitcoin in a positive light, suggesting that the Mellon family's perception of Matthew's business acumen has grown more positive since he's gotten into Bitcoin, citing Matthew's recollection of a family adviser confiding in him that he's "on to something really huge."
(Sorry to be harsh.)
@_date: 2014-08-04 06:58:15
BYZANTINE GENERALS PROBLEM  
Good point about the Byzantine Generals problem. Mentioning it by name is often more than people want to know. 
That said, I think value can be added by mentioning the problem indirectly, although this depends on who your audience is.
For example, it might be better to allude to it by saying "Bitcoin has solved a very difficult problem in computer science, which allows it to  prevent digital money from being copied." This could help to dispel some suspicion (for example, that it's just a scam, or for those who are more knowledgeable, that it might fail because it has been tried before without success).
IRREVERSIBLE PAYMENTS  
For now, it might be best to leave point (3) as is, so new users don't have a false impression that they'll getting their money back if something goes wrong. 
At the same time, those concerned with consumer protections could be needlessly put off by point 3). At some point, explanations will probably need to incorporate multisig; they may not be widely used yet, but multisignature transactions are already in the protocol and do effectively allow for transactions to be reversed. 
See [this article]( by Vitalik Buterin.
MINING  
Also, I think the mining issue is relevant and can be explained simply. People naturally want to know where the money comes from, and they're naturally skeptical or confused about a form of money that no central body controls. "If Bitcoin isn't a company, who processes the transactions?" they might ask. You can say it's controlled and enforced by algorithms, but that's a bit abstract, and most people probably don't actually know what an algorithm is.  
To answer their questions, you can simply say the following:
Computers all over the world verify the transactions, and in return, the Bitcoin software rewards those who run these computers with newly minted bitcoins (in analogy with gold, they are actually said to be "mined," rather than "minted").
@_date: 2014-10-15 06:45:12
The scenario in which the banks switch to blockchain-based technologies was basically described by Andreas in his recent testimony to the Canadian senate. 
As I remember it, a skeptical senator asked if he really believed the banks would sort of roll over and allow Bitcoin to succeed (paraphrasing from memory). 
Andreas countered with an analogy to the telecommunications industry at the advent of the internet. Due to services such as Skype and Google Hangouts, companies like AT&amp;T have seen revenues from distance calls dwindle, but the companies adapted by embracing the new technology. Now they make money as internet service providers.
At a certain point, I think he also mentioned that some banks are already looking to implement their own blockchain-based technologies.
@_date: 2014-07-07 01:25:48
The Wikipedia article now mentions Bitcoin. Did that just happen, or did I somehow miss it when I first looked at the article?
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:09:45
Thanks. I knew I should have been more careful with that analogy! That analogy might understate the importance of Gox's alleged demise, but I think you might be moving too far in the other direction with your Google analogy. Google is the undisputed leader of search, with hardly any serious competition (correct me if I'm wrong). I don't think anyone in the relatively recent past would said this of Gox's position in the Bitcoin economy. 
Still, I think you're right. The bad press from this Gox incident and the negative effect on consumer trust will likely be pretty bad, at least for a while.
@_date: 2014-07-08 01:36:35
Thanks for the extra resource! I've outlined most of those arguments above, although there are some interesting new ideas in some of the comments you've linked to.
The main thing is that they're very speculative (as they must be), and I'm asking the community if they can find any errors in the reasoning that is used.
I'm also curious about other ideas that I haven't even mentioned in my outline.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:47:31
People such as Supernintendo Lawsky and his team, not to mention bloggers, might check this subreddit from time to time. 
Just so that the critics don't think all r/Bitcoin subscribers wear permanent rose-colored glasses, can we make it clear we're at least aware that this extra volatility could work against Bitcoin in the short term? It'll be an extra arrow in every critic's quiver, right? 
To further the discussion, maybe it's worthwhile to underscore for those critics the temporary nature of the current drivers of volatility, such as 
(1) the process of natural selection among Bitcoin related companies, and 
(2) the uncertain regulatory outlook in countries such as the U.S.
At least we might expect that the evolution of the industry and the refinement of regulations could lend some stability to Bitcoin in the future, rather than instability.
Now, critics, what say you? What are some other likely scenarios? I'd be interested, because let's admit, even if cryptocurrencies are here to stay, Bitcoin's future is uncertain (even if it's easier to guess than it was a year ago).
@_date: 2014-07-08 19:51:26
Thanks for the input! 
*I ought to have specified "fewer resources relative to their costs." I did not mean to imply with that sentence that only those in control of large mining operations would survive; however, I wasn't explicitly ruling that out either.*
In any case, your point is well taken, and I agree with your observation


*That's one of the most amazing things about Bitcoin mining. As far as I know, the rate at which new generations of mining technology have emerged is unprecedented in business technology*. See the Forbes article [Moore's Law on Steroids: World Computing Power for One Type of Calculation is Doubling Every Three Weeks]( Of course, if the trend described in the article has continued, then the technology it describes is already outdated!
It would then seem that those with more resources (in absolute, rather than relative terms) would have a significant advantage, as the fixed cost of a next generation machine could be a limiting factor for those with fewer resources (unless, perhaps, they rent space from a larger operation). The apparent upshot would seem to be a monopolization of the mining space; the mining would continue, which is the point of the argument I've outlined, but only at the risk of the network's security (due to the possibility of a 51% attack).
*That argument hinges on the following question. Do mining pools consist of miners using widely varying technologies? If so, does a miner using an outdated technology get compensated less than one using the lastest tech?*
*We're now getting into an important related issue (thanks for bringing it up!). If we assume that incentives for mining will continue to be sufficient to maintain the network, there is still the possibility a miner could become so powerful that it can trick the network for its own gain, at the expense of the network.* 
**The most commonly proposed solution seems to be that of decentralized mining pools, such as P2Pool. Would this solution work? I imagine that question easily warrants its own post...**
Edit: added question about the range of technology, and corresponding compensation, among miners in a mining pool.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:49:37
Basically, Mt. Gox was the first Bitcoin exchange and therefore one of the most well known. However, it has had a string of management problems, and it seems to have imploded, although we don't have an official statement from them yet.  
People who are new to the game might think that a major exchange going bust spells doom for Bitcoin. However, there are now other exchanges that have seen higher trade volumes than Gox, without the numerous problems. Also, Bitcoin is not a company and is not owned by any central authority. Instead, Bitcoin is a web-native protocol, meaning it's a way of sending payments that's built for the internet (unlike the traditional banking system). 
So, arguing that Bitcoin (a protocol that can be used to send payments) is doomed because Mt. Gox (one company built on the protocol) seems to have failed, is a bit like arguing that the Internet (based on a protocol for sending information) must have failed since Pets.com (one company from the .com boom) did. 
Therefore, the end of one company does not spell the end of Bitcoin (IMHO). However, people with assets held by Gox are afraid they won't be able to get their money back. Bitcoin is a little like the Wild West now, since regulators are still deciding how to handle this new technology, so this could be a cautionary tale for investors. Without assigning blame for what is currently going on, it's probably a good idea to research any exchanges or similar services before doing business with them. I think most would agree that there are companies these days with much better reputations than Gox.
From an investment standpoint, those of us who've been watching Bitcoin for a while expect that some people will panic, the price will drop for a short while, and then it'll start to rise again once people realize that Gox wasn't the only game in town. We've seen this type of thing happen multiple times by now (seemingly bad news, price drop, then price increase once people realize it's not so bad).
If I've made any errors (factual or otherwise), please let me know!
(Edit: Since this is an ELI5 request, I added that Bitcoin protocol can be used for payments, whereas the protocol of the internet (TCP/IP) is used to send data. I also included background to explain the Pets.com reference. Also explained that those with money in Gox might get burned.)
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:23:38
I used to be under the impression that accepting or sending money via Chase QuickPay might be relatively simple too, but I've found that it can be more of a hassle than that, especially for some. 
For example, I sent money to my mom to pay for some gifts, and I suggested I do it through Chase QuickPay rather than by sending a paper check. 
She's not super technologically savvy and doesn't bank with Chase, so setting up the account took some effort for her. Moreover, since it was a new account, I think it took days before her account was verified.
After all that, the next time I wanted to send her money, she said she'd prefer a paper check. I explained that she wouldn't have to go through the account verification process again, but to her the whole thing just seemed like a hassle.
Also, I know that whenever someone has paid me via Chase QuickPay, first I have to accept the payment, and then it takes time after that before the funds actually show up in my account.
Also, at least one of the parties needs to bank with Chase in order to use Chase QuickPay.
Please correct me if I'm wrong, or if you've had a different experience.
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:38:00
You mentioned how the influx of venture capital can have a big impact on Bitcoin, via additional developer hours. Developer hours do seem to be an important metric, so don't forget that one way to measure this is via the number of Bitcoin related GitHub repositories. These have been growing exponentially over the last year. See this [Ars Technica]( article.
Question: what do you think of the recent IRS ruling? Does this not seem like a significant setback for Bitcoin in the payments space? OP lists Stripe as a reason to be bullish about the price, but will Stripe have a reason to move forward with their testing if people are discouraged from making Bitcoin payments due to the additional tax burdens?
Many here seem to think this is not a significant issue. Can you make a compelling argument to that effect?
@_date: 2014-04-03 06:55:47
People can (and do) use fractions of bitcoins. That's why you can buy a cup of coffee with bitcoins, even when the price of one bitcoin is $1000.
However, when we talk about the price of bitcoins, we're generally talking about the U.S. dollar value of ONE WHOLE bitcoin.
So, if a bitcoin is worth $1000, then since there is never supposed to be more than 21 million bitcoins, then the total value of all bitcoins (the market capitalization, or market cap) could not be more than (21 million)*($1000)=21 billion dollars. 
To simplify things, suppose you own all the bitcoins that exist in the world, and you have no other assets. Then you will not be able to purchase anything valued at more than 21 billion dollars. So, the number big companies you could buy out would be limited, for example.
Does that help?
@_date: 2014-07-07 00:12:09
I'm not sure I understand your point. There is a whole slew of potential applications of micropayments, ranging from more effective business models for online newspapers to spam prevention.
There's a reason that companies like IBM had microtransaction divisions, beginning in the late 1990s, and that it's been a subject of research at Carnegie Mellon and the World Wide Web Consortium (evidently). 
@_date: 2014-08-02 07:13:41
Nice work. 
One noteworthy event you might add: the massive DDoS attack in early February, 2014 that exploited the transaction malleability bug. 
Mt. Gox, Bitstamp, and BTC-e all experienced a stoppage of trading due to this attack. Mt. Gox halted withdrawals first, on February 6, *evidently contributing to a sharp drop in BTC price*; the DDoS attack was detected on February 11, 2014.
Due to a host of problems at Mt. Gox, it may not be clear that the DDoS attack was primarily responsible for the problems they experienced on February 6th.
Nonetheless, the scope of the attack and Bitcoin's subsequent resilience make the event historically significant.
* [TechCrunch breaks news of halt in Gox bitcoin withdrawals on Feb. 6;](
* [Forbes on attack's effects on Gox and Bitstamp, transaction malleability, and price drop;](
* [CoinDesk on DDoS attack effect on BTC-e;](
* [CoinDesk on industry response.](
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:56:52
CHANGING PERSPECTIVE
I can understand how you would feel, in hindsight, that you had taken a big risk by investing in Bitcoin. A $400 drop on a $740 investment, in a little over a month, is enough to make most people nervous! In fact, it is true that Bitcoin is still a risk, and it's still a good idea to not invest more than you can afford to lose.
However, I think OP's point is that the price fluctuation in a five or six week window is not a good indicator of LONG-TERM success, and that the recent price drop and its underlying cause do not pose a significant risk for long-term investors. Moreover, as a long-term investment, Bitcoin is significantly less risky than it used to be.  
 
TO THE GROUND OR TO THE MOON
Why isn't such a large price drop worth fretting over? Is OP just being overly optimistic?
It's a fairly safe bet to assume that Bitcoin will likely continue to remain volatile over the next few years, as the technology itself is developed to accommodate more mainstream usage, the industry evolves (the fittest companies will survive, others will fail), and governments decide how they want to regulate it. 
It might help to think of it as a binary investment. In other words, there appear to be two likely scenarios. First, it could fail completely and the price could go to zero. Second, it could survive, and in that case, due to its enormous promise (see Promise of Bitcoin below), it would be a massive success. The price could go to over $100,000 per bitcoin. 
Either way, it will likely remain volatile over the next few years for the aforementioned reasons. Institutional investors, among others, realize this and will not sell all their coins when they see a price drop like this. They will likely look at underlying long-term factors and still see value in bitcoins. If people collectively believe bitcoins have value, then bitcoins do have value. If I think they're valuable, then I'll trade you my goods or serices for them, and having a medium of exchange is useful. 
So, it seems unlikely that short-term volatility alone will send the price to zero. Instead of worrying about $340 vs. $740, you might try thinking about $0 vs. $100,000. Are recent events, such as those in China, enough to send the value to $0? Bitcoin has proved resilient to such crashes in the past, and the underlying value proposition of Bitcoin has not changed dramatically, so probably not.
FACTORS TO CONSIDER
Instead, you'll probably be less stressed about your investment and will have a more accurate intuition if you consider long-term factors. 
I think this is what OP means by advising that you "focus on the playing field." Factors worth considering are the following.
(1) Adoption:
Does the Bitcoin protocol provide enough value to end users for them to start using it? 
(2) Robustness of the technology:
Will the technology survive hacker attacks? Will it be able to scale? For example, will it still work if the rate of global transactions increases?
(3) Competing technologies:
For example, will an altcoin come along that unseats the bitcoin as the leader of cryptocurrencies? 
(4) Regulation:
Will governments over-regulate or ban Bitcoin, and if so, will it be reduced to a black market currency, and for how long?
These are all risks, but the risk of failure due to each of these factors seems to have been decreasing over time, not increasing. 
You might think that the risk due to regulation has increased, due to recent uncertainties surrounding Bitcoin's future in China, and perhaps that we're seeing the effects in the recent price drop. However, many countries have taken an open approach, and as time passes while they're figuring out how to regulate it, their ability to control it would seem to decrease overall. 
PROMISE OF BITCOIN
This is a bit of a tangent, but it's important to keep in mind why it's worth discussing all of this to begin with. Bitcoin holds a lot of promise. This is one reason for the idea that if it succeeds, it will succeed in a big way. 
We have an increasingly global economy, but no truly global payment system. One reason Bitcoin holds such promise is that it's a possible solution to this problem, and it's the first payment system designed for the web that might actually work. 
The internet has revolutionized communication and information technology. Applications include e-mail instead of paper letters and search engines instead of card catalogs (I'm borrowing from this [post]( 
Bitcoin has the potential to do the same for payments. Here are some potential killer apps.
*It could make international payments much cheaper. This would be huge for people all over the world sending money to family in another country, for example, shaking up the international remittance market now dominated by players such as Western Union.
*It could provide a way for the unbanked - [roughly half of the world's adult population]( - to secure their money and store value. This is key for people who don't have access to a banking infrastructure or live in a country with a highly unstable or inflationary currency. 
*It could enable microtransactions, which could provide entirely new business models. Due to high transaction fees, it was previously infeasible for online newspapers to charge only a few cents per article; the transaction fees would exceed the payments. So, they have expensive subscriptions to the entire site, and most people never end up subscribing. With Bitcoin, paying a small fee per article could be a better model.
*As the industry grows, Bitcoin could enable a secure payment mechanism for mainstream consumers. Currently, people's coins do get stolen, but that's often because the number of applications that enable easy secure storage is currently small (people try to figure it out themselves these days and often make mistakes). 
The core idea, though, is that the private key is actually private. You don't have to give a merchant access to all of your funds just to make a single payment, but that's basically what you do when you give your credit card number to a merchant. The merchant might not abuse it, but many merchants store that information, and when their systems are hacked (e.g. the Target debacle), bad things ensue.
Does this change your perspective?
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:02:05
In a separate comment, I proposed that there be different categories for the competition. 
Yours would work for the category of "best technical introduction, for those that find the whitepaper too difficult but wish for a better understanding of how Bitcoin works 'under the hood' (3000 words or less)."
Perhaps 1500 words or less would be a better length requirement (or could be a separate category).  
Together with my [non-technical introduction]( we have two early submissions to two of the three categories I proposed, but it'd really help if the competition would also specify the assumed background of the audience for each category.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:31:50
I thought it might help, in case you were new to Bitcoin and stressed about the recent downturn, but I see that you've been around for a while. Thanks for the feedback!
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:18:49
Good question!
No one knows for sure whether or not the price will go up, but there's a simple reason why you would expect the price to increase if Bitcoin is increasingly used for payments: the supply of bitcoins has a fixed upper bound. This is very different from fiat currency, since governments can continue to print more money without bound.
Think of it this way. According to the Bitcoin protocol, there will never be more than 21 million bitcoins in circulation. If the total value of goods and services paid for in bitcoins over a certain time period were to grow to, say 2.1 trillion dollars (the U.S. GDP is about 17 trillion), then the average price per bitcoin would need to be at least ($2.1 trillion)/(21 million) =  $100,000.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:05:20
See my earlier [reply]( to a similar question. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:39:23
Right. I didn't see your comment before. In a separate comment, I suggested a few separate competitions to address the issue of diverse audiences.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:30:52
Keep in mind that there are services built on top of Stripe that might be able to support bitcoin payments as a result of this.
For example, this could mean that service-based businesses using FullSlate ( an integrated scheduling and billing application acquired by Intuit, will be able to accept bitcoins through their existing system. This might be true of competing applications as well.
I've been asking Full Slate if they'd consider integrating with Coinbase or Bitpay, but since they're already integrated with Stripe, this may not be necessary.
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:21:50
I didn't word that clearly, thanks! I'm going to update that.
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:22:40
Thanks. That was a helpful thread. 
That said, I'm aware of off-blockchain transcactions. One possibility not specified in that thread is that sidechains will become successful, and one of them will be optimized for micropayments. Now that the [100,000 prize]( has been awarded, perhaps the pace of development on the protocol will start to increase.
The main intent of my post is to encourage someone with Wikipedia editing skills to actually update that article so that it takes Bitcoin into account.
I've never edited Wikipedia, and at the moment, I don't have much time to do it myself. I guess that sounds lazy, but I do try to contribute when I can!
@_date: 2014-03-06 09:04:05
To be fair, isn't OptimistLib's point that people will use third party services, like Coinbase to Coinbase transactions, for SMALL day-to-day expenses? For that, it's not necessary to keep large sums with a third party.
For example, consider a real, physical wallet made of leather for storing paper money. Some people still use these to store small sums of money for day-to-day transactions but keep the rest in a more secure location. It's a trade-off: the money is more susceptible to loss while being stored in a wallet, but it's more accessible.
Would it not be reasonable for people to use a web wallet in a similar way?
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:37:01
Hmmm. You think so? I'm not necessarily a "fan" myself, in that I am not mindlessly trying to promote Bitcoin. While Bitcoin has a lot of potential advantages, it's not clear yet what all of the ramifications will be. I just think the technology will be important, and it's good to be informed.
Would someone interested in micropayments not be interested in new implementation efforts? The edit would not need to be one-sided; it could simply document current efforts.
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:50:35
Thanks for the additional info! 
@_date: 2014-07-06 05:45:18
That's an interesting point about looking at the merchant side of the equation, where you speculate that merchants will be more inclined to produce goods of value. I'll have to think about that.
Also, thanks for commenting on the long-term price. I only wrote about the short and medium term, to reduce the overall length of the post, but I'm glad you filled in the gap with your comment.
You're right, it's important to keep in mind that the price may very well level off eventually, depending on the goods and services that are being paid for.
@_date: 2014-07-08 20:22:12


Quoting myself here! Oh well.
Anyway, it seems that all of the existing payout methods to the individual miners depend in some way on the computing power of that miner. See [Comparison of mining pools](
Would this add extra incentive for miners with limited resources to rent a share of the computing power through a large operation, rather than by joining a decentralized pool? Or is this not the right question to ask?
@_date: 2014-03-12 03:09:14
Zeitlin writes [Besides the now bankrupt Japanese exchange Mt. Gox, the other two Bitcoin exchanges are based in Slovenia and Bulgaria.](
He seems to imply that there are currently only two operational bitcoin exchanges. Is this correct, and if so, what happened to CambBX? I read that CampBX had trouble with its bank. What about Bitfinex? A cursory Google search didn't reveal much.
@_date: 2015-05-26 03:55:27
Sure, but some are more likely to be scams than others, and it doesn't strike me as a bad idea to warn others of a site that appears particularly likely to be a scam.
Plus, people should be aware that bitcoin is not a company, contrary to what the CrunchBase profile indicates.
@_date: 2014-07-07 01:21:40
Thanks for your feedback. Did you know that there are existing companies that are aiming to solve the micropayment problem via Bitcoin (e.g. BitWall and Coinlock). The [Chicago-Sun Times used Bitwall to receive micropayments as low as one cent]( That's fact.
Does this change your view? I don't mean this rhetorically. I'm curious, because in some sense, these ventures are still speculative (they haven't achieved widespread adoption). 
However, if I were reading an article on micropayments, I personally would like to know that there are companies currently built around the idea of micropayments that have implemented them with a major media company.
Update: I think someone just edited Wikipedia! Bitcoin is now mentioned.
@_date: 2015-05-08 05:15:18
From the [NYT](




So, it appears that this banking trust charter would not be a good fit for a company such as Coinbase that does significant business with small investors. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 05:21:47
Thanks. I'm glad you liked it!
@_date: 2014-04-04 06:04:09
Yes, this helps. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-05-11 07:05:59
[Bitcoin 101 - A Million Killer Apps - Part 1 - Smart Contracts &amp; Bitcoin's Big Bang of Disruption](  
[Bitcoin 101 - A Million Killer Apps - Part 2 - Blockchains &amp; A Global Shared History ](
There are three planned installments, but I don't think the third part is out yet. The videos from James D'Angelo are generally quite popular around here. 
(The two videos above are still on my "Watch Later" list, but I've found some of his other videos to be informative.)
@_date: 2015-05-22 06:04:35
Thanks for your response! I didn't expect a whole lot of feedback on this, but I was hoping for a more in-depth discussion than I've seen previously.
It's fine to discuss semantics, too, but maybe for our present purposes, we can restrict the term "investment" to those assets that are intended mainly as a means for growing wealth, rather than as a medium of exchange. I think that might help us avoid confusion. 
@_date: 2015-05-01 05:49:05
Key quote:  


@_date: 2015-05-12 07:58:07
From the article (emphasis mine):


@_date: 2015-05-16 11:25:37
For those who want to go straight to the source, here's the original [New York Times article](
@_date: 2014-08-07 04:12:35
This was my initial thought, too, but after reading the Coinkite blog post, I'm not sure. 
It looks as though you first have to visit a web-based form that's used to create a voucher, and then a link to this voucher is sent via SMS to the payment recipient. So, both the sender and receiver need to have web access for the transaction to be completed? Would the non smart phones you refer to be able to support such transactions?
It's possible that the issue I raise will be rendered moot, soon enough. In Africa, Kenya seems to be the most likely early adopter of Bitcoin for international remittances, and apparently 67% of new phones bought in Kenya are smart phones. See [this article]( on BitPesa, which is evidently the company to watch. 
@_date: 2015-05-20 07:51:00
I think the key idea is this:


-- From [medium.com post by Balaji S. Srinivasan](
Keep in mind that 21 will be taking a portion of the bitcoins earned by all of their devices, which could defray costs. A preloaded wallet, on the other hand, would increase cost. Correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:33:16
I always try to be really respectful, but did anyone actually read this article? It's very, very poorly written. It appears as though a high-school student tried to piece together a research paper at the last minute, in a language other than English, and then put it through Google Translate.
I was under the impression that TechCrunch was somewhat reputable, but maybe I was wrong?
Another strange thing is the link to a CrunchBase profile for bitcoin. It indicates that bitcoin, or "Bitcoin" rather, is a company with 1-10 employees. The website bitcoini.com is listed and described as a place where one can convert bitcoins to fiat via Western Union and MoneyGram. Evidently "CrunchBase Staff" (not sure if that's the legitimate staff or just a username) made the most recent change to the profile. WTF? 
@_date: 2015-05-08 04:42:54
Not sure about CHAIR of Senate Finance Committee. Senator Bradley served on the Senate Finance Committee. Robert H. Herz was Chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board.




* Sheila C. Bair served as Chairman of the FDIC from 2006-2011, during one of the most turbulent economic eras in history, and was among TIME magazine’s 100 most influential people.  
* Robert H. Herz was previously Chairman of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), a senior partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers and chairman of the AICPA SEC Regulations Committee. He is on the boards of Morgan Stanley, Fannie Mae and Workiva, Inc.  


-- [
@_date: 2015-05-12 07:14:43
See the [WSJ article]( Nasdaq is only running a pilot project in Nasdaq Private Market, which according to the article is 


@_date: 2015-05-20 07:17:56
You make an interesting point, but as I understand it, a major component of 21's plan is that the upfront cost of their devices will be considerably reduced. They can undercut your proposed competitors by taking a portion of the bitcoin supplied by their devices. (See quote below.)
When faced with two devices that do the same thing, my guess is that the average consumer will choose the one that has a considerably cheaper upfront cost. It's not clear what the additional energy costs will be exactly, but immediate costs tend to weigh heavier on the consumer psyche, I'd guess.
If I've missed something, please let me know!


Quote from [medium.com post by Balaji S. Srinivasan](
@_date: 2015-05-06 06:41:22
I drive a car that runs on gasoline, but I don't use gasoline... 
From the same interview:


Although it's a popular idea in the media these days, this is just false. While the blockchain is more than a payment system, it cannot run without bitcoin. (E-mail, while similar to bitcoin in some ways, is not required for the internet to work).
The reason we can trust that the blockchain cannot be forged is that an impractically high level of computing power would be required to tamper with it. The reason the level of computing power is so high is that computers running all over the world are competing to verify transactions. Why would anyone want to compete to verify transactions? They are rewarded by the protocol with bitcoins.
This idea being put forth in the media that the blockchain is good, but bitcoin is bad, is based on a lack of understanding of the technology. Certainly, the blockchain has many applications beyond bitcoin, but bitcoin is not some external application that can be separated out. 
It's possible that the idea of separating bitcoin from the blockchain came about because of start-ups wanting to distance themselves from bitcoin, as a result of the distrust that has surrounded it during its infancy. 
This negative perception is a result of many factors, including events such as the disappearance of the Mt. Gox coins and bitcoin's use in Silk Road. However, the Mt. Gox fiasco was an issue of a private company not being well-managed; you wouldn't blame the U.S. dollar if a private bank had lax security practices. In a similar way, you wouldn't blame the U.S. dollar when it's used to facilitate drug transactions, because it has many other legitimate uses. Perhaps this is what the interviewee of the article was attempting to explain.
No one has come up with a way to successfully launch a secure public ledger such as the blockchain without a backing cryptocurrency such as bitcoin. This is according to my understanding, anyway.
Edit: typo
@_date: 2015-05-15 05:43:08
Nice work! 
@_date: 2014-07-09 20:44:16
Suppose the big rigs are running computations at the maximum rate that their tech allows, so that this rate is roughly constant.
You'd expect the electric bills to stay the same (costs are constant), but since the difficulty is lower than before, these rigs will discover more blocks, possibly balancing out the smaller reward per block (revenue is constant). 
So, profit for a given period could stay constant, or possibly even increase. It depends on how many more blocks they're discovering than before. Without data how much the difficulty would drop, it's not clear how profit for big rig operators would change.
Also, with such a large fixed cost for the hardware, these big rig operators might be more inclined to persevere through temporary reductions in cash flow, even if only because of the sunk cost fallacy.
If I'm missing something, let me know. Otherwise, I hope that makes sense.
Edit: modified argument to better account for lower BTC reward per block.
@_date: 2015-05-23 05:52:42
Cool, thanks.
@_date: 2015-05-22 05:33:19
Thoughts on the commentary by Noah Smith? 
IGNORING THE RHETORIC  
He argues that bitcoin needs to "die" as an investment to become a currency. Yes, he agrees with the Washington Post columnist who referred to Bitcoin as a Ponzi scheme, which is sensationalist and inaccurate. However, let's ignore the rhetoric and consider the basic idea; it's not a new idea, so perhaps some of you have a more sophisticated analysis than Smith?
SMITH'S ARGUMENT  
He seems to argue that fiat currency works well as a medium of exchange because it typically loses value slowly, due to inflation, so people are willing to spend it. He concludes that in order for bitcoin to be used as a medium of exchange, it needs to lose its potential as an investment. 
APPARENT FLAW  
Bitcoin is not like any asset that has existed before, so conclusions drawn from the behavior of traditional asset classes need to be considered carefully. 
In this case, Smith seems to forget that bitcoin is a finite resource. If it starts to be widely used as a currency, so that it's exchanged for goods and services with a high collective value, then bitcoin's value would likely have to go up (since the transaction velocity of bitcoins used in commerce will likely remain limited, e.g. due to the 10 minute average block confirmation time). Isn't that right?
It doesn't seem possible for bitcoin to be widely adopted as a currency, in the way that Smith suggests, while simultaneously "dying" as an investment. 
REMAINING QUESTION  
None of this resolves the issue of whether or not the mainstream consumer will spend bitcoin if he or she expects it to increase in value. This has probably been hashed out before, but I don't remember seeing an in depth discussion on this. 
Here are a couple of ideas I've heard.
1. Discounted prices, due to lower transaction fees, will counter the hoarding effect. 
2. Services such as Coinbase could make it standard practice to offer a kind of "replenish" feature, in which people can replenish their bitcoin holdings immediately after a purchase by linking a fiat account to each bitcoin wallet. 
Thoughts? Other ideas?
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:52:21
It could be that the IRS ruling was largely anticipated by those who are following Bitcoin closely. For those people, there may be little effect on how they use their coins. 
However, isn't adoption the more important issue? Those tax-paying individuals who might have otherwise opted to use Bitcoin, say due to discounts being passed along from lower transaction fees, might decide in light of the recent ruling that paying in Bitcoin isn't worth the hassle.
It seems like that could be a big deal, at least in the short-term.
That said, I haven't thought this through completely, and I can see a few ways I might be wrong. I expect I might be, considering venture capital keeps pouring into Bitcoin, and I imagine VC's would have anticipated the IRS ruling.
Still, I don't have a clear counter argument in mind as to why the IRS ruling wouldn't significantly slow down the use of Bitcoin as a currency. Do you? I'm all ears.
Perhaps the idea is that it'll still be useful for international remittances and as a store of value?
@_date: 2015-05-26 03:46:16
I was unable to find any third-party information on the supposed company running bitcoini.com, and of course, bitcoin is not a company and is not represented by any one site (especially not bitcoini.com). 
Here is how bitcoini.com (note the "i" at the end) is described in the linked CrunchBase profile: 
"It offers online services in converting bitcoins into fiat currency and vice versa, mainly with Western Union and MoneyGram."
All of this strikes me as suspicious, so I've reported the profile to CrunchBase at info and am awaiting a response. If anyone knows of a better way to report this profile, please say so.
@_date: 2015-05-26 04:11:48
Haha. Yeah, sorry to break it to you. What's worse than being unemployed? Being unemployed and not knowing it.
@_date: 2015-05-20 07:37:05
It's not obvious that the reward halving will be a problem (although, similarly, it's not completely obvious that it won't be a problem, either). 
As others have suggested, the price per bitcoin could go up between now and the next halving (although we don't know). Also, I'd guess that in the long-term, transaction fees might compensate for the dwindling mining subsidy (I didn't see any mention of 21's devices receiving a portion of the transaction fees, but wouldn't that be possible?).  
On the other hand, what would happen if the price drops significantly for some unforeseeable reason, around the same time that the mining reward gets cut in half? 
There are a lot of question marks here, and it would be interesting to see 21's analysis (it's hard to imagine they haven't worked out the various possibilities).
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:48:48
It seems this was changed. The article now reads as follows:


@_date: 2015-01-30 08:52:59
p.s. you could even send a tip as small as .01 bit (one hundred-millionth of a bitcoin, i.e. a Satoshi) if you just want to test it out. That's as low as you can go right now, but I don't think you'll need to go much lower! 
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:45:18
[This article]( discusses some of the history.
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:54:03
Thanks. 
I did look at the history and noticed all of the edits. It's awesome that people volunteer their time to provide (hopefully) objective information to others. I'm under the impression that they do a pretty good job of eliminating obvious bias, and I certainly didn't mean to create extra work for them. 
However, I was thinking it was strange that such a highly visited page on a globally relevant topic was being maintained by such a small number of people (although a relatively large number of people are "watching" the page). For better or worse, I suppose the same could be said about the core Bitcoin protocol, to some degree. 
I'm still learning how it all works, though, so AFAIK, there are many others contributing to the discussion. 
That's why I didn't want to make any edits myself until I learn more. It seems there's a whole culture there of do's and don'ts; your link to reliable sources seems like a good start. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:05:09
Thanks. I've never edited Wikipedia before and am just learning about it.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:48:30
Thanks! I wouldn't necessarily add the bit about the internet in 1995, though. It's nice to provide context for the numbers, but it's less clear how to make the internet comparison accurate. See the discussion in this thread with @_date: 2015-01-19 04:50:23
Yeah, that too! The study of pornography isn't quite the same as the use of pornography, after all.
@_date: 2015-01-29 12:27:12
It looks like you put a lot of time into making this introduction organized and concise! I especially like your inclusion of a glossary and a timeline.  
I do have quite a lot of feedback to add to what has already been mentioned (I sort of enjoy the editing process!). I know that writing a concise introduction to Bitcoin is no easy task, so I hope you don't take offense. My own writing always benefits from feedback, and I hope some of this helps you.  
INTRO BOXES  
* RE: first intro. box. You write that "Bitcoin ... does not function within the constraints of traditional banks, governmments, or third party corporations"; this seems to imply that no laws pertaining to Bitcoin exist or will exist. Instead, you could write something like the following: "Bitcoin enables secure payments and a predictable
money supply without the need for a 
trusted third party such as a bank, company, or government."  
* RE: third intro. box.  Bitcoin revolutionizes the way the world views communication? You might focus on finance alone, explaining that by providing a global, open platform, Bitcoin could be to finance what the Internet is to communication.     
GLOSSARY  
You mention miners without explanation. It'd help to have a separate entry for the term "miner." Perhaps mention that "miners" are specialized computers all over the world that verify transactions, and that for doing so, they're rewarded by the software with newly minted or "mined" bitcoins at a set rate; this is how the currency is issued. "Miner" also refers to those who own the computers.  
WHY BITCOIN?  
* RE: bullet point 4. IMO "fraud is next to impossible" is too general. Scams have been implemented on a large scale (Mt. Gox being the most notable example; whether Gox's collapse was due more to fraud or incompetence is probably not a worthwhile distinction in this context).  
Also, people's coins do get stolen, and it's currently quite difficult to implement a robust system that secures them against both theft and loss. I believe experts such as Andreas Antonopoulos and perhaps Gavin Andresen have acknowledged this. Also, consider the regular posts in r/bitcoin of people's coins getting stolen or lost, including those who use paper wallets, etc.  
Instead, you might consider including the following:    
*Bitcoin is kind of like e-mail. You don't need to give your
password away to send an e-mail, and you don't need to give your private key to send a bitcoin payment. With credit cards, you give merchants access to your account (via your card number) in order to submit a single payment, and then those merchants get hacked.*    
* RE: bullet point 5. I don't think this is what you had in mind, but perhaps it's not totally fair to say Bitcoin is clean, at least not without mentioning the ways in which it is not clean. Proof of work does necessitate rather large amounts of energy consumption, and that energy need not be clean. The fact that this energy is used to secure the system is perhaps too nuanced for a brief introduction. 
* You might replace the cleanliness bullet point with *financial access for the unbanked* (that is arguably the biggest advantage of all).  
* RE: bullet point 6. You might replace the wedding example with a more useful application that beginners will immediately understand, such as notary services.  
* You could mention that Bitcoin could be a solution to high inflation. If Bitcoin is successful in the long-run, then an increase in its use could lead to a significant increase in its value, due to the limited supply. Such a store of value would be beneficial to those who live in countries with a highly inflationary currency. (If Bitcoin fails, due to lack of adoption for example, the value could go to zero.)    
* You might add that, like the internet, anyone can develop applications that make use of Bitcoin. This is a really key feature.  
* You might add a bullet point for new business models (e.g. imagine paying a few cents to read an article online instead of a monthly subscription; this was previously impossible since the merchant would pay more in transaction fees than they would earn; the Chicago Sun-Times has already experimented with this).  
6 WAYS TO ACQUIRE...  
* RE: bullet point 1. "Online accounts far less secure..." I know this is a common sentiment, but currently, this depends greatly on the user. Those with limited knowledge of security practices might well be better off using something like Coinbase's vault feature than attempting to secure their own coins.  
* RE: bullet point 4. You could specify both goods and services, as opposed to just "stuff." (nitpick)     
* RE: bullet point 6. You might include YouTube in the list of platforms you can use w/ ChangeTip. To me, this is perhaps the best current application. I'd rather tip someone who has made a carefully produced video than someone who has tweeted 140 characters.  
HOW TO USE BITCOIN  
IMO, it's not feasible to explain how to securely store Bitcoin in a beginner's introduction. It'll get easier with time, but we're not there yet.  
You might consider mentioning a reputable third party such as Coinbase, which is backed by the NYSE, or Bitpay as a place to get started with a small investment.  
You could add a disclaimer that the benefits of being an early adopter are balanced by the risk of using a new financial technology, and that investment in any form carries risk.   
You could then mention that it's also possible to store your bitcoins without a third party, but that you have to be careful to store your keys securely. Developers will make this more user friendly in time (just as they made it easier to send e-mail, which used to be hard). For those who are interested, you could then include links to more advanced references on secure storage methods.  
I know that many early adopters see the ability to store their own wealth as a big advantage, but it's just not that easy to do yet for the average user.
ORGANIZATION  
You might split your "How to Use Bitcoin" section into two sections. After the "How" section, you could have a "Where to Use Bitcoin Section."  
In the "Where" section, as long as you're listing merchants who accept Bitcoin, you might as well add a few more of the big names (see below).   
You can explain that it's easy for merchants to accept Bitcoin without subjecting themselves to volatility, by instantly cashing out through services such as Coinbase (used by over 38,000 businesses, including Overstock, Dish Network, Dell, Expedia, and Time Inc.) or Bitpay (used by over 50,000 businesses and organizations including Microsoft and Tiger Direct).  
HISTORY  
You could add...  
* Coinbase as first major U.S. exchange 
($106 million total funding, backers include NYSE); 
* Gox collapse is surely a big moment in Bitcoin's early history
* Bitcoin ruled to be property by IRS (more important
than Texas judge ruling?)   
* auctions of silk road coins by U.S. Marshals
TYPOGRAPHICAL ISSUES  
* first box: techonology (typo)
* under "6 ways to acquire", no comma after "few ways to get your hands on this currency"  
* ChangeTip (no space) 
* give away (need a space because you're using this as a verb, not a noun)  
* history chart: "led", not lead (past tense) 
* the word "pseudonym" not used correctly (a pseudonym is an identifier, not the person it identifies) 
* typo in *jacsonville, florida"  
* You might consider distinguishing Bitcoin (capital B) from bitcoin (lowercase b); the former can be used for the network/protocol and the latter can be used for the currency. This isn't completely standard yet, but it's common and emphasizes that bitcoin is more than just a currency.  
Edit: formatting
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:27:18
It's not a bad idea to be skeptical, so good on you for that. The comparison is not perfect, but it's an interesting one. We can make all kinds of distinctions between various protocols, between the internet and the Web, and so forth, but the basic premise seems worth a look.  
Bitcoin: protocol for transfer of value, decentralized global network of miners, bitcoin currency as first major app, permissionless applications layer, owned by no one, large and accelerating venture capital investments   
Early Internet/Web: protocols for transfer of information, decentralized global network of servers, e-mail as first major app, permissionless applications layer, owned by no one, large and accelerating venture capital investments  
Many have made this comparison, including [Marc Andreessen]( coauthor of the Web's first modern browser. This is not a counterexample to your point (he has put money into the Bitcoin ecosystem). However, this is a technologically knowledgeable person who is willing to invest in a technology that [he thinks IS comparable to the internet](  
Here is a [nice article]( by a research fellow at George Mason University that makes the same comparison.  
You might disagree, but it's worth consideration. Feel free to pick this apart. Those kinds of discussions can be illuminating. It would be especially helpful if you could provide references to your arguments.
@_date: 2015-01-29 07:28:11
Let's suppose for a moment that terrorists are going to use Bitcoin.   
[Google says the the rate at which content is uploaded to YouTube makes it difficult to identify and remove terror related content.](  
If we could go back in time and regulate YouTube in order to impose a screening process on user uploads (as opposed to now, when people are accustomed to the lack of restriction), would we do it to prevent its use by terrorists?  
I'm not saying the answer should be yes or no, but perhaps this question adds helpful context. Just as YouTube provides access to information, perhaps Bitcoin could provide the world's large unbanked population with access to a financial network.    
Or, if we look at this objectively, is the comparison too flawed to be useful?  
@_date: 2015-01-19 22:48:50
Thanks! I think it'll be nice to pass along some of these tips to my favorite content creators on YouTube, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:43:07
No problem, and 80 bits is worth only a few cents, so don't get too excited! A bit is only a millionth of a Bitcoin, so right now 80 bits is worth about 2 cents, haha.    
I feel a little silly about that now, but I don't have much in my ChangeTip account, so the idea is just to help you try it out. You can send someone a 1 bit tip if you want, just to try it out (although you might want to make it clear that it's just a test; a 1 bit tip might be a little silly otherwise!).  
Now that you're set up, you can also get more tips for great comments or posts.  
Anyway, you don't need to download a separate wallet to use the bits in your ChangeTip account to tip others. You can tip anyone else on Reddit just like I did, and the ChangeTip bot will automatically take care of the rest.  
If you get a larger balance and want to transfer your BTC to another wallet, say to convert to USD or to pay a merchant with your BTC, then you should be able to set up whatever kind of wallet you think is best (web wallet like Coinbase, mobile wallet like Mycelium, hardware wallet like TREZOR, ...). Once it's set up, you just click the withdraw button in ChangeTip, enter a wallet address and an amount, and you're good to go.  
I'm just learning about it myself, but I think this is all correct.  
By the way, an easy way to think about bits is to realize that 1000 bits are worth a thousandth of a Bitcoin (since 1000*10^(-6)=10^(-3)). A whole Bitcoin is currently worth about $238, so 1000 bits are worth about 24 cents (to get one thousandth of $238.00, move the decimal place three places to the left to get $.238). Not sure what your math background is, so maybe that helps.  
@_date: 2015-01-19 01:32:11
I'm really not advocating vandalism. That should be clear, if you read my post. 
I specifically advocated making sure that the article is "accurate and up-to-date," and I had no intention of making a change without first proposing it in the Wikipedia page discussion.
The point is that Bitcoin is rapidly evolving, and it's easier to maintain accurate and up-to-date information when many people are doing the fact-checking.
If you can add something constructive to the conversation, I'll reply, but otherwise, I won't.
@_date: 2015-05-11 06:50:49
N.B. These aren't new remarks. The video linked to by OP was published on Dec 11, 2013.
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:41:20
Thanks for your input! Fascinating stuff. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:38:57
You're right to make the distinction that none of the prior forms of e-cash were decentralized. 
However, it's not that earlier forms of e-cash could not protect against double spends. That would have made them completely worthless from the start, and no one ever would have heard of them, I'd imagine. The issue is that they used a trusted third-party to prevent double spends.
Bitcoin is the first form of e-cash that does not rely on a trusted, central third party to prevent double spending. (At least, it seems that it's the first such system, as far as anyone can tell. [Satoshi Nakamoto is quoted]( as saying he wasn't aware of any such systems prior to Bitcoin.)
Please correct me if I've made any mistakes. The link above explores the history in more detail.
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:49:19


Thanks I've been meaning to try out ChangeTip. This will motivate me to give it a whirl.
@_date: 2015-01-19 01:05:21
The price swings could be partly based on the uncertainty surrounding the long-run outcome. In that sense, the price probably contains *some* useful information.   
However, as you say, it seems that for many people, the price is the *only* information they rely on. Many more indicators are available.  
Making good decisions requires having access to accurate information, and the Wikipedia article can be a source of such information.
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:03:08
I see. You make some fair points. Still, I don't think my post is entirely redundant, and I think an ongoing discussion of a living document makes sense, so a multiplicity of posts doesn't seem so terrible.
As far as going to the Wikipedia talk pages, that does make sense, but I don't see anything inherently wrong with bringing more people to the discussion. The problem lies in whether those people constitute a biased group.
It's true that r/bitcoin might be biased, so that is something I might have considered more carefully. I just figured that this sub would have the greatest collective knowledge of the subject. 
After finding a somewhat outdated section, I figured that with such a rapidly changing technology, a large number of fact-checkers would be needed to keep the article up-to-date.
Perhaps a cross post in another sub could balance things out, or ... maybe not.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:21:47
I wondered the same thing! I did a cursory web search but nothing turned up. Strange. Perhaps it'll be necessary to dig a little deeper.
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:34:27
The problem is that a few experienced editors are not likely to be able to stay current on all facets of Bitcoin. My hope was that any junk would get swept away, but the accurate stuff would get added. That's how Wikipedia is supposed to work, isn't it?
Personally, I would prefer to start by making a post to the "talk" page, before making a direct edit, since I'm new to Wikipedia. I was hoping others would do the same, but perhaps many won't. I'll update the original post to make this point clear.
Edit: note that the Bitcoin article already references several Coindesk articles, so I'm not sure the sources necessarily need to be non-bitcoin focused. Of course, good judgement should be used in each case.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:15:25
I agree that Wikipedia articles are not advertisements or PR sheets!! It would be a real shame if they were.   
My sense is that Wikipedia does a pretty good job of maintaining objectivity, but that topics that change very rapidly might not always be updated in a timely fashion. Feel free to dispute that, but if that's correct, then having a larger number of fact-checkers would improve the quality of the article, not make it worse.  
Also, here are three direct quotes [from Wikipedia]( that suggest your view of the Wikipedia rules is overly black-and-white (original emphasis maintained).   


So, having a financial interest does not necessarily constitute a conflict of interest (not if your interest is primarily in having an objective, accurate article).  


Again, if you do have a connection with the subject, you are still encouraged toward constructive engagement.  


Even people who are literally PAID directly to influence wikipedia are not discouraged from engaging. They are only discouraged from making direct edits.  
**TL;DR:**People with a financial interest ARE encouraged to engage constructively. Even people who are paid to influence wikipedia are encouraged to post suggestions, although they're discouraged from direct edits. 
Edit: typo
@_date: 2015-01-19 07:54:20
Thanks for the attention to detail! 
Edit: It's hard to know the current rank, then. Darn.
For comparison, Ebola is an important topic that has been covered recently in the media, and the Wikipedia article on Ebola has been viewed around 224,000 times in the last 90 days. The Bitcoin article has been viewed around 563,000 times in the last 90 days. (Please note that I am absolutely not implying that Bitcoin is more important than the Ebola crisis. It just came to mind as an important current event that people want to learn about).
So, the Bitcoin article is still popular. However, it was viewed around 886,000 times in March 2014 and only around 174,000 times in the last 30 days from today. So, it could be that Bitcoin's rank is greater than 89 (i.e. less popular than originally stated).
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:17:44
That's a good question. I'm not an experienced Wikipedian myself, so I'm hoping that others will chime in. 
I'd imagine that it'd be okay, as long as you're citing facts, and as long as you're also considering possible problems raised by the technology. That's important too. 
For example, I'm curious about how the environmental costs incurred by the proof-of-work scheme compare to other proposed alternatives. Perhaps that would be too much of a digression.
@_date: 2015-01-19 22:45:59
The same does hold true for Bitcoin: learning about it and using it aren't the same. The point is that people who do learn about it are making better informed decisions.
@_date: 2015-01-19 01:21:22
Huh. I check r/bitcoin regularly and don't remember seeing similar posts. The ranking of 89 is new information to me, at least. 
In any case, I think that maintaining an accurate source of information is a point that bears repeating, especially given the often confusing media inconsistencies.
Again, I'm advocating accurate information, not evangelism.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:24:38
Exactly. The point is to be accurate and objective. People should certainly know that people have lost money, and they should understand how.  
Although, I'm not sure about "hundreds of thousands of people." Source?
@_date: 2015-05-14 07:07:06
The article now uses the word "elusive," so perhaps someone caught this and fixed it.
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:20:34
There's been a bunch of discussion about your comment, so I think it might be helpful to point to Wikipedia's page on [identifying reliable sources](  
I didn't read every word in the article, but it doesn't seem clear that publications covering only one topic are necessarily excluded from consideration. For example, **the Bitcoin article cites several articles from Coindesk.**  
*Perhaps the main thing is that cited sources in Wikipedia are typically supposed to be reputable secondary or tertiary sources. Primary sources are allowed too, but only in certain circumstances, and they are supposed to be used with caution.*  
I think the idea is to avoid original research being published on Wikipedia. Since Wikipedia doesn't "have a systematic mechanism for fact checking or accuracy" (see link for quote), it is not considered reliable by its own criteria.   
Therefore, it makes sense to have a policy that ensures that all information contained in Wikipedia can be cited directly from another source (ideally, one that is more reliable).
Given this policy, many scientific journals might excluded (since they're often devoted to a particular topic) if a secondary source that describes the original research could be cited instead. If no secondary sources are available, it might be okay to cite such a journal for limited amounts of information.
*In the end, I don't think there are any hard and fast rules.* According to the article I cited on reliable sources, 


(Original emphasis maintained.)
Of course, the guidelines themselves, and dealing with people who subjectively enforce the guidelines, are two different things. So, you have a point there.  
**TL;DR:** There doesn't appear to be any rule stating that publications that only cover one topic cannot be cited. However, such publications are often primary sources, and primary sources should not be cited, except possibly when there is no secondary source that could be used instead. Please correct me if I'm wrong, as I'm not a Wikipedia expert, and this is based on a cursory reading of Wikipedia's policies.
@_date: 2015-01-30 05:47:37
I'll try again. Here's 80 bits on me! (There are also other ways to send the amounts; e.g. you can specify it in dollars.)
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:05:13
Haha. It seems that perception of Wikipedia's reliability are changing, and it's interesting to think about. Which is better, a few people you trust, or a large, more diverse crowd you don't know? And how diverse are the Wikipedians, exactly?
We know the main thing is to check any piece of information before you rely on it and to look at the information as a whole as well. It's always possible to include sources that support your point and to omit those that don't. Sometimes, such care is infeasible, though.
It's all quite difficult, but most worthwhile things are, I guess.
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:12:01
I guess I missed it somehow! I need to search more carefully, but I think an ongoing discussion of a living document makes sense.
The only problem is whether or not bias could be introduced by directing the discussion to r/bitcoin. However, my sense is that Wikipedia does a pretty good job of maintaining objectivity (I could be wrong), and a large number of fact checkers seems like a good thing, especially when it comes to such a rapidly changing topic.
@_date: 2015-01-19 01:54:44
I just did a search, and I did find a few posts. You make a good point about searching before posting; I usually am careful about that kind of thing. 
However, does it not make sense that we maintain an ongoing discussion of an important, living document?
@_date: 2015-01-19 06:01:08
I specifically wrote 


I clearly indicated that *both the internet/web and Bitcoin are made up of protocols and physical infrastructure (servers vs. miners)*. The physical infrastructure for the two systems is not the same, I agree, which is why I also said that the comparison isn't perfect.
If you have constructive criticism, I'm happy to hear it!
@_date: 2015-01-19 02:08:02
Haha. I thought about putting that in the title of the post: "Bitcoin beats Pornography," but click-bait is not something I'm inclined to contribute to (not that you were suggesting this). It's interesting, though, right?
@_date: 2015-05-01 10:20:06
Yeah, it's really interesting to hear what's going on in Argentina. It's often stated that bitcoin finds its most promising use cases in countries that lack a viable banking infrastructure, but this article actually offers a lot of details on what's being done currently.
@_date: 2015-05-01 10:12:54
Exactly! 
**mining** == solving complex equations  
**agent** == powerful computer  
**purpose** == contributes to the infrastructure (vague)  
vs.  
**mining** == a kind of recurring lottery; omits actual word "mining" to avoid confusion  
**agent** == host of open-source software, incentivized by lottery  
**purpose** == record keeping  
That's quite an improvement.  
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:55:12
Thank so much!! This is all very helpful. Providing quality, free information seems like a worthwhile pursuit. I'm happy to have the help.
@_date: 2015-01-19 07:38:56
Right. Makes sense. Thanks for the input!
@_date: 2015-01-21 05:19:28
That's sort of fair, but I was only offering the venture capital section as an example. I was attempting to make a larger point: people are often bothered by inconsistencies in the media and can't do much about it, and the Wikipedia article is a chance to address those perceived inconsistencies. This is especially true in light of how widely viewed the article is.   
Bitcoin changes very rapidly, and it's difficult for one person (or a small group of people) to keep up with all issues relevant to it, especially on a volunteer basis. In other words, I knew I couldn't fix all of the issues myself.
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:09:02
Yep, accurate criticisms should be included. It doesn't currently have a single section devoted to criticisms, but it does have criticisms scattered throughout the article. See, for example, the subsection "Reception" under the Economics section.
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:49:56
Thanks I've been meaning to try out ChangeTip. This will motivate me to give it a whirl.
@_date: 2015-01-19 03:08:25
That cracked me up too! We can't spend all our time on serious stuff, I guess. 
I haven't made any Wikipedia contributions yet, but I'm learning how it works. It seems there's a pretty well-developed culture over there, but there doesn't seem to be much of a technical learning curve.
I just hope people make thoughtful contributions and don't make more busy work for the seasoned Wikipedia editors by adding frivolous information.
@_date: 2015-01-19 22:41:44
Good observation! I hadn't noticed that. Of course that's different, in that the community can't directly update it, but that video definitely seems to be another major source of information for a general audience.
@_date: 2015-01-30 05:32:01
[ChangeTip]( is the company that does that; it works on Reddit, Twitter, YouTube, Facebook, Google+, Github, ...  
Click the link to see how the commands are used. On Reddit, you just type and an amount, like 80 bits. Actually, I just tipped you. Now you can try it out!
Edit. Oops! I accidentally misunderstood and cancelled the tip. It's been a long day! I tipped you again, though, so it should work this time.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:45:24
Thanks for that. I knew inflation would play a role here, but I figured the effect wouldn't change the fact that the Bitcoin numbers are higher, since the Forbes article I linked to said venture capital was "outpacing the early days of the internet." 
In hindsight, I should have checked the numbers myself. I haven't checked the validity of [this inflation calculator]( but it says the current equivalent of $250 million is about $388 million. 
I just did some more research, and the $250 million figure needs to be verified too. This [coindesk article]( offers a much more thorough discussion, and it indicates that $250 million is only for the first sequence financing, and that the total for the year was around $508 million.
That said, people such as [Andreas Antonopolous]( and [Marc Andreessen]( have compared Bitcoin's current stage of development to that of the Internet in about 1992-1993 (the estimate attributed to Andreessen was made about a year ago, though, I think).
In that sense, Bitcoin might actually be outpacing the internet in terms of VC. Numbers for VC investment in internet-related companies seem to be harder to find before 1995.
In summary, I should be more careful with my wording, and in any case, the bit about the internet in 1995 might not make it into the Wikipedia article. The $300 million figure for 2014 should go in there, though. Thanks again!
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:03:17
Thanks for the tip! Also, thanks for fact-checking my summary of fact-checking, haha. 
I haven't yet, but I'm thinking about using some of these tips to support my favorite content creators. It might be hard for redditors to make much off of tips, but if they end up using them to tip their favorite YouTube channel or twitter account, it could be meaningful for those creators. 
Having another revenue model to reward valuable content, as opposed to the current advertising model that rewards clickbait, seems like a good thing. 
The other thing is that only people with massive followings can make any money off of advertisements, typically, unless they're great at selling direct advertisements. However, creators who make useful content and have smaller but devoted audiences might be able to earn something from tips. This is just a guess.
@_date: 2015-01-19 08:35:30


Wow, and thanks for getting involved.
@_date: 2015-01-30 09:12:15
You're welcome!
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:53:03
Of course. I never stated or implied that Wikipedia traffic determines the potential or momentum of the technology sector. 
My point is only that a lot of people seem to be reading this article, and it seems better to have accurate information than to have inaccurate information. That's a fairly modest claim, I think, but feel free to disagree.
@_date: 2015-05-12 08:23:13
I just realized the bold typeface might have seemed aggressive. I only used it to make it easier to skim for the key ideas, not to imply disrespect!
In any case, I doubt anyone is proposing a change in the mining subsidy itself. We don't know the exact effect it will have on mining, and if it's negative, then there might be indirect countermeasures (for example, changes that would affect transaction fees). I think the quote suggests that these indirect countermeasures might be contentious.
As for what will happen with sidechains and unforeseen attack vectors, I can't say.
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:32:07
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:41:22
You mean [this feature]( Is anyone else offering this, like Circle?
@_date: 2015-01-19 00:43:45
My point is that we have an opportunity to help a lot of people find accurate information. I'm not advocating that anyone buy or sell.
@_date: 2015-05-22 16:42:34
The difficulty I see, and I could be wrong, is that it's a chicken and egg problem. Of course, we have both chickens and eggs, so I'm not arguing that the scenario you describe is impossible. The question is, if this transition is made, then how?
It's not as though the bitcoin price starts at A, then it reaches a long-term stable price B without anyone using it as a currency, and then everyone starts using it as a currency after the fact. That would require the price to rise again to a third point C, contradicting the stability of price point B. Right?
There would have to be a gradual transfer of use from (high-return) investment to currency, I suppose, but I'm not sure it's obvious how that will play out exactly. says there's an adoption period, "just like with most things," and refers to gold as an example. In what ways might historical precedents be valid here, and in what ways can we expect bitcoin's differences to affect its trajectory as a currency?
I guess it wouldn't hurt to read more about the history of money. I just added [Kabir Sehgal's new book]( to my reading list, along with the [recent book by Paul Vigna and Michael J. Casey]( If any of you have read either of these, please share your thoughts!
@_date: 2015-05-14 07:33:00
The article has some flaws, but at least it explains how bitcoins are actually being used (not just the "technology behind bitcoin"). I *suspect* the author read the [Coin Center article]( which describes how Nasdaq will use a colored coin implementation.
The Guardian article came out a day after the Coin Center article, and days after the initial round of articles that broke the story (e.g. from the [WSJ]( and [Time]( Those articles didn't make any real attempt to explain the technology, from what I remember.
When I read the Coin Center article, I wondered if the only readers would be those who already understand bitcoin, but perhaps it's getting picked up by mainstream media. Journalists are gradually becoming better informed.
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:29:30
If you have what you feel are more serious criticisms, and you're a new Wikipedia editor or haven't made an edit before, then you might consider posting to the [Bitcoin article talk page]( to suggest an edit.
@_date: 2014-07-09 06:19:32
To be fair, bitcoin is volatile right now; there's no way around that. My question is, how do readers interpret this statement?
Option A: "Oh, okay, so it fell almost back to where it started."  
Option B: "Oh, okay, (86)(.3)=25.8; *Dang it!* If I had invested $1000 15 months ago, I'd have $25,800 right now."
@_date: 2015-08-07 05:17:37
Do you have reliable sources for the claims against the individuals you identified in the second bullet point? Some of this is news to me. 
I know I can do my own research, but there are so many accusations being thrown around all the time, it's hard to keep up. If you're calling someone out by name, then a source seems appropriate.
@_date: 2015-08-29 05:03:53
* [Initial praise from Coin Center](
* [Coin Center's response to EFF's criticisms, by Jerry Brito](
* [Coin Center's response to EFF's criticisms, by  Peter Van Valkenburgh](
The latter two articles present similar arguments, but they are complementary.
@_date: 2015-08-26 05:19:48
Agreed, except for another minor point that I found strange.


Why include the rise of mining pools as an example of a "disaster?" There may be concern over the resulting centralization, but I don't see how this is comparable to Gox, Silk Road, or theft.
@_date: 2015-07-04 03:27:13
The drawing of the attacker makes it seem as though miners are people who bang away at their keyboards all day. 
(I have actually talked to at least one person who thought this was how mining worked, although he might not be in the target audience).
But, it is nice to see IEEE working to improve understanding.
@_date: 2015-07-17 18:11:03
That's a nice talk. Thanks! I missed that one. 
You might be right. In the talk you linked to, Wences does make a big point about barter being a myth, whereas in the article, Frenkel points to barter as the starting point for commerce. But, the LA Times article by Frenkel is from March 2014 (before this particular talk by Wences), so he could have heard him speak earlier.
I guess we could ask Frenkel, since he's on Reddit (his AMA was yesterday), but let's not bombard him with messages!
@_date: 2015-07-31 09:21:14
Note that the linked post is from 2011.
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:16:44
Yeah, I imagine that's meant as a joke, but someone new to bitcoin wouldn't realize that. I was about to point this out too, before I read your comment.
@_date: 2015-07-17 14:41:02
Here's the link to his [recent AMA](
P.s. The article linked to is about how our school math curriculum is 1000 years old and needs updating, but he throws in a reference to bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-26 05:34:17
It would be disingenuous to only report on legitimate use cases for bitcoin, don't you think? This article did not seem to be inaccurate, and I actually think it was pretty interesting, even though I was already aware of most of its content. 
The article was not one-sided either. In it, Popper writes


@_date: 2015-07-14 07:36:00
You make a good point. I'm not sure if it's more common for innovations to be recognized immediately or not.
If we were to go through the list of inventions below and categorize them as "immediately recognized" or "not immediately recognized," that would be a start. Of course, this classification is subjective without a more precise definition of the categories.
* [The 50 Greatest Breakthroughs Since the Wheel](
From a glance, at least a few seem to have been more or less immediately recognized (e.g. the birth control pill, the telephone, and nuclear fission).
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:39:50
When did the WSJ say it's Greece? Source?
The front page article that appeared yesterday does not argue that Greece is driving the rise in price. The first sentence is ["Bitcoin, the volatile digital currency, cannot help the Greeks of today."]( It follows up with "For the average Greek, getting one’s hands on bitcoin requires buying it with euros—the last thing any sane Greek would give up."
The article argues that future applications of bitcoin and the blockchain could prevent the type of upheaval Greece is seeing today, and even that is qualified by "no technology can solve poor planning or badly designed systems." 
Here's the [r/bitcoin discussion](