@_author: 1337_g33k
@_date: 2019-02-14 20:14:16
This was inevitable and it also the reason why I hesitated for so many years to get on board. Big banks fear cryptocurrency. Hopefully, they won't find a way to destroy it. I guess they figured that if they couldn't beat it, might as well create their own currency. This will fail... 
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:31:20
Easy mistake... I mean... I was looking to get into Bitcoin (specifically). I Googled "Bitcoin" and it literally was the first website to pop up. At first glance, it seemed legit that something named Bitcoin plus the company tag (.com) was actually THE source for Bitcoin. Turns out that they don't do Bitcoin... they do Bitcoin Cash. Which after much research are two different forms of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2019-01-17 16:05:39
I have to admit that I was deceived about [Bitcoin.com]( as well. They should really need to change it to BitcoinCash. When I went to purchase from their site, it redirects me to another exchange that they own/partner with/whatever... It was a pain in the ass to do. That being said... On one side of the proverbial coin... litigation and accountability leads to regulation. I'm not entirely sure that's what any of us want. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 19:43:27
Whatever dude... enjoy life being a total dickbag. Like some anonymous insult on an internet board is somehow going to reshape my reality to conform into whatever it is you're trying to push on me. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:42:34
I've come to realize this to be true as I tried to become verified to purchase. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:40:18
Thanks and yes... I totally get that now. My primary purpose for Bitcoin is to be a long-term investment. I know that this isn't a "get rich quick" thing... and I'm glad that it isn't. I've got to a point where I want to invest in something stable but with enough risk to render a valuable profit later. I also am an anarcho-capitalist of sorts. So I appreciate the level of deregulated peer-to-peer control that this offers. But I also understand the fundamentals of economics that cryptocurrency relies on to build value. Currency becomes worthless if it isn't being circulated. Which is why I also would like to do what I can to use it as an actual currency. From my minimal understanding of this currency, it's actually a critical component of it. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 18:26:22
I agree... and this is where my personal dilemma resides and where this division sometimes doesn't make sense to me. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 13:32:33
It's marketing and its working. I'm new to cryptocurrency in general (as a user/investor). When I decided to dive into the currency, Bitcoin was my first inclination. It's been around awhile, it's stable, and from what I've heard... most vendors (both personal and commercial) that accept cryptocurrency, take Bitcoin. That being said, I went straight to Bitcoin dot com thinking that it was Bitcoin. As I went through the website, I believe that it actually states somewhere that Bitcoin Cash is the same as Bitcoin. I was ready to jump right in but then things got shady when I went to purchase. Keep in mind that I was new to the idea of exchanges, wallets, and so forth... but the verification process for the purchase was a pain in the ass. Very glitchy to buy/verify with a credit/debit card. So I stopped and looked around... did research... And actually found [Bitcoin.org]( and realized that it was BTC not BCH that is the "real" Bitcoin.   
I guess my point here is that Bitcoin dot COM is very deceptive. I mean, I get it that they have their own coin and by the looks of it, there are many vendors who prefer it (for what ever reasons). The best relative advice that I received is that both are equally usable. Depending upon what you want the coin to do for you. For myself, while I feel a bit as if I got the old "bait-and-switch"... I also recognize (and appreciate) that this currency is deregulated. So, we let the market decide. I will invest in BTC for the more long term and stable retention of assets. BCH can be my go to for casual spending on places like Steam.