@_author: 13ae
@_date: 2017-12-19 06:18:28
except this is actually extremely good advice
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:41:26
if you hold onto both you don't have to worry about potential flipping, that is correct. Issues only arise if you wanna dump all your BCH in hopes of BTC rising, or vice versa.
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:48:39
Maybe. But my point is that technologically, it is not a good bang for buck.
@_date: 2018-06-07 18:12:15
But what Ether promised is not returns or services. It's the ability to make immutable changes to a blockchain. It's literally the gas that the blockchain runs on. I doubt Ether will be classified as a security. The ethereum foundation selling ether is similar to something like Amazon selling AWS credit. It's a bit different than offering an ICO on the ethereum blockchain to fund a project unrelated to the ethereum blockchain as a way of circumventing traditional security laws, which is what the SEC is actually trying to regulate.
The SEC has actually done many info sessions/talks within the blockchain space about their current challenges and progressions with security regulation, and most of them are quite well educated on the topic and have thought things through quite thoroughly. I highly doubt people holding Ether have to worry about ether being regulated. That being said, regulations of other ICO's on the ethereum network will undoubtedly affect the value of Ether, likely in a negative way. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 03:47:39
First off, let me preface by saying that I think that blockchain and cryptocurrencies are good concepts and useful technologies. However, in its current state, the technology is heavily underdeveloped. For example, I love ethereum and I see it having a bright future. However, Solidity, to put bluntly, is terrible and has an extremely primitive development environment. Most ICO's and shitcoins too, are very primitive and get people's attention with a bunch of buzzwords and the promise of blockchain when their promises can be/has already been implimented in a centralized OR are just a bunch of empty promises and have incomplete/insecure codebases (some of the ICO's githubs are painful to read through). I think a recent example many people in the community were exposed to were Eos's security flaws recently.
Essentially, I think that the space has a lot of potential to develop, but in it's current state, is heavily overvalued by people who don't actually understand what they're buying. As a conceptual investment (hoping for wide adoption) it could potentially be worth it, but in terms of stretching the dollar for tech, people are really overvaluing everything. Hope this makes sense.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:47:02
part of my point is that years from now, bitcoin may not be the standard anymore.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:48:23
yeah I think it was just a typo, sorry for the confusion.
@_date: 2018-06-05 22:25:14
because if you understood the technology, the money in the space would make close to no sense, which is all the more reason to participate in this overinflated economy. 
@_date: 2018-06-09 22:41:22
this sub in a nutshell lmao. and then get downvoted for saying the tech ain't quite there yet by people whobhave never written a line of code in their lives and who's only financial experience comes from miming other people on reddit.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:51:55
lol ok. good argument.
@_date: 2018-06-07 21:10:18
I'm not sure what you mean by this question
@_date: 2018-06-06 05:51:38
I'd be wary of that statement, particularly because as of now it is a speculative asset. You're hedging bets on it being widely adapted and sought after, when wide adaption makes issues such as scalability even more vital, which is part of its current weakness. In my opinion, Bitcoin's biggest enemy isn't FUD or lack of adaption, it's its competitors in the same space it occupies. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 08:39:10
I agree with this point but consider this: one of the major flaws and challenges that bitcoin has faced is with one party (in this case mining pools) comprising of the majority of computing power for mining bitcoin. Proof of stake has a similar issue in another context. But in essence, if a malicious actor really wanted to devalue Bitcoin at the expense of his/their own holdings, it is possible (I can't imagine why but I'm sure there are certain motivations). If there is a new technology that is resistant to this in the future, it could easily replace bitcoin is the "gold" standard.
I'm not saying bitcoin has a 100% chance of getting knocked off the scene, for whatever reason whether that be what I previously mentioned, or scalability, or transaction speeds, but it's important to keep an open mind with how technology progresses and changes, especially in a pretty fast-developing fintech sphere.
@_date: 2018-06-07 21:18:10
I mean, that's the point of ether. I think you misunderstood me when I said stable. What I meant by that is a stable transactional currency unit in terms of value. There's a lot of comparisons between ether and bitcoin going on in this thread, as well as between ether and other ICO's, but the fact remains is that ether is neither meant to be a currency nor a way of crowdfunding a project unrelated to the network. It's a token for powering the network itself, and thus I don't see it being grouped as a security.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:47:47
adapt by adopting facets of other crypto
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:42:15
Yes, I could have made a mistake in termanology here.
@_date: 2018-06-07 18:03:13
That being said, the goal of ether was never to maintain stable value or be a currency. It's to power smart contracts and programs on the network. People are losing sight of that which is the issue imo. 
@_date: 2018-06-28 20:04:00
"inevitable dominance" lol tell that to the charts 
@_date: 2018-06-06 05:54:14
The fact that the crypto market is vulnerable to manipulation, even bitcoin, says otherwise. The value of the coin only represents the percieved future value of the coin for those speculating that it will be widely adopted in the future. In other words, it doesn't actually represent the value of the project as of now, it  represents what people believe that value of the project will be in the future.
@_date: 2018-06-06 08:32:59
A combination of people not understanding the differences between bitcoin and litecoin as well as the fact that generally only bitcoin sees attention in mainstream media.
Think about it: most people don't even understand the concept of fiat currencies, why on earth would they think about the technical advantages of Litecoin over Bitcoin and vice versa? Also, while I think that the market movements of cryptocurrencies are put simply, dumb as fuck, people try their best not to be dumb with their own money. People realize that Bitcoin will continue to be the one getting mainstream media attention, and thus will always be a relatively safe bet. Right now, people aren't putting their money in what's technologically the best, they're putting money in what they think will make them more, which was part of my original point.
However, the followup to my point is that in the _long run_, bitcoin probably will not hold against its competitors, particularly when adaptation becomes more widespread, and thus to say that bitcoin is undervalued is a faulty statement. Will bitcoin reach new market highs? Probably. Will people make a lot of money off bitcoin in the future? Probably. Is bitcoin undervalued? In my opinion, no (ofc you can argue semantics of what value means but I think my point is clear).
 A parallel I can draw is when companies are initially overvalued to get more money from investors, and then after they do, they can't deliver up to par to what they were valued at, and lose all their investors and self-destruct as a company (pretty common startup occurrence). This is not an unreal possibility for the future of bitcoin. 
In essence, I hate the shilling of the idea that Bitcoin and crypto in its current state is undervalued in the context of how good the technology is. I _do_ believe that the concepts of cryptocurrencies will eventually become valuable though. Whether that will be something else, or bitcoin will adapt, only time will tell.
@_date: 2018-06-06 02:09:40
sounds like someone who's never looked through any open source blockchain related code in their life lol
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:41:10
I meant that bitcoin will adapt facets of other crypto/more advanced technologies, my point has nothing to do with adapting to the current financial system. I think mass adoption of some form of cryptocurrency is inevitable. Please read what I actually wrote before going off on a tangent.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:37:48
Not really when you see more tesla's than toyata prius's in my neighborhood.
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:16:36
Not really. He was pointing out that the issue with those sites wasn't was that they were proprietary and owned by someone, since other sites that were proprietary and owned by someone replaced them. Just how Bitcoin can be replaced by tech that is community based. Ownership is irrelevant in this conversation, which was his point.
Also, bitcoin is not competing with proprietary centralized forces generally in the blockchain space. There are other FOSS platforms and coins that potentially will do everything better, and in if those are truly better, they will replace bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:32:07
Eh, just compare it to eth alone then. a year or two ago, btc was worth 10x more, now its about 3x. In the crypto space it's losing traction. people and companies are taking the model of trustless decentralized applications and applying it elsewhere without the need for bitcoin itself. I think its extremely naive to think that bitcoin holds the same position in the crypto space as linux does in the space of open source os in 2018.
@_date: 2018-03-22 00:22:42
Ether isn't premined. Starting out with x amount of ether distributed to those who participated in a crowdsale or development isn't what premined means. I don't think there are any networks that use proof of work to generate coins are premined. Premined entails that there are a set amount created at genesis, and some are released into the ecosystem over time. By your logic, bitcoin is "premined" too because of the 50 btc genesis block.
Maybe there's a miscommunication here, but when another user said "it won't be replaced by another open source project", I assumed he meant bitcoin, thus when you used Linux as the example for your response, I automatically thought you were comparing Linux's level of dominance to that of bitcoin's. 
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:21:05
Yes, but for bitcoin, it seems like the dethroning is more probably every day. Bitcoin does not have the 50 year head start that people who want to develop their own OS's have, most coins aren't built on low level machine languages but rather high level languages that many programmers know how to work on, and Bitcoin's dominance in the market has had a downward trend, which never occurred to linux over the long run of its existence. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 21:21:27
? Without this kind of practice new drugs would never get developed. I don't see what I don't understand about it. And which other developed countries? Most european countries have different health care systems, particularly in socialist ones. In asian countires, everything comes out of pocket and is 100x more expensive. So I'm not really sure what you're getting at here.
And I don't think you understand how american health insurance works but ok. if you think paying $150 per dose copay for a once in a lifetime drug that saves your life is too much, then maybe you don't think those people should live.
@_date: 2017-09-09 18:36:19
The media includes the internet, not just Fox News, cnbc, and cnn. So yes, your opinion of him has definitely been skewed by the media.
I think a person's intelligence and content they put out is separate from their morals, and even from a moral standpoint, it's kind of debatable.
On his channel he gives tons of good financial and career pushing advice. And I'm not talking about investment advice, but stuff like whether or not it's worth it to rent, etc. Basically how to manage your money and what certain things mean. Stuff you wish they taught you in school as you spiraled into adulthood. He also goes further into his reasoning behind drug price increases and talks to all sorts of people who want to argue with him over it, including patients with HIV.
On the subject of raising prices, that's how the pharma industry is. Regardless of what company it is, all of them jack up prices all the time. You just don't know it. Other than those without insurance (which was illegal under obamacare) the premiums were not changed for his medication. In other words, if you were getting it, you still were. The money (according to him, whether you believe it or not) that he made off the drug went into research, which a lot of drug companies are not doing since most are not trying to find cures/good drugs, but rather ones that can make them the most money over time. I'm not saying he's a 100% good dude or that everything he's done is clean, but he's definitely not the devil the media/the internet painted him out to be.
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:59:17
This. It's a peer to peer transaction. It's like saying that buying and selling gold is a pyramid scheme if the value of gold goes up.
@_date: 2017-09-10 17:53:01
? The investors have to get money back or it wouldn't be an investment. The money for further research has to come from somewhere. Money from investors is essentially a loan. And yes, I know that firms actually use less on r&amp;d than on marketing, which is why I don't even think shkreli's case is as bad as most other pharma companies since he has shown documentation that his company spends more on r&amp;d than any major pharma companies.
@_date: 2017-09-09 20:41:28
Link one case where the price hike stopped accessibility to the drug and someone died because of it. Hint: There are none. Copayments for the drug didn't change as insurance footed the bill, and he even offered the drug to people who couldn't afford it for $1. And I can guarantee you that no one's insurance premiums changed because of that 1 price hike considering less than 2000 people in the US need Daraprim. A single cancer patient's treatment often costs more than the profit margin of the price hike.
Also, I feel like you're under the false impression that Shkreli just pockets the money from the profits of the price hike. Surprise, he has investors and shareholders to please, as well as money he needs to put back into the company for further development and research of new drugs. Not only that, but it costs money to get drugs approved by the government.
Lastly, 5000% price hikes are extremely common in the pharma industry. Most bigger companies put a much smaller percentage back into research. Yes, there are issues with the pharmaceutical industry, but you're always free to start a drug company from scratch if you care about people's healths so much. Provide free medication for them, buy rights and develop new drugs under your own costs. And see how that goes for you.
@_date: 2017-09-10 16:52:26
lol you think investors give money to pharmaceutical companies for the good of the people? I don't think you understand what the term "invest" means. Why the fuck would people give out free money? LOL. They're the shareholders that shkreli needs to please lol. Regardless of where the money comes from, you _need_ higher prices for medicine in this country unless big changes in the government make it such that the government is covering costs for pharmaceutical research. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 23:30:14
I think bitcoin has intrinsic value but the fact that you need electricity to make bitcoin doesn't give it value lol
@_date: 2018-04-22 22:30:01
I mean, I'm not making assumptions about whether they're withholding information or specifically targeting certain types of information to leak. I'm just saying that it wouldn't be a surprise if they did, and so one should view wikileaks with the expectation that they could be doing so. Not sure why other people got so triggered :/
@_date: 2018-04-22 20:28:53
It's theorized that it's selection bias, which is completely believable. Your information can all be credible, but selectively released with specific intentions in mind.