@_author: 13steinj
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:46:47
Not really, at least not in my opinion. It definitely goes against what "currency of origin" is for, ex, USD for US, Yen for Japan;
But you literally can't spend Yen in the US, however there are people that predict that say, in the span of 5 years, one yen will be worth 2 usd. Yes, those numbers are utter bullshit coming straight from my ass, I just wanted a comparison. There are people that hold foreign currencies for years because they predict it's value relative to their currency of origin will grow. Same concept with Bitcoin, only difference is the rate of growth. 
I'm not saying it doesn't go against basic economical sense-- if it *can* become worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, you're expecting a growth rate of at least 900% currently. The higher the wanted and predixted growth rate, the higher the volatility, the higher chance that growth rate can flip to a negative percent and you lose everything. But people don't realize that in the short term. And then if it temporarily becomes negative, people panic due to loss aversion and pull out, increasing supply even further and causing that percent to become even more negative. The higher the growth rate, the more it becomes less of an investment and more of a gamble in the long term.
But to that, let them be stupid.
You never invest more than you're willing to lose. I put in around 800 USD origiinally spread accross three currencies, and in a month it turned into 2700 with a little bit of work and a few sleepless nights of data analysis. I wasn't willing to put any more than 2k back in, so I pulled 700 out and then put back the 2k. Now its around 1.1k. Boo hoo, I knew the risks. Im going to ride it out because from a regression perspective it could turn into 2.7k again within a month and a half as long as I hold. Or it could go all the way to 300. It's a calculated risk. To the people dumping their life savings, or the one coworker I know who was literally willing to wire me 15k yesterday to invest for him under the agreement that I'd earn 5% of his profit, even though I know he can't afford losing it right now, ^(and because of such i didn't accept his offer, much to his whining, but today I'll bet he'll be thanking me for it) let them fuck up. The majority are educated enough, and still are making bad decisions. Their problem, not mine.
E: sorry for the wall of text, I got carried away there. Didn't sleep last night because of unrelated work reasons and it took it's toll on me
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:37:39
They gave a few weeks announcement for Segwit, before the fork fell through.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:23:45
You do understand in technicality everything that is meant to be a currency can also be seen as an investment by citizens of a foreign nation state, right?
Cryptocurrencies don't belong to any one or few nation states, so not only is it an investment by sense of the word of being a foreign currency, but also is technically "foreign" to every country on the planet.
There was some talk about the fed reserve creating it's own cryptocurrency a while ago-- if that is true and does occur, that one would not be able to be used as an investment by any citizen of a nation state that uses US currency in day to day transactions, however other nation states, such as the majority rest of the world, can invest in said currency, for better or worse.
Currencies are investments. There's a reason why the foreign exchange exists.