@_author: 187324324325
@_date: 2017-12-02 12:46:31
Yes but it probably won't work like that in reality. It will be you connecting to a payment processor, which connects to another payment processor, which connects to bob the baker. This is because you need to keep extending the channel between you and the payment processor and keeping it open for months or years. You aren't going to want to do that with bob the baker for various reasons.
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:57:45
That is a lot of words but your initial response to be has nothing to do with what I said nor does it refute it. Your new response still doesn't refute anything I said.
The user will not be setting up a channel with Bob the Baker. You, the user, must commit money into the channel if you are going to be paying Bob the Baker. All you can do with that money is pay Bob the Baker, and that leads to the scenarios I mentioned.
Bob the Baker WILL NOT be fully participating in the lightning network, so you CANNOT use that channel to buy something from Amazon. This is because, for starters, Bob the Baker must have his own bitcoins to send through the lightning network to get to Amazon. He is just a baker, he is not interested in being a financial company, and no random enthusiast will be doing it either.
Find someone else to pretend to know what you are talking about with. Unclick the downvotes on my posts because nothing I said is incorrect and go away.
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:13:39


Yes, but this is supposed to be a large amount that can be drawn down from over time. You are not supposed to do this every single time you use the lightning network otherwise it would defeat the point. For example, you would do:
multisig, 1 week locked transaction of 1btc, maybe party B puts in nothing.
Then, you start performing the lightning transactions, which are fast.
so you use party B to pay 0.1btc to amazon
you both then update the opening transaction to show 0.9btc/0.1btc.
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:02:30
I said, you will have to connect to each place you do business with. The baker, amazon, etc, if you don't go through a single payment processor.
I also said that these bakers will NOT be the ones managing the lightning network process of channels, opening transactions, etc.
What does any of what you said have to do with that? I am guessing there will be no reply because you don't seem to know much....


You will not be running a lightning node as easily as a bitcoin full node. There are security and financial capital requirements that you don't seem to understand.
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:11:13
To be a fully participating member of the lightning network, you are going to need a capital investment. You will need a lot of bitcoins on hand because the user will want to pay for various things and you must pay the next node you are connected to with your own bitcoins (even though you obviously get the money back once everything is done).
You will need to also secure your servers as you will need hot wallets with actual bitcoins that can be stolen. So the main things you need are software engineers, marketing, capital, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-02 11:57:27
No, a channel will be created about as many times as you create a bank account. The channel occurs between you and the "payment processor", and the other persons channel is between them and their payment processor. The payment processors are linked or the same.
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:32:59
No. What happens in your situation is this:
You have to tie up a certain amount of your bitcoins in Bob the Bakers channel. You have to create an opening transaction. You are not going to want to do this with every place you buy things from. Lets say you commit $1000 to Bob the Baker because you go there all the time. That is a lot of money that you now can't use.
If you set a low number, like $100, you will have to create the on-chain transaction much more frequently due to all the transactions being payments and your $100 draining without filling back up. This means your costs for transacting will be much higher.
So you either tie up lots of money in Bob the Baker (who also needs capital to do so, as well as IT skills to run the lightning node and so on), or you pay a high cost in transaction fees.