@_author: 1901bob
@_date: 2017-12-18 23:10:30
I just want people to understand where their money is safe and where their money is not safe. I think genuinely good people do not want any harm to come to others. As you said, sell the free money and use what is most comfortable to you!
Have a happy holidays too :)
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:36:20
I would put 30% of my time into exercise and 70% of my time into the real movement which is introducing people to our technology (new and old), like how Bitcoin first began. While the enterprise side is handled, what you want to do is help educate the mom and pop businesses, the new comers, as this will ensure everything is covered. Bitcoin has the coolest new technology. Videos, demos, one-to-one help your friends and those interested. Basic stuff.
Bitpay will fail. Their extension blocks failed, they need pay-off money when they are suppose to be in the green, NYA failed, the list is long. It is hard for a company to succeed when they change direction, most often they go bankrupt. Competition breathing down their neck, Paypal and Amazon, eager to eat up their market-share. What would you choose? Most will choose Paypal over Bitpay. Their biggest problem is they make their customers suffer, I would instead be doing the most I can to help my customers, though the only way these companies will learn is by losing and losing a lot.
Jihan himself is in an interesting position, he is both a miner and alleged 50% holder of all Bitcoin supply. He also sets the market. In any ordinary world, this is a lethal combo. He is more scared than you know.
Those that promote BCash are far and few, on its best day it has up to 50 people actively promoting it, the same circle of pumping something that yields no turn-over, making themselves look to be hundreds of people. Behind the scenes, this number is closer to 20. Fake people, fake market, fake numbers and no real substance. Then you have the competition, competition that enjoy slicing through fake like butter.
With-in 36 months, their coin will fail and become the biggest economic disaster cryptocurrency has seen. Short-term to long-term, they will eliminate themselves one by one. There is a good reason why their coin is not given any real attention, the world already sees through the fake and you can't fix fake.
If you are invested or using anything other than BTC and or any legitimate coins, it is my advice to have an exit strategy on stand-by, or sell now while the price is high like George of Bitfury did, this is not a stupid guy, he is probably good at predicting the future.