@_author: 1981tyo
@_date: 2018-03-01 14:42:55
MORE ASSFACIA CUSTOMER SERVICE RETCH FROM BITFLYER JAPAN 
BitFlyer Japan continues with their absolutely disgusting jackass customer "service". After repeated phone calls and email to them, in Japan, to confirm identify verification, email verification, phone number verification and finance verification using unequivocally legitimate ID, the stupid jackasses have never been able to get the verification complete, and keep calling and emailing. The phone number they call from previously handled complaints (provided by the brain dead idiots at the Japan Financial Services Agency that authorized the jackasses at BitFlyer to do business) but has since been configured so that customers are unable to call the number, or return calls to BitFlyer if they call you. Here's an example of their jackass shitbrained procedure. 1. BitFlyer calls from (03-6434-5892) 2. Using normal common sense you try to return the call if you've missed it. But the number just rings forever with nobody picking it up. In the past there was a jackass on the other end that picked up. 3. Then you get an email from one of their jackasses that says; "Thanks for your business. We really appreciate it. We just called you and missed you (no shit) and will call later but you can't call us from the number we just called you from" Fucking brilliant. This kind of customer service requires a PhD in computer science and advanced quantum cryptography. If you're trying resolve problems like these you'll NEVER get them resolved and the smartest thing to do is drop BitFlyer A.S.A.P. These people are complete fucking morons and spend none of their operating capital on customer service staff, organization, or training. Any money they do have is spent on cutesy fucking Japanese TV ads broadcast 7 days a week retching up the "benefits" of opening an account with them. These ads are approximately 15 seconds long and can cost $20,000 or more depending on the TV channel, the time slot, and the audience BitFlyer is targeting. So why don't these jackasses spend some money on customer service instead of TV ads? Because they're fucking stupid and their company is just a Ponzi scheme sucking up money from suckers for more advertising and salary perks. Don't open an account at BifFlyer. Cancel your account NOW if you have one. Do it NOW or you'll regret it. They don't give a shit and run about the suckers they sign up and they're laughing all the way to the bank.   