@_author: 19b34413f6f60afd6e4c
@_date: 2014-07-15 13:22:11
This is neat.
Possible nit-pick. (or misunderstanding on my part)
This is obtained from data out of the block chain? So what you're showing is the relation of coins to wallets, not people - no? People can (and do) have multiple wallets, and probably share wallets too but I'd guess that is more rare.
It would also be nice to see the number of un-mined BTC in comparison to this. (how much of the pyramid is left to build)
Thanks for the effort!
@_date: 2014-07-30 04:00:40


Even aside from the whole user-friendly issue, which I think is easily overcome...
Paper wallets may burn, otherwise become illegible, be stolen, become inaccessible for any number of reasons including lost key or combination, civil unrest, natural disaster, etc.
IF CoinBase or other third parties are trustworthy, they're safer for many easily imagined scenarios because they remove the need for physical access. Of course that advantage comes with trade-offs.
@_date: 2014-06-07 19:53:58
Newbie here. Please anyone, chime in if I'm missing the obvious or providing incorrect information. I'm writing this mainly to make sure I understand as much as I think I do…
**Recurring payments** *as they're thought of today* would be impossible except maybe for online wallets, and even that would be problematic. The reasoning is pretty simple - how would you work that out currently for a cash transaction?
Recurring payments via automatic credit card or bank transfer rely on special trusted access granted to service providers. (payment processors &amp; financial institutions) They're allowed to insert transactions almost arbitrarily, with trust guaranteed mostly by reputation and the threat of future access being revoked but also by regulation.
Setting up a recurring payment from a local or online wallet should / would be easy enough for the payer. But there's no guaranty in that for the payee. It would only be a convenience - essentially a reminder.
In my mind I worked out a couple schemes allowing an online wallet provider to set up recurring transactions on your behalf - but I'm pretty sure they won't work due to technical requirements of block chain messages. The only way I think it could work is if the online provider has access to the private key for your wallet.
At that point the online wallet provider would be acting as a bank does now, and you'd have to trust them the same as a bank. For that matter, they could behave the way a credit card issuer does - they could pay, and essentially bill you for the amount, charging you (and/or the payee) some amount based on various factors.
That additional layer would recycle a lot of today's financial system, which might be comforting to a lot of existing players. For me, that is all the more reason not to have it. It might be useful to work that way in the future, but certainly right now I think it would destroy many of the benefits Bitcoin offers.