@_author: 1anonymousorg
@_date: 2014-08-15 12:29:58
The main problem is bitcoin does signatures with
That is Koblitz Curve ECC and the r1 version is known to be cooked by nsa with cooked seed keys
Also sha-256 uses HMAC seed keys
The problems with all seed keys are, if there are relationships in the seed numbers understood only the developer (NSA), then they can back door the crypto.
Look up Professor Frenkel out of Berkley on youtube, he has a nice layman's video explaining this for those that doen't understand PRNG's and P n G and Seed Keys etc.
Note in his videos he says they come out of NIST, a US Gov agency and NIST took 10 Million from NSA to push r1 not k1 and r1 is known now to be cooked.
Is k1 cooked?
It's koblitz curve ecc, and if you search for koblitz and nsa and bitcoin you see how deep in the NSA he is.
October 2008 Satoshi released bitcoin paper
Day before Koblitz released his own paper praising the NSA and the security of ECC that is now known to be back doored.
So anything related to Koblitz is no good now in the opinion of some crypto experts.
Koblitz just joined Etherum this year.
All of Koblitz's recent work has been co-authored by a key guy at certicom, so that's corrupt too.
If you can't trust certicom, bitcoin, ecc and etherum, that leaves MAYBE RSA as the only real secure encryption now.
Koblitz tainted anything related to ECC
@_date: 2014-08-15 12:04:07
Every hear of helix equations? It's based on every prime number above 5 is on 1 of only 8 spirals, proving PRIMES ARE NOT RANDOM.
Prime based cryptography depends on primes being random, so now we know they are not random, they all exist on only 8 prime spirals, the first one was theorized in 1963, the ULAM spiral, in 1995 the Adoni Prime Spirals were theorized and it came with a warning, this math would destroy all prime based encryption.
So understanding the PRNG (jk) of the infiinite universe of primes, the 8 prime spirals, you unlock all the relationships in primes to a root prime.
This also creates the infinite universe of composites, in other words the 8 prime spirals are the skeleton keys to universal number theory.
The 8 prime spirals were test in 2012 inside PyPrimes against many prime algorithms, all the new alogrithms like wheel factorization did terribly. The fastest algorithm was still the sieve of Eratosthenes AGAINST ALL ALGORITHMS except for one.
Guess what was the only prime algorithm to generate more primes faster?
THE 8 PRIME SPIRALS.
Imagine that, for 2500 years mathematicians tried to find a better prime algorithm than the ancient sieve, and none could find it.
THAT IS WORTHY OF A NOBEL
They guys name is Dr. Sol Adoni
A pure genius.
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:30:16
It uses Koblitz curve seed keys too.
@_date: 2014-08-15 18:05:28
Interesting his book released btc value 654 or so.
Now it's 490 or so.
Huge value drop since it was released...
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:20:07
The Snowden docs on wiki leaks shows the NSA has backdoors in at least some of the ECC class of crypto, developed by Neal Koblitz.
The more popular ECC crypto used by most was the one Snowden had docs on, the one used by Bitcoin didn't have such docs.
However, a few days before Satoshi released his 2008 Paper on Bitcoin, Neal Koblitz released his own paper praising ECC crypto and the NSA.
So some think it is suspicious that the creator of ECC crypto just happened to release his own paper praising what is now known to be backdoored.
Some in the bitcoin world think the use of the Koblitz curve ECC by Satoshi was a 'lucky' thing, since the more popular ECC crypto appears to have been backdoored.
But it's very suspicious that just days before Bitcoin paper is released with Koblitz curve crypto there was Neal Koblitz praising the NSA and ECC crypto as a whole.
Then you have the certicom issue, it's supposed to be Blackbery and the main guy at certicom is always the co-author of new Neal Koblitz ECC papers.
Now you have Etherum and guess who was hired as an advisor, Neal Koblitz.
NSA's job is secure and break crypto for USA, so you look at all the crypto, ECC, Blackberry, etc and you see Neal Kolbitz. Now he's in bed with Etherum.
Now when ECC was being pushed by NIST and the Snowden docs show 10 Million going to NIST from the NSA to push the cooked ECC crypto, all you see are red flags.
NSA Suite B is the key it's used in most crypto today.
So all crypto may be cooked.
How do you cook ECC? Well there's some good videos explaining it on youtube, math professors explaining that if the seed keys to ECC have known mathematical relationships to the developer (NSA) then they can easily cook or back door it.
Bottom line is RSA warned about all this and no one listened, and now RSA is looking more secure than anything connected to ECC/Koblitz/NSA.
TOR came out of Naval Intelligence and the NSA came out of Naval Intelligence.
In the early 1980's the NSA tried to muzzle academia in the USA with all kinds of stuff like saying any encryption related academic papers in the USA had to go through the NSA.
Academia didn't go for it, so they switched gears and just bought all academics with NSA grants.
When you start to look around at all the papers the past 30 years you see one publisher in control Springer-Verlag.
Guess who publishes Koblitz's biography and papers.
So that may be the black op channel to pay off all the crypto geeks via Springer-Verlag.
More and more it's looking like RSA may be the only secure crypto left.
Very few people really know squat about crypto, and every word I've said is based upon research showing the somewhat hidden connections to NSA in all versions of ECC.
The seed keys in ECC are way smaller than the prime seeds in RSA too, so they sold ECC on how small it was to work with saving computer power in doing the crypto. So if the seed keys are cooked, you have no encryption really with ECC.
Snowden is the tip of the iceberg in this whole mess.
@_date: 2014-08-15 11:57:24
And what parts do you consider 'terrible', interesting choice of words, terrible infers to your mind, it is TERRIBLE, not incorrect. Yes it is TERRIBLE to think most if not all crypto today is controlled and back doored by the NSA.
Now if you think something is incorrect, what is it, I can verify all the statements. 
I'll assume you meant terrible as in so frightening to your mind you think it is TERRIBLE that the NSA did such things.
