@_author: 1cewolf
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:21:22
Yeah, how dare you *steal* that spammer's bandwidth! Every time you ignore a promotional email, you're *stealing* because it took someone time and effort to write it!
The self-entitled "creators" are so quick to berate dissenters and so slow to see how misguided they are. They give themselves lofty titles like "creator" - remember the days when a writer was simply a writer? - berate their audience as thieves, try to foist the advertising industry's unethical business practices on them, and then throw up their hands in exasperation when people have the nerve - the *nerve!* - to take matters into their own hands.
Here's an idea: you don't win friends by making enemies. Adapt your business model to something your audience is willing to accept. If there isn't a suitable business model, then accept it and move on. Times change. I'm sure buggy whip makers didn't like it when the automobile made their product obsolete.
@_date: 2014-06-02 12:26:35
Here, here. Besides everything you said, many advertisers make a habit of tracking you without your consent or knowledge. "Do Not Track?" A voluntary standard for one of the least scrupulous industries out there? Ha.
Besides invading people's privacy, tracking data can also be tapped by the government and further used to violate your privacy. A little while ago, there was a story about how the NSA uses Google's PREF cookie.
I support "content creators" who make the conscious choice not to ally themselves with an unethical industry out of their own self interest. If you don't care about the consequences to me and act entitled to boot, I won't financially support you.
One of the online communities I'm a part of raises tens of thousands of dollars every quarter because its members understand issues like this. I'm a regular donor.
@_date: 2014-06-03 12:26:19
Perhaps you could start by asking your friends in the Internet advertising industry to behave more ethically. I'm willing to get my news from netcasts and the radio even though they include advertising (sponsors) because the advertising they use isn't invasive. It doesn't follow me from one moment to the next, track my every move, expose me to malware, and send data to the government. I can easily ignore the ads if I so choose; they don't demand my full attention the way pop-ups, pop-unders, and moving ads do on the Internet.
However poorly you esteem these sources, I can get what I need from them.
If the "creators" cannot use their immortal knowledge to enact change, then I suppose they'll simply have to adapt to changing circumstances the way mere men have done throughout history.
What a world you must live in that the most obvious reason for doing something without pay for a large audience is propaganda. I'm sure that's news to the thousands of software developers who work on the Linux kernel or the people who run Project Gutenberg. There are those of us who do what we do simply because we love it. Not everyone is fixated on money.
The prescription for change is as follows: do away with the entitlement mentality, look at the plank in your own eye before trying to remove the speck of dust from mine, which means to question your choice of partner in the unethical Internet advertising industry, and learn to work cooperatively with your audience.
Since I can tell that you probably aren't receptive to any of this, I won't bother responding any further. Feel free to get in the last word if you must.
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:46:19
There's that assertion again: whether you call it "stealing" or merely "taking," that I'm a thief. 
I understand why people like you are upset. Like it or not, the Internet has shifted the balance of power toward users with regard to certain business models. Instead of stuffing pages full of advertising for an easy buck, you have to play by *our* rules. Nobody likes giving up power.
My security trumps whatever income you feel that you're entitled to. When your source of income is frequently disruptive, tracks me, may share tracking information with the government, may result in exposure to malware, and comes from an industry that willfully ignores people's requests to behave responsibly (Do Not Track), it won't touch my computer. 
You (in the generic sense) can either continue to fight us in order to prop up an aging business model, like the RIAA, or accept that many of us are interested in an alternative business model. You are *not* entitled to make money simply because you made something. It's good that Reddit is exploring ways other than advertising to make money.
It's entirely possible for large discussion forums to exist solely on user donations, by the way. I'm a monthly donor to a popular political forum. This past quarter, we raised $85,000 without a single red cent from advertisers, sugar daddies, or sponsors. We'll raise a similar amount in Q3 and Q4, just as we always do.