@_author: 1legspider
@_date: 2014-09-23 11:02:06


Can you spell out the difference as you see it - e.g. in which is likely to have the greatest impact on our collective attention? Remember, it is our human attention (you,me anyone) that is the bottleneck here...
This article by Kevin Kelly of Wired fame (if you have not heard of him, do some research) lays out my position in a succinct manner:
Why You Should Embrace Surveillance, Not Fight It
I imagine it will be controversial around here...
@_date: 2014-09-23 11:56:39
I agree with much that you say, note however, whereas I understand your fear of the (diminishing) power of the state, I agree more with this quote derived from elsewhere "The government (the US government anyway) is the least of your worries. Private entities are far more numerous, far more "morally flexible", and far more predatory."
As for the prescription, in my view giving everyone same access to effective 'privacy/anonymity' tools where disparities such as this already exist...
"richest 1 percent in the United States now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent" according to Wikipedia here 
...is a recipe for even greater disaster than we have now. IMO It will give "them" free-for-all power, whilst now there are at least some checks and balances, however imperfect.
What are your thoughts on this article by Kevin Kelly?
Why You Should Embrace Surveillance, Not Fight It - Kevin Kelly
@_date: 2014-05-19 19:40:51
I agree with the scenario - In fact it is almost inevitable IMO. But need it be so undesirable as you make out?
As we know, today, the real power brokers, be they mega corporations, less so governments and governmental agencies (certainly in the West they are at least more politically accountable), more scarily the criminals and hackers combined with rich and powerful individuals can STILL use the internet with impunity affecting the lives of millions - and yet more or less cover their tracks... (as I argue below, that has been getting increasingly harder for them to do, particularly if they are public facing)
Your assumption that your or mine 'privacy' is of the same 'value' as one of the above parties, particularly the criminal, whose digital actions can and does impact millions (without easy traceability) needs looking at again.
The rich, powerful and criminal have always had the ability in the past to cover up their 'secrecy' - they have had the most to benefit from covering their information flows from prying eyes, whether it be buying political influence, escaping justice, gaming systems to protect their wealth or transacting in weapons to subjugate the masses...
The internet has made this harder to do. To generate wealth and influence  in the new age means leaving a huge digital trail which leaves many opportunities for leaks...
The real message of Snowden, is that it is getting harder and harder to keep secrets however powerful you are  - the internet has increased transparency by default meaning we have the chance to be more democratic than we have ever been before.. because now "we the common man and woman" can find out stuff we never would have found out before - and have the option to organise en-masse to change things if we feel sufficiently motivated.
So why oh why would you want an "anonymous internet" where you keep your 'little purchases' secret when the same tech could be used to anonymously buy millions of votes or a hundred tanks and you would be none-the-wiser? - Can you see that the rich and powerful would want you to think exactly that your 'privacy' is important? 
The best thing about bitcoin is the blockchain which promises greater transparency and accountability  - which is what we want - but does not quite deliver because it does not go far enough in terms of identity and reputational systems...
So I think a world where the internet is engineered to be a  'symmetrical public space' where every request of personal data/every transaction is trackable INCLUDING when requested by "The Watchers" is the safest bet you could have then assymetrical one we have at the moment - Worst case in my scenario is the one where "everyone" can protect their measly little secrets - as if anyone cares what you do as long as you do not break the law - of course where every one watches, we will have better laws than we do now.
Read this article by Kevin Kelly of Wired if you want to glimpse this inevitable future... I don't think it is one to fear at all:
Why You Should Embrace Surveillance, Not Fight It:
