@_author: 1minoruzjsyebgxjdykg
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:44:16
Good to see that Andreas is on board, but we still need many more people in favor of increasing the block size limit. One question that we still need to answer is what happens when blocks start to fill the 20mb limit? Do we just increase the limit again? We need a plan for what happens in the future regarding scaling bitcoin. I admit that Peter Todd has a good point in that continuing to increase the block size limit could increase bad mining practices that already exist with 1mb blocks.
@_date: 2015-05-30 20:58:08
The block size limit has to be one of the first major scalability issues for Bitcoin. I am interested to see how a decentralized community will fix it. Thanks for the link and I can't wait to listen to this.
@_date: 2015-05-30 21:45:47
Here are some things that I found interesting while listening:
It takes about a year to roll-out a large change like a block size increase, so that is why Gavin is so concerned about this right now.
There are other ways to reduce transaction size, but those proposals do not take advantage of the decentralized nature of bitcoin.
Unfortunately, this engineering discussion has become a discussion about ideology. Gavin tries to stay neutral.
Increasing the block size limit will increase some operating costs, but it is modest. The biggest cost is the human labor needed to implement the change.
A dynamic block size limit could be abused by the miners giving them too much control over bitcoin.
Peter Todd's argument starts at about 25 minutes in:
Peter sees this as an ideological debate. He wants to see everyone validating transactions themselves to maintain the decentralized nature of bitcoin.
People can use Tor to get around oppressive regulations today, but a block size limit would make using bitcoin on slow internet connections difficult.
As bitcoin grows, it becomes harder and harder to get the consensus needed to make large changes to the bitcoin protocol. So after the 20mb block size limit is reached, do we just increase it to 40mb and then 80mb and so on? Who gets to decide the future of bitcoin?
Reaching the limit would create a market for innovative solutions. For example, Satoshi Dice, one of the largest producers of bitcoin transactions, and ChangeTip moved some of their transactions off-chain in response.
A controversial fork could temporarily make bitcoin difficult to use until a majority agreement is reached.
Larger blocks would discourage the lengthy block verification process and force miners to mine without verification.
Increasing the block size limit would further incentivise large mining pools which are vulnerable to centralization. Smaller pools could decrease profitability by 50% in one hypothetical scenario.
Peter would accept the block size limit increase if they could figure out how to make larger blocks propagate the network just as fast as smaller blocks, but there is no known way to do this.
Gavin says, “The things that are most resistant to regulation are things that millions of people all over the world are using and are happy with.”
Peter thinks that Satoshi made some mistakes in his forum posts talking about ways to scale bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-30 23:47:11
Overall, I agree with Gavin Andresen. He has the most rational thought process. Peter Todd wants to do nothing which would be harmful for the future of bitcoin. Most of Peter's arguments already exist with 1mb blocks. He contradicts himself in saying that he likes decentralization, but he wants the bitcoin market to create centralized solutions to the block size limit. Peter Todd wants to see that bitcoin is perfect before it grows more, but bitcoin doesn't need to be perfect to revolutionize the way consensus is reached in the world. Not everyone in the world that pays online can setup a full node. That is OK. Bitcoin will change as it grows, but the fundamental utility of bitcoin will stay the same. If you haven't already seen Gavin Andresen's blog posts, you can find them here: 
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:34:14
I have lost my respect for the bitcoin community right now. Discussion about changes to the bitcoin protocol cannot trigger an all out war. Bitcoin developers and moderators of forums have been blinded by ideology so much that they fail to see truth. They resort to censorship to try to rescue their loosing argument. I thought that we were all on the same team to get this technology to the mainstream, but I overlooked the risk that bitcoin would destroy itself. Congratulations to Gavin and Mike for keeping calm and writing code instead of trying to destroy other people's proposals to improve bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:08:06
Verify that the linked address is correct here: 