@_author: 1pieceshortofapuzzle
@_date: 2017-01-23 16:07:49
I still stand by my statement. I was just kidding.  superficial correlation does not equal causation to paraphrase NimbleBodhi.
Ironically though, I stumbled upon several news articles attempting to link the two events.  I have to wonder if this post got into the artificial brain of a news writing neural net and contributed to the appearance of those articles.  *scratches head* ok enough pondering for the day.  So MUCH work to do!
@_date: 2017-01-20 18:52:55
of course I was just kidding around. Loosely correlated superficial observation.  ;) 
@_date: 2017-01-20 17:29:55
@_date: 2016-12-28 01:46:29
Exactly this.  I just started buying into it myself.  I own a small amount, just under 200 bucks worth.  Started buying it at 740/coin and its now over 900!!! (*HMD explodes*)
Trying to convince my wife that the risk is acceptable enough to consider this as a long term investment strategy.  My 180 investment over 2 weeks only ended up getting me 150 worth of coins.  My question is, per this awesome article, how can I avoid or at least minimize exchange fees?  I think the average is 4% from the few places I've looked into.  Also, are there any exchanges or wallets to watch out for?  
The nature of bitcoin makes me weary to leave anything in a publicly hosted wallet so I will most likely opt for cold storage on an encrypted sd card partition.  This partition is sharing space with a rasberri pi installation image. I have backed up the entire sd card as an image file and replicated to a second pi for redundancy.  I would have to loose both pi's, the backup image, and the password to the os on the PI which is also backed up some place safe and offline.   The bit coin client is pre-installed, the encryption password is stored in the pi's OS so it will unlock on boot with a complex password.  A smart person could "easily" circumvent this security setup but I've not many that would think to look in the right places for a key to this puzzle box.  Plus, I may just be `user` enough one day to lose that password+backup lol.  I can hack back into it if I have to.  I basically boot up a pi, connect it to a network, and transfer coin in or out when I want to access it. 
Bragging aside, will people without a  skill set similar to mine be able to safely invest in this? 