@_author: 1tsbananas
@_date: 2019-03-28 16:27:31
Awesome ! Thanks 
@_date: 2019-03-28 15:41:21
Hey guys and gals ... recently ran into a situation where I need to find out how to access my public key and I’m not sure how ... probably a dumb question I know ... but is it the same as my bitcoin address ?
@_date: 2018-12-08 02:36:53
As someone who looooosely follows the happenings in bitcoin but is an actual investor in it ... I usually don’t get hopeful , or lose any hope here . There’s always a pretty diverse crowd . I’d like to say I’ve been savvy in all the transactions I’ve made involving it , but can any one say that with 100% certainty ? I’ve bought at bad times every time considering it’s at its lowest since I started . I’ve been lucky ( I think ) as of late because somehow I HAVE managed to successfully short it at the right times . It gives me a little anxiety every time, sure , but I’ve also followed the advice on not putting in more than I can afford to lose . The thing that keeps me going is the fact that see other posts here about bitcoin ATM’s and businesses still using it in a lot of places . I think the idea of crypto-currency in general is the future ... and I think that it will eventually gain value again . I’m definitely in it for what a lot of you think is the wrong reasons ( to make money ) but if you’re honestly in it just because you believe in the tech , wouldnt your money be just as well spent on other charities ? I guess I’m a hodler , but for the wrong reasons ... cause I’ll still be buying in when ever my stupid brain says “ eh , ok ... this might be the lowest ... better grab a little more before the moon! “ either way ... guess I’m just trying to say ... thanks folks. Cause beyond the bs and back and forth between who’s making the right choices with their money, we’re all here for the same reason . Interest in driving lambos ... that and some of you mother fuckers are pretty informative at times .
@_date: 2018-12-08 02:49:17
Ha! I’m an idiot , you guys are great company , I’m gonna keep being an idiot .