@_author: 1uazznfbwi
@_date: 2015-06-06 10:34:58
If you believe in the concept and nothing has happened to undermine that belief then you have no choice but to hang on tight and wait for it to grow organically which will be very slow. If it goes ballistic then we will only know why in hindsight, at the moment it is gaining general acceptance, people are getting used to the strangeness of the terminology, some of us have seen this all before with the Web, one minute it's new the next minute everyone is using it. It doesn't help that most of the early adopters are young people who want everything done yesterday (preferably yesterday morning because yesterday afternoon would be too late) and haven't seen a tree grow, let alone a whole new technology. This 'Are we nearly there yet?' mentality is a bit grating but quite understandable. Notable events on the horizon are the halving in 2016 but there is a lot of pushback from established interests such as portraying it as the preferred currency of criminals and keeping a tight stranglehold on entry and exit ramps. When people can buy and sell bitcoin through their banks and post offices in the same way they can buy currency to take abroad you will know we are nearly there.
@_date: 2014-12-18 10:20:24
Tipping is not native to many cultures, for example in the UK it is quite rare to tip, we expect people to charge the cost of doing a service properly. I'm not saying this is better, in the UK service is usually very poor, a system whereby part of the price is 'reserved' against excellence in delivery seems to work much better.
But I don't think the amounts that are tipped on ChangeTip really qualify as 'tipping' in that sense as they are so small. Somebody just tipped me $0.10 for a post it took me an hour to write and I collected it out of curiosity as to how it works, but I won't do it again because it requires registration and ChangeTip can now link my identity to a bitcoin address so I will probably change my Reddit identity. This was a big unforseen drawback. For $0.10 it isn't worth it and while I would pick up the equivalent if I saw it on the ground, using ChangeTip is much more work than just reaching down.
It would just be better if every Reddit post generated a QR code if you hovered over a user's name for tipping directly, either using details given to Reddit (deprecated) or by a client/bot that is primed by the poster. Then you could get notified by your wallet client if you had been tipped.
Getting $0.10 per post would work if (say) you got 1,000 tips and this is the micropayments model (not really tipping). I think ChangeTip is much more akin to this except that once you have seen someone get tipped then usually 'the job is done' even if that tip is $0.11. In that case it is really just an expression of approval which could more properly done in writing. The message was 'Random Act of BITS :)' which left me guessing whether it was even related to my post. A simple message would have been worth as much, I appreciate the sentiment but how does attaching $0.10 to a Post-It Note add value to the message?
I have used bitcoin to send money to people who have had motorbike accidents, overseas charities, overseas politicians with pro-bitcoin agendas, wallet projects and Wikipedia. In every case it was done via a public bitcoin address with no leakage of identity and never for less than about $10. Even if you look at Twitch which narrowcasts some frankly unwatchable content the donations are between $3 and $5 and not $0.10.
TL;DR Micropayments only work in a mass market and tipping only works when the amounts are credible. ChangeTip is basically a bitcoin faucet.
@_date: 2014-02-13 11:52:25
I was, but I have just about scraped together enough knowledge to know that you can't work back from a hash to a key so your answer was fine. Thanks again. 8&lt;)
@_date: 2014-11-19 16:26:15
I think there is one threat that we haven't dealt with and that is people's ability to short bitcoin. I know that people argue that the ability to short currencies and assets is part of the free market and price discovery mechanism, however what they never mention is that shorting is open to corruption in a way that does not act symmetrically in the market.
Shorting is basically betting with another person that the price of bitcoin is going to be lower at some part in the future. Once you have made that bet, it is in your interests for the price of bitcoin to fall and also in your interests to spread fear, uncertainty and doubt about bitcoin. Any currency or asset is far more likely to fall 5% on an unfounded rumour than it is to rise 5%, therefore the net effect of shorting is to drive prices down for no reason other than personal greed. A small number of people going 'short' has the same effect as a much larger number going 'long'.
Short selling of bitcoin causes instability in price and coordinated groups of short sellers can spread misinformation and rumours, causing holders to panic and sell. 'Naked shorting' where you bet with assets you don't own, is illegal in most regulated markets.
Many currencies have been brought down by shorting. On 16 September 1992 the British  government was forced to withdraw the pound sterling from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism (ERM) after it was unable to keep the pound above its agreed lower limit in the ERM. George Soros, the most high profile of the currency market investors, made over 1 billion GBP profit by short-selling sterling.
In case you are about to say that it is the instability of the currency or asset that brings them down, not the shorting, I'm just going to repeat that it is the ability of shorters to manipulate market sentiment asymetrically downwards by spreading FUD, that causes unnecessary and unwarranted damage to assets, not their short positions.
@_date: 2014-09-07 18:50:02
See my reply regarding research.
@_date: 2014-03-17 09:24:57
I think the factors that are relevant to price at the moment are:    
- the exchanges are operating more effectively and people are trading on smaller movements like they do with other commodities/currencies leading to a dampening effect  
- there is no *significant* 'good news' on adoption (such as it being accepted by Amazon or PayPal). All the good news is minor good news.  
- the good news plus the upside risk is balanced by the 'bad' news such as the rather pointless talk about regulation  
- there is a large number of bitcoins for which the future is uncertain. This includes Mr Nakamoto's stash, the Silk Road haul and now Mt Gox's missing millions. It is likely that these will be converted into fiat at some time, nobody knows when  
- A large number of people who could, and would, use Bitcoin have an iPhone and there is no iPhone wallet yet  
- There are very few routes to invest in bitcoin except by buying some. The exchange-traded funds will alter that.  
- Multi-sig will bring much greater security and reliability to end-users but we are waiting for it to be incorporated into mainstream wallets.    
I expect a change in any of the above to move the price significantly.
@_date: 2014-08-11 08:46:19
Dentist with 33 years in practice here - don't buy this product! It is basically powdered chalk. It does not strengthen your teeth and gums, you will not benefit substantially, it will not stop you getting cavities, it will not make your teeth stronger etc etc etc I'm not getting into the fluoride debate. Give your bitcoins to Sean's Outpost or the children in Gaza or something, not this woo.
@_date: 2014-06-09 09:33:32
I run a membership association and on a £315 subscription PayPal charges me £10.91 per member to pass on the money.
@_date: 2014-02-13 11:31:00
Thanks for helping me out with that so quickly.
@_date: 2014-11-24 11:09:27
Again, completely misunderstanding how HoC works. MPs only go to debates when they are likely to be on camera (PM Question Time), or if there is a debate where a large number of rebels mean the vote is uncertain, or if something extremely unusual or historical is happening. Otherwise the Whips agree to net off large numbers of MPs so they can get on with constituency and other work while keeping up with the work of the House without needing to be there.
Most MPs already have their interests BEFORE they get elected, they seek election to pursue those interests, not to get lumbered with new ones belonging to someone else. The exception is Ministerial jobs where people get responsibilities thrust upon them to further their career, even then there is usually some loose connection (for example Ann Keen MP got to run the Department of Health because she used to be a nurse ffs).
Of course they all say 'I wish more people were here'—it's a way of ingratiating yourself with the enthusiasts in the room. It's like going to a meeting of Metal Detectorists and saying that you think Metal Detecting should definitely be on the National Curriculum.
Probably only three people in the House of Commons even know how money is created, but the point is that the rest of them are lazy enough to delegate the decisions to those three, content to know that the subject has been 'debated'. Tomorrow it will be the three on defence, then the three on health, then the three on land reform, then the three on social security etc etc. Two hundred headline subjects times three equals six hundred Members of Parliament on the proviso that any one of them can comment on any topic at any time.
This is good news. An accurate link to the debate is 
@_date: 2014-10-13 09:29:07
Circle is still limited to the US where the credit cards are not secured by chips, PINs or on-line systems that require you to provide three characters from a password like MasterCode. Paradoxically for a company that is so paranoid about charge-back fraud it rolled out to one customer at a time, the more secure the card, the less well it works.
@_date: 2014-02-05 11:32:44
I am a dentist and accept it. PM me if you need advice.
@_date: 2014-08-11 09:14:21
We will have to switch to a system based on consumption rather than income. So your state and local sales taxes will be much higher, but your income tax will be low or non-existent. This seems to be much fairer as rich people spend more and it's more difficult to hide your spending than it is your income. Also, if you are a business it will still be possible to estimate how much tax you should be declaring (on payroll, for example) even if you are paying in bitcoins and property taxes will still exist because you can't hide your house. Overall the emphasis will shift from income to spending.
@_date: 2014-02-15 11:05:50
Summary: bitcoin would benefit from a centralised point of contact for the media. bitcoinfoundation.org should host media releases. Agreement on the content of media releases could be decentralised.
Here is a way it could work. All people need is an agreed message. The repetition of the same message by everyone is the key to effective PR. Last week's message could have been "Transaction malleability is not a weakness, poor customer service is".
While I initially wanted to propose Andreas as head of PR because he is a good communicator, like it or not he is going to burn out pretty quickly if we give him another job. It would be better to take a line from Andreas (and others) on what the message is we are trying to get out. That opinion could be reached in a decentralised way based on the Wisdom of the Crowd. Reddit is very good at doing this quickly. By reading this forum I can get a pretty accurate idea very quickly of what the truth is. What we need is Rumor Control (Alien 3) "Once again, this is rumor control. Here are the facts."
We must be open and transparent to avoid small problems being portrayed in the sensationalist media as big ones (transaction malleability=known bitcoin flaw results in $2.6m stolen). One of the biggest risks bitcoin faces is that its brand will be poisoned by association with drugs, money-laundering, fraud and theft. To a certain extent this is already happening.
Yesterday I tried to explain bitcoin to four people starting with how fantastic it was that the Byzantine's General problem had been solved. Big mistake. I should have started with how bitcoin is going to revolutionise charitable giving, frictionless micropayments etc. The fact it is the first innovation in financial services for 30 years should come second. Feel free to correct me if you think I am getting the list wrong, that's the point. Legislators would find it hard to crack down on a system designed to make charitable giving easier.
Gavin's statements are great (I don't know Gavin, please excuse the informality), but they are really for internal consumption. They are too complicated for mainstream media. Bitcoinfoundation.org would be the logical place for people to go for media releases, but they don't have a media release page only a contact email. Having said all this I have joined Bitcoinfoundation and offered to help, perhaps they are thinking the same way already. There is no reason why media messages can't be crowdsourced any more than the code.
I appreciate that this makes the Bitcoinfoundation.org look like it is 'in charge' of bitcoin and people will go further and infer that they in some way control it, but I assume it is true to say that they are the custodians of the holy grail (the code) and therefore in some way should be a central point of contact. The media is assuming that, in any case and will continue to do so unless pointed elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:49:18
Thanks for all those replies, and I appreciate that once you give away the seed you have given away your security, but what I am asking is: if an attacker has the private keys/seed for deterministic wallet W, and an address 1xxxxetc obtained separately, can he prove that address 1xxxetc was created by wallet W? Can he recreate the addresses that have ALREADY been generated by wallet W to check them against his list of suspect addresses? He would have the keys to that address but can he prove that? Can he check the blockchain for all transactions involving addresses for which he has seized the keys and which he might be able to control? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-04-15 21:58:24
The 1:1 refers to their price in bitcoins. 5 bitcoins on the main chain will translate into 5 bitcoins on an alt-chain. Suppose I invent an alt-chain that adds some value to the Bitcoin protocol (faster transactions for example), then I can buy bitcoins on the main block (for $500 for example), move them into my alt-chain and sell them for (say) $600. Soon, arbitrage means that all bitcoins are worth $600.
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:36:39
Not making any extraordinary claims??
* I no longer get cavities...
* My teeth are stronger...
* Significant improvement in abcesses?
* Thickens the enamel?
The tooth-whitening reference refers to extrinsic stain (from tobacco or wine) not the actual color of your teeth. It doesn't whiten your teeth - what it is saying is that if you get stains on your teeth and you brush your teeth then those stains come off. Big whoop.
The other study says that bacteria have more trouble holding on to teeth if they are polished and therefore more difficult for the bacteria to grip onto. Not really a world-changer and nothing specifically to do with this powder.
Plus—No contact details on the Web site, not even an email address. Don't waste your cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-09-07 18:49:22
It is you who is making the extraordinary health claims. Therefore the burden of proof is on you to show that they are true. Also, you have a financial interest in the claims, so you must produce a double blind, randomised controlled trial published in a well-known and authoritative peer-reviewed scientific journal to show that powdered chalk has all the health benefits you claim. Not going to happen.
@_date: 2014-02-13 13:11:28
Fundamentally I was asking because I have followed PGP from inception and I assumed both wallets and receiving addresses were public/private key pairs and couldn't understand how they might be linked.
I stand corrected but ultimately it seems to me that transaction analysis is going to mean that my addresses are all going to be linked to me one way or another (even assuming they aren't made public) so in effect whoever wants to analyse my finances has the equivalent of my bank account in front of them. At least at the moment if the authorities want to see my bank account they have to get a Court Order!
I think people are forgetting in the early days of IP addresses nobody ever thought they would be tied down to countries, let alone individuals, so I am wondering how we could frustrate that this time round.
@_date: 2014-09-07 18:44:52
it would 'hit' everyone in proportion to their spending, so no, it would affect the rich more. If you are trying to make a point about the fact that the poor have to spend a larger percentage of their wages on essentials than the rich,  then that's a different point.
@_date: 2014-11-20 15:36:08
You are misunderstanding how the House of Commons works. The fact that nobody is there is a good thing - it indicates that a concensus has been agreed or that the issue is non-controversial. The House of Commons has internal CCTV and the debate can be seen from every MP's office and public space. There is no need to be physically present in the chamber unless you are needed to vote. Even the lobbyists don't attend to watch the debates any more, they watch them live on the BBC Parliament channel.
Issues in Parliament are delegated, for example if they are having a debate on 'dentistry' then only the MPs who are dentists and other dental stakeholders might turn up. There is no point in MPs trying to influence a debate which they don't understand or specialise in.
The rest of the MPs will find out what was decided later and what was agreed and what is going to be done. Providing the debate is broadly pro-decentralised currencies then the attendance is completely irrelevant. One misinformed bigmouth rent-a-gob MP speaking against the motion is what you need to avoid so the lower the profile the better.
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:23:53
I agree with OP. While it is funny to read some of the /buttcoin re-interpretations of the /bitcoin posts, this is basically just automated trolling. It wouldn't be acceptable if there were thirty or forty trolling links to each discussion so it shouldn't be acceptable for one. And no, I'm not a 'sensitive little baby' and I don't want to install additional client software to solve the problem.
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:01:10
Yes, it gives alt-chains the protection of the decentralised processing that is currently only available to Bitcoin. This lack of horsepower in their systems is one of the biggest threats to alt-coins. Alt-coins necessarily divide the community, alt-chains unite us.
@_date: 2015-05-28 09:12:58
My experience is that the Circle Android app crashed while sending, then sent my bitcoins to 'a bitcoin address' and the transaction says that they were sent to 'null' and Nexus 5 hung when sending a support request (see  Perhaps when the team gets back from Google I/O they could kindly have a look into this. My reference is 7ff189f7-3737-4bbc-8d54-55ce1bab4592-Uncle Tom Cobley-an-all  There's no rush, the transaction is in the process of being confirmed, let them open their goody bags first. :P
@_date: 2015-05-31 13:01:58
Gavin isn't winning this argument through PR. He is winning because of the wisdom of crowds. I think we need to take the personalities out of this debate and stick to the arguments. This debate is already too political and it's deteriorating into a playground argument of 'my gang is better than your gang'. All of the developers are doing a brilliant job and we need to big them up, not stress them out so much they decide they would prefer better paid and quieter jobs in the private sector.
My reading is that the majority don't think much of the hardware objections and would prefer to take the theoretical risk that a larger block might lead to some centralisation but keep transaction fees low; rather than use a system which is currently limited to 3-4 transactions per second, which developed an eight-hour backlog after the recent stress test and will rely on promises of various bits of off-chain vapourware to speed things up once it actually crashes.
Sidechains are the long-term answer. Once anyone can show how clever they are by creating a side-chain where the tokens are worth more than the bitcoins they are derived from, then we can leap frog our way to the moon up the sidechains. Until then, we are where we are and we have two proposals - no change or 20MB blocks. It's got nothing to do with wanting to go to the moon or having to recoup losses.
The longer we drag this out, the more chance this will be portrayed as 'Bitcoin in crisis', already people are threatening to sell their bitcoins, not to mention the increase in nodes prior to the hard fork as people attempt to shore up their preferred chain and the disruption to sales from the understandable moratorium on accepting bitcoin just after the fork which might last days or weeks until it is clear which chain has 'won'. Let's not seize defeat from the jaws of victory. I don't know where the figure of 80% came from, but in the UK we have a government that got 36.9% of the vote so 80% sounds pretty decisive. Don't forget that we are scheduled for a halving on 29th July 2016 so we need to have this done and dusted by then.
@_date: 2015-08-01 09:13:40
The system you are describing doesn't transfer any value, it's just a database where each entry refers to the previous one. Being 'cryptographically signed' doesn't mean that the entries can't be changed, it just means they are unlikely to be forged (until the private keys go walkies) so the blockchain could be forked at any time convenient to the participants and history could be rewritten. Blockchain technology comes as a package, the tokens don't denote the value, they have to BE the value.
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:56:21
Haha I don't think many 2x supporters have membership cards here, but fwiw I don't think 2x supporters are going to suddenly become small blockers—far from it, they are now free to put all their effort into Bitcoin Cash (which is what they sort of wanted anyway).
From the 2x POV it appears that SegWit supporters have chosen the racehorse with the biggest hobble (albeit well ahead in the race) so this might be a bit of a Pyrrhic victory.
Edit: I don't think the lack of good faith in negotiating SegWit and renegging on 2x will be forgotten either.
@_date: 2015-07-15 09:55:04
Tokens on blockchains come in three types:
1. the one on the main public chain that has intrinsic value through usefulness and scarcity (bitcoin) and is secured by more computing power than you or I can imagine.
1. tokens that merely 'represent' value such as coloured coins (a bitcoin variant) and tokens on private blockchains (which may be useful, but not necessarily scarce, nor secured by brute force computing).
The prize for a hacker who hacks a private blockchain is whatever those tokens represent: whether its air miles, shares or inter-bank balance transfers. I'm not talking about hacking the crypto here, I'm just talking about normal everyday corruption, human frailty and loss of super important stuff (that should never have got lost but somehow it did).
As for whether 'they would be stupid', it is demonstrated on a daily basis by Target, OPM and Hacking Team that 'they' are in fact extremely 'stupid' and it's hard enough to secure the tokens, without having to secure your own blockchain as well. To be secure, blockchains have to be immune from attack, which means they have to be underpinned by more computing power than any 1,000 banks could muster, let alone 10.
Public Blockchain tokens (bitcoins) are bearer bonds, so the token IS the cash and you don't have to trust any actor in the system to transfer it.
A token on a private blockchain is just an IOU that relies on a long chain of trust to keep it secure. It is begging to be stolen by a malicious actor—and even if it isn't, it relies on the Courts and the law to enforce delivery of any value.
@_date: 2015-04-16 08:09:39
Hi Bruce,
I am a life member. I have run an association for over 30 years and the first thing you need to do is realise that you are in the association business, not the bitcoin business, so here are my recommendations...
* ask your members what they want from the association and then listen to them because they will tell you exactly what to do. What you are already doing in consulting is a big step forward but the problem is that you will get so many suggestions that it will be difficult to see the wood for the trees. Identifying priorities is the mark of a good leader.
For example for a long time now the members have been asking for a closed bulletin board. There is no reason not to do this as the Bitcoin Foundation is a members-only association. You exclude non-members (from voting for example) so there is no contradiction in having a members' only section of your Web site. Doing this would be a quick and easy win.
* in the medium-term you have to set up independent arrangements for development of the core so that it is at arms-length from the BF. Core funding has been affected by people's lack of willingness to donate to the BF. I think industry sentiment is that core development should be funded by a voluntary levy on the larger companies that benefit from it. They could do this by paying into a multi-sig escrow account where people could see the total balance governed by a Trust consisting of (say) the Chairman and Secretary of the BF and a number of laypersons (all elected).
The Foundation's role would be to oversee the arm's length agreement and issue accreditation to companies that donated as it does now to corporate members. Olivier Jannson has offered to underwrite two core developers' salaries for a year if necessary so you have some breathing space.
* The direction of core development should be determined by a system of upvoting the issues which are most important to the users. The argument that the 'bright, shiny popular' changes would be made at the expense of the most important ones is a non-sequitur. The community must decide what is most important, for example I think incorporating privacy and anonymity in the core have been suppressed against community wishes (but I may be proved wrong!).
* it may sound odd but the Principal Executive Committee is your enemy. The CEO/Executive Director does all the work. The PEC will turn up to meetings not having read the Agenda, not understanding the dynamics of the decisions that need to be made and bankrupt the association with claims for lost earnings, food, drink, world travel and accommodation like a load of superannuated cuckoos. Lots of people join associations for the kudos of meeting politicians and getting paid to travel. Everybody needs to pay a proportion of their expenses-this keeps out the freeloaders. PLUS recording the PEC meetings is a good idea. It keeps discussion considered and honest. It stops people making outrageous claims or colluding against the members during a meeting and it stops people lying about what they said afterwards (all very common). The recording is archived and only accessible to resolve disputes about the minutes. It is not in the public domain.
* communication. You need to engage members. A monthly members-only newsletter is urgently required together with regular email-shots on important current affairs. You can start off by sacking your current PR team and getting proper internal and external PR. (see 
* structure. It is becoming clear that bitcoin is going to be regulated locally, so our response must be local. This means we need to have a system of local 'chapters' supported by and within a confederation. There are many models for this so I will not elaborate apart from saying that this is more in keeping with the communities wish for decentralisation than a single overarching BF trying to do everything. Meetings should be held via Skype or similar. Asking members to make suggestions to the association's rules by submitting a pull request in GitHub is off the nerdy spectrum.
There's enough to keep you going for five years so I'll stop. I've left some of the questions, such as 'How do you define a member of the wider bitcoin community entitled to vote on development' but again all these questions are soluble.
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:48:14
Settling off the chain sort of negates the point of using a Blockchain. You can get the same result as settling off-chain, with a distributed database.
Loss of your private key would not split the Blockchain at the point you first transacted on it, whereas loss of a private key in a system based on Proof of Trust would invalidate the Blockchain back to the point at which that key became active.
@_date: 2015-09-09 22:21:23
If you are using Windows, find the default bitcoin data folder by pressing &lt;Win&gt;&lt;R&gt; and entering %APPDATA%\Bitcoin
Moving to E:\ as an example:
Install Bitcoin Core to E:\Program Files (x86)\Bitcoin    DO NOT RUN IT
Create a short cut as follows:
"E:\Program Files (x86)\Bitcoin\bitcoin-qt.exe" -datadir="E:\Users\&lt;YourName&gt;\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin"
The blockchain (blk*.dat) is the "E:\Users\&lt;YourName&gt;\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin\blocks" subdirectory
Run bitcoin-qt to update the blockchain. (Forward port 8333 TCP to your PC if you want to run a node) OR
Run bitcoind - it will look for bitcoin.conf in E:\Users\&lt;YourName&gt;\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin
Make sure all files are copied from C:\Users\&lt;YourName&gt;\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin to E:\Users\&lt;YourName&gt;\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin
Make sure you have write access to bitcoin.conf in E:\Users\&lt;YourName&gt;\AppData\Roaming\Bitcoin
@_date: 2015-10-11 11:38:58
This is how it's going to happen:
1. Somebody hacks into accounts that don't use 2FA and withdraws some bitcoins.
2. Purse responds by stopping all withdrawals pending an investigation. They think they've got a few weeks to conclude the investigation, in fact they've got a few hours.
3. Purse posts a message saying they are investigating and normal service will be resumed as soon as possible.
4. Purse does something (it doesn't matter what, because 7).
5. Purse posts a message saying that it's 'business as normal'.
6. Some users with positive balances withdraw them as a precaution.
7. Purse's hot wallet runs out of bitcoins.
8. All users try to withdraw their bitcoins to save them—a classic bank run.
[We are at 7.](
If you are listening, Purse, you need to get your hot wallet up quick or you are toast.
Edit: Withdrawals seem to be working again. Phew!
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:31:50
It's a bit smaller than most USB sticks at 50mm, quite slim-line. Don't waste time searching for the button like in the pictures, it's on the end of the device. It works in two modes 1) just insert the Entropy and it flashes fast while it generates a keypair, once it starts flashing slowly, you are ready to print the jpg that has been generated.Press the button again while it is flashing quickly to get a Shamir wallet where any 2/3 slips will give you the private key.
Need to generate a load of wallets? Press button -&gt; Print -&gt; Press button -&gt; Print etc.
There is also a readme.txt file which tells you what to do plus importantly gives you the Firmware version: 1.1 which is useful if you have to flash new firmware. Mode 2) is configuration—hold the button while inserting and you will see a different set of files, settings.txt and readme.txt  Settings.txt is where you configure the Entropy by uncommenting the features you want to enable (altcoins, uncompressed keys, HD wallet generation (not compatible with Shamir) and add up to 32 hex bytes of your own salt. This directory is also where you copy the me.bin file if you are flashing the firmware.
The reason I know this is that en route to me via Vienna someone broke one of the security seals to have a snoop inside so Rassah very kindly sent me a production binary to reinitialise the hardware.
Overall - very impressed. I know it sounds a bit counter-intuitive saying that bitcoin is  a good fit to pieces of paper, but they really are an excellent way of storing bitcoin in a very secure manner, bit like making your own bearer bonds, plus with Mycelium Android wallet you can spend from these pieces of paper in whole or in part, either transferring value from the paper to your mobile or via your mobile to a third party. If you carry a couple of empty ones round with you then you can load them up on an ad hoc basis and give them away to people who can treat them like a bearer bond.
If you have (say) 10 BTC then you can make 10 x 1 BTC or 20 x 0.5 BTC or 1 x 10 BTC which you can then load up with more BTC, or spend all or some of it, or suck some on to your mobile if you are going out etc. You can write down on each piece of paper what it's worth but no need because your mobile will always scan it and tell you.
Tips: When you generate a jpg if your printer is attached to your PC it will ask if you want to open the USB storage and view/print the jpg. This is not the way to do it, you should disconnect your PC before you generate the keypair and ask the printer to print the jpg. Lastly if you fetch in some BTC from cold storage then technically it is better to fetch it all, regard that private key as compromised and throw it away and, since you can print perfectly secure paper wallets all day and night, why not? Someone will correct me if I'm wrong on that. Also it does require you to eject it properly and press the button before removing it, particularly important if you are reflashing the firmware.
In future I would like to see a paper wallet design app for Entropy that uses the keys generated as variables in your own layout but in the meantime I would try and get your hands on one by hook or by crook as this is such a small market I can't see them making them again for a while. It certainly feels safer than having bitcoins on-line in Armory and much less complicated and much much quicker and much cheaper and simpler than Trezor. I wish I had bought two or three because people I know will want one and I don't want to keep lending it out and then reflashing it!
@_date: 2015-03-23 15:39:10
The security tag had been opened on one end of the plastic case in which my Entropy was shipped. This is enough to remove the Entropy. You can download the firmware, check it against the SHA-1 supplied by Mycelium and reflash the device if you are worried.
Of course it might not even be a Mycelium Entropy that got delivered, it could be a GCHQ Entropy that's got its own firmware that emulates a Mycelium Entropy—but in that case why ship it with the seal broken? So it must be genuine.
Unless it was a double bluff and they think we will assume that if it was a GCHQ Entropy then they wouldn't have broken the seal, so they broke the seal lull us into a false sense of security that it is either genuine or a substitution, whereas if it had arrived with the seal intact it could be either a fake or real.
@_date: 2015-03-27 09:25:02
tl;dr It was probably Customs, you just need to explain how customers can be sure the device is trustworthy.
Putting a sticker on the front would not have helped and here's why. It seems a largish number of these devices arrived with one of the security stickers 'opened'. This allows the Entropy to be removed from the plastic case and examined. This was almost certainly done at Customs. It's not 'damage' as such.
Let's assume at a central distribution centre that there's no point opening several hundred Entropies since, after you have opened a couple of dozen, they are likely to be all the same. So it was more likely done after they left Austria en route to the final recipient.
Why look inside? Because the case is semi-opaque and the instructions are put in last, so it's impossible to see what's inside the case unless you open it. You don't know it's a USB stick unless you open it. Of course you can x-ray it and probably guess it's a USB stick, so why do you open it? Because you want to plug it in and check the contents for child pron. So you plug it in and all it contains is a jpg of some squares and a readme file, so you pack it up and move onto the next packet.
BUT they all seem to have the left sticker removed, which does look like a batch process and if I remember correctly from my unboxing video which was never destined to be published but here it is  the envelope didn't look like it had been opened, so possibly they were all opened before they were put in envelopes (but I'm not an expert at opening and resealing mail so I don't know).
Anyway that's all speculation but the solution is the same either way, which is to let your customers know i) how they can be sure the hardware is valid and not an NSA replacement ii) how to ensure the software is valid (by downloading and reflashing).
PS The mosaic and voice distortion is just for fun. An extra 5 points if you spotted John McLear's Kickstarter NFC ring.
@_date: 2015-10-12 09:26:22
I had the same problem—I also think it is a connectivity issue. It works if you put the Unplugged flat on a table and put a Nexus 5 squarely on top of it and don't move either until the transaction is broadcast, but if you try and hold the card to the back of the Nexus you get an I/O error. The Nexus 5 is notorious for being fussy about NFC at the best of times. I am using Mycelium 2.5.2.
@_date: 2016-07-31 08:09:41
If I had to guess, I would say that it was the Chinese AMA by AA. First he said that 1MB blocks have the broad support of the market by virtue of the widespread adoption of Core (rather than just the miners).
Then he said that any HF is probably 18 months away, which he later on extended to 2 years. We have to remember that bitcoin is first and foremost a Chinese currency. Plus the deadline for agreed change following the HK meeting has now passed.
Edit: ...and it appears that the latest SF meeting has positively declared that no agreed action will be forthcoming.