@_author: 21276
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:08:23
Perhaps if you don't know basic facts about mining and can't be bothered to do your own research into it, you shouldn't be writing an article to goad others into buying your bagholdings?
An Ati HD7970 GPU from 2011 which is now discontinued can do 0.7GH/s (0.8GH/s if you push it to the absolute limit)
A more modern mid-range GPU like the Ati 290X which sells for [$270]( can do 1GH/s
You might as well just say though 'That's the equivalent of one squidzillion people hashing at once' - it's stupid, because anyone can just buy the ASIC hardware.
Just say the truth, which is that 100 million GH/s = ~20,000 ASIC machines (modern ASICs can do 6000GH/s, and non-public probably more).
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:33:32
I've only done mining in the past using GPUs. I've been around since late 2010, but I believe Bitcoin is irrevocably flawed and has no long term future (even the speculative attraction is gone at this point).
You say in another post you're thinking of getting into mining. That would be an extremely unwise decision at the moment even if you know what you're doing. Cex.io just announced they are turning off their machines, probably because it's at the point where just the electricity cost exceeds rewards.
Most miners are probably on the verge of turning off their machines, as there's not a single machine that can avoid making a loss on electricity cost alone at $100 with electricity being $0.10/kWh.
To be competitive in mining today you have to rent out warehouses in places where electricity costs per kWh are the lowest possible (i.e. $0.04/kWh). 
With mining, you are unlikely to break even on the cost of the mining machine itself by the end of it. You're better off just buying BTC and speculating on a price rise - you'd get the same result whichever way it goes, but without all the hassle of mining.
Mining hasn't been worthwhile in a long time. It used to be, because in the times CPUs and GPUs were viable, you could mine with them and when they would become useless to mine with, you could just use for gaming/general use as you had always done. They would also retain their resale value pretty well better than ASICs do, because you can use a GPU for gaming - but what can you use an ASIC for? A heater?
The last time I mined was about a year ago during the altcoin boom when GPU mining suddenly became a lot more profitable again.
These days, altcoins probably aren't nowhere near as profitable as they were, but if you're still intent on going into mining, it would be a good idea to use your GPU or even CPU in some cases to mine an altcoin to get an idea of whats involved in mining and what it's like.
There's a bit of a learning curve (i.e. creating settings for a batch file and saving it), but nothing too difficult. Mining these days is basically just 
1. Setting up an account on a website (a mining 'pool')
2. Downloading a mining program (i.e. CGminer for GPUs)
3. Creating a file containing settings directing mining towards the pool and optimizations for your particular GPU/CPU
4. Running the mining program and playing with your fan and clock settings so things in your case don't start smoking and give you the optimal hash rate
@_date: 2015-01-13 11:39:45
Lock the bastard up and throw away the key