@_author: 21tdawger
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:49:29
Yes it would take a player like square to enable retailers en masse to take BTC, outside of that it will take a longer time. But if the money is there and BTC payments does not cannibalize their business mode or they see the risk of not being the leader in this area...they will most likely move forward.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:16:40
Can research make it possible predict the future absolutely ...especially with a brand new asset like Bitcoin? My post was really just a thought I had, certainly no one should read Reddit and take everything said as gospel. The investment growth while it is totally out of or with actual use at this point will fuel the use of Bitcoin for payments by attracting innovation from companies to make it work more effectively  (square , etc)and more available to use on a wider scale. I certainly don’t “know” and don’t have a database to back up my thought. But certainly it is possible.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:23:54
I see both sides. Certainly good to have caution. We don’t know if it ultimately work. It’s a massive experiment. But it’s hard to say it’s not worth risk dipping a toe in, when a technology and idea has such potential 
@_date: 2017-11-12 01:38:50
BTC will survive and dominate. Yes the block size increase will need to be done in the next 12 months, this time with higher consensus, the community gets the message. This BCH shit pisses me off, use litecoin and eth for small payments until BTC is upgraded and it will be. If your really are concerned about using crypto for payments right now use ETH, LTC , yes BCH is fast/ cheap but not many businesses accept  BCH , a currency started 3 months ago? Right now for most of the world BTC is a store of value and knowing that it will be used for payments on a wide basis within a few years time...everywhere.  If you really care about ‘bitcoin’ trying to get people to dump BTC is not good for bitcoin.  
If they were actually successful it would cause years of distrust from most people outside the crypto space, especially those not able to effectively hedge themselves. This would be bad for everyone.  All this bullshit about Satoshi’s vision ...Did Satoshi envision Bitcoin run by Bitcoin Jesus? 
Edit : I’m not against BCH, just coordinated attack on BTC
@_date: 2017-11-01 13:02:31
Segwit2x confusion will kick in some point soon. Still pretty contentious situation. Stock market looks 6 months ahead . Bitcoin looks 6 days. Maybe 6 minutes.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:58:52
Understood re the thought. I don’t want to influence people, was rather looking for feedback, I guess I should have stated that. Yes two years was arbitrary, but certainly feels like things are moving Fast. With CME futures and lots of institutional money watching and waiting. If that money happens it will change everything. If we make it through the next 6-12 months I believe the risk of absolute failure would be much lower. Everyday BTC survives the risk of complete failure is lower, but still there for sure. Anything can end. And there are a lot of reasons it could end. But then again there a lot of reasons it will succeed. It’s up to everyone to weigh the risks and make their mind up. Also being outside of BTC and long holding on super inflationary money should also be perceived as risk. Of course there are other ways to hedge fiat risk than Bitcoin that are much less volatile.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:39:33
I kinda hope this is true as they will fail
Miserably and I will be able to buy cheap real bitcoin. No matter what they do Bitcoin is the brand not bitcoin2x. The brand matters to 90% of the people out there. I want a Coca-cola , not a Sam’s Club cola. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:14:42
There is a lot of short term trading going on by big players as well that is moving markets. It's thin right now and no one wants to sell as the fork is coming up and I think that is partly why we have not had a long overdue price correction ( which is healthy for a market) We are certainly seeing more people looking long term and HODLing, and I am bullish long term as well, but markets go up and down. By 6 days, 6 minutes I meant the BTC market has been reacting like it doesn't see the elephant in the room issue with Segwit coming up in 15 days. Its a fairly complex issue even if you have studied it, there could be fallout of all sorts. This is not a simple fork, each side wants/needs the other to fail. Also we knew the futures listing was coming, and that should have been fairly priced in, but still pushed the market. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 01:05:14
Told a very close friend at 1k that he should learn about Bitcoin and buy a bit. Didn’t listen. Haven’t made that suggestion since 