@_author: 21xhipster
@_date: 2014-02-03 17:17:40


I have 2*60 btc transaction stuck from 1/28
Thats quite a lot.....
@_date: 2015-10-03 21:27:26
Thanks for your engagement!
Let me explain rationale behind this decision: Security, Usability and Trust.
The most important is security.
Let us assume that our servers will be compromised. We understand that some of our users are not experts in web security. What could happens? I am pretty sure that 1-3% of users will have the same passwords as their passphrases. In our case public addresses will be attached so that is a matter of seconds for attackers to steal funds of our clients. In case of Twitter auth that is significantly harder as Twitter invested significantly more in its security. Basically that is a simple measure against ourselves: either incompetence or malicious intent. So we do not want to store user's passwords in principle.
Second is usability. Our research shows that at least 80% of our audience are already have Twitter accounts. They used to use Twitter for daily communications. We don't want to reproduce basic functionality of a social network. So if our first users will be from one social network they could easily to communicate with each other using what they use to use every day! Moreover, we are going to integrate with twitter deeply, so some users probably would be able to use a service without leaving a twitter.
The third is trust. The service was coined as a medium of economic expression. But people usually trust more if you can proof some trust. That is the most simple and not annoying way to proof some trust.
Will a Twitter login live forever? Sure not! We are going to solve a security issue implementing our backend as Ethereum contracts. After releasing this instead of Twitter login there will be private key generation "login" (or an option to import) with option to connect twitter or whatever else... Only in this case private accounts will be truly private accounts. Do you agree?
I hope that this explanation make sense for you. Ready to answer any further questions.