@_author: 23423423423451
@_date: 2018-01-13 21:20:30
Was. Unless quantum computing kick starts our processing power development again, we are slowing down. Our transistors are so small that we're becoming limited by how much quantum tunneling occurs in them. I mean, we use it as a fundamental part of semiconductors, but there comesa point where there's too much to be controlled.
@_date: 2017-12-08 11:57:07
The value of gold changes based on demand, perceived scarcity, and basically on what people are willing to pay for it. If you buy gold with dollars, then sell gold when it is worth more, you have more dollars than you started with. Right now Bitcoin is being used like that. Investors are using it to grow their personal wealth by buying low and selling high.
Some people in troubled countries are using it as a quick way to store value when they think their banks or their nations dollar might fail them. If a country's dollar can buy an apple, and they buy $1 of Bitcoin, then the market crashes in their country and suddenly their dollar sucks and it costs 5 dollars to buy an apple. That Bitcoin they saved is still worth an apple if BTC hasn't also fallen. This kind of demand drives up the price of Bitcoin, and those investors sell their coins while it's high.
For now, as the world adjusts and learns about crypto I think this is the game that will be played.
Once the market is saturated and the number of users more stable I think the value of a Bitcoin will be more stable. Once it is more business will be open to accepting it.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:09:47
No, not on a consistent basis. It's essentially gambling, same as the stock market. For as long as bitcoin is volatile like this, it will be a gambled commodity that generates winners and losers. No one should buy bitcoin right now with any amount of money that they aren't prepared to lose, same as the wallet of cash someone takes in to a casino.
The difference between this and a casino is that everyone who held on to coins they bought for any reasonable amount of time is so far a winner. I got $80 worth a few years back. Not long ago that $80 was worth $1500. So I took out $100. Now I've got $20 more than I did, and my remaining bitcoin can go up or down and it doesn't matter to me. I could hold it until it is stable and can be used as currency. I could sell it when it's worth a whole lot. I could hold it until the system collapses and there is no bitcoin. No matter what I haven't lost anything financially.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:25:16
"The stock market is no gamble." 
Tell that to people who had a lot invested during a depression or recession of your choosing. 
Maybe I invest in a bunch of shares of Tesla specifically, and then Tesla cars start smashing into each other on the highway and the business goes bankrupt. I've just lost all my money. That's how bitcoin is like stocks. Volatile stocks.
Years and years ago maybe I invest in the first shares of Apple, before anyone thinks it will be successful. Years later I sell those for a fortune. 
If you can't see how Bitcoin, with it's up and down value, is like those then there's really nothing else i can say.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:29:57
It's not reversing because new people are still getting in to Bitcoin for the first time and because new coins are still being mined. Every time a new country figures out they have a use for Bitcoin, demand spikes and price rises. Price rising makes news and then more people decide to get in on it. It's going to be volatile until most people who are going to get in on it have done so.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:51:34
You're thinking of some kind of mutual fund or investment company investing over a diversified portfolio, where on average your investments grow. Those investments are made up of shares of individual businesses. Some of those businesses prosper and some fall flat. Bitcoin would be like one of those individual investments. There's no guarantee there. If I put all my money into Tesla and Tesla goes bankrupt, who's going to pay me? I'll still own these shares but no one will buy them from me. Tesla won't give me a compensation, they have no money.


You're right. It's imaginary. It's only as valuable as people perceive it to be. Same goes with normal currency these days. That's why one country's dollar is worth more than another's. Used to be the number of dollar bills and bank balances across the country was equal to the value of the Gold in the federal reserve. That's history. Those numbers in your bank statement are just numbers. If one day every store and service started accepting only bitcoin and refusing US tender, then people with lot's of dollars wouldn't be able to buy anything, and people with lot's of bitcoin could buy and would therefore be the new rich people.


It is a game of hot potato. If everyone who owns bitcoin tried to sell right now at the current price of bitcoin, there wouldn't be enough people willing to pay that much money to those bitcoin owners. The price would drop astronomically low as every bitcoin owner emptied their coin wallets, and the amount of dollars that changed hands would be nowhere near whatever today's price times the number of existing coins is. 
Same goes with stock in a business. Everyone tries to sell their Tesla stock at once, means Tesla stock becomes the value of dirt.
Are your questions answered yet? At this point I'd honestly be surprised if you weren't just a troll trying to push buttons of bitcoin enthusiasts.
tl;dr Bitcoin is in a growing phase. To buy some is to gamble that you might get rich quick or you might lose the money you spent to buy coin. To use it to buy coffee or Steam games is a silly idea while the value is changing so much. If Bitcoin dies in the future that means everyone holding it is playing hot potato. Someday down the road if it levels off so that virtually everybody is paying about the same price per coin every day, then it could be widely used in place of e-transfers, debit cards, etc. It would be easy to send money across borders because bitcoin doesn't have borders the way national currencies do.
I put some money in to it. I got that much and more out. My remaining bitcoin is bonus to me. Maybe I'll sell it for cash. Maybe I'll spend it on coffee someday. Maybe I'll lose the game of hot potato as bitcoin gets shut down. It's just a big experiment at this point and I can't technically lose now can I?
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:04:07
You're right not everyone can realize their gains. At least not in a short period of time.
Let's say everyone in the world gets some bitcoin. There's no massive demand for it. No new coins are being mined either. At that point I imagine it could go one of two ways. 
1. No one wants it and the value falls, causing people to sell which causes the value to fall, etc. I think this is your prediction. I don't know if it would really ever but zero but it could potentially get really low. Similarly maybe a new coin takes over. One that's better designed, has lower transaction fees, and the mining is used to side real world simulation problems. If more people want it instead then Bitcoin could fade into obscurity and anyone who doesn't sell before the demise are left with the bill so to speak since they are the ones who lost value.
2. It has been adopted as a currency successfully by this point. As the volatility reduced everyone started accepting it at whatever that stable value was, say $2000 per coin or whatever. Day to day coffee purchases, transfers to roommates for rent, video game sales, drug deals, you name it. If that market gets its feet in time, I think the continued widespread use of it would keep that value afloat. The more places accept it and the more valuable it will be so there's room for gradual non volatile growth too. The value doesn't tank or skyrocket because there's no mad demand or panic selling anymore be investors just trying to make a buck off a commodity.
So yeah, I don't know which way it will go. I hope for option  Not because of a get rich scheme, but because a decentralized global currency that isn't manipulated by the government sounds cool to me. 
It could be that option  is more likely. In which case there will be losers eventually. I've already withdrawn more money than I put in so at this moment I can't be a loser unless I buy more. 
I believe  is possible. It's a new concept really so no one knows for sure if it will work. If it does, everybody kind of wins. If it doesn't then some people will win and some will not. 
You could keep nice stable cash in your mattress and think you're a millionaire because you're sleeping on hundred dollar bills. If your economy collapses and your dollar goes down then all you have in your mattress is glorified pieces of paper. Nazi Germany printed more money until this happened. Wheelbarrows full of cash to pay workers since it got so devalued. Bitcoin is imaginary, but so to is conventional currency. Conventional is just a safer bet right now. You could put cash in your mattress and assume it will still be valuable tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:15:22
Sell it at market price and take care of the forked coin yourself?
@_date: 2015-05-29 10:19:56
Yeah, that's why I titled it *wishful* thinking.
@_date: 2017-08-04 06:55:10
I haven't been following the news. I've got a personal wallet with about 0.1 bitcoins in it and I haven't touched it in years.
Do I need to get in the know about Bitcoin cash asap? Should I be doing something with it?
@_date: 2017-08-13 02:12:54
I'm out of the loop. I'm aware that Bitcoin is on the up and up right now, but are there any current events or politics that have coincided with/directly influenced this?
@_date: 2017-11-02 09:35:22
As the first comment said. Be prepared to lose it. This massive climb quite probably has a massive fall afterwards sometime. Years ago I bought at an all time high. Soon after that bitcoin was worth maybe a quarter what I paid for it. I was technically in the negative for years until just recently.
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:27:19
As a "newbe," would you be able to help me out with some advice?
I've got a very modest amount of Bitcoin usable on this [Bitcoin wallet app]( and a backup file I can use to restore it if I wipe my phone.
I've had this sitting there for years. Is there BCH waiting out there for me to use? What do you recommend is the best way of claiming and using it?
@_date: 2017-11-20 17:23:04
Sending my Bitcoin to Mycelium would involve transaction fees right? Could I export private keys on my existing wallet and use those in another app, so that I'm not technically sending anything anywhere?
@_date: 2017-09-27 16:41:06
Your argument applies directly to those mining it. For those reasons I'm not about to get into the game of mining new coins. 
Do you think your argument applies to buyers and spenders as well? That the system is designed to increase the value of Bitcoin inevitably so that everyone who bought in early is destined to gain value at the expense of others? It doesn't look so malicious to my eyes for those not involved in mining.
@_date: 2015-10-07 01:07:23
If rather have my torrent files than their digital format anyway. If they just had apiggy back to donate to I'd be willing to hand over a few bucks now and then if I liked their movie.
@_date: 2017-05-25 14:04:07
I'd love to see that become a reality, but I don't want to be that guy who bought a pizza for a few bitcoins and forever try to convince myself that it was an extra tasty pizza in order to cope.
Until some kind of stability can be found, it's a commodity more than a currency.
Once it's stable it doesn't matter if I had any coins. I can earn and spend coins at that time.