@_author: 2358452
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:33:47


What? You can still cancel the k in the kilogram just fine kg/km=g/m. Just because the kilogram is used as the conventional mass unit, that doesn't mean you cannot use the other units. Almost all meter-derived units are used in practice, for example, from femtometers to kilometers. The kilo in the conventional unit doesn't really add *any* inconvenience in practice, especially compared to the huge mess that the imperial system. 
You're comparing a completely minor imperfection in defense of an antiquated system that doesn't even have order of magnitude nomenclature usage. No one ever uses kiloinches, microfeet, etc (and frankly no one should use those aberrations).
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:00:09


Am I blind? 


I must be blind because millisecond-1 is a kilohertz to me.


I don't know of *any* student ever making this confusion, ever, having gone through several physics and engineering courses constantly dealing with metric units. This is a completely fabricated issue to try and prove a hopeless point.


Right. Keep trying to blow up an irrelevant minutiae in favor of the clearly less confusing alternative of 1 inch = 0.277... yards = 0.333... feet, and other imperial nonsense. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 03:07:10
That's just survivor bias. Plenty of altcoins have died (i.e. plummeted in value). You just don't hear about them anymore. You remember about the ones that were successful. A few years ago there were literally hundreds of slightly minor forks of bitcoin, mostly with meme names and sometimes using scrypt hashing. Dogecoin is one that did better by far, and it's still just a memecoin that will keep descending in value, at least relative to other investments.
Even some coins that introduced new ideas, like [peercoin]( that introduced proof-of-stake is pretty much dead by now.
@_date: 2017-11-20 06:08:37
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:56:01
The problem here (as far as I can tell) is that he had an invalid certificate from a trojan attack. A cookie saving the PK from the last bittrex visit looks like it couldn't hurt, but I don't see why the trojan couldn't also modify the cookie to obtain same results. It may make their life a little harder though.
The primary lesson here is taking better care of your computer security... if possible use a raspberry pi to access exchanges, withdraw funds and access local wallets. That way you don't need to be so paranoid about your normal computer.
@_date: 2017-09-19 06:27:03
No. Coinbase is safe.
Ok, nothing is 100% safe, but like 99.999% safe.
@_date: 2017-09-19 22:44:38
I'm not OP, you might want to copy/paste this as a thread reply.
@_date: 2017-09-19 15:42:37
I forgot to mention it's online funds are fully insured, see [here]( and see their [security page]( which look very good at least in theory.
Storing bitcoins yourself is a great *feature*, but that not everybody needs. If you live in China, Venezuela, Iran, among other places then it's one of its most valuable features. But keep in mind it's the equivalent of storing your savings under your mattress. 
Those countries are willing the accept the risk and hassle because other risks and hassles are greater. This is *not* necessary in the US (unless it were clear some extreme government measure were imminent). Laws don't get proposed, voted and enacted in 1 day. You would know months or at least weeks in advance if they were to confiscate your funds (at that's a remote possibility in the first place).
People put far too much value on self-storage imo.
A greater evil I think are stock exchange traded assets (I don't know much about them tbh), like I believe 'Bitcoin Investment Trust' and others. In that case, you can't even *withdraw* your bitcoins -- it becomes entirely pointless and purely a speculative asset. With coinbase you can keep a small amount in your wallet for day-to-day usage; you can transfer your coins from one administrator to another, you could move to another country and find someone to manage it there, etc. 99% of what makes bitcoin valuable is still true.
@_date: 2017-09-19 06:41:02
Bitcoin is already (mostly) regulated in the US and coinbase is audited... something would need to go very wrong to compromise your coins.
It's far more reliable than most people's self-managed wallets I'm sure.
@_date: 2017-09-19 03:57:52
You mean one interested in the "private blockchain" oxymoron?
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:30:05
I see. So if LN isn't good enough to bring regular payments down to low fees, what is? Should we look for effective blockchain pruning strategies and the just aggressively increase block size?
@_date: 2017-05-30 10:07:54


They (bitmain) can't get into other coins, since they use bitcoin-specific ASICs.
@_date: 2017-05-29 07:22:47


You can *disrupt* it with hashpower. Which is exactly what's happening here: miners are disrupting improvements to the entire network to defend their profits. Perhaps it does not even matter whether it's bitmain only or if it were miners using unrelated hardware. The problem is that miners are disrupting it because they can (and it increases their short term profits); while the excess hash power does little to actually protect the network.
When viewed in that light the UASF is pretty natural actually. It's the balance between miner interest (high mining profit / high security) and user interest (low fees / high security). The users are saying: you can keep hashing on your chain, but the cost is too high for us we're switching for our own.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:33:52
Not really though. First, modern fibers are completely different from the first ones, in both fabrication method and characteristics. Seconds, laying fiber (or any kind of extensive physical network) is extremely expensive, so usually upgrades have focused on utilizing better the fiber: more modes, more frequencies, better coding, various ways of compensating for distortion and dispersion.
Your objection would be better for power cables however; although even power cables have seen significant innovations with higher voltages and different cable materials and geometry: [ACC conductors]( ("The first two factors result in roughly 30% greater conductivity than an equivalent ACSR conductor, allowing 14% more current to be carried at equal temperature...")
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:18:15
Yea I don't know how well it would work in practice (if you could indeed carry most transactions through the LN in practice), but the concept sounds solid.
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:09:46
Is there a clear plan for lightning network? I've only seen talks of the basic technical aspects, not how a system as a whole would be put together.
@_date: 2017-05-13 01:26:04
@_date: 2017-05-30 18:16:32
I think it's important to highlight what "Off-chain" really means too. It doesn't mean compromising on any of the fundamental bitcoin ideals. The Lightning Network, for example, still would function completely without trust and central authority. Off-chain solutions have cryptographic security, mostly reliant on the bitcoin network as a guarantee. 
All they do is refrain from publishing some transactions, which is really a means of combating pollution of the blockchain. It's not sustainable to expect thousands of people (nodes) to voluntarily store complete transaction histories of millions or even hundreds of millions of people with full data replication across all nodes, for free.
@_date: 2017-05-29 07:03:10
At one point more fees don't mean more security. Even more hashrate doesn't equate more security. Hashrate is more about denial of service than true security. For example, if someone actually tried double spending with a 50%+1 attack, it would become immediately obvious to everyone and hard forks/hashing algorithm changes would ensue. The high hashrate exists so that no little guy can disrupt the system, not to guarantee it's secure. I think it's a pretty important point most people don't see.
At one point additional fees are going directly into bitmain et al's pockets.
That is not to say ASIC is completely evil and useless. A measure of it has some utility, specially when it can't be used for anything else but mine bitcoin. If you have a large sum of cash invested in hardware which has value tied to bitcoin, you'd never do anything to disrupt it (unless the profit from e.g. shorting BTC were high enough, which is unlikely).
Again it's only useful up to a point though. At that point you're in a situation where a single entity produces all hardware (since producing specialized hardware has huge costs), and ends up controlling the whole network (by signalling non-democratic positions on network architecture goals which it can later enforce via hashrate -- those positions are obviously geared towards more mining profit). Again the bitmain problem.
@_date: 2017-05-20 19:50:39


Ok, I'll try to modify for ELI5-worthiness.
Apologies if you already know some of this:
For a while now the official releases of the main Bitcoin client (Bitcoin Core) have had code in them called SegWit. This separates some data from transactions (witness data) making room for more transactions in a block. A block is a record of transactions that can contain a limited amount of them, so if it gets full the network stalls; more on that later. SegWit also fixes something called transaction malleability. This makes the building of second layer solutions like Lightning Network possible and lots of other future developments easier to deploy. Lightning Network is a modification that will enable bitcoin to "Handle millions to billions of transactions per second across the network. Capacity blows away legacy payment rails by many orders of magnitude."
Unfortunately the SegWit code is not yet active within the main client which is by far the dominant on the network. So it's in there but there is a condition that needs to be met before it is activated...
The developers released SegWit (the code modification in question) with a built in check that needs 95% of the miners to signal in their blocks that they are ready for it and have upgraded their mining nodes to it. Unfortunately miners (which are the guys working to secure and maintain the whole network) are now blocking it's activation. This could be because of a number of reasons like fear that second layer solutions like Lightning Network will reduce the load on the main Bitcoin chain and therefore reduce the fees they collect from users or that SegWit enables solutions that they are not directly able to try and control like the main chain. Who knows!?! There are plenty of reasons and most of them are ones that are related to the miners own profits and not in line with the desires of the network's users.
Whatever their reasons the majority of users and businesses do want SegWit and are frustrated by their blocking of it.
So - enter the idea of a UASF... &lt;insert dramatic music here&gt;
What are the changes? The UASF (also called BIP 148) isn't any more than a small number of lines of code. 
Blocks are the main components of the bitcoin protocol (forming the "blockchain"), they contain rewards for miners  and records of all transactions. Again you can see that if the transaction records are full, the network will stall accepting no more transaction for a while. What UASF does is say that from August 1st onwards any nodes running it will reject blocks that miners produce if those blocks don't signal for SegWit. 
By gaining enough support via users and exchanges running UASF BIP 148 this will hopefully force miners to start signalling for SegWit and push the percentage above the 95% activation threshold and... activate SegWit on Bitcoin!
To understand the risks this is a great post by Luke-jr that covers that better than I could.
If you already run a node you can upgrade it to run the UASF code or add a flag (called a uacomment) to your node to say you support it. If you do the latter is it important that you upgrade to run the actual code by August 1st.
If you don't run a node maybe it's time to give it a try and support the activation of SegWit through user action! :-)
@_date: 2017-05-14 18:36:53
I don't know the details behind Lightning Network (or if it works in practice), but the idea is that it would take care of small transactions. Would be a good solution.
@_date: 2017-07-28 00:48:35
It's not stability that matter so much here, but lack of correlation to their currency. 
Also, you are delusional as I'm sure you've never had to face hyperinflation in real life. It's a scary phenomenon, bitcoin volatility is nothing in comparison.
This is actually one of the most important real world applications any cryptocurrency has had so far.
@_date: 2017-05-29 06:40:03
Want to get Jihan to shit on his pants? Call for an algorithm change. Bitmain has taken it too far, they've become a sole entity almost entirely controlling the Proof-of-work mechanism which should be a *distributed* consensus. After we get UASF SegWit it may be time for ASIC-resistance. A CryptoNight variant would be nice.
This whole thing shows that if some entity *can* exploit over-dominance to hold the network hostage, they will.
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:27:41


That's because you are, in fact, shilling. You're not putting convincing reasons to invest in ICOs and how they're fundamentally good investments, you're tricking people into a 'get rich easy' mindset. The reason is obvious, you have a lot to gain with shilling.