@_author: 2914iwik
@_date: 2018-09-23 01:33:49
1) so you agree with me. Student loan debt on average is positive for society since it increases income? Great, you agree.  
2) you want me to prove that debt funded stock buy backs are positive for companies? I can do that if that's what you're asking.  Higher stock prices and dividend's are good for shareholders.
3) so you agree, again. Great.
It seems you agree with all my points. But you feel like arguing for the sake of arguing. If you agree with my points, then we can conclude that debt is positive for economies.
@_date: 2018-09-19 06:43:56
The level of current debt servicing is sustainable and manageable.  
Also, debt is usually preferably and positive for economies.  For example an 18 year old with no money can get in student loan debt to get an education and earn much more with his degree.  Another example is corporations, debt generally funds expansions and this produces profit.  As a whole, debt creates more income and assets than it costs.


The economy is based on consumer spending.  Without consumer spending you'll be worse off as a society.
I understand where you are coming from, a conspiracy who hates debt based on incorrect ideas and fake information.  I will refute every thing you have to say if you want to give an intelligent response.
@_date: 2018-09-18 02:51:37
Inflation is good for the economy. "Sound money" aka gold standard restricts economic growth.
The primary reason being human psychology. When prices remain the same or decrease it encourages saving and discourages getting in debt. It discourages spending which I'd bad for economies (70% is consumer spending)
@_date: 2018-09-21 08:25:30
1)  Are you claiming that getting an education does not yield more life-long income compared to not going to school
If so, I will very easily provide evidence to the contrary.
2) Are you claiming that businesses do not benefit from using debt?  Whether to buy back stock, or expand operations.
If so, I can easily provide evidence.
3) Are you claiming that consumer spending is not important for an economy to function or grow?
Lets focus on real points, instead of going on unrelated tangents.  Pick a point, give clear reasoning and I will refute it with actual evidence.




@_date: 2018-08-10 12:42:11


I agree, it is more like an emerging market currency.


Household debt has decreased since the GFC.  Debt is actually much more serviceable due to lower rates.  Currently there is no issues with paying down debt.
What reasons do you have that debt is an issue?  USA is not really that indebted relative to other developed countries.


What chaos?  I have not seen any significant chaos..
Why would bitcoin be used instead of USD or YEN?
Private debt looks high, however low rates still makes it easily serviceable. I can provide more data to support this viewpoint if need be.
@_date: 2018-08-10 11:00:36
I can tell you what happens during a stock crash.
Stocks are valued based on how much profit they will produce in the future.  Stocks who produce lots of cash today with small growth are expected to not produce much in the future, so they have a low P/E.  These stocks perform much better during a recession/crash than their counterparts.  Option two is losing money today (Tesla), or barely profitable, but growing 20-40% per year, these stocks will have high valuations and high P/E.  These crash the hardest during recessions because their value doesn't yet exist, the value is based on expected future cash from the current growth rates.
Bonds lose value if the economy does good.  Strong economy = higher interest rates = bonds today are worth less.  Why would you want a bond that pays 3% for 30 years if current rates are 5%?  In a bad economy, interest rates get decrease and bonds value rise.  Bonds are the safe play for recessions.
During a booming market you want to be in high growth stocks.  You don't want to be in bonds.  "Risk on" currency trades do very well, these usually have higher interest rates (higher growth) and are commodity related currencies like Canada (oil), NZ (agriculture), AUS (mining, coal).  Low yielding currencies to poorly.  Japan is a good example of a low yield currency, USA used to be one but it's currently one of highest interest rates in world now.  
During a recession, the opposite is true.  The USD usually outperforms (it won't now because it's not a low yielding currency anymore), and the YEN will do great because it is a safe haven (no growth, low rates).  Risk is always taken by the growth engines, whether it's commodities, currencies, or tech stocks and they always get hit hard.  REITs usually hold up well, utilities hold up well  (low P/E, high cash, no growth).  That's not to say most of these things perform well, but they perform better relative to other investments.  
What do you think Bitcoin is?  Is it fueled by growth or value?  Is it high yielding or low yielding?  Why do people buy it?  As of now, Cryptocurrencies have no value.  They only hold value (200billion market cap?) because of expectation of future growth, of possible real use.  Since Bitcoin acts like a currency, you should treat it like a currency.  But the question should be focused on if it's closer to the YEN, USD or Venezuelan currencies?  During a recession the Yen would gain, and emerging market currencies would fall.  Bitcoin is closer to an emerging market than a developed one.  The trust in currency is much greater in USD than it is for emerging markets, very few trust bitcoin.  USD has the backing of resources, the government, which is worth much more than an emerging market.  Bitcoin can grow, be more trusted, and gain the stability, but that isn't where it is.  
I would conclude bitcoin would act similarly to emerging market currencies to a recession.  It would decrease in value.