@_author: 2blehelix
@_date: 2019-02-22 14:33:29
For real - John is right about what? He has made several statements. Which one are you referring to? If you mean that he is right about him being assaulted more than any male on this planet (which wasn’t even the point and was an awful response to the question), that isn’t true. 
If you mean about bitcoin, I hope he is right, but god damn to wager eating his own dick was just sophomoric at best. Then to say in this interview that he would just outsource it/delegate it... shows a complete lack of personal responsibility. 
But back to the point, what is John right about? I am intrigued. Up to this point, I have only been able to view him as a fringe figure caught up in drug addled ramblings and criminal conspiracy theories. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 17:34:55
Human greed is the disease. It feeds on this bullshit version of capitalism we have in the USA. The federal reserve is just an incubator. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 20:06:24
Fuck a Lamborghini. 
What kind of fucked up system do we live in when we work all day and get paid but never actually see the money we are owed in fiat until a bank or financial institution puts their hands on it first (and thus gets paid their service fees)? A system where it is illegal for an individual to walk around with more than a certain amount of fiat currency. A system where police can at any time stop you and steal your fiat currency without ever charging you with a crime. You have to go through legal proceedings which take time and more money to get that fiat currency back. 
The value of an American’s labor is not the hourly rate he or she is promised when the job is agreed to. We get fucked by the politicians and the federal reserve and the banks every day we use their filthy money. 
I don’t give a fuck about holding BTC until the price goes up. I want the market to recognize it as a viable currency instead of a volatile investment tool. When people like McAfee come out of the woodwork to champion the cause, though, mainstream adoption inches farther away...
@_date: 2019-02-22 15:21:41
I hear you. But that said, I wouldn’t point to John being right any more than I would say anyone echoing platitudes they heard smarter people say were right. They are technically correct until they are distracted by the next smart person who happens to be telling them something they want to hear (i.e. the more manipulative one). I would point to someone a little more stable as being our crypto savior. There are a plenty of smart people out there, some of them don’t have the best intentions... 
...while we are at it, banks are the problem for a number of reasons and depending on who you read or how you lean, can be seen a symptom of the disease, not the disease itself. 
