@_author: 2b-ym9vdhk
@_date: 2019-07-10 15:09:20
Why does it follow from the fact that someone else produces less than me that I am obligated to expend some of my labor on his behalf? If that same person has more fun in life than me, or has more sex, is he obligated to make us more equal in those dimensions, too? Reproductive success is arguably at least as important as financial success; where's the push for coercive government intervention there?
@_date: 2019-10-14 01:17:27
You wouldn't have to reverse a hash function.
If privateKey_N+1 = hash(privateKey_N), and you know privateKey_X, then you can easily derive privateKey_X+K (for K &gt; 0). This is significant because it would mean that spending from one address generated by an HD wallet, thus revealing the corresponding public key, would leave all future addresses generated by that wallet vulnerable to the breaking of ECDSA via quantum computers, even before those addresses are spent.
If privateKey_N = hash(masterKey + N), then knowing privateKey_X doesn't give you access to privateKey_Y (for X != Y); you have to know the masterKey.
@_date: 2019-08-05 16:24:40
No, Citizens United did not set that precedent. The ruling covered spending on independent speech, not direct campaign contributions.
@_date: 2019-10-14 00:56:00
Despite the fact that the average inter-block time is 10 minutes, if you were to pick a point in time at random (e.g. the time you create a transaction), it is expected to land in an inter-block period of 20 minutes.
@_date: 2019-08-05 15:29:13
No, Citizens United did not find that "money is speech". It recognized that restricting spending money on speech restricts speech and therefore violates the first amendment. This doesn't mean that you can spend money on whatever you want and have that expenditure itself be protected under the first amendment
@_date: 2019-10-20 22:04:24
Your debt is sold to someone else.
@_date: 2019-10-21 04:58:28
Depends how your jurisdiction handles insolvency and whether your deposit is insured.
Some (simplified) possibilities:
1. You recognized the risk inherent in lending money to a fractional reserve bank and had your deposit insured. Your policy covers some or all of what the bank can't pay you.
2. Your government implements a deposit insurance program and forces taxpayers to cover what the bank can't pay you.
3. Your government does not implement a deposit insurance program and you chose not to have insurance in a jurisdiction which allows debt relief during insolvency proceedings. The bank cannot fully cover your deposit and you take the loss.
There's nothing surprising about scenario 3. Your creditors could have the same experience if you become insolvent.
@_date: 2019-12-29 20:39:38
Some people think they have good reason to pay for some of the services offered by government. The rest is theft.
It's not moral to offer a service and then force people to pay for it because you claim that they would benefit from it whether they pay or not. That's a monetization problem that you need to solve as an entrepreneur, not an excuse to alienate people from their labor.
You can argue about the pragmatic effects of a completely voluntary society, but whatever those effects may be, other people's lives and labor are not yours to be used in achieving your goals - even if they live near you, and even if they're outnumbered by people who agree with you. They have their own goals and the right to negotiate among themselves how they'll voluntarily interact to achieve them.
@_date: 2019-09-03 20:32:37
Modern wallets are capable of deterministically generating a sequence of addresses, and their corresponding private keys, from a single secret, typically encoded as a mnemonic phrase of 12 to 24 words.
Every time you receive a payment, the wallet will generate the next address in its sequence. The wallet will keep track of these and automatically construct payments using them as inputs. Since the sequence of addresses is deterministic, you can restore the entire wallet history and balance from just the mnemonic phrase.
People without your mnemonic phrase (or the corresponding xpub which generates the addresses but not the private keys) will not be able to tell that two of your addresses came from the same wallet, so it's much harder for them to accurately track your behavior if you receive to a new address every time.