@_author: 36590
@_date: 2017-07-23 18:01:16
For the record, I didn't notice that New_Dawn was replying to a post by yourself, I thought they were commenting generally on the poster in the photo. In which case, if you want to signal your support for Trans Pride, then I agree, you I think you should be able to go ahead and do that, without being told to be quiet, not just for now, which isn't what New_Dawn said, but basically, from now on :/. Makes me sad.
@_date: 2017-07-24 12:57:12
I'd like to do this, but lack the technical expertise. I believe I can hire a VPS. Will Ubuntu or Debian work equally well? What do I need to do next? How much storage will I need? Thanks
@_date: 2017-07-23 19:24:14
More to the point, this would unfortunately be open to abuse - firstly, people would make fraudulent claims, and secondly, people would offer others a tiny amount more than the market rate for their total allocation, until only 1 in 100 people held some, at which point, they would offer to sell it back to these same individuals for 20x the price.
Incidentally, this I believe is what is essentially happening to anyone who sells out in the next few years.
@_date: 2017-07-22 12:04:07
I sell (spend) Bitcoin quite regularly, and then buy back in when I get paid.
I've found sufficiently cheap ways of onboarding/offboarding that this is worthwhile; Bitcoin goes up, this encourages me to save rather than spend, but when I do spend, my spending power is generally greater than if I didn't do this.
@_date: 2017-07-25 12:26:12
This is a great idea. The alternative is processing the transaction manually, buying some nice bitcoin signage with the funds you would otherwise have spent on the ATM, and my recommendation would be to also do the following:
Hire a programmer to create a 3-5 page website. On each page, have a little JavaScript, that tells the page to redirect to another page every x seconds. One page could display recent news about Bitcoin. Another could display the prices you buy and sell at. Another could display a graph, with a 1 day tick size perhaps, showing current bitcoin prices. You might only need those pages (or less, you could just display the buy and sell prices). Now, I would have this same developer set up this website to be hosted onsite, and not available on the Internet (I mean, it could be, but the website is actually just content for a sign). Buy an LCD screen and a wall mount, and put the screen somewhere it will be seen. You could put a second screen in the window, which perhaps would not show every page, perhaps just current Bitcoin price. I know all this sounds like a fair bit of work, but I've already done a fair chunk of the work for you I hope :). As for transacting, I would just put the cash in the till, and send the Bitcoin from your phone.
You will need to consider though, the possibility that someone will attempt to steal the phone - this is something an ATM protects you against. One way to protect against this is to avoid keeping too much on the device. Another is to use CoPay, and have someone off-site countersign transactions (hassle?). BitGo might also be able to offer you a solution. The bulk of the value in a Bitcoin ATM comes from the difficulty in stealing it (or the ability to place it in a non-manned location, or simply that people might use it on impulse). The advantage of processing transactions manually is you can recommend them a wallet, answer questions, and spend the money instead of great signage.
@_date: 2017-07-24 11:20:47
I heard about Bitcoin around September 2013, but was put off by that MtGox seemed the "best" option to buy - Bitcoin's were priced several dollars more competitively there than elsewhere, but I didn't want to send them a wire transfer (the payment option that was available to me) - their website looked unprofessional. I began doing this in September 2014. I believe segwit activation will unleash a wave of competing innovations, which have I believe been in some stage of development since segwit was proposed, but have had to wait for its activation, such as:
Consumer Protection: New companies offering to act as arbitrators, and offer guarantees of safety. The business model might be, they act as a third party in a transaction, and if something goes awry, they can be called upon to arbitrate. They will only charge a fee in cases where their involvement is required. If both parties are happy with the transaction, their signature will not be required to confirm it. If a party are unhappy with the transaction, the arbitrators signature/non-signature can be used, after they have followed some agreed upon procedure for transaction dispute settlement. Perhaps if the transaction value is sufficiently high, more complex arrangements involving multiple arbitrators - one area of innovation may be arbitrators based in different legal jurisdictions; useful for global payments. Once Schnorr Signatures (which are unlocked by segwit activation) are introduced, such transactions will take up no additional space in a block.
Fraud Prevention: I imagine for example, that you could place 1 key in a safe place, keep another handy, and provide a third to some company/entity. You would then perhaps opt to register a contact telephone number with them, provide them with some security questions to pose to you, and have access to a dashboard where you can see the default settings, and reconfigure them to fit your personal needs - for example, if a payment is made to a third party you have never transacted with before, you will send a 2FA code to the company to countersign it. Unless the payment is under some amount, in which case, you are happy for them to proceed in signing. Unless they believe that address is connected to fraud, in which case, perhaps they will call you and ask you the security questions you previously set up. Once you have made a payment to some party, perhaps from then on you are happy for payments up to a certain amount to be paid to them, at some frequency. Or perhaps this was a one time payment, and you do not want to add them to your trusted payees. Adding payees to your trusted list might be automatic, or manual. Perhaps you know you will be transacting once a month with some third party, and want to authorize, for some number of months, or until further notice, payments up to a certain amount per period (you will still instantiate these at your end). In other words, the same type of protections your bank currently offer, except now these are being offered by the free market, and you are free to engage the services of any third party (or none) to assist you in keeping your funds safe from theft. If they are compromised at some point after you supply them with the key, they only have one key (so cannot compromise your funds, aside authorizing transactions your key has already authorized), so you can place your funds under the control of new keys and engage the services of alternative providers. Someone may figure out how to replace this "company entity" wholly with a trustless alternative, perhaps using Rootstock smart contracts.
If they refuse to sign the transaction, you can retrieve your additional key from a safe place, and use it to complete the transaction yourself - meaning you have retained custodial control.
Custodial services upgrading to non-custodial (using payment channels), in part to avoid the need for much regulation (since they are not in control of other people's money), and make their offering much more compelling (Lykke might give you an idea of how this could look, in the beginning. After a few years of trial and error, even better). This would mean you could "keep funds at the exchange", in such a way that if the exchange is compromised by internal or external forces, your funds remain safe.
Sidechains, there are already people working on Mimblewimble implementations for instance.
Sidechains, leading to a lot of experimentation, loyalty/reward points are perhaps an obvious area to start in (by remaining loyal to a business, the value of the rewards they have awarded you on previous expenditure might increase, and the cost of financing further expansion for this business might diminish). AXA are interested I presume for purposes related to insurance.
Lightning Network, leading to a new class of non-custodial payment processors, and non-custodial remittance matchmakers. These might be used in a similar way to how payment processing is outsourced to companies like Stripe and Braintree today - sure, you can process the payments yourself, but maybe it's easier for a merchant to pay a small fee to use an existing API (there's a surprising amount of corner cases/small details  In time, much of this may become open source (akin Mycelium Gear). I can imagine layers similar to Apache LibCloud coming into existence too, to avoid vendor lock-in as we see in today's marketplace (e.g. PayPal by and large are the arbitrator for eBay sales, Amazon are the arbitrator for Amazon Marketplace sales, etc).
Confidential Transactions - so you can buy a coffee without revealing your wallet balance/salary to observers.
Non-custodial payment channels and smart contracts being used to create more efficient global supply chains - for example, a payment from a retailer in one country could cascade down through distributors, logistics, procurement, manufacturing, raw materials, without the delays of several weeks or more that are currently present. There's already a lot of work being done in this area.
Much more - exotic new ideas that aren't possible in the current financial system. The end of transaction malleability is a big deal.
Incidentally, this post is getting downvoted a lot.
@_date: 2017-07-23 15:21:18
I would not say that New_Dawn's comment was particularly homophobic - as they said, they don't give a fuck. They did assert the position that they would rather not know about it. I suppose this is not so different from those who for whatever reason think getting hot and heavy in public/in someone else's space is "bad manners". Incidentally, you may be unaware New_Dawn, that Brighton is a very LGBT friendly area of the UK, where overt displays of sexuality of all kinds are entirely "normal".
And in Brighton, I would most certainly say that being anything but completely open or neutral on issues of sexuality would be "bad manners".
Personally, I'd be quite open to this being the case the world over, but at the same time, I understand that opinions differ - some people believe that men or women lead happier lives in hetrosexual relationships.
From my own personal life experience, I know a very happy lesbian, and very happy gay, couple. I also know some very happy straight couples. And I have known unhappy lesbian, and unhappy straight, couples. I don't think it is a deciding factor.
Cool posters :).