@_author: 3b8686
@_date: 2015-06-11 23:31:36
So we should stop complaining about and blaming Coinbase and start complaining about the government, which this post doesn't do.
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:41:36
I didn't say they weren't. . .
*Besides, there's nothing inherently wrong with a debt-based currency. The most important thing is perception of value, and a willingness to use whatever chosen currency as a means of exchanging that value. There's no inherent value in just about anything, including the blockchain, only in the wide-spread acceptance and perceived security of that means of exchange. The USD and EUR are perceived as generally pretty secure (I know that I can exchange something for that dollar and still use it to exchange for something else similar in value in the next few days). The blockchain may be predictable, but that doesn't mean that its value is secure. In fact, being only backed by demand, and as there's no control over the supply of it (besides computing I guess), if things become unbalanced in ownership (say coinbase keeps bitcoin) they have more control of the bitcoin supply, and would be able to manipulate pricing, demand, &amp;c, just as the Fed does today. Which would either leave everyone having to abandon it for an alternative currency that is reset to be more fair, or cause everyone to be trapped under the willingness of the majority owner to sell or hold depending on their decision.
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:31:35
Hah, subscribe to They might as well have a live feed of updates over there.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:29:19
Oh geez, I'm an idiot. I see absolutely where you're coming from. Sorry. 
My mind was on lending bitcoin to others as an investment or otherwise.
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:27:01
You're absolutely right. It's a tough balance to make between when to trust yourself and when to trust others.
It's probably more appropriate to say that if you don't know whether to trust a third-party to manage your private keys or to manage your keys on your own, then you shouldn't be putting any significant amount of money into bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:04:58
Thank you.
Is this the you're talking about? 
I'm honestly surprised at how poorly this post was received. Makes you wonder what kind of motivations some of these users have for down-voting me.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:49:05
Nah, I'm not burying my head in the sand.
I'd just rather spend my time working on something positive (like bitcoin) as a solution, instead of wasting my time dwelling on the problems of the past and thinking doing so is going to somehow magically fix the future on its own.
@_date: 2014-12-18 15:38:48
Thank you.
Jump in with a small amount that you're easily comfortable with losing and get used to the whole practice of password and private key management. 
I'd suggest downloading lots of apps and signing up for lots of web wallets, then sending a few bits to each just to get familiar with how each works and learn which you works best for your needs.
Good luck.
500 bits
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:43:33
That's a huge part though. Bitcoin does have viable uses, it just needs more innovation and work to get it adopted.
Seems most people would rather sit on their bitcoin and philosophize about how it's going to magically be worth more as soon as people become as enlightened as them.
The longer they sit around and don't innovate and push it to real usage, the longer it'll take for their bit-investment to be worth anything.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:26:53
You pay the interest with dollars of the same imaginary worth that the debt is made up of.
Private banks are entities, not people. It's not like they're individuals that are incredible wealthy and keeping the others down. Nothing is stopping you from staying out of debt and lending the same imaginary dollars with interest to go towards you. In fact, it's pretty much encouraged nationwide. Or even getting in debt, then lending out with a higher return.
This isn't some conspiracy where money is inherently created to maintain a wealth gap. Sure, wealthy people have the time and resources to manipulate it to work in their favour. But I guarantee you, they'll do exactly the same thing with Bitcoin when it becomes more widespread, as I'm sure they already have.
If you're concerned about systemic economic problems, I'd encourage you to spend more time and effort on a real education for yourself and others. Stay away from oversimplifying, and really learn all the ins and outs of everything, instead of the basics you have now. Check out Coursera, Edx, KhanAcademy, stay away from conspiracy sites. (and I don't say that as some sort of superior, you're clearly capable at understanding it all. I just see you as looking at the whole issue through too narrow of an angle, as I may be from my end.)
There isn't a silver bullet for the issues the world is facing today, not even in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:07:17
Yes, well said. 
There is obviously a balance that needs to be made, and the U.S. is making risky decisions in that regard.
I don't see how bitcoin inherently protects against counterpart risk though.
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:56:57
No, there's nothing inherently wrong with having a system of currency that is able to be elastic with the supply and demand of credit. 
The debt is imaginary, it doesn't represent real value. But if it can be perceived as valuable, then it can get something done.
This is oversimplified, but bear with me:
Say that across the nation people want to start businesses after a recent great depression. They have a great idea for what to do to legitimately add value to the world. The problem is, the nation just overcame a depression, money is tight, people don't want to risk the last little amount of money on a risky project that they don't know will give them their money back. 
If we don't have an elastic monetary supply, then too bad, project won't happen until people feel the economy is better, thing is, the economy generally doesn't get better until we get some innovation and businesses running that will get money flowing again. This could lead to a pretty bad situation.
Mr. Morgan knows there are only $1,000,000,000 in the economy, he lucked out over the depression and has $500,000,000 of it. He now personally can decide on what happens in half the economy. You think solar is a good investment? Too bad, Mr. Morgan thinks Oil is still the future and he has the money to decide.
If we do have an elastic monetary supply, the Fed can go out and say, "hey, we need to stimulate the economy, people still trust the dollar, let's go lend $5,000,000,000 to that bank, and they can go lend to all those people that have great ideas." They create the money out of nothing, the bank suddenly has money to lend to people, there's a perception of more wealth in the world, and businesses start up that can actually produce real value.
Again, it all lies in trusting the system we have. The banks only have as much power as we give them, just as Coinbase only has as much power as we want their bitcoin. 
It's a dangerous game no matter which direction you approach it from, and there is never a completely right answer. If there was, we'd have it by now.
Currently in the US, the Fed has done a decent job at helping the economy stay afloat, even if the DOJ doesn't feel the need to hold those who screwed it up accountable.
Decentralized can be just as abused as centralized. It's going to take a ton of work to get Bitcoin to a point where it's as secure and viable as the dollar, the answer isn't just sitting available in the blockchain, we need to build a system around it. 
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:29:12
Good point, but there are situations where Namecoin could maintain value or take off where bitcoin doesn't.
It's also why you shouldn't be putting all of your money in cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2015-07-05 00:01:52
Go to checkout and make sure trezor4independence is listed in the "promo code" box.