@_author: 3bnvtt5cahwhmvhn2
@_date: 2019-05-03 13:50:26
Wow. Crickets. Really? Do you all realize that if the world achieves hyperbitcoinization  a simple transaction on the main-chain would cost thousands of dollar at these current "low" fees? Are we even trying, or are we just simply trying to sell for higher than we bought?
@_date: 2019-05-03 17:56:01
Your history seems to be a wee bit rusty m8. The first "banksters" in history used to be blacksmiths. People would give them their money, which was mostly gold at the time, simply because they could offer them much better security and peace of mind. People used to own their own "coins" but they willingly turned them over. It all degenerated from there. All of you posting "nacho keys nacho bitcoins" are about 5,000 years too late. Sadly you can never go against human nature and your fate has been sealed thousands of years ago
Turns out the biggest quality one can have as a leader is delegation. And clearly, these guys, the governments, are average as fuck and outright incompetent for thinking "better tokens" have failed to overthrow bitcoin. But we should keep posting about how they convene in secrecy somewhere on Mars and plot against all humanity, and how bitcoin is the only thing standing between you and the Rothschild world order. Before they delegate some competent people to look into it, and find out what it actually is.
@_date: 2019-05-03 05:55:00
It's better than it was, no doubt about that. But why do they show fee chart in usd and fail to ever mention that btc price at the time was on average 3x higher? Am I missing something, or are they intentionally exaggerating this for attention/deceit?
@_date: 2019-05-08 20:18:51
This rebuttal is very weak. What the op now calls exchanges you will soon call: custodial services with potential millions of bitcoins in custody. And when devs are in this very thread bragging about the "features" of their mining software a coalition that does selective reorgs seems very likely. You see, bitcoin is not meant to be around for the next 50 years, it's meant to last for thousands of years. The attack it will have to endure we cannot even fathom. And you do need 51% hashpower otherwise they wouldnt have fucking called it that. You just need it for a very long time
@_date: 2019-05-15 10:51:27
This community has a terrible habit of picking and using arguments that only serve their purpose for as long as it serves their purpose. You often liken bitcoin with the early days of the internet. But if you actually go back and watch those tv programs no one knew what they were talking about. And even if they had brought an expert to explain it how it all works, it would have been all in vain and the biggest snore-fest ever. But that's why you're not in tv, but instead here, picking and choosing whatever fits your hypocritical narrative.