@_author: 3n1co2i66x
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:26:23
Bitcoin is definitely in a speculative bubble.  Bitcoin is inherently a speculative asset, just like gold.  The thing is, *if* Bitcoin has value, it is very useful.  Speculators have thus speculated a higher price.  This actually increases Bitcoin's utility.  It's something like a self-fulfilling prophecy. Its speculative nature doesn't mean it has no value, and the positive feedback loop doesn't mean it has infinite value.  I suggest you should look at the current Bitcoin electricity usage as a share of global energy production and use the current block reward (next adjustment in ~4y) to judge the "proper" value of a Bitcoin.
As for trustless and permissionless systems, dare I mention bittorrent?  Mt. Gox's crash did not affect the Bitcoin network at all.  It affected the Bitcoin value, yes, but the network continued on as if nothing happened, with difficulty adjusting as intended.  As you say, there are now many more exchanges and liquidity is both greater and more geographically and politically diversified.  At this point, with the Bitcoin network using as much electricity as all of Ireland, a 51% attack could only realistically be mounted by a large nation state (think G20, if not G7).  Once again, I want to emphasize that a successful 51% attack 1) is temporary, and 2) only exposes a recipient of a Bitcoin transaction made just before the 51% attack to a risk of fraud.  Those who control coins confirmed by many blocks face zero risk to their Bitcoin (more precisely, a 51% attack becomes geometrically more uneconomical to defraud a recipient with the number of confirmations).
The federal government can indeed seize your Bitcoin--if they can seize your private keys.  DPR was an idiot.  If he had kept, say, 50% of his coins in a brainwallet, he would be a billionaire today.  Assuming you're an American: do not underestimate the power of a brainwallet and the fifth amendment.  As for the border guard question (and you're thinking of CBP, not the Border Patrol, unless you're crossing the border outside an official border crossing): you can also simply refuse to answer any questions by invoking your fifth amendment rights.  If you're an American citizen, they *must* allow you entry, even if you don't play their stupid games.  Again, they will be unable to prove--in fact, they will have no reason even to suspect--that you own any bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:12:52
First, a $180B 'market capitalization' means very little.  The actual daily float is quite small; most Bitcoin are simply hoarded, like gold.  A $180B total value in circulation does not mean people have put $180B into Bitcoin.  Most Bitcoin were purchased or mined long ago at a much lower value.
Second, you're missing a few key utilities Bitcoin provides:
* Store of value -- if you take as an axiom that Bitcoin is valuable to other people, like with gold, Bitcoin is an even better store of value than gold!  It has a defined and disinflationary production schedule, it costs next to nothing to store (it requires only information security rather than physical security for heavy gold), and it is trivial to transfer to a prospective buyer anywhere in the world (even in the worst case scenario, with TX fees through the roof, you can transfer $100M from California to Kazakhstan for maybe $10 in a matter of hours)
* Trustless and permissionless architecture -- Bitcoin does not require you to trust any other party, including central banks.  It requires you to trust only that at least 51% of miner hash power is honest.  Even if this is not the case, one is only at risk of being defrauded (i.e. seeing a transaction giving you Bitcoin that is later 'disappeared' from the blockchain, leaving you high and dry); Bitcoin you already own still cannot be spent or seized by any other party unless they know your private keys. Ever.  Further, so long as at least one miner is willing to include your transaction in a block, nobody can prevent you from transacting.
* Information as money -- As alluded to in the first point, Bitcoin allows 256 bits of secret information to represent an almost arbitrarily large amount of value.  This has certain compelling advantages over physical money, including deniability ("No Mr. Border Guard, I don't have any Bitcoin. What are you talking about?"), unseizability (no person can steal your Bitcoin without somehow extracting the private keys from you), and trivial divisibility and transmissibility (I can split my 1BTC and send 0.5BTC to my friend 6,000 miles away and keep 0.5BTC to myself, with a confirmed transaction in a matter of hours.  Try doing that with an American Gold Eagle).