@_author: 3ntry_co
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:24:48
No he isn't. Company directors are responsible to ensure that adequate controls and procedures exist to prevent the occurrence of fraud. That is EU wide regulation / company law. 
Mike's opinion laid out exactly the procedure he performed, which was literally just to do a client money reconciliation. He did not form any opinion on controls / borrowing / cyber security (the problem relates to the hot wallet being hacked) and even if he did, he is still not liable, as you put it.
There is no way to protect the users of Bitcoin exchanges against fraud committed by Directors or malicious hackers. Traditional financial institutions know this and have comprehensive corporate governance structures, internal audit department, internal audit committees, external audits, client money audits, control reviews, etc. in place. Bitstamp has none of this. It is the fault of the Bitstamp Director's and the Bitstamp Director's only.
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:07:59
You are an idiot. Publishing that comment is libel, as it is patently false.
Firstly, It's clear none of you really understand what an audit is, what procedure mike actually performed and what procedures Bitstamp SHOULD put in place to prevent this from happening in the first place.
Secondly, it wasn't an audit but Bitstamp called it an audit, it was a client money reconciliation (which is one tiny part of a proper client money audit). A financial audit happens throughout the year and involves doing waaaay more "Stuff" then just ascertaining if client money liabilities are covered by company cash reserves.
Thirdly, Mike's 'audit' was a point in time opinion only. At the time he issued the opinion, the exchange was adequately capitalised, as in all client money liabilities were covered. Subsequent to this, if something goes wrong, Mike is not liable, nor made any mistakes in the issuance of his 'clear' opinion. Mike did not issue an opinion on the design or integrity on their controls around deposits or withdrawals or cyber security, nor did he test any controls relating to these aspects of the business.
Bitstamp, if they took compliance seriously, would undertake a controls review over their deposit and withdrawal controls. Clearly they haven't done this. The report is called a SOC-2 type 2 report and issues an opinion on the controls as to whether they were designed effectively and operating effectively throughout the period under review.
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:50:00
FYI, Mike's audit was a point in time opinion only. At the time he issued the opinion, the exchange was adequately capitalised, as in all client money liabilities were covered. 
Subsequent to this, if something goes wrong, Mike is not liable, nor made any mistakes in the issuance of his 'clear' opinion.
Bitstamp, if they took compliance seriously, would understake a controls review over their deposit and withdrawal controls. Clearly they haven't done this. The report is called a SOC-2 type 2 report and issues an opinion on the controls as to whether they were designed effectively and operating effectively throughout the period under review. 