@_author: 3rdred
@_date: 2014-04-10 22:16:13
I'm sorry.  I got out.  Entered at around 412. on the swoon in Feb and left at around 450. when the chart started breaking down.  Once those technicals are broken, you have to accept the truth.  Owned a ton of Doge too and had to dump those for a small loss.  What really nauseates me is the cult mentality on the message boards.  It's scary.  The more I learn, the worse this looks.  If you have to trade:  wait until the next major drop - I'll say to around 240-260 and buy the bounce, but then for the love of all things good, sell on any spike in price!  Good luck. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 18:09:01
I expect BTC to drop well below 100.  There simply is no reason for it to hold value.  You might even see them hit 20.  You have a situation where there are far more sellers of coins. Like a stock that is diluted by issuing new shares, there are far too many holders who either bought lower than 100. or obtained them through mining.  Add to that the recent IRS declaration and the downward trend is unbreakable. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 18:22:31
You are absolutely right.  I'm stunned at the denial level in this group.  Go a revisit the tech bubble of 1999.  EVERY SINGLE STOCK was crushed when the music stopped.   BTC will see less than $100  DOGECOIN will see less than 10 Satoshi.   If you want to invest, wait until capitulation occurs - when joe public thinks it's a waste of cash.  I'm guessing sometime late next year.  
@_date: 2014-04-10 14:43:29
BTC and all Cryptos: Penny stocks for folks who don't day-trade.   Can you say fleece?  
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:28:00
You guys talk about BTC as if it were stock in a company.  As if there is some reason to expect growth through profits but in reality there is nothing supporting the price of bitcoin except fools buying into the propaganda put here by those who were lucky enough to get in super early.   The strong hands are praying that newbies will buy their worthless junk (many are limited to selling a certain amount each day).   Newbies who are thinking of buying should walk away from this trading card scam.  Do not give your hard earned dollars to those who are selling this nonsense.  If you are young, take your money and invest in yourself.  Take more classes, learn a new skill, travel, do anything but try to out-scam some other human.  If you must invest, put your money into ETF's that track the market.   Follow my advice and sleep soundly, follow bitcoin snake-oil salesman's advice and you will suffer.  EDIT: Spelling  Note:  NOT sarcasm. 
@_date: 2014-04-10 14:40:49
Don't waste your money.  BTC will be below 100. by his 19th.
@_date: 2014-04-10 21:57:54
Being bold in this case is *not* following the bullshit hype of Bitcoin, and instead, doing something smart with your money.   If you only knew how much "volatility" I've seen in my life.    I've traded index futures with 50-100k on the line and endured price movement equally if not more terrifying than BTC.   I traded thousands of times and analyzed untold numbers of companies and their statistics, as well as their charts.  Believe me, I understand risk, loss, and gain.  The fact that you are not phased by 100-dollar price swings or more importantly - price declines, following a classic parabolic bubble is evidence that you are a gambler, pure and simple.  You now must rely on new, more foolish gamblers to buy your shitty product so you can get out.   I've seen this game played so many times it's amazing to me that there are still folks who fall for it.   If you got in super early (less than $50 per coin), congratulations, you are very lucky, not skilled, just lucky.  The BTC game has been played and if you don't liquidate today, every last coin you have, you are foolish.  I suppose you might see a little bump to sucker fools into thinking there's more upside, but in months you will be looking at under 200 and by next year, a fraction of that.  I'll tell you what should send chills down your spine: the fact that everyone and their grandma has been alerted to this "gold rush" and thinks they can still make money on this scheme.  If ever there was a sign to exit it's now.  Smart money will retreat and wait for the inevitable collapse and when, or if, there is a crypto-currency winner, they will do their due-dilligence and invest wisely with a reasonable and appropriate amount of risk.   So, I repeat to newcomers who think the game can still be played: It can't.  So don't.  I'll check back with you when BTC hits less than 50 bucks a coin and see how your mental state is then.  Hopefully you will only have a touch of bi-polar and not full-on depression. 