@_author: 4433322
@_date: 2015-03-01 08:39:46
Go to their site and search careers for bitcoin
CIB-New Product Development Product Delivery Manager- Associate/VP- New York-150015057
Job Description
 
 About J.P. Morgan Corporate &amp; Investment Bank 
J.P. Morgan’s Corporate &amp; Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world’s most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits, the Corporate &amp; Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world.
 
Who we are
 
We are not your grandparents’ banking products team. Nor are we a “startup” within a bank. We are a small, focused team of passionate engineers, data and business people and designers set on creating and building products that can transform the way we and our clients do business.
 
Sure, we are part of a large financial services firm operating in a highly-regulated environment, and that means we are not as flexible or agile as your average company – let alone a startup. It means we are careful stewards of our clients’ trust and money and combine creativity, speed with discipline and awareness.
 
It also means that what we build matters and has huge impact; our products and solutions will reach our 1000s of clients around the world, and affect how J.P. Morgan does business – from trading securities in multiple markets to moving trillions of dollars a day. We won’t build it unless we know it can scale.
 
We are obsessed with effectiveness, productivity and efficiency; if we find an issue or broken process, we fix it. We work with the right tools, make decisions quickly, and only pursue those ideas that can scale and meet our clients’ and our business’ critical needs.
 
 
 
Why join?
 
This is a fascinating time in our industry. By now, it’s a cliché that Banks will have to embrace technology and innovation if they are to thrive in the years to come. We believe that is true and are committed to show that we can do it, and are looking for others to join. You will:  
-          Work on some of the most complex problems imaginable at the intersection of two dynamic industries – finance and technology.
-          Interact with insanely large and fascinating data currently not available anywhere else.
-          Develop products that can change the way 1000s of clients operate, and how Banking is done today.
      
            
 
 
Send us your resume, linkedin profile, and/or twitter handle, as well as 2-3 potential product ideas.
 
Who we are hiring
 
We are looking for outstanding product and delivery managers. As any good product manager, you will own the product from conception to delivery, working alongside other members of our group. You will bridge the technical and business worlds, ensuring we are building the right products for the right clients in the right time. You will work with our clients, our business partners, and our leadership to build products that matter.
 
Ideally, you will have experience building and managing products. You might also have done really well at a Consulting Firm or Investment Bank and are just eager to roll up your sleeves and build things. In the end, what matters to us is that when something needs to get done, people usually come to you.
 
You care about disruption and have opinions on the future of banking, the payments system, and how to improve upon our existing financial infrastructure. You have an opinion on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
 
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. offers an exceptional benefits program and a highly competitive compensation package. 
JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran.
 
 
Job Product Development
Primary LocationUS-NY-Brooklyn-4 Chase Metrotech Ctr / 03357
Organization CORPORATE &amp; INVESTMENT BANK
Schedule Full-time
Job Type Standard
Shift Day Job
Corporate Brand J.P. Morgan
 