@_author: 44yyz
@_date: 2019-09-22 18:21:07
I’m sorry but I really think the “my way or the highway” strategy isn’t a good one when trying to bring new people onboard.
@_date: 2019-09-22 18:16:13
I appreciate all the comments and perspectives.
In the bitcoin community, a variety of different units of measurement, and longer numbers are easy to understand, but if bitcoin were to become commonplace around the world, I still believe it will be necessary to make it more palatable for the general public.
If a middle-class person in a first-world country has to use a calculator to total even two or three everyday items, the system isn’t easier than fiat currency. If there are too many different units of measurement, it will be easier for that same person to accidentally use the wrong unit.
If a solution hasn’t be thought out by that point, I think the best option would be to hold a “stock split” in the future when volatility slows that grounds the value of 1 BTC closer to that of a US dollar.
If it’s easier to say or calculate the value of a yacht (1 BTC in the example listed above), than the value of a loaf of bread (4000 sats / x finney / x mBTC) the everyday consumer will struggle to adopt the system.
That’s just my two sats :)
@_date: 2019-09-22 19:25:55
Ahh, thanks for the correction in point one. That’s what I meant.
Solid point about the yen. 
Thanks for your response. This has been really informative.
@_date: 2019-09-22 18:44:41
I think this is a solid response.
My only note would be this: although bitcoin is closer to gold in nature, in the argument of ease-of-use, it would be better to compare the language used (BTC, sats, ksats) against the most commonly used payment methods (dollars, euros, pounds, etc) because that is likely what future adopters will be transitioning from when bitcoin becomes the future of currency.
Most (all?) fiat currency use two labels (dollars/cents for example). Continuing to use the wide variety of labels is fine, but it may introduce confusion to those who are used to simpler systems.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:03:07
Yikes, my poor grandma still uses the imperial system, because centimetres, millimetres, kilograms, etc “are too confusing”. Flawed logic, but unfortunately bitcoin has to cater to everyone for mass adoption, not the other way around.
Sats seems palatable, but I fear first world countries might have trouble working with thousands and ten thousands of Sats for everyday items.