@_author: 4b1t
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:13:09
It's a scam. It's basically a pyramid scheme with the first adopters desperate for more suckers to come onboard.
The vast vast bulk of bitcoin boosters have little to no clue about underlying economics and say the most stupid things.
I have no problem with digital currency. But I wish bitcoin would die a death.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:44:13
Lol at all these losers thinking Greece will adopt bitcoin or something. "Greece to the moon!" 
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:05:25
Bitcoin is a scam.
No really. Its such an obvious pyramid scheme I can't see how anyone can miss it. All the people who got in early are desperate for other suckers to pile in and push up the price so the can bail out and bro down. Total scam.
@_date: 2014-02-21 05:49:10
Lol. So by that logic every time you see a market tanking you should immediately buy in? Hahahhaa Also I can't be fucked to look this up but I'm pretty sure the quote is Baron de Rothschild and what he ACTUALLY said was something like "the best time to buy PROPERTY is when there's blood in the streets".
But the again, Rothschild was a genius and you...well...you're not.
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:47:02
Lol. Rage. Nice try but how am I raging? Oh "You don't have time to explain" to me. And I'm "living with my parents" (while you make mad bank betting on a busted exchange coming back from the dead).  Funny!
As I said to you before 'Time is a great teacher' and you'll learn...sounds like you're the type that learns the hard way. Good luck with your market 'strategy' of betting on failing assets. Hahahaaaa
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:53:43
"Rage against Gox"? What rage? I couldn't care less.
Also, you still don't understand fundamental vs technical analysis. You keep using the word 'fundamental' but are actually what is better described as a (confused) TA argument.
Again, I couldn't care less about whether Gox lives or dies. My comments are about you and what you are saying. You seem convinced based on a misquoted 18th century aphorism that now is a great time to buy from gox simply because it's doing badly.
Tell me please why you aren't investing in the Greek drachma? That has shat itself recently and at least you can, y'know, freely exchange it for hard currency whenever you want? If you want to buy dog investments why settle for the non-convertible goxcoin?
And listen, I understand the argument that high risk can equal high reward but that, in itself, is not an argument for buying risky assets...is it?
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:01:10
Lol, so how are those fundamentals working out?
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:49:29
This is hopeless. You don't understand what 'fundamentals' or 'fundamental analysis' means. I can see this clearly in your attempt to use the term in relation to an exchange rather than a stock. Markets have fundamentals. Exchanges don't. 
You don't know what is going on with Gox. Gox is a black box right now. How can you decide that the 'fundamentals' of Gox are sound? 
You are lost, and the fact that by your own admission you invest based on 18th Century aphorisms is...scary. 
I know you won't listen to me but here's a 19th Century aphorism "Time is a great teacher". Good luck!
@_date: 2014-02-21 06:11:45
Bitcoins? Market Fundamentals? Do you understand what you just said?
@_date: 2013-12-19 04:01:18
Honest answer: Reading this subreddit today did it for me. No Joke.
I heard serious discussions about "bitcoin fundamentals" heard people talk about how they should "hang on" because "you haven't lost anything if you don't sell". I have seen people attempt "technical analysis" on BTC trading patterns. Seen people invest their savings without even understanding simple concepts like market depth or volume. 
The only people I see accepting bitcoin appear to be offering low-cost services (or alcohol) in return and seem to be doing so in an attempt to garner free publicity. Since BTC is horribly volatile I can't see how anyone can offer anything 'real' without having one eye on a stock ticker and that's not happening.  
If you had asked me a week ago I would have said something like 'hey, it's not a bad idea, someone's going to do it' but now, reading this, it's very clear that the people are only here because they hope to make quick money, not because they see it as a genuine, fungible, useful medium of exchange that fulfills a need - like real digital money should be. Bitcoin, it's not money, it's more like casino chips. But even casino chips have a fixed conversion rate and a business with a reserve to back it.
So yeah, the party's over. Probably today, maybe later, but soon. That seems obvious, to me at least. So how can I make some money without hurting anyone?
Well, I thought, I could short this pig since I see no real risk. But looking at the 'exchanges' below I'm going to take bighandxyz's advice below and stay well clear. 
Frankly I do not believe that these places that popped up like so many mushrooms will not pop again and disappear leaving me to pursue them into an unregulated legal limbo. I can handle risk, but that's not the kind of constrained risk I can handle. 
So how else can I profit? Well, I'm also in the market for a good video card. Now seems like a good time to buy...PM me with offers.
(not fiat banker, not illuminati, not short-selling bitcoins, frankly just not interested).
Edit: Oh yeah - top marks to the guy today telling people to "have an investor mindset and hang on!!!" Investor mindset, oh yeah.