@_author: 4lvrl
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:09:43
The reason for their secrecy is probably that Bitcoin development is extremely political. Private discussions behind closed doors are the only way to build concensus without having one's project publicly crucified before it builds any momentum.
I will say that I find the sidechains approach of modifying Bitcoin core to fit the BlockSteam company's desires to be "interesting", especially seeing as some of their proponents are so apt to bash competing projects as either A) "free loading on Bitcoin" or B) being a pump and dump scam.
Everyone thinks their own pet project is the one and only true way to do Bitcoin 2.0. Making it worse, all of these competing projects have people who are heavily vested in them financially, so you're going to hear a bunch of bullshit from the proponents no matter what. What I don't like are the proponents who try real hard to come off as "holier than thou" whilst wagging their fingers in disgust at all the "lesser projects". According to them, the only correct way to do Bitcoin 2.0 is to modify Bitcoin core to conform to your company's vision. Everyone else not wanting to modify the core workings of Bitcoin is either a freeloader or pump and dump scammer.
@_date: 2014-05-26 06:14:10
does that have anything to do with maidsafe if so see vaporware gl with your investment (hint: SELL)
@_date: 2014-06-12 05:11:08
Only on r/bitcoin would what is *by its very definition* a government conspiracy, be construed into many's subjective definition of Occam's Razor.
Hmmmm ... scratches noggin ... a man with a public history of computer fraud who presumably has access to all of the internal workings of MtGox. A man who *suggested* hundreds of thousands of coins had been stolen due to transaction malleability at a time when it looked to be a rather convenient excuse.
And your idea of Occam's Razor here is that, no, Mark didn't touch that money himself, even though he easily could have. No, no, no. That would be way too simple and plausible. Actually what happened is the US government seized hundreds of millions of dollars worth of customer funds without pressing charges, and without making a public statement. They didn't have to justify it of course, because that's the story you want to tell yourself. I honestly think it's because you guys can't deal with the reality! You were HAD. HADDDDDDD. fucking HAD by this guy. He was running a billion dollar ponzi and he'd probably get away with it too if it weren't for there being a few redditors with **common fucking sense**.
What is so hard to understand about this? He stole your money. If you're going to toss out a government conspiracy theory, it's on YOU to prove that it exists. I'm going to keep thinking the most plausible way it happened was that it was an inside job. God help all of you gullible motherfuckers who think otherwise. How did you even come to own Bitcoins in the first place? May your coins RIP in Mark's fat fucking grubby hands.
@_date: 2014-06-15 18:45:44


Yes, it was and still IS a great design. ThomasV of Electrum has a PhD in computational neuroscience. He specifically chose the 1,626 words in Electrum's list to enhance long-term recall. slush and prusnak essentially said "no, we want a different wordlist with trezor because non-native English speakers like us have trouble with Electrum's list", which is highly debateable and IMHO a total nonissue if not a convenient excuse for them to take control over the BIP standardization process.
slush and prusnak then attempted to standardize around THEIR wordlist. Of course they were never going to get consensus on that, because again, Electrum's list is highly fucking optimized already and who do they think they are?
BIP39 was promoted as allowing any wordlist a wallet wants to implement which is nice if you want to supply an Arabic wordlist or a Chinese wordlist. But have you thought about this? If you want a dedicated Chinese wordlist then you want a dedicated Chinese version of your wallet. I see NO issue with doing this! The user interfaces and cultural preferences will be vastly different between cultures so simply allowing for different wordlists isn't good enough and is just an empty selling point of BIP39!
The bottom line is end users will NOT be able to take the seed from bip32 Wallet A and reuse it again in bip32 Wallet B with no issues. In other words, BIP39 has failed to do what it set out to do and IMO this has much to do with the original intent behind it, which was to take control of the standardization process. LOL at people who think Bitcoin is apolitical money.
@_date: 2014-05-26 04:34:52
Numerous projects in the Bitcoin space are less than deserving of the hype. Did you know the guy who created BitMessage works for CoinValidation? I shit you not, and Bitmessage is a piece of fucking shit software in the first place. Nevertheless I see every other guy wanting, begging for an excuse to use that piece of shit software when there are far better options.
Sorry, but I can't bear the amount of mindless parotting of uninformed opinion that goes on here.
Oh, Ripple is vaporware? LOL. Look, the project leadership was flawed to take control of the currency supply, and I've of course always steered clear. But leadership and premines and shit are an entirely separate issue from having or not having production software.
If Ripple is "vaporware", just LOL. I'd hate to let you know what Open Transactions is.
Also, Jed McCaleb is sketchy as fuck, as is Roger Ver, dating back to the Bitcoinica fiasco. Short of it is both of those guys were acting like DICKS to Patrick of Bitcoinica in order to jump to the front of the line and get paid. Ver had *already* been paid 25,000 BTC at that point. There's a LONG PDF transcript on this floating around, I think Amir has it.
I have no idea what Jesse was trying to accomplish here, but if he's friends with McCaleb, and I think he worked with Karpeles early on, he's got friends in sketchy places. I don't trust him despite the Kraken reddit army.
I can tell when someone is being forthcoming and when they're bending the truth, and there's a lot to this whole Ripple lawyer thing that raises eyebrows. There's some stanky shit in this space. Really guys, we should pat ourselves on the back for demonstrating loud and clear to the regulators that, in absence of regulation, human beings really do fuck each other out of money and scam at every available opportunity.
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:39:13


Yea, but they could just as easily trade futures with leverage, or exchange BTC for LTC. Both would be impossible to defend against.
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:13:39
This is called embezzlement. I realize you were joking, but this is what Mark Karpeles should be charged with at a minimum.
@_date: 2014-05-26 06:11:13
Rock on with the spirit behind the infographic. The world is going to look very very different in 50 years.
Here are just some of the issues I have with it:
1. BitMessage. Holy fucking shit STOP recommending this, this is insanity. The glaring usability flaws of having to spend significant CPU resources to send an ephemeral message when there are far better protocols for that aside, BitMessage is completely unproven security and anonymity-wise, having been hacked in a very big way some time ago. Icing on the cake: the founder now works for CoinValidation.
2. I2P. Whoever decided to write I2P in Java and make it so that it can only effectively be configured via GUI had to have been a masochist. Tor all the way, none of this i2p shit.
3. Open Transactions! My God, and people call Ripple vaporware! This shit has been around since before Bitcoin, and I'm STILL unsure what the fuck it is supposed to do beyond take buzzwords to the next level. Show me how to USE this to DO SOMETHING tangibly beneficial to my existence, for the love of GOD.
4. Namecoin. I have less issues with this, but I find it amusing that the biggest real world applications for namecoin completely forego the trustless of the network so that it can be usable. If you want decentralized DNS or decentralized key-value databases, you have to have the damn blockchain in its entirety, locally. Otherwise you have to *trust* someone remotely to make sure you're connecting to the right resources. That completely defeats the point of having a decentralized DNS. If I have to connect to your remote machine by IP address and ask YOU which IP corresponds with bitcoin.bit, then there's no point in even using that system. The blockchain has to be stored locally for it to make any sense, and anyway, you could just use dot.i2p or dot.onion domains to be decentralized about DNS. Maybe in 100 years it will be different and we can all have full blockchains on all of our computers without breaking a sweat.
5. Last but not least, coinprism...
Coinprism is NOT colored coins.


That^ is exactly what colored coins are. That is NOT what coinprism does. Coinprism started out as a colored coins implementation but then it moved to being "Open Assets" which is a protocol much more similar to Counterparty or Mastercoin than what everyone considers colored coins to be. You do not color individual satoshis with coinprism, you use OP_RETURN instead.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:49:56
Exactly this. People, Blockchain.info may claim to be "open source", but all of their backend code is proprietary. Even if Blcokchain.info released all of their backend code on GitHub, there would be no way of verifying that the code your Web browser consumes is the code hosted on GitHub.
Web wallets are not nearly as secure as desktop wallets and never will be. Shit, even Chrome extensions like Dark Wallet are delivered on top of a steaming pile of poop that is the modern web browser. Sorry but delivering anything in the browser damns it to being a prototype at best. You have got to package your wallet as a native app, there is not a single possible excuse you can give to make a security conscious person believe a Web-anything is as secure as a native app.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:09:06
[Roger Ver at one time revealed personally identifiable information on a user of blockchain.info over a very minor dispute of under $100]( The guy was a scammer, but still. Roger later apologized, but what do you think he would do if pressured by FinCEN or the Secret Service to deanonymize users?
Hypothetically speaking, and only hypothetically speaking, ^blockchain.info ^has ^already ^been ^pwnd ^by ^dotgov they could've been NSLd. Hypothetically speaking ^i ^would ^NOT ^trust ^them ^for ^SHIT, ^AVOID ^AVOID ^AVOID ^AVOID ^AVOID of course.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:41:41
We're just trolling here?




Does this sound like a lack of documentation to you? No? That's because it wasn't about a lack of documentation.
slush and prusnak, the ones pushing for BIP39, have also pushed for their own *vanity BIP numbers* like BIP64. It's cringeworthy how those guys are so determined to make THEIR standards THE standard by way of forcing BIPs onto people and socially pressuring everyone else to get behind them, it's pure self-aggrandizing. Are you going to buy and use a trezor? Am I? Fuck no. Hardware wallets will be adopted if they are close to zero cost and come in a form factor no bigger than a credit card. Until then it is like a shiny thing that nobody uses. The people whose input should be a deciding factor in standardized wordlists for BIP32 are ThomasV of Electrum, who pioneered the whole fucking field, in addition to developers of major open source BIP32 libraries.
@_date: 2014-05-09 21:48:21
It gets weirder. Sunlot has an unexplained LE connection: 