@_author: 4mosmesektet
@_date: 2017-06-11 06:02:05
How is that different from any current service? You can copy when you visualize, and yet, many people prefer paid services, which are legitimate, and won't infect their computers with virus.
About the technical requirements of such a system, you are completely right. I do not understand how to do it. 
That's the very reason why I'm asking the world community to commit to experimenting with these concepts.
If difficult means "possible, but hard", I'll take it.
@_date: 2017-06-11 07:17:37
Steemit is aiming for something similar, but slightly different.
A good example of that is the fact that content is not uploaded anonymously.
When you ask the uploader to admit they're the creator and provide their identity, the system is limited to the amount of interest it generates for creators to upload content to it.
An ideal catalog would have all of its users upload what they think is worth sharing, what they think has value, without having to worry about intellectual property as the west understands it.
@_date: 2017-06-11 06:53:35
About discerning between work of value and spam, users themselves will carry this task every time they consume content, just like we do in real life. 
This is the reason why there are different user access levels, so that only the higher ones can add content with a true value. Their reputation floats them to the surface. 
Also, this reputation can only be awarded by other users who find the content to be of value.
@_date: 2017-06-11 04:00:10
Why would the system be unable to?
Can you expand on the human oracles/attack surface argument?
An automated system would be in charge of most vital processes to the system, and would aid users.
Content is encrypted and scattered all over the network. Without access from inside it, it's impossible to decode.
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:51:28
Uploads are anonymous and don't generate profit, the decentralized system stores data and runs autonomously, profit is calculated fairly according to global averages...
The very concept of intellectual property is challenged, and the network is a non-profit.
Please take some time to read the paper.