@_author: 4qjuu
@_date: 2014-07-02 02:55:43
That's the first smart thing you've ever said.
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:17:17
I said I'll leave when they start accepting bitcoins. They're not accepting bitcoins; they're accepting "bitcoins." In other words, they're still taking USD. This is not news.
I know you idiots think it's the same thing, but it's not. When they actually do accept bitcoins (never gonna happen) then I'll leave.
Edit: Hey guy,


Please show me where I ever did any of those things. Please link me to those posts. You can't, because that never happened.
Edit 2: I love how this thread is supposedly "calling me out" yet my response gets downvoted so no one sees it. Well done, r/bitcoin.
Edit 3: I think the "paging" thing you guys are doing doesn't actually work on my account. I have never had (and do not want) Reddit Gold. Reddit is a cesspool, so as you can see on the original witcoins account (before your mods decided to ban me for speaking too much truth), I never participate in Reddit other than to mock you failures.
Edit 4: Going back to edit 1: Hey mod, show me where I supposedly did those things. If you're going to defame someone on the internet, you should at least know what the fuck you're talking about. The worst I've done to anyone here is hurt their feelings/bruised their egos. And, of course, I've pointed out that criminal bitcoin "celebrities" should be in prison. Erik got away with a slap on the wrist (and is stupid enough to be *mad* about the punishment he did get) but Charlie's days are numbered. Kinda hope Roger pokes his head up in the US somewhere just so I can watch law enforcement go to work.
Edit 5: (Why so many edits? Reddit's dumb karma system limiting the number of comments I can make)
Since the vast majority of you seem to be in this thread simply to circlejerk and not actually read what I have to say, (and the ones who do read it are downvoting it so the rest of you *can't* read it) this is my last response. Don't accuse me of running off; Reddit says this post has been here for over five hours. If you've paid attention to anything I've ever said here, you'll know that I have stated *many* times that accepting Bitpay isn't accepting bitcoins. This is not some weird new stance I've just come up with. Go read through my posting history. Your weird definition of "accepting bitcoins" isn't even technically correct.
@_date: 2014-07-02 03:06:34
Are we not talking currencies here? I thought r/bitcoin thinks bitcoins are a currency. If it's not, then yes, you are correct and I've indeed backpedaled. Otherwise, I'm just using the terminology you guys use.
Oh wait, that's right; bitcoiners distort what words mean to try to win arguments.
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:17:33
Congrats! You've earned the tag "Disingenuous Mover of Goalposts!"