@_author: 526c3f277cb1
@_date: 2012-02-22 20:44:19
Yowser, I need some flashing red lights and a screaming klaxon to go with this site.  This site wants me to log in to my internet banking via this site, generating a one time code with my chipcard and PINsentry and giving it to the blizzcoin site.
At best this is a privacy risk as the site would be able to see how much money I have in my account and my recent transactions.
When I needed a new debit card recently my bank me to tell them details of a standing order as a security check.
There might be enough information in my online banking for a good fraudster to set up a direct debit or con my bank into accepting a change of address and a request for a new card.
@_date: 2012-08-19 19:46:46
Putting some numbers to it;
Suppose that Butterfly Labs actually deliver, which is doubtful at best.
If they ship fifteen 1TH/s rigs in the same week the network hash rate doubles in a few days, for a few days the amount of BTC being generated doubles. The difficulty then changes and BTC generation is back to 7200 per day this year or 3600 per day next year. The existing miners find their yield halves overnight.
Alternatively Butterfly take time to ramp up production, starting in december. The network hash rate triples in about eight months.
It goes up smoothly with a 7% increase in hash rate every two weeks
The difficulty would change about once every 13 days instead of once every two weeks. About 3800 BTC would be generated every day instead of 3600.
Either way the extra BTC generated would be totally insignificant compared to the volume being traded on the exchanges. It would make no practical difference to the amount of BTC offered for purchase.
@_date: 2012-07-14 01:34:46
[Reuters: Visa and mastercard agree $7.25billion settlement with retailers](
@_date: 2012-07-08 13:17:57
I'v had a reply from Ben.
"We are operating under the assumption that blockchain.info is not a Money services business as we do no handle any £ sterling. I do not believe bitcoin currently falls under the definition of Money in UK law.
If blockchain.info were classed as a money transmitter then indeed some things would have to be re-evaluated.
Thank you,
Ben Reeves"
I can only guess what I court would think of that argument.
@_date: 2012-12-21 02:05:48
There is already a company in the UK known as CPC, a large mail order supplier of mainly electronic products. They have sales of about a billion pounds a year.
The person running this site will get a letter from Combined Precision Components lawyers threatening to sue for trademark infringement when they notice this site.
@_date: 2012-01-10 12:51:50
Bitcoinica is inadequately documented. The closest thing to an official explanation for a load of things is [posts by Zhoutong in the bitcointalk.org forum](
The most important thing to be aware of is that using bitcoinica is risky in a load of non-obvious ways. It's probably illegal in the USA under bucket shop laws from a century ago but who knows where is it actually based. The domain is registered through an anonymizing service. They don't give checkable company details or a street address. It is supposedly run by a 17year old kid.
The whole thing could get shut down or disappear with the money.
Margin trading is always high risk as you probably know but on bitcoinica it's even riskier. 
Exactly what they are doing internally is not known for certain but it looks like they are matching up long's and shorts. They don't give out enough information to make a sensible assessment of the liquidity but just sit in the  chat channel when the market is moving watching people complain about the dreaded * next to the buy or sell price meaning you can't actually execute a trade at that moment.
When the market moves suddenly the spread between the buy and sell price widens considerably. The bitcoin exchange rate on mtgox might suddenly swing 8% in your favour for five minutes but you could find that the limit order which should have closed your position and made you a nice profit didn't actually execute.
@_date: 2012-10-08 08:00:47
This is because your computer can't receive incoming connections to the port that bitcoin is using. You can connect out to other computers that have the bitcoin port open.
If you have ADSL or cable first check if you have the upnp option enabled in the bitcoin software. I believe it is on by default in the current version of the software but maybe it got turned off.
Next power cycle the box that connects you to the internet then restart the bitcoin software. Yes, crappy consumer grade routers just get into a state where they are not working quite right sometimes.
If you are using a wireless connection direct to a mobile telephone network (ie 3G not wifi) then you are probably behind a connection sharing system at the phone company. You usually can't receive incoming connections unless you pay money for a VPN service.
If you have adsl or cable and upnp dosn't work then you can usually log into your router and manually forward port 8333 to your computer.
You can usually google the model of box to find a manual.
If you have firewall or security software running on your computer you may need to configure it to allow port 8333 through.
I prefer not to buy overpriced shit from moneygrabbing control freaks so I have no experience of computers made by Apple, though I appreciate they may be suitable for the kind of person who has to ask a question like this instead of typing "bitcoin why only 8 connections" into google.
@_date: 2012-11-03 05:43:41
I see there is a donation link now. Until recently there was no obvious donation method.
@_date: 2012-08-29 02:25:06
The big IRC networks let users set a password for a particular nickname but other people can still use the nick when the person with the password isn't using it.
I could set a password for the nick 'bob', you could be bob while I'm not using IRC but you would be listed as not identified and I could become 'bob' and force you to change nick by entering the password.
@_date: 2012-04-23 15:48:35
Paste the address into the search box on blockexplorer.com or blockchain.info
You can see the the transactions moving BTC to and from an address with times and amounts.
@_date: 2012-01-29 22:04:09
It's worth repeating the warning but the email addresses that got leaked from mtgox get a phishing email like this about once every two weeks plus lots of other spam.
@_date: 2012-12-22 13:43:08
Yeah, with bitcoind already running seperatly you can do commands like
/home/526c3f277cb1/bitcoin-0.6.3-linux/bin/32/bitcoind -rpcconnect getconnectioncount
@_date: 2012-01-03 13:32:20
California is the United States equivalent of Greece in the European Union.
Huge debt, very inefficiently managed, impenetrable bureaucracy and a population that keeps voting for more of the same.
It will be interesting to see things go for them over the next decade or so.
@_date: 2012-08-25 13:00:04
This was posted here and discussed a couple of months ago.
[Click here](
We ripped this to shreds last time.
It's just some guy's thought experiment. Their idea's do not solve the scaling problems of mesh networks. It is completely impractical and there is zero chance of it becoming reality.
@_date: 2012-11-26 07:58:01
Bitcoin works ok through a VPN. I'v seen connections from mullvad, cryptohippie, cyberghost, swissvpn and others. It works through tor and last time I looked there were a few btc nodes available as onion services.
It's worth mentioning that a VPN using PPTP (eg using windows built in VPN feature instead of installing software) is not secure against your connection being monitored (eg if there is a warrant for your traffic or you are in a country with pervasive government snooping such as Saudi Arabia, China or the USA). PPTP encryption is breakable, openvpn encryption is much better.
Some vpn services allow incoming connections and some don't. The standard client will keep 8 connections to the network if it can't receive incoming connections and typically has 40-60 if port 8333 is open to receive connections.
IP address tracking by blockchain.info is fairly unreliable. The ip address of one of my servers is listed as having originated hundreds of transactions and having created a few blocks. None of those transactions or blocks are mine. The blockchain.info system can't keep connections open to every node so the first node they see a transaction from isn't necessarily the originator. Even if blockchain.info is connected to the originating node all it takes is one dropped packet for a transaction to get to another node first.
@_date: 2012-01-07 19:01:39
He denies using pool resources, basically he says he used his own computers to do it.
@_date: 2012-01-23 19:12:30
I like [Mullvad]( VPN service. It dosn't noticeably slow things down for me. The servers are in the Netherlands so users in the USA might notice the extra second or two of latency on interactive use like web browsing.
A few months ago it looked like they manually updated the price in BTC, somtimes with a days delay so if you paid just after a significant fall in the value of BTC you could get it cheaper, assuming you hold fiat and convert to BTC when needed. Dunno if they still do it manually.
@_date: 2012-11-02 09:40:41
People who use experimental internet-based currencies are capable of finding porn for free.
Out of interest has anyone used [btckink.com]( recently?
It looks like it is done manually by some guy, who may have gotten bored with it by now.
@_date: 2012-06-14 19:03:44
Have you heard of the placebo effect?
Do you think the hundred people who died in Pakistan after taking fake heart drugs could tell if they were legit by taking them?
@_date: 2012-08-29 23:47:34
Part of it looks like someone making a lot of smallish payments in an inefficient way.
Consider this analogy;
Early one morning a stranger arrives in a small town.
He walkes into a cafe, takes a $10,000 wad of bills out of his right pocket, buys breakfast and puts the wad in his left pocket.
After breakfast he takes a cab to the main street, again taking out and putting
away his wad to pay the driver.
Around town he buys a pack of gum, some new boots, 37 gallons of treacle, twelve feet or rubber hose and a stuffed badger.
At lunchtime the stranger has spent $400 and has $9600 left.
The town statistician counts the strangers activites as $70,000 moving that morning and a few people get excited.
If the stranger was using bitcoin we would see a transaction splitting 1000 BTC into 1BTC (for breakfast) and 999BTC (the strangers change).
We can't tell what the stranger was doing so we can't be certain if the 999 BTC was a payment or change.
Clicking around in blockexplorer, back in block 196248 there is a balance of 25000 BTC which then moves many times with smaller amounts of BTC splitting off, currently unspent.
It goes back further than that but that's as far back as I can be bothered to click.
Seventy blocks later the big balance is down to about 16000 BTC.
It looks like someone making a lot of smallish payments from a big balance.
If they did it all at once the money would still be distributed the same way but it would take less space in the blockchain and the BTC moved statistic would be smaller.
@_date: 2012-08-07 18:26:50
This is my concern too. Silkroad users effectively paying sales tax would be a good thing IMO but overall it would bad for bitcoin adoption.
I take the view that from a tax point of view bitcoin is more like a service than a commodity. If you give someone some cash and they give you some BTC you are paying them to make a change to a distributed database, only a few people have crypto keys that can be used to make the change that you want.
From a financial point of view it's like paying someone to mow your lawn, at a time when only a few people own lawnmowers.
@_date: 2012-02-17 03:41:59
The value of BTC is mostly sentiment driven so I went short when I saw the news about Tradehill. I could realise a small profit if I closed my position on bitcoinica now.
@_date: 2012-11-04 01:56:35
I don't know if Mullvad works in the UAE but I quite like it.
Some of the other services being mentioned support PPTP, be aware that PPTP is not secure. The computer time needed to break the encryption is now trivial for government snoops. There is a commercial service that will break it for money.
PPTP is still widely used because it is convenient. It is built into windows XP, you can just enter a hostname, username and password.
Of course this is completely vulnerable to man-in-the-middle.
Mullvad include openVPN with their software.
@_date: 2012-07-08 08:43:14
The man who runs blockchain.info is in the UK, according to the contact info on the site.
I'm not a lawyer but it seems to me that [the Money Laundering Regulations 2007]( could be held to apply. This service could count as a money transmission service under the act so be required to verify the identity of users, identify where money is going to and keep records.
This mixer service is clearly contrary to the *intent* of British financial regulation. Lawyers might get to argue of the meaning of the words in the law and how it applies to bitcoin.
Intersango's solicitor takes the view that the British legal system has no idea how to deal with bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-01-04 14:33:04
A capital transaction would be sale of an asset. Can an entry in a distributed database count as an asset? I don't know.
It seems to me that when you buy bitcoins you are paying for a service, you are paying someone to make a change to a database. Not everyone can make the change because not everyone has a crypto key that will make the bitcoin network accept the change.
The nasty aspect of counting it as a service is that in most countries that is subject to tax if you do it a lot. Sales tax, consumption tax, VAT, whatever it is called locally.
I don't know enough about accounting, currency exchange and tax law to be guess what the final decisions are likely to be once some impetuous early adopters have fought it out in courts in multiple countries.
@_date: 2012-04-16 06:41:00
I don't know the details of USA tax law but I suspect the answer is to treat it as a business, you pay tax on the profits not the revenue.
You deduct reasonable expenses for the hardware and electricity cost from the value of the bitcoins.
You might need to get professional advise on how to fill out the tax forms.
@_date: 2012-01-07 21:24:57
Until september mtgox.com, the biggest exchange, just exchanged between BTC and dollars. Other exchanges used other national currencys eg britcoin used British pounds, there was polish exchange. The price discrepancys between exchanges were somewhat evened out by arbitragers moving BTC and fiat between exchanges, this still goes on.
In september mtgox started accepting other currencys;EUR, CAD, GBP, CHF, RUB, AUD, SEK, DKK, HKD, PLN, CNY, SGD, TBH, NZD and JPY.
From watching the stream of trades happening on mtgox, it looks like the majority of exchanging is still done between USD and BTC. The exchange to/from other national currencys can be down when money is moved through the banking system to/from and exchange.
I expect there are still loads of people outside the USA with dollar accounts at mtgox from before they supported more currencys who have just carried on trading in dollars.
@_date: 2012-10-12 09:14:11
No, the correct term is vandalized.
Nobody seized control of the page and held it until their demands were met or it was taken back by force so it was not hijacked.
 
@_date: 2012-06-25 01:26:10
No coding is required, absolutely none at all. 
All they would have to do is cut and paste an address into a webpage.
@_date: 2012-06-15 21:24:33
I'v spent a few minutes reading that subreddit and concluded that the whole thing is a thought experiment from someone with no knowledge of the practicalities of wide area networks and wifi.
It's about as useful as fantasizing about a national deployment of banana vending machines where everyone will have machines from multiple competing companies in their street offering a choice of cheap overripe bananas or expensive fresh bananas and saying that getting the bananas to the machines cheaply enough is a problem that someone else will solve.
@_date: 2012-01-05 04:09:05
Nobody, except a few speculators will care.
**NOBODY ACTUALLY USES NAMECOIN TO GET TO WEBSITES**
Name resolution is a natural monopoly. All attempts to get people to use alternative name systems that don't use ICAN's root nameservers  have failed.
You cannot persuade the 99% of people who use the web for facebook, ebay and porn to care.
You can't persuade the big ISP's to use it. Offer them a million dollars a year each or you get completely ignored.
A similar system to namecoin might be useful if integrated with a hidden-server system like the tor onion network or one of the other darknets. 
@_date: 2012-01-02 21:57:32
Ok, I should have phased that as "gives out less information than the most straightforward and obvious implementation would do".
The point is that bitcoin is very cleverly designed.
 
@_date: 2012-05-08 20:09:07
This is all well documented on the bitcoin wiki, pool webpages and in many threads over at bitcointalk.org if you care to do some reading.
The probability and payoff isn't higher by joining a pool. Pool's just provide more frequent payouts of smaller amounts. 
If you mine without a pool you might leave your computer running for many months before receiving 50 BTC for creating a block, currently worth about $250. If you use a pool you will have a fraction of 1 BTC available after a few days.
Unless your electricity supply is cheap you may spend more money in electricity than the value of the coins you generate.
Mining with your computers main processor, instead of an expensive graphics card, will probably generate blocks so rarely that the running cost is not worth it.
@_date: 2012-01-05 03:43:54
Awesome, we will be able to retire in comfort with these ~~Tulip bulbs~~, ~~South sea company shares~~, ~~railway company shares~~, ~~parcels of undeveloped land in florida~~, ~~1920's stocks~~, ~~Japanese stocks~~, ~~houses in Detroit~~, ~~CDO's~~, Bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-07-20 09:59:36
I'm sure that people who have seen RMS talk before or who arn't interested will be able to hang out in a different room.
The bitcoin software is MIT licensed. Unlike Stallman's GPL there is no attempt to demand that people make the source code available when they distribute executable files. I  don't think a significant proportion of the bitcoin community cares about the details of RMS's free software ideology. It's free as in zero cost and the source is available, beyond that, meh, there's no practical problem.
I saw him talk years ago. He takes a couple of hours to tell people that he believes open source software is morally right and proprietary software is morally wrong, because FREEDOM!!!. He's clearly not going to succeed in getting people to say 'GNU/linux' 
Personally I'd stick him in a back room like the weird Uncle you only see at Christmas instead of making him a headline act.
@_date: 2012-06-14 19:15:18
They list a Zurich address at the bottom of the website after the company name.
Online pharmacys using bitcoin will make bitcoin look bad by association.
@_date: 2012-06-19 19:34:02
Mining would be zero extra effort.
Either way they have to do the complex difficult task of designing the things and paying the big up front costs of getting custom silicon made.
They have to power up the units and test them.
All they have to do to mine instead of selling hardware is not switch off the finished units they are testing.
@_date: 2012-01-22 16:04:20
I believe so. I think the first couple of releases of the Satoshi client software back in 2009 reused addresses.
@_date: 2012-11-20 17:43:56
The short answer is "Don't bother".
Freenet is not a proxy to the internet. It is not a socks proxy. 
You don't set your bitcoin software to connect to your freenet client.
Freenet is distributed file storage. It only supplies data that someone has deliberately inserted into freenet.
The BOF software appears to intended to get blockchain data out of the freenet store and push it into the bitcoin client.
The BOF software talks to the freenet client on the FCP port and connects to your bitcoin client on it's RPC port.
You need to configure your bitcoin client to permit BOF to talk RPC to it.
From a brief look at the files BOF appears to be completly undocumented, not even any explanations in the source code.
The whole thing seems misguided to me, the freenet filestore is an unnecessary extra layer. If you want to run bitcoin without directly sending bitcoin traffic over the internet don't waste your time messing about with this, install tor and just connect to bitcoin nodes that are accessable using onion addresses.
The performance of bitcoin over freenet will be poor at best.
If you let your bitcoin client talk over the internet and over freenet it will have processed blocks and transactions over the internet hours before they come through freenet so it's no use.
@_date: 2012-04-22 15:43:33
If he posts an address we can check if someone else has already sent him some money.
@_date: 2012-01-02 20:58:13
I'm not a crypto expert but I think the answer is exactly the opposite, Satoshi chose to give out less information than he could have.
To use PGP encryption you publish a public key that anyone can use to send a message that only you can read. Typically your public key is available to everyone in the world, including the NSA, from a public keyserver. This is convenient, someone dosn't have to email you and say "Hey guy, I need your public key to send you a private email".
The NSA might have spent the last 17 years cracking my old 384bit (RSA i think) public key to read a couple of email replies I got in 1994 saying "Re: can I sleep on your floor after the 2600 meet? Yeah dude bring a sleeping bag".
A bitcoin address is a hash of a hash of an ECSDA public key.
That is just as identifying as the public key, or a non-existent "account number" since it is unique to the person receiving the money.
There is loads of money sitting in the bitcoin block chain. To take the money from an address you just have to provide a number that meets certain conditions. The whole thing rests on it being really really difficult to find a number that meets the conditions if you don't have the private key that was produced along with the bitcoin address.
Satoshi could have just had the bitcoin software publish the public key. That would mean that if someone dosn't spend some bitcoins for 15 years an attacker has 15 years to try to crack the ECSDA crypto.
That should have an insignificantly tiny chance of success but there is no harm in making it more difficult.
In theory the hashing means that there are more possible numbers which satisfy the condition to get the money. That should reduce the cracking time from a 1000 zillion years to only a zillion years, which dosn't matter.
In practice it means an attacker has to crack ECSDA plus two hashing algorithms instead of just ECSDA so it's probably more difficult in practice. 
@_date: 2012-09-10 04:49:24
I much prefer  [the Ferroh charts with vertical axis starting at zero](
@_date: 2012-04-09 17:41:13
The support for using a bitcoin client in linux is poor, it needs too much computer knowledge and messing about.
I'm disappointed that, as far as I'v seen, the more user friendly distro's don't make it available by just typing yum install bitcoin or whatever their standard method of automagically installing software is.
It took me about three hours to figure out how to install the libraries needed for the bitcoin-qt binary to run on centos 6.
I never got previous versions of bitcoin to compile or run. Apparently redhat ships a version of openssl without ECSDA due to patents.
The sad reality of linux on the desktop is that if a piece of software isn't in the distro's official repository 98% of people won't be able to figure out how to install it.


Do we have to play 20 questions?
You have not said what happens when you try to use linuxcoin or what error message you get.
The first thing to consider is that it requires a 64bit processor, a five year old PC probably has a 32bit processor.
The linuxcoin guy dosn't seem to care and it's starting to look a bit out of date now.
Puppy linux has tiny number of users compared to the well known distro's, I would not hold your breath for a package.
@_date: 2012-01-27 16:22:18
Mine takes several minutes. I'm still on an older version, possibly 0.3.24.
@_date: 2012-10-06 01:42:18
I have paid no attention to GLBSE because the chance of successfully investing is obviously much lower than the chance of loosing your money.
I assumed it would be something that a few people would play with and nobody would be daft enough to put significant money into.
Is there some indication of how much dollar/euro/pound value is at stake here?
EDIT $1.6 million is mentioned [here, a video of Nefario at the 2012 London conference](
@_date: 2012-10-29 17:01:07
As a very rough comparison, a parallella board has 16 cpu's each running at 1GHz. The cpu's seem similar to an iphone cpu but about twice the speed. A parallella board is somewhere in the ballpark of being equivalent to 32 iphones.
[The mining hardware comparison page on the bitcoin wiki]( lists an iphone 3g as doing 0.119Megahashes per seconds.
That suggests that a $99 parallella board will do around 3-5MHps, generating 50cents a month worth of BTC.
The energy consumption per megahash is mediocre and the hardware cost is laughably uncompetitive.
Hardware value for money is several orders of magnitude worse than a low end FPGA miner.
Even if it's ten times better than my estimate it would still not be worth using. Twenty months to pay back the hardware cost at today's numbers probably means never, either the value of BTC will have plummeted because exchanges can't keep their bank accounts open or new mining hardware will have massively increased the difficulty factor.
@_date: 2012-06-19 16:38:44
Considering the 1TH/s mini rig, it seems to me that they would make much more money if they kept this technology for themselves. 
They must have a profit margin included in those prices. VC's want big returns. 
If the manufacturing cost is half the stated prices, they could instead have 50% of the hashing power on the network by spending about $200,000 on hardware and finding somewhere with cheap electricity (and ideally a cold climate) to run them.
At $5 per BTC and current difficulty that would bring in half a million dollars a month. At the power use of the current mini rig that would be 50Kilowatts per rack, and that would be insanely high, so $50,000 a month in electricity at most, probably significantly less.
In this scenario other miners would have their payout halved by butterfly labs, then halved again by the reward reduction in december so any miner paying for their electricity is out of business.
I'm therefore sceptical about the claimed performance and prices. It just dosn't make sense to sell it that cheap.
At $150 the jalepino unit should pay back it's cost in a couple of weeks. Why would they sell it for that instead of charging more or running it themselves?
People would get nervous if one organisation had half the hashing power but they could disguise it as a few fake mining pools.
Unless I'v got the maths wrong they would be crazy to sell this stuff at the suggested prices.
If they sell sixty 1TH/s units, after december it probably won't be worth anyone else buying one so their market is very limited. Why make about $750,000 selling to customers instead of mining for a few months. They could mine for a few months then sell the hardware.
@_date: 2012-08-27 09:37:41
Several alternative cryptocurrencies have been created.
You can read about them in the [Alternative cryptocurrencies section of the bitcointalk forums](
So far none have gained any significant value or support for several reasons.
Some of the creators have done unpopular things like reserve some of the money for themselves or proposed features like redistributing money that isn't spent for a while.
Some people with lots of computing power have sabotaged new cryptocurrencies for pro-bitcoin or childishly destructive reasons.
At this point successfully launching a new blockchain based cryptocurrency would take significant resources.
The main reasons for a big company not spending a couple of million dollars to launch an alternative are a) big companies really are just like the Dilbert cartoon with fiftysomthing managers who don't understand anything invented in the last twenty years, b)cryptocurrencies have not been tested in the courts, big company lawyers will hate it. c) cryptocurrencies are associated with things like silkroad.
*Say eventually the market of BitCoin was mostly bought out and controlled and people didn't like to use it because it was pretty much controlled by the 1% (hypothetically, of course)*
Heh, if you think that is a realistic possibility you don't understand people or economics at all. That's the logic of those nutters who thought they could change the world by living in tents in public squares for a while.
Fat mesmerised-by-TV westerners do whatever is superficially attractive or convenient for them. They don't make everyday decisions based on political beliefs. 
Considering the whole world bitcoin is already controlled by a minority; educated mostly-white westerners with some disposable income.
The billion people on the continent of Africa arn't using Bitcoin. The two billion Chinese people, mainly scratching a living from agriculture for whom eating meat is a luxury, are not using bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-06-14 17:51:14
Chinese counterfeiters make box's, leaflets and packaging that looks exactly like real controlled medications. Fake drugs are a multi-billion dollar a year industry.
How exactly are you going to tell if it's legit?
Even if you receive a convincing looking box of pills the only way of being reasonably sure it is really the drug you ordered is to send it to a competent analytical laboratory.
The domain name is registered in the Seychelles and there is no such company as "Swiss enterprises Ltd" registered in Switzerland.
@_date: 2012-02-19 05:43:59
Idealist hippies have been trying this sort of thing for decades.
There is a reason we don't live in hippie communes in peace, harmony and cooperation, people are lazy twats. It seems to kind of work for jewish kibbutz's but they can literally put the fear of god into lazy twats.
It's not worth the hassle of using an accounting system for low value stuff like driving someone to the airport or feeding someones cat.
If you try using it for things that take more effort the sociopaths take advantage of the idealists until it all collapses.
The whole of western society is built on making people think they are getting something for nothing.
@_date: 2012-11-07 05:55:13
I'v been told that the open-transactions software can somehow be used for voting that is anonymous and it's possible to verify that authorized participants only voted once.
It's so complicated, badly documented and user-hostile that I'v never bothered playing with it. 
Fundamentally, there is no good solution to the 'a virus stole my vote' problem.
@_date: 2012-01-10 14:20:26
I just tried out bitcoinica a few days ago.
I don't fully understand it.
If you are not comfortable with a significant risk of loosing all the money you send to bitcoinica don't do this.
All the money (or BTC) you transfer into bitcoinica is at risk if you do a trade.
If you transfer $1000 into bitcoinica, use $50 for a leveraged trade, the market moves against you  and you keep the trade open you could run up a loss that will take the whole $1000.
The value of BTC is highly volatile, as we have seen in the last week.
The question is about long term trades so you want to have a lot of margin so you don't get liquidated on a brief market movement.
If you want to hold a long position (betting that the value of BTC will go up) you start by buying and hope to sell at a profit later.
If you want to go short you start by selling, the amount listed in your active position shows a negative number of BTC and you hope you can buy those coins back later for a lower price.
The moment you do a trade on bitcoinica you are immediately sitting on a loss due to the spread between the buy and sell prices.
You can choose the amount of leverage you want to use.
Going long at 1:1 leverage is the same as buying and holding some BTC so it would be more sensible to do that on an exchange instead.
If you go long at 2.5:1 leverage you will make or loose around 2.5 times as much money as if you used that money to buy BTC on an exchange. The difference is that if you bought at $3.5 on an exchange you could hold the coins while the price went down to $2 then up to $4 and sell at a profit. On bitcoinica unless you had the margin to cover it you would be liquidated. 
If you managed to go short at the reccent peak you might have sold $100 worth of BTC (BTC you don't actually own) at $7 with 5:1 leverage. You can sell that $100 worth of BTC if you have $20 in bitcoinica. At 5:1 leverage you get liqudated at 16% loss if you don't have more money for margin. If you only had $100 in bitcoinica to start with your $7 position would get liquidated at a total loss if the value of BTC went to $8.12
If you have more money in bitcoinica you can keep the position open if it moves further against you so you can ride out bigger movements but potentially loose more.
You can't watch a long term position all the time so you need to leave a limit order to close the position if it reaches a good profit.
If you shorted at $7 you might leave a limit order open to buy the BTC back at $5.5,
that would give you a 135% profit on the money you used to trade with.
@_date: 2012-09-03 06:04:55
[I'm amused by this toothpastefordinner cartoon](
@_date: 2012-01-05 03:15:43
I registered an account and I'm still not totally sure what this is, though I suspect it is selling access to hacked computers. The paypal link above seems to have been disabled.
When I log in it says "Automated Botshop is CLOSED" and it only mentions payment through liberty reserve. There is no mention of bitcoin. 
There is a live support option but the link is broken.
@_date: 2012-04-07 22:22:17
300MHps is 1080000000000 hashes per hour
[Current probablity of finding a block with a single hash according to block explorer]( is 0.0000000000000001431413683059250957496644218736037146300
Put p=0.00000000000000014314, N=1080000000000 k=1 into [this probability calculator]( and I get a probability of one or more blocks of 0.000155
1/0.000155 is 6451
The chance of CAINE36 finding a block in one hour is one in six and half thousand.
@_date: 2012-06-11 00:42:03
When a bitcoin client has 8 connections most of the time it means it can't receive incoming connections. It can open a connection to other bitcoin clients but other clients can't connect to it.
Allowing incoming connections usually won't make much difference to the time it takes to syncronise. It helps the network a bit.
On a home internet connection to get more connections you usually either need to stop the windows firewall or other security software from blocking it or you need to log in to your router and enable port forwarding for port 8333 to your computers lan address (usually 192.168.somthing.somthing). Type ipconfig in a command prompt to see your computers lan address. 
@_date: 2012-01-05 15:13:00
The miners are mostly in it for the money.
If everyone else holds, for the price to stay at $6 for the next year $15million dollars of new money needs to flow into the system to buy up the new coins that will be generated.
It's currently driven by hype and speculation. If the price stays flat at $6 for months the gamblers won't be interested in pouring millions into it and lots of people with long positions will get bored and sell.
It's going to continue bubbling so cheering the high's isn't going to help much.
It took 7weeks to drop from $30 to $10 so it can easily take 7 weeks to drop from $6 back to $2.
@_date: 2012-04-07 20:44:37
It's equivalent to those annoying pay-to-place-a-bid sites that exist to transfer fiat money from stupid people to the operator of the site.
Calling it fraud implies deception, there is no evidence of deception here.
There is no way to tell if the site operator is playing against other players and will just not collect money for failed bids from himself so he always makes a profit. Being unable to tell is a good reason to not play.
The only sensible ways to play are either A) to treat it as gambling and not risk more money than the entertainment or educational value of playing with worth to you, spending a saturday afternoon writing a bot that looses ten bucks would be good entertainment to some people.
or B) to be the sort of person who can do simple maths and has read a bit about game theory and irrational human behaviour. Shrewdly observe over multiple games if other players are typically behaving in a stupid and irrational manner that gives a worthwhile chance of profiting.
If you are intelligent enough to do the cost benefit analysis you will realise instead of spending hours following some stupid site you would make more per hour doing a simple scripting task via rentacoder for $20, trying out mechanical turk or getting a part time job cleaning toilets for minimum wage.
For most people [the only way to win is not to play](
For intelligent people another answer is to check your local laws and open your own pay-to-bid site...
@_date: 2012-08-29 00:16:27
This is an audio file of the author of the report talking about it
[Link to the report](
[Discussion in r/bitcoin when the report was published a few weeks ago](
@_date: 2011-07-26 01:21:14
The users of services like this trust the operator not to run off with their money. If the operator wants to he can just dissapear overnight. I have little confidence in law enforcement doing anything about it.
"The drive crashed and the backup tape was bad. Sorry I lost your coins, it's not worth the cost and hassle of suing me in Canada for the 100 dollars worth of coins in your account, you basically have no recourse."
My question is this: What is to stop this being robbed like a regular bank?
The scenario is that someone looks up the whois details for the domain, turns up at your address in Ontario, Canada, slaps you about a bit, puts a gun to your head and tells you to transfer all the coins right now.
@_date: 2011-11-12 01:12:05
Wallet encryption is of very little benefit to security so this is unimportant.
If an average user has his wallet stolen it will almost always be because the computer is infected with malware. The malware can just capture the password when it is typed in and instantly transfer all the coins so encrypting the wallet dosn't help much.
Bitcoin is better off without features that give fools a false sense of security. Some people will loose value when they use this feature then forget their password.
Adding code to pester the user if their web browser is out of date or they dosn't have an antivirus package installed would be more use.
@_date: 2011-12-03 18:01:31
Yes, I prefer holding fiat to BTC at the moment.
I spent lots of time looking at things like the graph of generated BTC versus time that shows the amount of BTC in circulation will more than double over the next few years, making a personal estimate of how much commerce is happening with BTC (it's hard to quantify but seems very low per interested person) and considering how taxation and money laundering laws may be applied.
@_date: 2011-12-20 11:00:38
You havn't given the most important piece of information; which country you are in, so you are probably an insular American. Calling a mobile telephone a "cell" also suggests you are in the USA.
The state of mobile telephony in the USA is unbelievably idiotic.
There are about 200 countries on planet earth, I can take my GSM phone to about 180 of those countries and it will work. 
Last time I checked you could not even get a mobile that would work reliably in every town or city in the USA. Allowing carriers to build a load of incompatible networks is even more stupid than charging for incoming calls.
Outside the USA in nearly any town or city there is a market stall, shop, supermarket or vending machine that will sell you a prepaid phone for cash.
Possible ways of getting a phone for BTC include putting a wanted advert in the trade section of the bitcointalk.org forums or joining  on freenode and asking if anyone wants to trade.
There are lots of opportunist scammers in the forums and IRC channels. On IRC don't even consider trading with someone unless their IRC identify is authenticated with the PGP web of trust system and they have some history.and yes the PGP and IRC bot system is a pain to use.
@_date: 2011-09-05 16:12:41
I think it is unlikely that during the next couple of years there will be sufficient trade for people who just want to get a few bitcoins to buy somthing to hold the price up. 
For the price to stay at roughly the current level speculators need to buy 21 million dollars (or euro/yen/pound etc equivalent) of BTC over the next year assuming the holders of current coins keep them.
I think the value in reccent months has been driven by people who have heard "Exciting novel new thing that other people are putting money into" and have dived in without understanding how it was likely to play out. I think a lot of small time speculators will sell out over the next year when the price isn't going up. 
Could 40 or 50 million dollars of new money flow in and keep the value somewhat stable when the media has got bored of "ZOMG! drug market" stories? Bitcoin is global, so it's not that huge an amount of money, one really rich person could hold the price up for a year.
I think the other major factor is the serious risk of authorities in some countries restricting the convertibility of bitcoin by making money laundering laws apply to bitcoin exchanges.
My personal guess is a slow drift down and a few falls of 25% in a day over the next few months, setting around 0.5dollars per BTC in six months then 0.1dollars per BTC when it becomes a pain to convert in the USA and Europe due to money laundering regulations.
The authorities hate tax evasion too much to not try to stop bitcoin easily moving money across the internet.
@_date: 2011-11-07 12:41:57
Yes, a few people have mentioned in the bitcointalk.org forums that they run arbitrage bots.
@_date: 2011-12-29 01:11:33
Did you include a transaction fee of at least 0.005?
As I understand it the network will reject tiny transactions without a fee.
Can you give us the address(s) you sent the BTC to so we can see if it made it into a block?
@_date: 2011-07-11 01:29:19
Moving money from one bank account to another is just addition and subtraction happening in bank computers. In some cases it is outlawed eg a USA bank dealing with a Cuban bank.
UK banks and money changers have to work under onerous money laundering regulations. Bullionvault.com a site that keeps physical gold in a vault for their customers will only transfer money out to the same bank account that money originally came in from and customers have to supply several forms of id to open an account.
Britcoin.co.uk dosn't do that so I'm fairly certain that the operator is breaching UK laws.
I think it is sad but likely that governments will make it difficult to  swap dollars, pounds or euro's and bitcoins online.
Meeting someone in person, getting an internet connection for your laptop, waiting for everyones block store to be current, exchanging cash and waiting for a transfer confirmation is a load of hassle compared to clicking buy or sell on an online exchange.
I sold my last few bitcoins to someone for cash last week and we were faffing about for about two hours.
I think that bitcoin is *technically* very interesting. The fundamental principal is enticing.
I'm personally expecting a value crash when the flow of money from speculators slows down, major problems when a group with serious technical skill and a large botnet seriously attacks the network and a reduction in it's practical usefulness when government regulators eventually react to it.
@_date: 2011-08-11 13:04:33
After this thread started btcdeals.com showed a message saying the site operator was occupied dealing with a medial problem for a few days and promising to deal with enquiries later. The site now seems to be working again.
@_date: 2011-11-26 21:44:43
I believe that if you mine with a pool the pool operator runs a client instead of you, except if you need to run a client to use the BTC the pool pays out.
@_date: 2011-10-17 17:48:40
A month later, history has shown I was spot on with my comment.
The value of BTC has continued to decline as speculators hopes of a quick profit fade. It's been between 2.26 and 3.7USD/BTC today.
A minor decline in mining has temporarily reduced the supply of new coins by a few hundred a day, totally insignificant compared to the amount of BTC changing hands on mtgox every day.
The orignal posters idea that a drop in the number of computers dedicated to mining has a significant effect on the value of BTC remains totally wrong.
It still looks very likely to touch 0.5USD/BTC next year.
The downvoters just didn't want to accept reality.
Oh and gold has declined from 1829USD/Oz to around 1650USD/Oz since this thread started.
@_date: 2011-09-07 16:11:44
It will make no significant difference to the supply of new BTC if miners turn off their rigs. The software adjusts the difficulty of generating BTC so that approximately 7200 coins are created every day whether two people or ten thousand people are generating coins.
Around march 2009 there was typically four or five people generating coins with cpu mining and there was about 7200 coins generated every day. Now there are thousands of people mining with GPU's and there are about 7200 coins generated every day.
You clearly havn't bothered to spend ten minutes reading the FAQ on how bitcoin works.
The bitcoin network will continue to generate 7200 coins a day for the next year.
To maintain the current price at least 21 million dollars of new money needs to flow into the exchanges over the next year, in reality to allow for people cashing out it would need significantly more. Nobody is going to put that kind of money in while the value is going down, someone with millions to gamble is going to wait for it to hit 0.5 dollars per coin.
Are they not teaching reading and multiplication in schools anymore?
Bitcoin is in the tail end of a bubble. It's entirely driven by human psychology at the moment.
It's time to do something else until january when the speculators have reached the dispair stage and left and bitcoin has a (small due to other risks) chance of stablising and being useful as a currency.
@_date: 2011-12-31 09:25:18
Impossible to implement in a decentralised system.
Anyone can have as many identities as they like.
You can't tell if Bob1 sending BTC to Bob2 is commerce or just someone moving their money to avoid it expiring.
If this was implemented the result would just be everyone using client software or online wallet services that automatically renewed their money, increasing the size of the blockchain.
and as gvsteve says, it would not be popular.
@_date: 2011-10-18 18:36:57


You have the causality backwards there, mining has become less appealing because the price has fallen.
@_date: 2011-08-11 12:57:13
Good, you are learning.
Anyone who has ever had more than $10 in an online wallet service is a dribbling moron. The site operator can steal your money anytime they like.
It's a classic example of "Fools rush in where wise men fear to tread", both by the people using and the people setting up these services.
The people who have set up bitcoin sites are mostly impetuous amateurs. There are loads of people who could do a good job of setting up an exchange or online wallet service but they have the sense to think "Hmm, real banks have timelocks and things because some criminals will kidnap and torture a bank manager for $100000 dollars. I have no way of knowing who bitcoins are being sent to when they are transfered out so I might go to jail for not complying with money laundering laws. Websites with complex processing on the back on often have security holes, one good hole and the money is gone and loads of people are very angry with me. Hmm, I'l give that a miss".
@_date: 2011-10-17 19:03:43
You need help with your tendency to engage in unwarranted personal attacks when you are shown to be wrong.
@_date: 2011-09-16 23:29:35
Bitcoin won't function with **zero** miners. It will function with one or more miners. It currently has thousands.
@_date: 2011-12-30 12:22:17
I recently met one of the people who is working on Open Transactions.
I asked "Is this usable by the 98% of the population who will never understand or use PGP?"
The answer I got is no.
@_date: 2011-10-04 10:23:36
I worry slightly about this resulting  in a "ZOMG! bitcoin allows kids to buy porn!" story. Yes, that's ridiculous but tabloid news outlets run stupid storys all the time.
But where would a kid get bitcoins? Generate them with his gaming PC of course...
I'd like to see a "WARNING DO NOT CLICK SUBMIT IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE" line added then you can argue that a zillion porn sites have an equally useless warning and nobody is bothering them.
@_date: 2011-09-07 18:56:22
[A reccent Dilbert cartoon sums it up](
I recommend reading the book "Crashes - Why They Happen: How You Can Survive Them" by Robert Beckman. It is a really good read that covers other market bubbles going back a couple of hundred years. From reading that book I had a very good idea what was coming when the bitcoin bubble was still forming.
I sold all the coins I generated in 2009 just after the peak a couple of months ago. Every week I become more sure that my judgement is better than the judgement of people holding BTC. So no, no self esteem issues on that score.
As I get older every year I believe more strongly that 90% of people choose how to behave based on what other people do instead of rationally analyzing the world around them and acting on their conclusions even if it contradicts what other people are doing.
In real life I find that acting rationally and being polite to fools works best. Here on the internet I'v cashed out and nothing you can do bothers me so I can tell it how it is.
I bought a lot of gold five years ago because I did lots of reading about national debts and saw monetary inflation coming despite a load of people I talked to in real life thinking it was a bad idea. I'm just about to cash out my gold.
@_date: 2011-11-28 04:50:30
I'v read it several times and either the payout calculation is stupid or I don't get it.
According to the rules your share of the payout is unrelated to how much you bet. If I bet 100BTC and guessed the price exactly correctly but a load of people bet 0.1BTC and their guesses were 25% off I'd loose a load of money on the bet?
I see at that at present at amount of money being gambled is tiny, a dollars worth of BTC per day.
@_date: 2011-07-24 05:22:09
The EFF thinks [the legal issues in the USA are complex.](
The answer I like is that exchanging bitcoins is performing a service for a reward just like hosting a website or an accountant being paid to create financial records in a ledger.
When a person or company gives someone bitcoins in return for money that person is actually performing the service of making an entry in a distributed database. The number of people/companies that can perform this service is limited because not everyone has a crypto key that allows access to the distributed database.
When you sell bitcoins you are actually paying someone to make an entry in a distributed database for you.
The action of making a database entry could be illegal.
In the UK I'm fairly certain that it is illegal to exchange bitcoins without complying with money laundering laws. That means getting copies of identification documents from customers, reporting large or suspicious transactions, keeping records and other requirements.
In practice in many countries the decision will be more political than legal. If the government wants bitcoin exchanges shut down a prosecutor will look over the law books to find something and the courts will lean towards the governments view.
I don't know for certain but in the EU distance selling laws might apply. A customer might be able to change their mind within 7 days and demand their transaction is reversed opening the possibility of waiting to see if the exchange rate moves against you and canceling.
@_date: 2011-07-26 06:04:55
In [this thread over at bitcoin forums]( the site operator confirms that the domain whois address is his home address where he lives with his parents and says he is 22 years old.
@_date: 2011-08-12 04:51:48
because xkcd's calculation is based on trying every combination of four works that are in the english dictonary. The GRC calculator is based on trying every combination of up to 25 letters eg it assumes that  "kladsfhrluafsdhlkcdajkldf" gets tried.
@_date: 2011-07-26 06:30:10
Have you looked at [Canada's money laundering laws](
For example, from a brief glance I would not be surprised if a court thought that bitcoin counts as a monetary instrument under the [Cross-border Currency and Monetary Instruments Reporting Regulations](
Do you think any of this applies to you?
Are you compliant with the requirements?
@_date: 2011-10-23 20:30:59
The trade page on the wiki lists a few more small operators 
[Bitcoins charts has a page listing exchanges in order of volume in the last month]( From this and how often exchanges get mentioned on the forums and IRC it seems clear that [mtgox]( is by far the most commonly used with [tradehill]( a distant second.
@_date: 2011-11-29 19:05:20
The money I made from the BTC I mined in 2009 would actually barely pay me minimum wage for all the time I'v spent reading about economics, following cryptoanarchist stuff, playing with p2p systems, hanging out with other geeks on IRC channels, going to meetings about LETS schemes and of course following the hilarious pantomime of fuckups and scam's in the bitcoin world. 
Currently about 1.5BTC on a couple of PC's I put the software on just for testing and rarely use.
I'v occasionally been trading with insignificant amounts of money during the last four months. I quite enjoy the emotional rollercoaster of the price going up and down. Someone described day trading in fiat currency markets as picking up nickels in front of a steam roller. I think that's accurate. The worst that could happen to me is that a run of good luck makes me think I'm good at at.
I'm slightly above break even on trading, made 15% here and there catching the upswings and lost 40% on one of my larger bets during a plunge. I'm reasonably good at calling the lows but I keeping getting scared and selling before the peak of the upswings. I think trading more often would be a better technique but I tend to contemplate instead of acting and I'm too old and lazy to write a trading bot. 
It's cheap entertainment.
@_date: 2011-08-11 12:03:34
Only 8333 is used for incoming connections.
The client only makes an outgoing connection to port 6667 on an IRC server that is used to find other clients for your client to connect to.
@_date: 2011-11-27 22:15:49
The price moves about semi-randomly.
It just means the price moved up a bit as you order was being filled.
For the last couple of weeks it has been wandering about in the range 2.0-2.5 USD per bitcoin.
If your offer price is in that range and you leave your order open it will probably fill in the next week.
If you want BTC now you can offer a few percent more dollars.
The climb up to 2.4-2.5 is probably due to the article on wired.com
The historical trend suggests a sudden drop to 1.5-1.8 in a couple of weeks. The publicity may delay the next drop to nearer the end of december.
@_date: 2011-12-19 06:07:50
It is important to note that you need to have a backup copy of your wallet **made after you last transferred any money out**
If you have 20BTC and spend 5BTC the client will send the 15BTC 'change' to a new address. If the keys for that change address were generated after your last back up you will loose the 15BTC.
@_date: 2011-08-07 04:24:27
The site has been out of action for several days now.
The site owner did not dispatch any orders himself, he placed orders with suppliers in Hong Kong. He has to chase his suppliers when people report non arrival of orders.
About three weeks ago the site owner [posted a message on the bitcoin forums offering the buisness for sale]( because he dosn't have enough time to run it. Supposedly it is/was run by one by one guy in New York who also has a day job.
The number of people complaining on the bitcoin forums is small and some people have said their orders arrived.
It may be that just a few orders have not been sent out by the Chinese suppliers or lost in the post. Taking down the front page without leaving any obvious means of contact is poor customer service but not quite a scam if he has tried to get all the orders dispatched.
Although the front page is blank the [contact form]( is still there.
The email address admin(AT)btcdeals.com might still reach the site owner.
The list of past offers and a link for a placed order don't work. It might be that the site has had a database crash or been hacked and the guy is too busy to deal with it properly. He hasn't posted to his personal twitter account for a few days.
About two weeks ago I contacted the guy about non arrival of an order. A few days later he emailed asking for a bitcoin address to send me a refund. The refund arrived the next day.
@_date: 2013-01-05 16:46:36
I dislike satoshidice making the blockchain larger with lots of transactions.
It's antisocial. I wish that enough miners would not process transactions without fees to put a stop to it.
@_date: 2013-02-25 02:41:21
Except nobody actually uses it for name lookup's and there is no chance of more than a dozen geeks ever bothering to use it.
@_date: 2013-05-09 02:23:31
Nonsense. Hosting companies charge about fifteen dollars a year for a dedicated ip address for a website, it's currently necessary for https sites.
It would be much less hassle to pay fifteen bucks than to try to get everyone who visits a torrent site to install and use namecoin based DNS.
@_date: 2013-02-28 14:05:28
Perhaps Nefario will pop up and answer this one....
This would work out badly for lots of reasons.
There is only difference between this and GLBSE is that if the creators are really good at being anonymous on the internet they might not face the choice that Nefario faced, close it down or eventually end up in jail.
Suppose that someone builds it and opens it for business people to create companies and issue shares. It's GLBSE all over again.
Who is going to check the identities of people who want to start companies so they can be dealt with if they run off with the money, or in the very unlikely event of a successful business they don't pay out dividends or ignore shareholder rights under local law such as being able to call general meetings and replace directors? 
A load of scammers will treat it as a creative writing exercise to separate fools from their money. Most of the companies listed will never do any actual business.
A few clueless 17 year old kids with no idea about any of the legal requirements for running a business will register companies with good intentions and completely fail or just disappear when they get bored or realise what they have got into.
Perhaps one or two competent people will briefly consider using it and look at the details.
They will realise they can't comply with legal requirements such as keeping records of who owns the shares or reporting dividend payments to tax authorities. Their accountant and lawyer will tell them to not to get involved.
Two types of people will put money into it; Gamblers who hope to make a profit from trading and cash out before it collapses and complete morons who don't have the common sense god gave squirrels who will loose their money.
The people left holding the bag will discover that suing is ineffective, they can't find the guy, he's probably in a different jurisdiction, the courts are flummoxed by the idea that a load of numbers in a 'blockchain' confer some legal rights with no precedent, pile of signed notarised paperwork or government records.
There is a lot of regulation around running a stock market. There is a lot of regulation around stock offerings. It's practically impossible to do it legally in a decentralised way. Even if they arn't running servers the people writing the software and promoting it would be committing all sorts of crimes. 
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:46:22
They have some servers running software that tries to keep connections open to all the computers participating in the bitcoin network. They log the ip address that first tells their servers about each transaction.
There are lots of computers behind firewalls and connections sharing systems that they can't open a connection to and which may not connect to them so don't always get the right ip.
@_date: 2013-01-12 00:28:32
The onion.to site supports https links, don't give an http link!
[Silkroad via onion.to over https](
At least this way it is encrypted between you and the onion.to site.
Although DNS requests will still leak which onion site you are looking at and the operator of onion.to could still be recording what you are doing, collecting passwords etc.
Run tor in a virtual machine instead of using this.
Disclaimer: Silkroad is interesting to look at  but I advise against doing anything illegal and remember that fake prescription medicines that look just like the real thing are a billion dollar industry, any you get from illegitimate sources are unlikely to be real.
 
@_date: 2013-01-04 15:46:58
You failed to understand how blizzcoin works.
The whole point is that blizzcoin wants users to give login credentials for online banking to blizzcoin, not direct to a bank or payment processor.
@_date: 2013-05-09 02:10:08
Leaving your money in the hands of bitfinex is very risky for all the same reasons that bitcoinica was very risky and more.
It is run by a couple of kids in Hong Kong which is part of China.
The site could actually get hacked at any time.
The site operators could claim to have been hacked or just disappear with the money. Complaining to the Chinese police won't get you anywhere. They can't be extradited from China. Attempting to sue in China won't get you anywhere, the legal system rarely rules in favour of foreign plaintiffs.
In China people get sentenced to years of reeducation by forced labour for activities that are considered attempts to usurp state power. A student reccently got years in prison for trying to start a political party, only one party is allowed. During the Bejing olympics a pair of old women were sentenced to forced labour for applying for a permit to hold a protest, not protesting, asking for permission to protest.
The yuan is a controlled currency, you are not allowed to take it out of China.
When the Chinese government notices bitcoin do you think they will like the idea of a currency that moves value across the internet? 
It is a realistic possibility that they could start rounding up bitcoin enthusiasts tomorrow.
@_date: 2013-06-09 14:26:57
According to [the pub companies page about how it works]( the till prints out a QR code of a bitcoin address for each transaction.
If I remember rightly from the thread last weekend they just check that the transaction gets broadcast on the network, they don't wait for it to be included in a block. The 8% premium on the exchange rate will probably more than cover someone getting a free round on rare occasions if the transaction dosn't get processed.
@_date: 2013-02-25 03:32:55
In that scenario people would just write down the ip address of the music or  torrent site they want to use or get a hosts file from their geek friend, they still would not use namecoin.
It would be much easier for the site operator to just send their users email if they changed ip address than to try to get people to use namecoin.
@_date: 2013-02-23 18:43:45
Look at the [chart with the value axis starting at zero]( It gives a better perspective on the constant smallish market movements.
@_date: 2013-06-09 15:51:18
from the bitcoinstore.com FAQ
*If we do not meet our quarterly goal, we will not shutdown, our prices will just increase. We have no plans on going out of business*