@_author: 55555555555555555
@_date: 2013-04-21 16:52:12
Actually, Namecheap isn't operated by eNom in any way, they're simply their biggest reseller. They've been around since ~2002 and have always been a fairly popular choice for people to cheaply register personal domains, accepting Bitcoins just raised awareness.
Namecheap attempted to transition to their own ICANN accrediation several years ago, which failed due to pressure from eNom. They still maintain their accrediation independently, however all domains are still just resold from eNom, they probably kept their accrediation simply so they can assert that they're "ICANN Accredited."
@_date: 2013-04-21 14:25:02
Oddly, the creator is using GET requests for form submissions, so you can do stuff like:
which will fill his results with bogus entries.
@_date: 2013-04-21 14:37:07
Unfortunately, eNom rarely takes action (or even replies) to these in a timely manner, usually about 30-40 days into the 45 day limitation.
Afilias, the administrator of the .info TLD on the other hand is very quick to act, and will literally take control of the domain away from the registrar.
You can report it by emailing abuse as listed at 
@_date: 2013-05-10 11:54:00
Unfortunately, in almost every imaginable case, the merchant will lose, even for physical products with proof of delivery (tracking numbers, delivery signature, etc.)
People doing the above eventually get caught if they pull it with the same issuing bank more than once or twice, though.
However, if someone was out to pull something shady and was reasonably informed, they'd simply say they don't recognize the charge.
Or worse yet, it's not their card in the first place and they just can now buy bitcoins and exchange them for fiat currency, in this case the merchant has absolutely zero ground to stand on, as they accepted a stolen card.
The only way I can see this working is with someone who has huge transaction volumes, and requiring VbV/3DSecure which protects merchants from liability in most cases. I say huge transaction volumes because you're still liable for keeping chargebacks at a reasonable level (~2% or less in most cases)
tl;dr risky business for the merchant no matter how you look at it
@_date: 2013-04-22 02:07:35
Out of curiosity, why would you try to sell them? I'm assuming the registrant paid you via Bitcoin for these domains, so you've already recovered your costs, no?
If "QKOS Services Ltd." (owners of blockchain.info) were proactively monitoring these things, or wanted to get aggressive, they could simply submit a WIPO dispute to have the domains seized.
If I were in your shoes, I'd be more apt to simply leave them suspended as to remain neutral and not risk violating agreements with my upstream registrar (seizing control of a customers domain, regardless of the reason.) or simply surrendering the domains to QKOS if you intend on taking them into your own control.
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad you've taken action, I just think the approach you're considering is a bit unusual.