@_author: 57i4chirmjehl
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:55:28
Usually brainwallets use SHA256 to hash the brainwallet phrase, and use that output directly as the private key.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:46:57
Indeed, it is because of your elementary understanding of Bitcoin.  Your fundamental problem is that you cannot answer the question: "What is a Bitcoin? When I say 'I have 3 Bitcoin', what in the Bitcoin software and network actually makes that true?"
To understand what *a* Bitcoin is, you must first understand what *Bitcoin* is.  That is, what is the whole point of the network of computers running the Bitcoin software?  'Bitcoin', the entity, is  the peer-to-peer network of computers running some software that all, collectively, implement a distributed, ordered, append-only database of transaction scripts.  Some of these transaction scripts are special, and are called "coinbase" transactions, and are the "newly printed" payments to miners as a reward for mining a block.  All other transactions move units of account---Bitcoins---that can ultimately be traced back in origin to some coinbase transaction(s).
A transaction is actually a fragment of a computer program, written in a bytecode/language called, unimaginitively, 'Bitcoin Script'.  You can view transaction Bitcoin scripts on Blockchain.info.  Do it and try to decode one.  These transaction scripts govern the rules for how the transaction outputs can be further spent.  Most Bitcoin transactions use a pretty simple script that allows anyone to move those units of account (Bitcoins associated with "Unspent Transaction Outputs / UTXOs") to a new transaction script if they present:
1. A public key whose *Base58-encoded hash* equals the "address" those unspent coins "are sitting on"
2. A new transaction script governing how the inputs are to be divided into outputs and what the conditions are for further spending of *those* outputs
3. A cryptographic signature on the new transaction script, which can only be created by someone who knows the corresponding private key for the public key in (1) above.
Note that while Bitcoin script is currently pretty restricted, there are other transaction script types possible and in frequent use, like MutliSig transactions.
A wallet is simply a collection of private keys.  Public keys and addresses can be derived from these.  Your wallet software scans the blockchain (or with SPV clients, asks a server to scan the blockchain for you) for transactions whose scripts are satisfiable with private keys it knows about (to "addresses you own").
A private key and its corresponding public key has the ability to move units of account (Bitcoins) if it can be used to create a signature of a new transaction that satisfies the script of a previous UTXO.  After the BTC/BCH fork, it's entirely possible for a given private key to be able to spend some BTC but not BCH (because there was a transaction on the BCH side of the fork already spending those coins but no transaction on the BTC side spending those coins) or vice-versa or both.  Ultimately, private keys and transactions work just the same in BTC and BCH.