@_author: 5817707
@_date: 2014-09-07 07:13:12
On the other side of it BTC can't be stolen as easily and is not vulnerable like credit cards... So they didn't protect you from fraud they protected you from their own broken system.
@_date: 2014-12-26 17:08:24
thanks ayan rand, but your philosophy is causing most mass social decline.
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:26:55
And they already give gift enough discount to give 3% back.  What I mean is that amazon couldn't do much more then the 3% they already give to gyft if they were to do it themselves I doubt you would see 4 or 5% back.
The rewards wouldn't be much more than through gyft.
@_date: 2014-04-06 17:23:00
The meaning of cheap.  Consider the number of coins is arbitrary.  24 million or 24 billion.  Think of it as ONE single coin.  What % do you own of that coin for a dollar.  That shows you if it is "cheap" that doesn't mean that there is value in every coin that comes out.  Copy cats may be cheap but if they don't perform a niche or have infrastructure then they are cheap AND worthless.
But consider the case of Vertcoin.  It is VERY cheap compared to bitcoin and will have a huge following until the next better decentralized mining coin takes its thunder.  So what % of a centralized ASIC coin can you own for $1 and what % of a decentralized GPU coin can you get for $1.  I would personally value the GPU coin.  Because ASIC is a waste of manufacturing hardware and GPU can be used for computers after the miner gives up and sells the gear.  That means less waste.
So the value is based on what % you can get of the WHOLE (who cares about how many arbitrary units of the coin you aquire) and it's functional values.
@_date: 2014-04-17 21:36:07
Get Tails OS and put it on 3 bootable USB.  If you install tails then make the 3 bootable from within tails there is a way to make it so that the rest of the USB storeage can be used as the system hard drive (otherwise it would wipe any changes each time you boot up).  You can now install your wallet software on an OS and update the block chain.  Then go offline, generate a BIT38 encrypted private key and print a hard copy and keep one on the USB and make two copies of the USB.  You now have 3 copies of your bank in a safe OS that you can boot into any computer and spend from those wallets (as long as you update the blockchain first) from any computer and a paper one that you can spend from using your android cell phone and Mycelium's offine storeage spending ability. 
However I do not reccomend spending from them anyway.  You should be loading spending money into another wallet and keeping the USB and Papers safe.  The 3 copies is so you can keep them with trusted people or go back to one in case TAILS gets some sort of virus somehow.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:50:55
ahh, sweet.  I thought there was maybe a BTC specific algorithm it had to go through.
@_date: 2014-09-20 00:24:47
it won't keep anyone away.  Anyone can still view balancees in this same way but for comparing coin to coin having a different arbitrary number of coins for each makes it almost impossible but if I know X% of CoinA trades for Y% of CoinB and I know the rate of inflation for the coins I can make a more informed choice.
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:23:29
exactly what cointelpro type op would be saying.  Pushing the mainstream narrative, keep everyone in line.  Make sure anyone who believes in something you don't or has a vision for a better future is called a druggie or some other negative.    And I don't tweak or drink or any of that shit so - I guess I'll just stick with I'm insane like Rosa Parks willing to endure discomfort for a better good even though everyone else and the propaganda convinced people blacks were all druggies.  How about when they convinced germans that Jews were diseased infested genetic varience byproduct nothing more - 
The thing is when you are IN the propaganda... you will think absolutely rational about the things you are supporting even though it was just manipulation by those that control messages in society.  Co-Intel-Pro exists today on a whole new level.  Much of the info you see going around about the BTC is disinformation anyway - all that slander and hate and venom about those who see through the house they built - passed on by willing pawns such as yourself who are prey to the cultural propaganda on a daily basis...  they upvote and downvote they comment and you play along not even knowing they have been suggesting to you how to think about it... 
I'm going to just stop rambing you dont read any of this anyway.  You probably dont know a thing about the snowden revelations anyway and you would have to know a lot about King George or the revolution or anything reguarding how hypnosis works or evolutionary biology or neurobology or psychology or hypnosis or propaganda or any of the very detailed things you would have to understand before even getting a glimps of the picture of what is happening around you...
all the while it happens you wont see it.  As a professional stage hypnotist I could give people lemons nothing could counvince them they weren't an Orange after the suggestion of it... it works the same in YOU my friend.  When you realize how easy masses are to sway (same as before) into supporting very wrong ideas and feeling very firm and rational about it or by letting their emotion control them or fear.
I mean people actually think they are getting "rewards" from their credit card company.   Pavlovs dogs.  They pay 2-5% of every trade they ever make in any store that accepts credit cards (built into prices) and the PR campaigns  and word play make people think 1-3% back is a reward.  Here I'll hold your money from you, have some back now you love me!  Humans are so easy to manipulate.
that isn't tweaking that is just nothing better to do than to do what I do.   
@_date: 2014-05-03 18:40:40
precisely.  They never won the war on drugs and never will which means if Dlords use bitcoin they will never win the war on that either.
they would use an currency which can't be seized.  (just give the pass-phrase to someone else if you get arrested they can move the funds).  Also with meshnets you can set up radio signals to broadcast transaction from  the middle of nowhere.
@_date: 2014-04-15 03:43:18
Amazon can't use it effectively without chargebacks their customers would have to deal with BTC returns through customer service.  This is the ONLY reason.  Staffing customer service at this time for bitcoin transaction errors would be full time job as it isn't integrated into their current infrastructure.
It is however not an issue with Gyft around and I appreciate that he can give you 3% back- if it were direct to amazon we might get 3.2% back with their volume BTC doesn't save them "much" in fees.  Though over the course of the next decade it could start to look like a massive savings.
@_date: 2014-04-06 17:17:41
Have you ever had gift cards?  Basically each crypto is a gift card.  I know people who have 10 gift cards and those are a hassle, when crypto multi wallets come 30 crypto will be a thousand times easier then 10 gift cards.
You are going to have REDD coins DOGE coins and MANY MANY other social coins that are "gift cards" that allow you to participate in different social applications.  You will have forums where posting costs deposits and can only be refunded by upvotes for example that will keep spam down.  
In addition to social internet specific currencies people will hold a certain amount of "point the miners to fold proteins" and "point the miners to calcluate cancer research" and "prime numbers"  - there will be multitude of things that you provide value for by holding.
There will be local bakery union currency that is good for bread and doughnuts that is traded inter bakery.  There will be currencies good only at Target.  There will be A LOT.
So people will basically have a humble indie bundle style slider bar where they can set what % they wish to keep.  As payments come in or out it will use the distributed exchange to keep your profile as you wish it.  That way you will never have to accept Westburo baptist church coins they can be turned into BTC first.  And those who carry things you don't wish to support will be paying a distriubted conversion fee to buy from you.  If they happen to have the types you support then its a discount for them not to convert it.
This landscape is going to be VERY different than today-  
edit: I didn't even mention transaction times.  BTC fails hard hard hard hard hard at this.  It will NEVER work in my work environment but QRK or others will.  McDonalds and other fast foods will only accept BTC in a fast paced drive through once a trusted escrow system is established (I'm sure soon though) that can make the transaction faster but without that you will be using a fast food chain's specific coin.  Believe it.  They already do gift cards, that will now be crypto coins.
@_date: 2014-12-02 15:38:20
LOLz all over.  Level the playing field because we want 2-5% of every transaction made.
"should address the anonymity that digital currency provides to each party in a transaction"
Why aren't they fighting to regulate the cash system?  I can trade that without ID.
@_date: 2014-09-08 22:48:45
I'm not talking about one person making a million in sales I'm talking about every million in CC sales done in this town.  Companies already give you a discount on gas if you pay in cash because their profit is so low with CC - you will see companies giving discounts for BTC too and it is better for society at large each time a CC is avoided.
@_date: 2014-03-25 01:10:15
Buying and selling bitcoin should look a lot more like buying a doughnut (no we don't need a receipt) than getting your passport. 
Every transaction that looks like I have to bring a passport is EXACTLY what I'm avoiding, needless to say they will NEVER EVER get my business.
@_date: 2014-12-27 13:42:07
I host a local pirate box allowing my neighbors to share freely all their files with each other and in return I can get online.
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:46:36
I agree with you fiat works but by decree and through only authorized manipulators is it given value and BTC is by willing participation.  
@_date: 2014-05-04 20:39:23
you are dumb.
you are a boss and you give the key out to the ONE on the transport.
Why the fuck did you give out the 2nd key before the ONE even notified you of success or failure?
God does nobody else see how easy this is?  You give out one key, two people have it (but the one on the run can't spend it) if he's caught you then give the 3rd pass-phrase to the under study he decrypts his key and you two transfer the funds to a new 3party acct and repeat.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:30:05
Yes.  No longer wishing to support banks and fake governments and their fake "baking" of fake bills is insane.  Glad the propaganda works on you.  There is no difference... dollars which you support work well every day now and crypto will work well every day LATER.  Im somehow crazy because I choose to stop giving money and bullets to cartels NOW and not wait until later... yes fine I will accept that.   I get that actually BEING the change is something that most people will never do because they see more value in comforts of middle class and an invisable slavery.  I see the debt they pay 2-5% of nearly every transaction (even if you pay in cash its built in to the prices you pay) going to someone who did NOTHING but have the authority to transfer those bits of electronic data ... I'm crazy for wanting to live outside of slavery NOW even before it's popular (or even realized what a difference it an make when your society gets to keep its trade earnings...)
King George ring a bell?  That far away agency that familes and small communities owed a % of every trade to.  Only authorized shipments with stamp.  Protest held in tea... GUESS WHAT at the time lots of people did not understand what they were doing either.  The masses don't understand what freedom actually means and are swayed to seek comforts... I'm free and helping save in my local community the money that would go to the land lords in my transactions by waiting to make my transactions until I can do so in crypto... never again in fiat except where by law.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:19:09
uh huh.  I'm not saying lobby and other legal forms of bribery aren't in the system.  I'm saying that congress passes thousands of measures and I want to be the one voting where my money goes.  That future is coming.  You'll be able to contribute taxes in a form that through smart contracts can only be spent on measures you personally support.  So I know that if Koch wants to fund his projects with taxes he'll have to have support from enough people to cover it or withdraw his taxes from all other social projects and make his own special project privately.  meanwhile I'll vote none of my taxes are guarenteeing sugar farmers money but I'll support the kale farmers... capital hill takes far too much.  Decentralized and INSTANT voting with your own tax dollars is possible.  Maybe not in the exact form I envision but it is possible
@_date: 2014-05-20 00:57:35
Purse.io and other "buy online for someone else" are really bad.  The volume is low and the price people want for btc is $600-$800.  
Your only and best bet is virwox - use paypal with attatched debit or use credit/debit (for slightly higher fee) directly.
You'll lose about 3.6% on deposit.  Then you sell USD to buy Lindon dollars on their exchange and then sell those for BTC.  They do not have a directly USD to BTC unfortunately which means you also pay a few market order fees.
All told right now after you go through the steps you'll get BTC at around $500/BTC - which for those without a bank account to use on coinbase is about the best you can do.
Hopefully the distributed exchanges like coinffeine get finished soon and that should reduce out the % paid to the middle man in exchange.
@_date: 2014-12-27 14:12:23
"You could do all those things by changing the system from within by voting and being politically active"
bullshit this is where you are all falling to the propaganda.  I dont need to read further to know you are raised a good Amerkin!  You actually believe that.  Anyone who's looked deep at the process knows this is absolutely a sham of any representation at all.  
I will vote when there is a concensus based instant process where I can humble indie bundle style send my bitcoin taxes to the IRS and tick off the things I refuse to fund. Everyone should get to log on and accept default settings or choose what they will put more or less % of their tax in.  
They can collect taxes but not apenny of it can be spent on a project I dont agree with and special interests will have to fund themselves.  You can all go fund yourselves.
@_date: 2014-09-07 07:12:17
Deciding on a whim to strand people without the ability to spend their own money based on internal rules that trigger "fraud alert" that you don't get to see or set yourself - that isn't protection of your money it is control of your money.  A strongly encrypted BTC address is protection and never allowing someone else to determine when you can spend your own money is protection.
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:01:41
ty ty
@_date: 2014-09-08 02:57:05
Who cares about this point in time.  People will fill the niche because it is  abetter version of the whole system.  You will choose between providing 2-5% profits to the owners of the largest buildings in every major city and the owners of the largest mansion - you can keep pouring a % of every transaction into a 3rd party that exists to provide you some robbery in the guize of service...
or in due time you'll have coinbase and others also offering insurance for such cases and ease of use is coming.  Yes merchants only have to build in price increases to cover transaction fees so when my town of 600 buys $1000000 worth of services locally there is no reason that 50K or roughly $86 in fees per person per 1 mil in trade has to go to a stupid VISA or MASTERCARD - now I'll have my choice of a thousand different low cost options saving the social economy from years of indentured service to more ownership of ones own resources.
Again the aren't providing services they are the only system that is authorized to provide money services like that and they have to make it look like you benefit from their syphoning of wealth.
@_date: 2014-12-12 05:02:08
bitcon a bitcon convention
@_date: 2014-12-12 04:59:04
just store on bitpay then.  MS transactions are handled there Why trust MS from hackers isntead of bitpay?
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:17:01
First of all I am homeless by choice because I'm not selling my BTC I have plenty worth in there.  Not everyone who goes without work for a few months should sell everything they own and panic sell all their stocks to pay rent a few months...  You are so fucking weak as a culture your whole culture cowers at the thought of living without your commercial goods for a few moths.  Don't call me sad.  Plus first of all I have not lost ANY money unless I sell and in 10 years none of it comes back up - its called investments they go up AND down I know your 5 yr old brain could never consider that.  Also  I HAVE A SHOT TON.  I have a BTC value in my portfolio that i'm not going to share with you but it's PLENTY if I decided that I was too weak of a human to live life hard (like the rest of you pansies) then I could sell it. 
For the last time it is not sad not want to sell everything you have just because you dont have work for a few months.
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:56:17
Its not that much more risky than selling now.  I don't have any income until may and want to stay invested in what is good for the future.  I'm not trying to get rich.  Right now that asset is more important than fiat.  I'll Spend a few seasons living simply.  I have others like MAID DRK and some others that are performing fine, but because right now I would still have to pay a bank or 3rd party before converting to fiat before they are useful, I refuse to use them.  Every dollar I put in crypto is going to stay there.  Still not selling those so that I can own stupid FIAT- I'm keeping it all crypto and following the ones I see will be most impactful in developing a commerce UNLIKE any economic advisors teachings, Milton freedman had no idea how decentralized trade and ownership will change things, because thus far its not an economy that very many minds can grasp.  Some forward thinking can see where this is going and I'm not saying I know all the winnig horses but I'm keeping all bets off FIAT for long term prosperity.  Period.
I'm not saying trust any crypto over the other but I'm saying that you should invest on who you want to win the war, give the napoleon more value by holding and trading it and you give napoleon more power, more to pay soldiers with.  Buy CURE coins and you incentive people to fold proteins that may one day regrow your injured spine.  I see value in that and I want to reward miners for that I don't care if its losing FIAT value - I'm investing in the future of the world instead.
 I don't care if my fiat trading value goes to zero.  I'm not trolling.  I'm far more certain that the USD mining difficulty is 0 and will be printed into oblivion and that bacterial mining will bring "rare" mineral mining difficulty to zero and in 30 years I will have been putting as much of my fiat as I can into powerful tools that will be the backbones of the economy my grandchildren use.  It might have been the very little that I had that could have given me what, a bigger space to call home and more places to put stuff, but day by day if I can get just enough to fix my car I'll be FINE for the winter like I was FINE for the summer and feel good that I'm investing in something others can't see yet.
@_date: 2014-05-04 16:10:01
wtf are you talking about, nobody can spend it without the boss signature.  It's a 2 of 3 multisig.
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:41:03
there is no way it gets too cold for my sleeping bag.  I burn up on below 0 nights.
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:10:28
we have too many miners.  Its not my fault that everyone went out and decided we need as much power as it takes to power new york to handle this.  (I'm just pulling that number out of air but you know what I mean)  people got greedy and everyone wanted to buy gear but we are burning WAY more energy than we actually need to secure the network.  Coins like CURE and decentralized cloud store however would be using all that extra energy for societal contribution.  The BTC miners that got into fiat debt are going to go exctinct sell their asics for pennies on the dollar and people with no electricity costs and alternative fuels or small scale volunteers will run them in a more distributed fashion. 
anyway after the debted and energy expensive miners die and sell their asics and more simple usb asic keychains are cheaply made available you'll see we get the job done wasting far less energy and those 2nd gen miners will be under no pressure to sell for fiat out of made up commere (the wasted energy) instead they will mostly sell when traded for goods or service directly not related to the mining process.  That changes the whole motion of this beast.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:31:52
yes.  and that is propaganda talking.  There is nothing wrong with supporting decentral over central at this time  NOTHING.  long term this is the thing people will say they wish they knew more about when it was up and coming and it aint going to take as long as Apple computers to go big.  I'm not putting all eggs on ONE crypto but I no longer value fiat for trade except by law and threat of force as decreed.  
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:03:20
While we're at it.  
* It's PATRIOT missiles, not Raytheon death machine.
* We AWE people with wars, not frighten them.
* The SHOCK part, that's just to show how big our dick is.
* The enemy uses DIRTY bombs, we use SURGICAL strikes.
* Our skilled intelligence officers gave us PIN POINT accuracy to find the very best clouds where our depleted uranium fallout should ride.
Whatever you can get people to repeat is going to make a huge difference on their impression.
@_date: 2014-09-07 07:09:46
this has everything to do with BTC.
@_date: 2014-12-26 17:09:05
first the mock you
@_date: 2014-09-15 19:19:36
QR codes are not a fundamental part of bitcoin nor did they have anything to do with bitcoin before bitcoin wallets adopted it.
If you mean that it reminds you of bitcoin when you see one, you are correct.  They are associated for YOU - but have no association for others viewing it and it will not make them think "hey I should look up bitcoin I see a QR code"
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:48:31
Bear advise not welcome.  Yes I've put everything into my portfolio of cryptos as they are the future.  No not all in bitcoin.  Miners get paid once that is fine and currently what does anyone expect with regulators scaring investors and more being mined than purchased price will drop... Yes those dumb farmers got some fiat off me to pay energy bills (paid to burn fuel) while I still own my bitcoin and will own it long after the miners rigs are worthless dregs and in a garbage bin useful for nothing... the BTC will be useful for trade and not inflated like fiat.
@_date: 2014-05-04 16:09:55
wtf are you talking about, nobody can spend it without the boss signature.  It's a 2 of 3 multisig.
@_date: 2014-09-17 05:39:10
eventually this will be how all street deals are done phone to phone - ideally through a camera/screen interface where phones talk to eachother seamlessly.  
Right now I feel like every BTC donation is going to be to someone who is going to lose it by misplacing, forgetting encryption keys, or simply never figuring out how to use it properly.   You would be wasting a lot of coin and good will.
There should be a crypto redeemable only in food where people donate by buying coins - since it can only be redeemed in food at grocery stores the homeless who is given it can buy food but not scope to drink... and the grocery store can redeem it at the decentralized account that donations went to.
It can even track specifically what items can be bought and further further down the road the coin can have a contract specifically to provide only PARTIAL payments to food.  Fund X amount that is used up through time.  Think of another type of coin that the donator can CHOOSE which foods it can buy or what % off they get for foods made of high fructose corn syrup vs foods made of apple.
edit: I should add that it would be pretty simple to make a service where two phones can call at the same time and then go ear to mouthpiece 69 with each-other to verify both accounts.  To totally ignore the learning curve of "crypto currency" you would just tell the homeless (phones homeless) to call a 1800 number and you call it too - 69 the phones which will send test tones to determine which phones currently calling the service are next to eachother... now the homeless has an account and you can type in how much to send him, his phone says "recieved $20" and you just tell him to go buy food and at the checkout there is a number to text at the checkout line - the phone# IDs him to the service which loads his balance into the checkout isle for spending.
Donor can set all kinds of contract rules before funding a coin
You can give an unknown amount (hide balance) that just reduces the cost of groceries until it is extinguished - so there isn't a one time fix but a long term residual benefit.  If one has enough simultaneous donors then he wouldn't need to furnish any payment but if he receives too much then some unspent coin can be returned to the donor's account when certain conditions are met.
@_date: 2014-06-07 06:13:06
I've been saying this to everyone and get blank stares people don't quite understand how revolutionary it is to have a human quorum sensing.
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:56:10
Nothing to do with the name- 
in 7th grade I was trading mp3s on mIRC bots and dial up home ftp ratio servers.  Yes this was long before napster, long before ANY but one other person at school knew what an mp3 was, and certainly nobody I knew understood enough about mIRC, usenet (also still the best and fastest way to get anything new) to collect like I had.
Then my friend asks me if I'd heard of napster.  I couldn't believe that I wasn't in the loop, I was usually the first to know, and I said 'no'.
He pulls it up and at the bottom it shows 2,000 users.
As he was stoked and excited about this new way easier way to get mp3s, I SHIT A BRICK.  In went into a tyrade how they attracted too much attention to this thing.  I said Napster is going to ruin MP3s and the internet for everyone.  I said they won't go after the stuff I'm doing because it is an "ANY" file sharing program.
Branding the idea is more important than the idea itself.  You see how the media is doing great at branding.  You mention bitcoin and you ALWAYS get the same few responses... "you mean the drugs, money laundering, thing?  I wouldn't buy it, their CEO just went to prison."
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:05:26
Right I have some of that and I don't risk losing it.  But I think the part people here have a problem with for some reason is that I must be crazy to not care about material goods and comforts enough to simply hold through hard times and not panic sell.  I'll have income again eventually and hell probably just keep living on the street and buy more.  
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:22:25
nope.  I see all the ideas I've had drop into place as others begin to implement evolutions that I knew would take place and understandings are finally coming to the masses little by little.  
Here just as an example one came up today 
Must have been a decade ago I told my friends we'd have computers that could do this but I took it further ... we'll be able to use a camera on a few points of light in a distance to render a 360 degree view of everything that point of light can see (or is reflecting onto it) just by analyzing the light info.  Now The first part came true.  Every other month or so I see another TED talk of someone telling me that something I've held in my head for a long time has finally had the leg power behind it to bring show others.  Not just inventions but paradigm shifting ideas.  I've taken our current paths and projected them successfully time and time again.  When I try to describe these things 10 years prior people all think its impossible or its hard to describe it's impact.
So what is so "JESUS" about that?
@_date: 2014-04-06 05:28:05
this assumes the speed of growth on the fact that BTC was the main promoted crypto.  When you take into the fact that people will likely be holding portfolios and multi-wallets of a blend of 10-20-30 cryptos that they support... the market cap isn't for BTC it is for all of them.  VERY unlikely that BTC will ever get to $2000 when there are so many cheaper variations of coins and many more to come.  The market cap will be spread quite thin.
@_date: 2014-12-25 20:08:45
as this builds you will see an affect. not destroying anything either, living humbly and believing that the only meaningful change that can occur in our lifetime is freedom of exchange and its worth living humbly to support a future where my grandchildren are free
@_date: 2014-11-30 00:43:36
I suspect there will be millions of crypto assest exchanged on decentralized exchanges.  You will see worldwide trading of BTC shares to lumber shares, chicken shares, shares of the local bakery representing pastries, shares of organic farms representing food... things like that.
You will be able to hold a wallet with a portfolio of all kinds of assets without the dollar and see what each one trades like against the other.
@_date: 2014-12-25 18:22:52
mine is not tied.  I'm living homeless because of it but having it is the only thing worth living for.  I felt so trapped in this prison people can't even see for so long and now see this movement as a revolution the same as when we wanted to issue honest money to combat the rule of king George and his cartels having to be in-between all of our trades.  
I see 2-5% of each of my transactions NOT going to the wealthiest people on the planet and instead staying in the pocket of the person I"m trading with.  THAT is the value.  Keeping the king out of local trade is worth more.  Liberty is worth more.  Than how much fiat I can trade my bitcoin for.  
The only reason the price dropped a full year is because INVESTORS not revolutionaries got scared and pulled out.  They miss the whole point!  They are looking at "how an I gain the most fiat by trading for bitcoin" and true forward thinking smart innovators see it as "how can I begin building an economy that functions so much better than fiat".
Think of your grandchildren NOT your pocketbook.
@_date: 2014-08-29 08:36:39
I always thought that there should be a system where you can show your holdings average coin days without revealing all your wallets and addressess publicly.
So a customer can see that you have volunteered some information like bitcoin purchases stay btc for x amount of days (before spend or converted to fiat to pay bills/employees) -
This could go all the way to vendors and producers of the product to.  You pay the store and can track that X% was paid to other entities in BTC and received by a holder who keeps Y average coin days per BTC.
Volunteering info like this could keep finances private but also give people a good heads up on who to spend with.  Those that see a BTC future or those that will sellout to fiat and keep giving value to the bank note that funds the bombs bullets guns and assassins we call "defence".
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:57:27
dont plant the seed about the price at all.  Paint about the future where centralized cartel doesn't vacuum up a large % of our incomes year after year.
@_date: 2014-09-19 22:28:38
nothing has to change other than total # of coins in existance is displayed as 1 and the amount you just mined is displayed as a % of the new total - 10 minutes later though you'll see it drop a tiny fraction as more coins come out.
@_date: 2014-09-07 07:15:56
my skinny ass can easily eat 10 burritos or 20 tacos.  $20 is a typical meal for me at any Fast Food.
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:51:27


maybe maybe not but that is a PUNY estimate of the market value of crypto as a whole.  Even if BTC doesn't even stand out as top dog Im sure a great % of people will hold a % of bitcoin before too long or at least use it in some way or another in their multi wallet - which of course also serves as a decentralized exchange.  IF BTC adapts well enough to new ideas and we help mold and modify and side chain and if companies are mostly building apps for BTC it would go to considerably more than $1000 -  I doubt it will be that kind of future though.  I think BTC will do okay as an ON and OFF ramp for all the other cryptos.  It will be the corner stone, gold standard if you will, to measure the trades of crypto in.  I think from now on as far as you can see BTC will hae some value and it will most certainly never be 0 
We can only guess about how much % of crypto traffic has to be in BTC for it to reach $1000 again... lot of market share is being shared...
The future crypto commerce looks very different.  Each coin you choose to hold you are adding value to by accepting it.  It is your vote and instant stake in society directed by charter of the coin.  If you trade with others who have the same ideals then there is a reduced fee because you hit the exchange for less of the portions and wont pay miners fees for the decentral exchange.  Hard to grasp I know but it'll be seamless.
The multiwallet is moddable to add any crypto.  You set the % of your portfolio you wish to keep in each cryptocoin... Someone pays you and you accept what you can to fill each "stock" and keep correct proportions the rest are sold on exchange at whatever current value is. 
If I want to reward people for folding proteins then I'll hold a percent of CURE.  If I want to fund science EMC2 or another.  If I want to help build the next decentralized project I buy into that coin.  IF I want to participate in votes by a certain decentralized group I buy into that coin.
BTC will serve as a "non-vote".  It is just the on and off ramp from fiat to crypto, then people will trade much of their BTC for whatever micro crypto economy they wish to fuel.
Note NONE of this is milton freedman or any bullshit economics ... no economist today has graduated by a class that even could CONCEIVE of the new kinds of economies that CAN possibly exist.  they have already decided that anyone who abandons capitalism work as usual though is insane.
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:37:20
There are a lot more things to worry about than the amount of possessions I can afford. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 07:38:56
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:54:59
I have never paid to cash a paycheck in my life until I moved to a place where there is only one back, Wells Fargo.  They wanted to charge me $7.50 to cash a WELLS FARGO check.  
I guess America is trained now to think this is normal though I thought that if you MUST pay a portion of your pay that was called indentured servitude and the AK state labor laws specifically say your check MUST BE REDEEMABLE WITHOUT DEDUCTION from the bank or institution from which it's issued.
I say it's a wells fargo check he tells me "its a 3rd party that is writing the wells fargo check"
I tell him you don't have any contract with me I should not owe you any of my paycheck if you wish to charge the 3rd party or my employer for using your service then charge them... I'm not using your service I'm trying to pick up my pay WITHOUT discount.
They wouldn't do it.  I later learned that they were sued for this in California and therefor had to make "free" accounts - so they don't force you to pay part of your check but FORCE you to make an account and FORCE you to have minimum deposit FORCE you to have direct deposit FORCE the number of times you can access your money in a month (minimums and maximums) FORCE you to transfer money into a savings acct each month in order to avoid $15 per month 
So my options to give them money give them money or give them money.
Nobody in this redneck brainwashed town sees anything wrong with this fucking system but I do not have any business with WF and should NOT have to give them any of my check.
Technically the employer is at fault for using a service where I can not get full face value for my pay and to be legal they have to use a bank that allows me to cash my check without making an account and without a fee.  The caviat is that I have to be able to do it Somewhere in the STATE, not the city... so the only option employers here have is to use a bank that is a $50 ferry ride away
Of course everyone just says "why not just get a free account and avoid all of this" - *sigh* they are believing indentured servitude and control of your money as "free" and will never see the slavery they are in.
I'm a professional hypnotist and when you convince someone the lemon they are eating is an orange they will fight tooth and nail to tell you all the reasons you are wrong for calling it a lemon.
PS.  I've put 100% of all my checks into Bitcoin ever since then and don't give a fuck if it goes to 0 so long as I help to never pay a bank again in my life (and also by holding BTC I put more fiat into circulation helping to destroy the USD in the processes which is something that must be done if we are to advance as mandkind should)
@_date: 2014-12-17 20:40:55
that is the whole reason the price keeps falling when big time investors think it will be hard to turn BTC into fiat they panic and get out... they are just old and not forward thinking.  They think the goal is getting more fiat or better co-operation with the banks so when regulation looks like it'll cost them more % earnings they back out afraid of losing their current net worth priced in fiat.
@_date: 2014-09-07 07:22:35
Your dumb, Mt Gox happened due to ACTING LIKE A BANK lending money they didn't have and representing the fake money as credits in their system.
They didn't fail because of BTC they failed because they did fractional reserve lending ... the banks would have been bailed out for the same fall.  Gox only fell all the way because they weren't part of the kings cartel.
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:56:46
BTC will likely never not exist again until simply replaced by something even better or more liberating.  Fiat is still the losing bet.
@_date: 2014-04-17 20:51:24
It is possible to store all levels of data and then know upon login which permissions are being requested.  When I go to the liquor store it will release my age and photo without showing my name or address and when I order on amazon it will show my address no picture.  It may also be possible to tag a bitcoin trade with a receipt that shows information for the next X number of days or down the next X number of transactions or authorizations to that key.
That last part might be a bit confusing but a real world example is you pay for your liquor with a currency that already authorizes you the computer and facial recognition data from the in store cameras compare and validate you without the need for a cash register ID check where a human can glean more information from your ID than needed for the transaction.
If you are sending a package to someone across the country with total strangers in a system that pays bitcoin for using empty space in your car and directs you to the next person to hand off the package to you will want some type of photo proof of chain of custody from person to person to stay in the blockchain, and people recieving the package need to know you have a legit feedback on the system so if the package needs X number of hops then you will send your ID info with it for X number of transactions before the info disappears from the "smart property" BTC address of the package.
@_date: 2014-12-27 13:42:45
umm, okay you have obviously no clue what it is actually like and once again just fear fear fear...  I'm sorry that none of you are strong enough to think this is possible when billions do it every day.
@_date: 2014-04-15 03:49:04
gyft 3% back anyway.  Amazon doesn't save much on credit xaction fees and wouldn't be able to beat that by much if there were even to offer an incentive to BTC users.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:10:56
Why does sleeping in a sleeping bag make someone a contagious unconscious grandpa?  Here is the thing.  If you dont believe crypto will become anythiing then why are you here?  If you believe it will come to something then why are you nagging me for saving mine instead of selling?  Are you simply not strong enough of a human being to fathom sleeping in a sleeping bag?  Or are you simply sure you are not strong enough as a character to stay sane without your comforts?  
I'm just a human, I have need for warmth good food and books for stimulation.  I wash hands and brush teeth and I am happy.  Why does everyone here care so much that I believe crypto will be something important someday enough to keep mine even if I have to struggle to do so in the short term?
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:23:56
sorry you are right nobody pulled out... everyone is trying to get ME to pull  out but you are convinced that nobody else got scared and pulled out even though most of the large drops come on the heels of govt and bank rumors.
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:35:55
The US has more legal framework in place to tap the undersea cables than they do to tap your local ISP.  US based poses a problem only with the spy on your customer for us laws and don't tell them we're looking laws and the mandatory amount of time they have to keep a record
@_date: 2014-09-07 11:22:45
You are comparing apples and oranges.
Gox was a failure in investing - NOBODY gets their money back when bernie madoff handles their USD either.  Gox you can compare with greedy scamming investors like those that caused the financial melt down... not comparable with banks or credit card companies.
Now with a credit card you are right when it is stolen or copied the creditor will use some of the 2-5% they have taken from every one of everybody purchases and they will pay you back out of their exorbitant profits.  
With BTC society gets to keep that 2-5% so there isn't a fund or a company to pay you back... but the good news is you can lose your wallet and not lose access to any of your money, you can pay the cashier and know they can not copy your private key, you can shop at target and know that if target's computers get hacked your BTC is still safe.
again if you want to invest with Gox that is NOT the same thing as spending and holding BTC like a credit card, you are talking about totally different types of fraud and fraud prevention
BTC is absolutely far superior in every way to credit card companies.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:18:38
you say $ is speech but only because we give fiat so much power by accepting it, we stop accepting it and governments cant print any more (or they can print but will be worthless) for their armies murderers special interests which just goes back into the polititians pockets.  We stop valueing it and their speech is dead.
@_date: 2014-12-27 13:40:45
Not looking for future GAINS, I'm looking to NEVER SUPPORT A BANK AGAIN EVER.  That is all, no more fiat to support what pays the murderers the US hires daily in comfy offices.  No more % from me ever again.  I don't like indentured servitude even if our "soft" slavery is hard for most people to even see, I don't wish to help the land lords gain ANY more power or buy ANY more bullets.  PERIOD 
@_date: 2014-09-15 19:11:26
I want to see circle's circle face.
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:14:37
Another big flaw is the propaganda they use to make people feel they are 'earning' by their indentured servitude.  2-5% of each transaction is taken from the merchant (therefor built IN to the price the consumer pays) then they graciously give you back 1-3% and you feel like you've earned rewards.
They are very good at hiding the slavery and making pavlovs humans salivate over it.
@_date: 2014-09-17 05:56:34
the under-banked are exactly who need this- it will actually revolutionize begging and giving.
Dollars can be spent on anything.  But there will be a coin you give that is redeemable only in food.  Homeless have cellphones that is a fact so text based services will be utilized.  Donors will never have to wonder if the money they gave actually went to food.  If it isn't spent it can be returned.  It may have rules that once sent from donor to 'begger' it can ONLY be redeemed, not traded, and only once redeemed can it be sold back to the "donation center" for the deposited cash that bought the coin.
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:01:10
out of what?  First of all plenty of people choose to go money less.  Whole movements of people.  Travelers, rainbow kids, the money less moab man... one thing I've learned on the streets is happiness comes if you want it and I'm not less happy now then when I made $30 an hour or when I sold that for a job more in line with my ideals at $14 an hour or when I traded for more in line with my passions for $10 an hour... 
now my whole life I've watched my ideas unfold.  I've been told I was crazy for ideas that pop up on a weekly bases 10 years later on TED etc... always been thinking on a different scale as others and I know the direction this evolution is heading and I'm willing to start backing it now.  BTC and crypto is still TINY TINY TINY in what it will be doing as a role in societies - It is OK for me not to sell mine just because I'm out of work for the short term it is OK for me not to sell mine because I believe in it more than having gas money or being able to hire a mechanic - it is OK that I see a better more prosperous future in crypto than in USD or fiats of any kind...
I mean I wont keep going you wont read or understand any of this anyway.  Its just ramblings hardly anyone knew why the hell a PC would be worth anything until they found reasons for it to be on the desktop- when crypto's potentials is finally understood, really understood, by those who see it's application layer for what it can really do - nobody will be wondering how I'm doing.
@_date: 2014-12-26 17:12:40
I'm wondering how I'm stupid when my portfolio is worth plenty.  I'm just not selling at a loss the ones that have gone down and instead choosing to tough it out.  There is NOTHING wrong with that.  WTF is everyones fucking problem  I GET THAT MOST OF YOU WEAK ASS HUMANS WOULD RUN TO COMFORT AT THE FEAR OF LOSS BUT GET OVER IT I"M NOT ONE OF YOU.  I'm brave enough and strong enough to know a sleepipng bag is all I need... so dont worry about me who the fuck cares about the fact that my money is on the internet and not paying rent,
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:07:36
better yet plant the seeds of how fast the supply of dollars grows and what chance in hell this country run by dfrat bros and co has of actual liberation from the money manipulators, from the King's cartels, if all of that is debt based.  
Crypto is just as "faith based" as fiat ... its value is determined by willingness to trade it.  But most fiat comes into existance as debt and a % is owed and worked off.  Then each time another transaction happens anywhere crossing any distance more % and fees are taken for the "safety" they provide us so we don't have to store those digital credits at home where a robber can get them... The provide no service but reap vast rewards.
I dont give a rats ass about the price.  People all over are telling me I'm insane but I watched the dollar.  I watched every single company create more waste by reducing package sizes and serving sizes and increase costs enormously in my first decade in the "working" category.  Dollar is doing the same thing as BTC but BTC is a money of the future and its speed is dramatic so it looks different.  But we're seeing inflation... its going to happen... for a while... then it will end. 
Fiat on the other hand it's going to happen and happen and happen and ... I'm not sure when but the inflation won't end, the dollar will.  We can't reverse this path except by immediate radical behavior change.  We adopt BTC now and cut out cartels we are FREE liberated.  I started now.  I converted all into BTC and stranded myself without a home because well I don't want to support the evil fiat and banking and debt represents to a much more liberating future.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:21:04
Did I say I dont support government?  I support the future block chain based concences and Local based governments no need for anyone 2000 miles away making my choices or taking my money.  period.  I'll pay local taxes in the future where I am not forced to buy bombs for the murdering regiem in power and where 2-5% of each trade stays local instead of going to the richest people on the planet.  I'm done funding kings, muderers, and all the rest.
You don't have to agreee but some people on this plant have enough balls to go through hurt to stand up for what is right.  Even if you think it won't help anything - at least I get to live with knowing I purchased less bullets than you for the murderers, You are accountable for supporting it all and not standing up for change.
PS you have never heard of a long range wifi antenna god you are really dumb people just TRYING to figure out how I'm the dumbest person in the world because I'm okay with taking risk and most of you are probably just too weak of humans to challenge yourselves to it.  You would have sold out that is your choice, I'm holding.
@_date: 2014-12-17 20:57:59
We don't know the value of bitcoin yet it is too early.  People like me see value in not giving a bank owner and 1000 of his friends and family micro payments every time we purchase anything from a store everywhere.  People like me see value in small communities freed from the 2-5% syphon at Pont of sale.  People like me see value in not having a bank control my money.  So many times have I been stranded because a bank decided to be in control of suspecting fraud when I want to be the one in control of securing my own funds.  
They keep stealing them and releasing them 5-7 days later because I'm homeless and zip codes change a lot.  Then they make it almost impossible to access other bits of money like paypal funds unless I can remember and give them tons of details about the family cars and public information on the people and houses you know.
I see value in the fact that these banks used to have to transport and secure actual gold.  It was costly so remittance and money services where you can send someone with paper and on the other side it could be verified as real and they could collect their gold (or later their fiat).  Now they charge rediculous fees to send what amounts to a text message for us and its not a real profession.  Its a cartel set up by the state that could be totally side stepped- there is value in that.
The only thing that gives fiat value is force you are forced to accept it as payment of debt, forced to have it to pay tax (or tithing), forced to have US at least to buy some oil.  They say it is "backed by governments' which is just words.  JUST WORDS.  They don't back it with anything excpet their power to print it and loan it at interest.  
This is not an top down inforced value - and no polititian or banker can just inflate it all of a sudden because they need to pay soldiers to kill innocent people.  I bet BTC will never be used to fund the US army and that alone (dropping giving value to the fiat that fuels the massecres and the great beast satan the US) is worth the fate of the world
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:38:11
not the same thing.  They are dealing with the know the customer rules and anti terror and money laundering laws.  They start with asking for you to enter a name THEN  later say provide ID via email And since you entered a name you can't furnish an ID for they keep it
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:28:31
"life savings" wtf are you talking about.  I never had any savings for 10 years (when I gave up working a good pay for corrupt bankers) I've lived meagerly.  I've converted all my pay into crypto.  You can say stupid mother fucker invested your life savings into "personal computers" 30 years ago but you really need to wait for a long term investment before you start calling me anything.  I don't have income to invest a little at a time I have to take more risk but who the fuck cares... so I lose it all and go back to owning nothing like I have for a long time.
by the way to everyone saying how dumb this is you should probably study buddism because you are all way to fucking worldly.  ANYONE can travel without income.  ANYONE can eat without income.  HAPPINESS abounds me daily and the amount of fiat i've earned in the past never brought me this.
So you can all go fuck yourselves 
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:02:50
bot might cost a fee to send outside of bot network to a regular miner for verification.  But within reddit I dont think there is a fee.
@_date: 2014-12-17 20:38:19
not only that but if you choose to live in non-fiat 100% (close enough except the law that forces you to own it for tax purpose) then for every bit of work you do that you would have been saving in fiat has been give away to someone else to spend allowing more dollars to chase the same amount of goods and in effect inflating the dollar more.
@_date: 2014-05-03 21:03:08
why not. a 2 of 3 transaction signed by the boss and the new guy while the old guy who got arrested has no access.
@_date: 2015-01-14 22:54:25
*edit pardon the typing.  Virus hack attack on my computer.  jokester making random key and mouse movements.  
It's happened long ago, recently, and it will happen again.  Im not talking in terms of USD exclusively.    The only reason we've hung ON to a society that is functioning with such fast inflation is the ability of companies and federal reserve to HIDE so much about how much they have printed, printed in form of reserve lending credits, or printed in the form of false dirivitives .  THey've been able to obfuscate the real value of the dollar, how much is in circulation, and create artificial demand for the dollar through legislation like the need for USD to buy oil.  
Computers handling logrythmic trades for "digital supply" of dollars all over better now than when say Rome fell.  But our inflation is much faster than Rome's.  Our computers were just able to handle more calculations and it isn't utter collapse YET.  
The probem about saying the predictions havn't come true is that is not the same as them not able to come true.  And if the have happened in the past we have to steer ship and try something that doesn't have such drastic consequences.  The US was an experiment but the power of the dollar is not at all serving people, hearing justice, or providing for common welfare as stated in the charter.  We really should change things and that demands revolution.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:46:01
still there are some FIATs that fall much quicker than BTC.  And if their demand was as low as BTC they will fall much quicker. So BTC is outperforming those FIATs and it is only 5 years old and for most of the world it is 0-1 years old and still barely heard of.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:34:54
I'm out of fiat as well.  Don't care if the haters here say its stupid.  I've taken a "hit" but who cares.  I'm used to having nothing I've done it before.  More importantly I'm not a slave.  I'm never giving a bank another dollar.  They have too much power only increasing and if we'll ever reverse this indentured servitude (2-5% of nearly EVERY transaction pretty much in ANY city goes to them even if you don't use CC you are paying the merchant the 2-5% now built into the prices) we need to view keeping money from banks as more powerful community and world prosperity maker than making a personal short term profit and prosperity.
Here is the main problem with all of you "investors".  You are thinking about how you can profit or gain more FIAT.  I'm thinking of what kind of world my grandchildren will inherit and focusing on making that the world I live in now.  And FIAT isn't going to be worth anything to them and if banks keep gaining more power and money to bribe and own governments then WHAT will they have?  What could WE have if we had gotten rid of all those money grubbers and wealth was easier to keep?  Think of the billions of transactions and fractions of dollars you give to the most powerful people in the world every time you swipe that card!   
@_date: 2015-01-17 18:12:17
I thought it was going to be an ice cream truck :(
@_date: 2015-01-10 07:18:04
yeah her questioning was okay the look away shyly before mentioning the 5 million made her look like she was hopeful she'd get that type of "if it bleeds it leads" news.
Some of the questions are valid and He didn't answer them very well especially the last one.  "uh you know, they ah, use it in Africa so it's getting to the 2/3rd" to paraphrase.  
HE should have just talked about how nobody has ATM or Credit terminals in much of the world or internet there but they all have nokias and already are used to trading in digital phone minutes... and now they can all transact worldwide with texts so long as we build the SAFE centralized businesses that can handle the text serving.  Right now I don't trust Change Tip to secure my money but much of the world is already used to having no money but trust their phone minutes can be traded for food at the gas station.
So the point is we know that bitcoin is growing but we also know that something much better can be built if we focus on the power BTC has to empower in a world where we're told we can only trust Visa or Mastercard we can be in charge of our own exchange and trade.  People are going to dig this but they just don't yet know what it really MEANS to have it.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:48:20
perfect it is not.  But its close.  Its leaps ahead of flat world fiat.  It may not be the end all be all (governments will run lots of propaganda against it and in support of their puppet crypto like Ripple) but it is going to change the world.  I for one don't care if it drops to $1 - the fact that it exists is going to mean banks and governments are losing all their power which comes from the issueing of money.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:29:37
who the fuck cares  IF a word in CAPS offends you GET off the INTERNET.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:29:02
if they pay them in Bitcoin we win still.
And yeah, you are propagandized and patriotic I get it, you don't want revolution.  You don't want hell.  You want to sit comfy and let the powers keep on raping you in the ass.  Others are willing to endure discomfort to change things.  
So long as they keep giving you peanuts and circuses you will never march or make a change.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:10:03
you are not thinking.  Government pays their assassins, murderers, merchants of death, military, in USD.  The US government gives hundreds of millions to terrorists in printed fiat.  
If we don't value fiat, their armies have not bullets.  If we stop using USD their hired murderers will not have anything in the paycheck worth fighting for.
You are right in a tent I'm only one person not accepting it.  Thost tiny fractions add up though.  Be the change you want to see in the world. 
Anyone who says that you can't change the world is wrong.  You may not do it COMFORTABLY.  Nobody who ever stood up to fight what is wrong did it on a plush couch.  NOBODY.  You make sacrifacies and they are only a TINY TINY TINY drop in the bucket of change... but the reason we don't have a revolution every 10 years is because people like you and others who convince people they won't make a difference ever so they don't put ANY drop in the bucket.
I'm going to put as many drops in the bucket as I can personally because so many of you wont.  I'm never going to give banks another dollar because so many of you think giving the richest most currupt most powerful peole more money to buy more bullets... is just too convenient.
@_date: 2015-01-14 11:41:25
bull shit.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:52:21
I'm doing it sort of right now.  All checks when I have work are put into crypto, the only fiat I spend are cash tips for food.  I do have to spend BTC which ATM is only going to be converted to fiat by the company.  But sooner or later crypto will be pop enough there will be companies that will keep it in BTC and when there are they will have all my business.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:18:07
Right but inflation is when more units of trade go after the same amount of good.  Right now there are x number of BTC that can trade for goods and each day there are more.  And will be for a long time.
Inflation isn't bad, this rate is very bad, but every 4 years BTC inflation will slow down while every 4 years FIAT will increase (as all debt based interest based currency will even without a totally corrupt governmet to boot)
@_date: 2015-01-22 11:09:48
aha lol love it
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:48:51
I thought it was 2040
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:19:48
that is propaganda.  the Federal Reserve was advertised to the population as just that "the liquididty when you need it" now look what it's done.  Liqquid turned to super liquied turned to ultra super liquid, turned to almost laughable how much they can print and hand to terrorist organizations on a daily basis.
@_date: 2014-12-25 05:02:28
dont think of the info in terms of surveilance.  Getting rid of harsh penalties for the aquisiition of cannabis is another fight.  There is a LOT of good that can come of a currency that we can see moving and a need for one where those oppressed can carry on trading as well.
I propose a coin that is composed of two side chains of light and dark coins.  At any time you can set preferences to your wallet like "only accept coins that have been traded on the day chain for 30 days or more and have x number of change of day owners.  For things like political contributions or government spending that we would want to know about and track we need this.  Also some purchases should be linked to identity like ordering alcohol online is illegal in states for fear underage would get it but in a light chain where identity is certain transactions can take place in the light that are for bidden now.
there are other places where you would want to dissolve your coin from the day chain and into the night.  There is record that you did but from there out nobody can see where it goes.  This is where people will trade on the street or out of the tax man's eye but for your shopping mall purchases you'll need day coin so their automated taxes are easier, for banks you will need day credits with a good "know thy customer" history.  So you can use the chain you need when you need it and we can have the best of both worlds.
lots could happen if we construct good infrastructure for evolution
@_date: 2015-01-22 10:57:54
those 2 billion though have access to cell phones a LOT more often then credit card terminals and ATMs so right now usability is on NOKIAs.  Until bitcoin can be sent via standard text easily and naturally (which will come soon enough) it's useless and that'll require a private company.  It will be a many number of years before mobile internet and android apps are as common as nokias right now.
@_date: 2015-01-14 11:40:34
Excuse me I meant to say that "will" fall much quicker than BTC.  The rate of expansion is too great for fiat run countries and no congress or vote will ever steer it.  Only adoptiong a new form of money.
Honest Money was a reason given for revolution in the past and it's a damn good reason to keep it up.  King George's issued currencies were not wanted, the stamp tax was only the act that set the big PR event in motion (tea party) not the reason we wanted to drop king george's tyranny.  Because the money you choose empowers or deflates rulers power over your life.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:44:44
I dont know but if crypto currency is fast enough you could literally play online poker and make deposits to the pot in micro amounts every bet.  This is a trustless pot and the contract or game rules handled by the computer pays out winners based on hands (which were dealt by miners/dealers and cards are also crypto based).  You would have  1 satoshi with a value of each card in the deck and the satoshi cards are actually given to your poker app's wallet and are only yours to much or show to claim a win.
  That would be a decentralized betting platform but not high volume.  All of this and more are around the corner.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:13:24
that is not BTC.  BTC is not an elite of position placed kings authority cartel owners controlling it.  BTC is like any gold rush... those who got there first and had the skills and resources to dig.  They extract the wealth and yes get to spend it first.  That is entirely different then giving one person the power to print as much as they desire.
@_date: 2015-01-22 18:45:26
that will store them, now how do you use them.
@_date: 2015-01-22 10:52:52
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:26:07
well it is bound to happen to a crypto so long as we are moving to the future.  NOt saying it is guarenteed BTC winner (the cartels and power structures and invasive information gathering know your customer and homeland security rules seem to like Ripple)  but a crypto will outperform all fiat worldwide in the next 20 years.
I think the best crypto would be where there is only 1 unit and you trade in % of that whole unit.  Actually would be good to veiew ALL cryptos having just 1 whole unit and you trade a fraction of it (as miners release more your fraction shrinks) that way we can more easily trade value them against eachother w/o the arbitrary "whole numbers" assigned at creation.
Now I know for a fact that in the decade since I graduated the value of my FIAT has fallen as much as BTC has this year- That doesn't mean FIAT is outperforming because it took longer to fall... this is a new age BTC has a chance of swinging back up, fiat has NO CHANCE IN HELL of swinging back up to that level.  Not as long as this fascism in america continues
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:53:34
the source of my problem is what exactly?  That I've once sold everything to live in a tent for two summers and am used to it?  I also don't have any problems.  Material goods mean nothing to me.  The only thing that matters is not personal gain it is what kind of world do you want your grandchildren to inherit.  When I graduated HS the dollar inflated four fold the wars aren't ending the printing isn't ending... why not simply invest in a world where polititians and bankers are not in control of trade but only those making the trade.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:41:44
but mostly slowed to a crawl after 30 years.  And that is GOOD for economies.  A little crawl of inflation.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:51:50
host poloniex out of the jurisdiction - people want bitcoin as a separation from the rulers who out of irrational fears are treating all guilty until proven innocent and demanding testimony about yourself against 5th amendment rights for a crime that has not occurred.
Bitcoin is the salvation from the King George currency.  It must have been 20 years ago Home Depo and Lowes and the places started asking for zip code at register and everyone just volunteers this information... even for cash purchases.  I have a strict rule that if they won't let me participate without that information (like facebook) then I won't participate.
@_date: 2015-05-21 23:59:36
really they are, too bad.
@_date: 2014-09-07 07:20:13
forget soc he works for the banks so has been given internal training so can't be trusted.  
Truth is they find any way to hold any dollar for any amount of time specifically because they DO make money off it.  Just like BTC coin days the banks have "dollar days" and the average of their holding dollar days is what gives them fractional reserve loaning capital.  Yes they make up arbitrary reasons to hold it (will say for security) to pad those numbers.
@_date: 2015-04-04 21:47:52
Really good poker there.
@_date: 2015-04-05 22:09:29
@_date: 2015-04-10 06:17:24
Uses blockchain type tokenized authentication.  IE no sign up no password to store server side access is only granted to owner of the key.  
Website is not appealing to the eye but read on and you will see they are advancing VPN service to the next level with modern snowden era protections 
@_date: 2015-04-04 21:51:59
It isn't the gambling that is important it is not being controlled.  In the US we had ability to play online poker then they took control and put pressure on and made legal clarifications while poker was exploding in popularity they made excuses to get MONEY controls where it didn't exist before.  Had nothing to do with online gambling it was a power grab.  Making it harder and harder to transfer wealth without paying huge cartels  or risking confiscation or litigation for both parties.
Bitcoin brings us back to a free liberating internet where we had those choices before they seized control through fictitional language of legalize.  
Nobody questions the fact they can control their dollars and are allowed to make rules for its uses - but now they don't own bitcoin and all of their efforts for the last decade gaining more control are in veign.
Symbolically it is so much more than the ability to gamble.  It is that nobody should have the authority to tell you who you can and can't send wealth to and who can and can't send wealth to you.
@_date: 2015-04-12 04:44:27
It isn't loan where crypto will shine it is trust (ESCROW).  Any and all transactions can have value locked away arbitration can be crowed sourced for fees and reputation.
The fractional reserve lending system is where all the capital comes from for debts and the victims accept it because its perceived safety backing and insurance- bitcoin doesn't have these mechanisms for debt based contracting.
It is the representation of capital or collateral in a transaction verses debt.
You can go to the bank for a loan to pay for a car and make monthly payments at interest.  OR you can put en escrow enough bitcoin to cover the value of the car and back yourself in the loan.  If you can't prove you made payments according to contract the arbitor and seller will 2-sig on the escrow account and make the required payment from your BTC before you even miss a deadline or have to pay anyone extra fees or interest.
Right now couchsurfing is very popular, air bnb, etc.  
Bitcoin will allow us to trust.  Self issued bonds, self insurance.  
Real world example.  Auto insurnace is a thing of the past.  For example, I've paid over $15k into auto insurance in my 18 years of driving- my bosses have also paid on my behalf driving work vehicles and Commercial vehicles.  At what point am I "insured" and why continue to pay an infinately increasing bill to a totally made up artificially in demand (be decree) industry?
Why not just have a wallet that is your insurance wallet every payment goes there.  When it holds X amount of escrow you are now insured to take driving lessons.  At Y level you can proceed onto roads under 35 miles per hour and no passengers except for licensed driver.  You can display your QR code right in the dash so the computers can verify as you enter the freeway that you are insured high enough for that section of road - 
I would even go so far as to say every gallon of gasoline you purchase a mandatory set "tax" goes directly into your insurance account - pay per mile which charges of course those that drive the most more insurance and would provide a secondary insurance like AAA automatically.  This is paid for out of the single payer gasoline tax wallet and helps to change tires and get vehicles towed for the common safety of the highways and allows nobody to ever have to succumb to the dreadful legal stealing and ransom cartels known as tow companies.
When you die your insurance wallet can be passed on to dependents, divided, or donated into the single payer insurance account.
This is just one tiny tiny tiny example of how many ridiculously new economies are going to arrive.
@_date: 2015-04-05 23:18:39
This, no longer will something ever be just repeated on the internet but there will be a chain of custody of ideas all the way back the source of that information.  
@_date: 2015-04-12 04:20:57
Governments and private central banks only have the authority to make the legal framework over the authorized money system.  They can't control bitcoin.  Their only point of control is in making it hard for the authorized money lenders to keep the heat off unless they go over board with "know they customer" and homeland security bullshit.  The only laws that they can use are about laundering money or funding terrorism but they will continue to find all kinds of legal framework to bitblock your cock.  THEIR ONLY CONTROL MECHANISM LEFT is the interface between fiat and bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-11 00:10:56
I read it as intended that the hack is what allowed the email to originate from coinbase
@_date: 2015-04-14 18:32:30
it is in nature deflationary after the initial mining is complete.  Until then there is a gold rush.  IN THE LAST GREAT GOLD RUSH eggs sold for $100 in gold a piece.  The Klondike had so much gold chasing so few goods that SALT was worth it's weight in gold.  However once the low hanging fruit was taken and lots of millionaires were made things begin to stablize in time until the next major gold rush.  
That doesn't mean SELL - it means BTC is coming out faster than there is demand to use it.  In 2-5 years things will stabilize.  Until then buying is a LONG TERM investment because there will be continual downward pressure.
@_date: 2015-04-05 23:48:17
you are thinking of an old world where the coffee vendor needs to convert to fiat to complete transaction in order to pay bills/buy supplies/pay employees/pay tax.  The future crypto will be far more in demand than fiat.
@_date: 2015-03-16 11:56:01
some places having an open wifi is your defense because it could be anyone passing by and the mac addresses and host names are all different.   however some ISPs will still shut you off for corporate rules and some cities have laws such as 3 strikes that disconnect users from internet after so many infractions to their IP even if it can't be connected to any user in the household.  They are trying to force people to put passwords on their own device even if it should be their choice.
@_date: 2015-03-28 11:17:47
i use gyft a lot and I know why.  Using bitcoin is a pain.  People forget that one wallet sends a miners fee automatically or when one has to be added manually, suddenly a missing .0001 btc is 20 minutes of emails and tech support and find your refund btc address send refund and likely lose money in the fluctuation of the price from purchase agreement to refund to repurchase 
all because it isn't streamlines... having a coinbase wallet handle it is streamlined.
There will be better solutions but for now accepting btc is a PAIN in the ass for all companies so don't complain that they want to do it this way, they are doin the best they can we are STILL VERY EARLY.
@_date: 2015-03-16 03:21:13
yeah I'm never in any of this for actual gain, more for the sharing and the practice of a pay it forward if you can.
@_date: 2015-03-16 11:54:05
@_date: 2015-03-16 03:05:10
I suppose that is one way.  BTC users would recognize it as an address or at least test the address.  Can network IDs be that long?  
I think there should be a sleuthier way however the hell you spell sleuth...
Even having 'btc', or open in the name is too overt for my taste.  I'm old enough to remember early on when chalk on the sidewalk meant an open connection was around - then people had cars with gps and started making maps for the first time open to anyone on google maps called it "war chalking, and war driving".  Don't know where the name came from.
My point is I want it to be just for people in the know and not necessarily advertized or "pushed" in any way.  When it comes to Law an Contracts and Corporations it is when you ask for money they get on you.  Just like holding a sign in many places that says "anything helps" is fine, or play guitar with an open case, but if you ask for money or put a $ symbol on it then police will enforce commercial zone laws.
Let's say I register my router's IP address on a 3rd party website.  People in the BTC, Rad Decentralization, and darknetplan realms would maybe be the type that if they pick up a wifi they should just go to this address and be connected with the wifi owners terms (maybe they ask you not to stream in 720p but 400 and below is okay) and then be given a unique address they can donate to.  Each user having unique addresses will serve both parties privacy better than the name being full address.