@_author: 5figuresisstillcheap
@_date: 2015-11-07 14:00:36


THIS. Why are "big blockers" missing this crucial point?
@_date: 2015-11-07 03:24:15
eragmus pretty much delivered the red pill on bigger blocks.
Yes, we all want to see Bitcoin take over the world, BUT not as a trade off for a loss of decentralization. Mining is already centralized, you guys really want to have centralized nodes as well? If you do this, its game over, what part of this you don't get? You'll have a couple buildings of Mr Entrepreneur millionaire guy running a shit ton of nodes that can be bribed for money/shoot with a couple missiles and there goes your network.
The best defense is being spread all over the place, small targets that are as anonymous as possible. In other words a single person being able to run a full node. This is how a network will survive for ages, no matter what governments may decide about it. And you are delusional if you think governments (and other ruling economical monopolies) will not eventually excerpt pressure to shape Bitcoin however they want if they don't like where things are going, and having centralized nodes is a fatal weakness. I mean have some perspective and look where things are going. In a matter of decades there will be no cash. Do you think they are going to leave Bitcoin around co-existing with their closed source alternative unless it does what their agenda dictates? Just wake up. There is a war going on right now. What enemy would Jamie Dimon prefer, an enemy that has targets spread worldwide and are hard to pretty much impossible to attack effectively, or a couple of private groups where he can knock knock on and give the guys all the fiat they want in exchange of favors, and if they don't agree, knock knock'ing with guns?
Bitcoin is more than going to VISA levels and making it 1 million per coin. Bitcoin is about decentralization and saying a big fuck you to the banksters. By centralizing nodes (which is what those big ass blocks will eventually deliver) you are getting buttfucked by TPTB, once again.
Unfortunately, not everything can go on-chain, it's simply unsustainable. Even with big blocks. LN presents a decent workaround. Of course not ideal because the only thing that's ideal, is having everything on-chain, including a cup of coffee transaction, but we'll never reach VISA levels that way. In 14 years, do you think VISA will have the current levels? Nope. We need something like LN to get to the ridiculous amounts of tx/s that we need to take over the world + having the actual blockchain as decentralized as possible. 
Don't worry, we'll get the insane price per BTC too in a decade or two as well, precisely because being able to move wealth within a true decentralized economy will be insanely valuable in a cashless society. The fees, will always be WAY cheaper than any other alternative Western Union and friends may come up with.
If there is ever a Bitcoin killer, it will be the one that allows for all-on-chain transactions with global level payment tx/s volume, but good fucking luck trying to deliver such system with the robustness of Bitcoin! to reach that level of security you need hard work, that's what PoW is and that's why im not worried about "Bitcoin 2.0".
Where the efforts should be put now is at giving people some sort of incentive to run more nodes, we need tons of new nodes. The current amount is already low, the least thing we need is alienating people even more.
Then we need increased anonymity (confidential transactions already in the work and more).
Remember that Satoshi said "p2p cash", go read the whitepaper again.
Remember,  priority is decentralized nodes, compromising this priority is a fatal flaw.