@_author: 5tzr
@_date: 2019-04-22 05:48:23
I had a hell of a time transferring some money between banks the other day--absurd.
@_date: 2019-04-26 01:44:30
May the best coin win!  Remember don't cry, compete!
@_date: 2019-04-25 23:23:20


No, you're supposed to realize to scale, it's best to test. 


Your third statement is mostly an ad hominem attack against Roger Ver.   From my point of view, not scaling beyond 1MB was the attack.  Roger and others claiming Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin is a legitimate claim for those that believe it should have scaled on-chain.  


It simply is.  Just like cries about the censorship here.  


Yes a test was successful up to 20 WHOLE MB!  Why again is the Bitcoin chain stuck with such small blocks?  It's called right sizing.   


That's your point of view just like it's their point of view that this sub moderates heavily and removes bad think.   Their point of view is that Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.  A large part of me agrees with that especially since Lightning is nowhere near prime time ready.  Get that working and I might change my mind.  
I'm not sure how long you've been around but I can tell you flat out there are a LOT of bad actors in The censorship to enforce good think is nuts imo.
@_date: 2019-04-24 23:05:24
CTOR has nothing to do with 0-conf.  The compression rates they are getting on blocks with CTOR using xthin/graphene are huge.  This means far more on-chain transactions.  The results are real and documented.


I don't think that is a surprise right now.  It's best to prepare for the future.  
I disagree with your third point.  
BCH is just people that wanted right sized blocks.  Blocks that work in the real world.  I was there and I am one of these people.  The Core group didn't want this and they campaigned hard.  Good for them.  Now make it work.  Don't cry about it being unfair.   Make it work.  I own both coins and this is what I'd like to see.  
From my point of view there is a lot of propaganda on this sub and a lot of hatred on the other sub.  This sub and core has made their own bed by being extremely inflexible and dogmatic so we'll see which works.  
I own both coins so I really don't care.  That's my honest assessment.   
Roger is just a guy with deep pockets that also really, really didn't want to see the adoption of bitcoin slow to a crawl because of small blocks and high fees--which happened.
@_date: 2019-04-24 17:55:14
LN either stands on it's own or not.  If the other coin has figured out a way to do cheap transactions on-chain with reasonable decentralization then more power to them.  Apparently those devs have been hard at work on something called Graphene which does that.  
I'm all for Bitcoin and Lightning but the devs better hurry up and get things like amp and watchtowers going.  I haven't even seen any code for amp.