@_author: 61-8
@_date: 2017-10-15 15:07:22
When it comes to mainstream investors, risk is the top priority (or it should be). Therefore there are much less risky assets to invest in. It’s all about long term consistency and if they are consistent there is no need to trade or invest in assets that appear as bubbles (even if it’s not).  For me and many others the problem is liquidity, if it does fall can how quickly can I liquidate my position? With major, highly liquid assets I can reduce or remove a position very quickly (for major pairs it’s less than a second) if there is a shift in technical &amp; fundamental analysis. 
I believe a lot of people will make money from this however there is a cocky ness that appears in new traders during a bull run, later down the line they will lose most of the money gained due to the mindset that they cannot lose when looking to invest in the next trend or idea they believe in. 
Personally I see many positives for bitcoin, but there is just too many negatives, I would rather put my money elsewhere and earn a consistent return rather than just a quick one.  2 main points for investing is Risk &amp; Diversification, many crypto traders only trade in crypto leaving there money very exposed. 
This isn’t to bash anyone, just hopefully open peoples eyes, risk less - diversify more
It’s long hours and hard work but I love it! 
@_date: 2017-10-16 07:22:20
My comment answers the questions you asked. You could do that, however this is where liquidity is important. So lets say you want to invest 1.5% of the account in crypto, to keep it simple i split my investment 3 ways - crypto 1 - 0.5% / crypto 2 - 0.5% / crypto 3 - 0.5%. Now lets say there is a fundamental factor that causes 2 of these to sink and crypto 1 isnt affected as much. because of the correlation the drawdown could put me in a loss overall and i may have huge slippage without liquidity and scale. When i trade the USD it is always in demand, so even if it sinks i can liquidate a position very quickly. 
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:15:38
The problem with this is that many of them are highly correlated, its not diversified enough. If you are trading short term then thats not a problem but if we are investing over a medium to long term then it is. Its almost like diversifying across oil companies Exxon, shell etc its still within the same industry with exposure to similiar fundamentals. At the very maximum i would allow 2% on trades i have a high conviction on. I only hedge to reduce exposure to specific fundamental events, even then 99% of the time i would just close or scale-out of a trade anyway. If you are just going to hedge there is no point in opening the trade in the first place.
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:21:29
I dont think the current global economic outlook is very rosy at the moment, there are plenty of cracks which are on timeline until they split open, so yes i do partly agree that currently there are many assets that are generally considered secure that arent so secure. I have nothing against bitcoin itself, and it does have the potential to fix a number of problems that exist with fiat currency but bitcoin is designed to work without regulation and what i am seeing at the moment is plenty of governing bodies working out how to regulate it, or go to the extremes we have seen in china. One thing to bear in mind is there are plenty of crypto-currencys out there, how do we know bitcoin will be the primary one if the fundamentals do improve? But like i said before, i like a safety net of liquidity if things go wrong, im not interested until that changes.
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:54:00
Thankyou for your well rounded opinion. You are correct, posting here will not help me get in at a lower price since it is an entity with multiple market participants which i dont have the capital required to control the market. However i choose not to invest at a lower price before and the fundamental picture hasn't improved so i would still make the same decision now but thankyou for your concern.