@_author: 72_hairy_virgins
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:31:44
Unlike crypto. They also hoard a number of other commodities, because they will continue to have value in the future irrespective of currency swings. Crypto has no value other than what is assigned to it by those buying into it.
@_date: 2018-01-05 13:55:21
People only shifted to the "store of value" argument one it was clear Bitcoin would never become a real currency. What makes it a store of value, other than speculation on price? 
Limited supply means nothing, especially since it's artificially limited - if a large enough proportion of Bitcoin miners agreed, the limit could be changed or removed entirely. 
The only reason people can even claim that it's a store of value is because a consistent influx of new speculators has kept pumping the price up. If, or rather when, the number of new people entering drops off and demand decreases, the price of Bitcoin will fall. And then it will be a destroyer of value, not a store of value.
Any currency could be a "store of value". If that's all Bitcoin is then it's useless. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 22:54:22
Yah? So what. I'm saying Bitcoin isn't valid as a currency or store of value and my not respecting Austrian economics as the absolute authority is the problem? That's a little funny. I thought it obvious I'm going against the grain for this sub. 
Also, it'd be more like me going to the Vatican and calling the Bible rubbish. Just take a gander at my username to see how reverent I am towards religion ;) I'm not too concerned about going against the hive, I only care to argue what I think is accurate.  
It has no bearing on my argument really. Either it is or it isn't a valid argument, venue doesn't change things.
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:21:54
Which has intrinsically limited supply, as well as significant actual uses, and a tangible value as a unique metal (soft, shiny, yellow, and doesn't corrode).
Gold is also not used as a currency anymore, due to deflationary nature (encourages hoarding), limited divisibility, etc. It also has a much greater likelihood of retaining value in the future than crypto. I'm fairly certain gold will be valued at similar levels to current $/ounce in 2118 as it is now (accounting for inflation), while crypto could very easily drop to $0. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 20:37:36
Wrong. Bitcoin is neither store of value nor useful in payments.
Not sure what your point even is bringing up that issue, as I clearly said before that I see it as neither, and my primary argument was that the "store of value" claim is bogus. The fact it's not effective as a currency for transactions seems to be an accepted fact even by most Bitcoiners, given the high transaction fees and delays.
I don't have time to lay out a full debate on the issue, but I have a degree in economics and find the idea of just quoting "this school says this, so there" pretty amusing. Austrian economics isn't exactly on the forefront, nor is a concept proven fact simply "because Austrian economics says so". 
Before even debating that though you'd need to prove Bitcoin as a store of value, which isn't done simply because its price has happened to rise significantly.
I don't know who this Roger guy is.
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:32:10
A hedge against stock volatility is what you've called it, which is kind of retarded if you're talking about something far *more* volatile. If you want to avoid volatility you'll want something *less* volatile.
Exchanges have everything to do with Bitcoin in a practical sense, considering that no one is living their entire life through Bitcoin - so everyone involved needs to use exchanges.
Learn to be skeptical.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:35:12
Stocks are far less volatile than Bitcoin lmao. 
And most secure? In the last several years more exchanges have fallen due to people running off with millions of dollars worth of coins than have survived without having been compromised. Name one exchange that has been around for 9 years... 
Lightning network doesn't matter until/unless it is actually implemented and actually results in fast and cheap transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:00:36
No one is investing in crypto if all they're doing is buying coins. That's not investing. It's not even investing if it's between traditional currencies (in my view). It's speculation, or in other words, gambling.
The money being transacted is not being used by the recipient to create value, in exchange for giving the payer more money later. It's simply rent-seeking behavior, looking to gain on price appreciation of a so called asset.
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:35:40
Aren't we cool, guyz. Other currency is fiat and fiat is bad, Bitcoin is good because ~~it's the currency of the future~~ it's a store of value!
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:07:20
You actually have far more insight into the future of a currency like the USD or Euro than you do any crypto. 
However, trading crypto isn't investing. Forex isn't either, it's mostly good for hedging, but otherwise is purely speculative. 
Crypto is a huge gamble that makes day trading in penny stocks look like a conservative/safe approach.
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:30:01
Bitcoin is far more volatile than stocks, which is a bad thing if seeking less risk, which is what you want to do when the stock market is tanking, you fucking dumbass. You'd only be mitigating losses if crypto moved opposite of stocks, which isn't a reasonable assumption, at all. If you're seeking less risk you go for assets with lower standard deviation (volatility), not higher.
You're probably thinking of diversifying to avoid correlation, but are new to playing make believe investor so you don't know what you're actually doing yet. It's ok, we all learn somehow, and "diversify" is still a good thing to have learned even if you could have learned it from pretty much any movie involving the stock market.
Learn basic investing. I did, spent 6 years doing it professionally. Bitcoin speculation isn't investing.
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:34:23
Nope, many have uses other than being speculated on. Gold is useful in circuit boards and many other applications, real estate is also an asset. Delete Bitcoin and no one will give a shit other than those who've put money into it. Delete all real estate records and you'll have utter chaos.
@_date: 2017-12-25 06:47:41


The fuck are you loonies smoking? Not easy to just leave a country, and all over a stupid gamble on Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:56:44
Do *you* understand the tech? Not the whitepaper or blockchain, how and why it is valued at $6,000? If you can't provide an explanation better than "supply and demand" I wouldn't be so arrogant with your proclamations - you're just speculating and have been fortunate. 
Investing = you know why the value should increase, and so far I've only seen speculators here, aside from some theorizing that it will take off as a global currency, which isn't an explanation since there's no correlation between places accepting bitcoin and the value. In fact, I've noticed more notable companies *ceasing* acceptance of Bitcoin than beginning acceptance, such as Dell. I don't buy that as a driver for a minute.
I think it's primarily speculation-driven: price rises, people get interested and buy, raising the price, repeat. The limited supply leads to rising price. That's *never* a sustainable pattern though - no value is being created or provided.
@_date: 2017-10-21 10:43:36
Supply and demand isn't an answer though, it's an effect - it's like saying someone won the race because they were faster around the track than the other guys. What I'm getting at is, what is driving the demand? Calling out skeptics for "not understanding the tech" is misguided if the best you have is speculation. That's not enough for investors in most other investments either. If price is only rising because of speculative demand then they're right to be nervous, because that will almost always end in a crash. 
You can't brag about being right because the price has kept rising if you don't have a better argument for why it's rising than they have to be skeptical - you just gambled and it paid off, it wasn't a result of any analysis of the market. Mocking others for not having made the same gamble, or having been skeptical is arrogant.
@_date: 2017-10-21 16:45:40
Why would I use Bitcoin as a currency over USD? Ignoring deflation/inflation, because deflation actually hurts usage of Bitcoin as currency (if 1btc is worth $6,000 today and $7,000 tomorrow I'm not going to spend that BTC, I'm going to sit on it).
Using USD via CC or even cash is easy and fast and is accepted literally everywhere in the US. Inflation isn't a real concern in the US, although it is in places like Venezuela. Beating inflation with investments is easy enough, and an inflationary currency increases spending and investment relative to a hyper-deflationary currency like Bitcoin. 
I just don't see it taking off as a currency, and worry about those who have leverage over it more than I do the US government controlling the USD. There is enough concentration of BTC holdings and computing power (mining ops) that is an unknown quantity, and unlike some people I trust the anonymous community far less than government, especially insomuch as that community is influenced by nations hostile to my ideals such as China (anti-free speech, authoritarian, etc). That's a concern to me since the majority of mining power and trading volume of BTC is in China (or was, if that's changed recently?) and if they control enough of the system they can alter it. 
If it's going to be used as a currency, it'll have to get faster too - transferring USD to BTC took far too long when I threw a little pocket change in the mix. Assuming transactions take similar amounts of time to confirm with goods and services as they do for currency exchange it's got a lot of work to be done still...
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:10:31
Probably largely about taxes too... Easier to dodge taxes with cash and BTC than credit.
Or is this referring to BTC fees rather than CC fees? Are BTC fees higher than CC somehow? If so, good fuckin luck w/ acceptance as currency.......