@_author: 7leven
@_date: 2018-11-25 18:47:53
Enterprise blockchains aren't bullshit. 
Enterprise blockchains themselves are moreso development frameworks allowing them to be custom tailored to whatever is needed for a business. This means they can be just as open and free as Bitcoin, or as closed and centralized as the company sees fit. It's customizability is why those Enterprise blockchains are on the rise.
But it seems like most people here have done little to no research on those blockchains, and just decided allowed our position in Bitcoin to blind them.
@_date: 2018-11-25 23:02:37
Thats just one enterprise chain you found, and it wasn't even the enterprise chains I referenced in my original post.
If the doorman has little to no rules, then its virtually permissionless. And thats what I'm talking about when I say that once an open source enterprise blockchain is released, if the developers allowed it to be permissionless then its going to be permissionless.
Likewise, if you're truly needing a blockchain with permissionless smart contracts, Ethereum smart contracts are now supported by AWS through their Ethereum templates. Likewise, Ethereum smart contracts can be deployed on Hyperledger and Quorum. (And you can of course just run it on the base Ethereum blockchain too, but we're talking about Enterprise chains here)
If these enterprise blockchains need to be permission-less and public, they very well can be. Again, they're open source frameworks that are generally more versatile than previous Crypto-based blockchains.
**Edit:**  
I am not against the permissionless blockchain Bitcoinh as developed whatsoever. And I agree that its generally a better chain than enterprise chains. I'm merely saying that these Enterprise chains are getting traction from other businesses that may have otherwised looked to use Bitcoin or Ethereum, and I feel it could be detrimental to Bitcoin's growth in the future.
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:39:05
Enterprise blockchains matter because they've become easier to use than Bitcoin for business utility, and are more reliable. 
This means that any sort of business application or utility Bitcoin once had the potential for is now gone or very slim, because companies have begun using a "competitor" of Bitcoin. ETH benefitted from this sort of utility greatly, and it would certainly have helped Bitcoin grow if they could have competed as well. But now both ETH and BTC are losing to these enterprise blockchains. 
  
Segwit was upgraded by the miners themselves. That was one of the big reasons Segwit was an issue because the Miners did not want to upgrade their pools. They had a ton of influence on whether or not the update was going to happen. 
In the article/podcast I've linked below, NPR journalists investigate and find that developers in Bitcoin as far back as 2013 has qualms with miners who did not want to upgrade their pools/systems. 
[Bitcoin Divided](
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:35:11
Well, I'm doubtful we'll see parabolic movement again now that governments are attempting to regulate it much more than ever before + institutions are now in the game. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 06:44:43
I agree with what you're saying. 
And I probably am too optimistic with this post if we're talking about people generally understanding Blockchain. 
The whole point of this post is to validate my findings, and hopefully get feedback to prove them wrong. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 18:50:04
It's not a contradiction. 
Enterprise blockchains are simply blockchain development frameworks that allow business to design their own blockchain for their own specific needs. It can be industry wide or hidden within their company. It's customizability is what's garnering the attention of businesses.
@_date: 2018-11-25 07:33:11
Futures contracts do NOT need to be closed. A futures contract can be "rolled forward", meaning the maturity or "end date" of the contract is extended. This can be done indefinitely, and is done quite frequently in commodities trading, etc, when following a trend. 
You're right, short positions certainly do not affect the demand for the underlying asset. But institutions, or the vast majority of them, do not value Bitcoin highly. Their demand for Bitcoin is much lower than ours despite being in the market for Bitcoin. So while shorts don't directly affect the market, they're certainly not helping demand and definitely make the market more volatile when it comes to pronounced down-spikes. (FUD, etc)
@_date: 2018-11-25 06:29:58
As I stated, I'd rather be corrected and be wrong. But you've just told me I've wrong and not told me why. If you don't want to thats one story, but at least be civil about it and not sarcastic.   
That being said, I do think I have a good understanding of how mining works and how Bitcoin works.
Likewise, when I stated that the bears are overpowering the bulls, I merely meant that the bears are currently pulling the market down due to their short positions, the bears being institutions.   
If I'm wrong, tell me how. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:29:14
The technology is free to use. It's open source just as Bitcoin is. So no, they aren't selling any of these Enterprise blockchains. 
And I don't think the environment the blockchain is used in has anything to do with whether or not it's bullshit, Satoshi never said a word about that. Corporations are applying blockchain for problems that can be solved with a blockchains consensus. That doesn't make this any less of a blockchain. I just think you're against Blockchain being used in a corporate environment at all.
The banks do understand how Bitcoin works. And it's for that very reason the banks are shorting the shit out of Bitcoin right now.  
