@_author: 7thkingdom
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:19:41
You're in over your head.  What you did is textbook panic buying when things are going good and panic selling when things are going bad (aka, the exact opposite of what you're supposed to do).
Don't try to trade your coins.  You clearly don't have the knowledge to do so (not trying to offend you, just speaking honestly).  That said, your decision should come down to whether or not you believe in bitcoin.  Either you do, or you don't.  If you do, hold.  If you don't, sell and find something less volatile to put your money into.
However, if you can't afford to lose it all you've already broken rule  (don't invest more than you're prepared to lose).
Bitcoin is not for the feint of heart, especially when you're playing with your life savings.  If you do plan to hold, just realize you are putting all your money at risk and be willing to accept that.  Then turn off all electronic devices and don't look at the BTC price again for a year+, or else I fear you may be tempted to make more poor decisions.
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:14:56
Agreed.  Which is why FIFO was suggested by the tax guy on the forums, because for the moment, it is probably the easiest way for most people (as most people probably have addresses with a mishmash of coins purchased at different prices).
But it won't be that way for ever, and I believe better personal accounting and tracking of coins is going to happen down the road.  And it will all be vastly simplified by software that does 99.99% of the legwork for you (via the method I described above).
For individuals that kept their coins on separate addresses from the get go, this kind of specific tax reporting is already possible (though not reasonably to the degree I used in my original example).  It would just take a little more individual legwork to spend from the correct addresses when you want to make a purchase.  But give it time, and things will simplify even more.
In the long term, the OP is exactly correct.  This is a short term hassle but a long term win.
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:03:02
If you want to get bitcoin involved with the world cup, why not use it to actually help the people in Brazil who are being fucked over by FIFA and their government.
The world cup (and Olympics in 2 years) are a joke and an expense nightmare for the people of Brazil.  They can even feed and house their people, but they can spend billions on stadiums that will be vacant in 5 years.
You want to do something to promote bitcoin, do something of actual value and help the people.  Don't waste the money on a bunch of cheap silly branding gimmicks.
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:23:46
You mean the inevitable decline after the meteoric rise to over $1,000?  Yeah, why would anyone with even a hint of common sense foresee that.  I mean, 10x growth per month isn't sustainable and means bitcoins were probably overbought?  Well shit, I'm not a seer.
Sarcasm aside, even IF they were caught off guard by the decline, there was still no reason a halfway decent investor couldn't have leveraged their risk and saved some room to invest if the price dropped.    With that much money to throw around, it should have been cake to make up a huge chunk of those losses as the price declined.  There have been plenty of easy to predict (yes, easy to predict) large swings in price of $100-200 that were just begging to be taken advantage of.
Many people have managed to turn a profit over the last 2 months as the market has declined.  While that may not have been possible with that large of a holding, at the very least they should have been able to realize a better than 35% loss from where they invested.
It was a foolish decision to invest when they did from start to finish.  It didn't take a genius to see that.
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:49:12
You're right on point though.  This is not a problem with bitcoin, this is a problem with the english language.
In this specific example the OP provides, "hey guys" is a second person plural pronoun.  Unfortunately, we don't have many alternatives here in modern english.  Old english used to use the word "ye" which filled this part of speech (and I believe was non gender specific), but it went the way of the dodo about the same time as the word "thou".
So these days, our only alternatives are hey all, hey ya'll, hey yous, and hey youse.  And lets be honest, "hey all" is about the only one that doesn't sound completely idiotic.  And even that sounds kinda hokey.  The rest are just awful.  So don't blame bitcoin, blame english and modern connotations.  And if OP really hates it that much, perhaps he should invent a new word to fill the void of gender neutral second person plural pronoun and get it to catch on.  Until then, "hey guys" is perfectly acceptable.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:34:17
How about we get Sean's Outpost to go international and help out all those poor people that have been screwed over by the Brazilian government and FIFA in order to make these games happen.
Billions of dollars are going into infrastructure for these games (and the 2016 summer olympics) while locals get completely neglected (and in some cases shanty towns are being completely destroyed and people evicted because they don't look good).  5 years from now, these stadiums are going to be ghost towns and the Brazilian natives are going to be left absolutely devastated from the costs.  It's should be criminal to do what FIFA, the IOC, and these national governments are doing.
If bitcoin were to have a presence on this stage, I would hope it would be for humanitarian rights.  I can think of no better use for bitcoin (and all crypto currencies) than to be used to help out those whom have been neglected and tossed to the curb by their governments.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:52:19
In a 5 sentence span, the author managed to use the phrase "last week" 4 times.  At this point, I don't care if you want to come out and bash bitcoin with completely incorrect information and/or a poor understanding of what bitcoin actually is.  That's par for the course.  But at least be good at English.  Sucking at both is just inexcusable.
**"The bubble eventually popped and before last week the value of a bitcoin had collapsed to "only" about $600.**
**But bitcoin's problems are much more serious than a mere speculative bubble.**
**As of last week, bitcoin is probably functionally finished as a serious hope of ever achieving mass acceptance as a currency.**
**Because last week, someone stole half a billion dollars worth of bitcoins from Mt. Gox, the world’s oldest bitcoin exchange.**
**So here's what happened to bitcoin last week:"**
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:28:05
I wonder how many of the coins TD receives during this offer they're holding.  I'd wager they're keeping a few that are coming in during this time when the price is so low.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:29:13
Yes, there needs to be some sort of accredited audit of these companies and exchanges.
They do that, and they will rightfully gain the trust of the people.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:20:46
This is what happens when there is no accountability in the MSM and the only goal is readers/viewers/etc.  They can (and will) report whatever the hell they want in the most sensationalist manner possible.
We need to stop calling any for profit news source news, as it's an abomination to the definition of what news is supposed to be.  Let's just call it what it is, entertainment.
@_date: 2014-03-14 13:59:11
I'm not sure you understand what intrinsic means.
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:29:33
You got him, he's a big bad Jew!
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:08:03
Moot, every cent of theft and fraud ultimately comes out of the consumers pockets in the form of higher prices and fees.  It may appear like we're protected, but in reality we're just slowly being robbed fractions at a time.  Just one example, when a consumer issues a chargeback, the bank refunds them and then charges the merchant for the funds.  The merchant in turn increases prices to make up their lost margin.  It is a zero sum game.  In the long run, we always pay.
That said, this is not an argument against bitcoin.  This is an argument against poor infrastructure.  No one's denying that.  The price and exposure of bitcoin has far outgrown the network of services being built up around it.  It is a slow process that is currently lagging.  This has reesulted in poor security and confusing interfaces the average person doesn't understand.
Nothing about that criticism is fundamental to bitcoin.  The foundation of bitcoin does not prohibit exactly what you're seeking to eventually grow up around it.  It's just not there yet, it takes time.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:54:14
While I fully support the idea of a reddit/youtube/facebook style micro payment system linked to bitcoin where users can voice their opinion on content (by liking or upvoting or whatever) and help make it more or less popular by doing so (while "paying" the content creator as a result), there still needs to be some incentive for the middle man to host these content creators.
I think a direct system where users can reward content creators is huge.  But like it or not, there is still a middle man involved here.
As for youtube ads, adblock is fantastic lol
@_date: 2014-02-16 02:05:37
This article nailed it...
"The greed and dishonesty never change; the techniques just keep evolving. Wolves like to eat. For sure, they are harder to spot these days... Today’s wolves are much greedier and much more sophisticated. They are faceless, anonymous cyber-criminals."
Indeed, the wolves are crafty... These days they hide behind elected officials and use money to influence legislation in order to rig the system and further their business goals.  All the while using their ownership of mass media to report "news" that distorts the truth (or outright lies) in an attempt to keep the people from learning the corrupt nature of the system.
Oh wait, they've been doing that for centuries?  Oh, well, um,  now they can do it on the internet under the umbrella of reporting as well!
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:24:10
Long answer - No one has access to all that power.  That is what being decentralized means.  Everyone who contributes to the network has control over their own system.  Together they make up the entire network, but there is no one standing in the middle of it pulling the strings.  The code is all open source and everyone running it is agreeing to a clear set of rules.  You can't just magically take that computing power and use it for whatever the hell you want on a whim.  That's nonsensical.
Medium Answer - Ummmmm, No... You question shows a clear misunderstanding of what exactly bitcoin is.  I'd strongly suggest you do further reading and research on your own before getting more involved so that you may understand it better.
Short Answer - Not possible.
@_date: 2014-04-09 13:40:03
Who the hell knows.
The same way states have begun to legalize marijuana while its still illegal federally.
It becomes a matter of whether or not the fed wants to spend the resources to try to enforce their laws on the states and piss them off.  Or if they're just going to take a hands off approach (as they have said they're doing w/ MJ) and let the states regulate themselves how they want.
@_date: 2014-04-03 00:48:38
No ones requiring you to report your taxes (well, besides the government that is).  By all means, if you don't want to claim your gains (or losses) to the IRS, don't.  The truth is, unless you're a big fish, they probably don't give a crap about you anyway and you have nothing to worry about.
I was merely providing a realistic scenario for how this will all turn out for those that do plan on complying with taxes.  Because while you may not like "big brother", you are being a little naive if you don't think a PUBLIC LEDGER provides a very good tool for just that.
That said, I'm sure there will also be plenty of innovation in the anonymous private spending department as well if that's more your style.  Ways to stay under the radar and spend your coins without being hassled at every turn by the government.  I have no doubt Innovation on that front is coming in due time.
The question the OP asked however, was about taxes and how you should go about accounting for them.  So I answered accordingly.
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:42:59
fyi, "an" is used if the word following it starts with a vowel (a, e, i, o, u, and sometimes y).  "A" is used if the word following it starts w/ a consonant.
If it's for a school project, you should probably try to avoid continually making this mistake, as it looks pretty bad.
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:21:07
The public address is just that, public.  It is the address other people use to send you coins.  It is the address you used to fund that wallet.
You can enter it anywhere, no strings attached.
You don't even have to import it into the watch feature.  You can just view it via the search function on the main page.  That said, if you'd like to watch it, that's fine too.  All you're doing when you do that is viewing that address.  It's like standing outside a vault looking in.  You're not really doing anything, just looking.
It just saves it to your log in so you can always see it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:27:52
This article ignores a critical factor.  That I can store my bitcoins personally without relying on any single entity besides the network itself.  So long as the entire bitcoin network doesn't go down (which, given the decentralized nature of bitcoin, would essentially require the internet at large to go down) I am not at risk to ANY 3rd party.
That is the point, there is no counterparty risk if you don't want there to be.  Bitcoin doesn't require anyone to hold your keys except you.  People who chose to leave their keys in the hands of 3rd parties for ease of use are taking a risk.  They are trading security for convenience.
Naturally, because bitcoin is still new, that counterparty risk is higher than it will be as the technology matures and less risky institutions get on board.  Which is why many many many people have advocated for a long time to avoid places like Gox, because the risk was apparent.
At the end of the day though, this article literally misses the key point of the protocol.  That, if you so choose, you can eliminate all counterparty risk.  You are not required to subject yourself to 3rd parties that run exchanges or other entities, doing so is a choice.  This article makes it seem like that is the only option, which is to completely misunderstand bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-04 12:18:25
Sure you can, so long as the bid winner sends a message through ebay with the public key.  Yes, ebay has wrongly reversed transactions in the past when people were selling bitcoin on the site, but that was when it was still a gray area to begin with.
I imagine if ebay was going to officially give the ok to deal in bitcoins, they'd also properly understand how to handle fraud claims and delivery issues.
Not that I'd be the guinea pig to try it out, but I have to think common sense would prevail.  Otherwise it'll be a mess.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:15:15
Maybe he meant to say "turning off point"
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:35:43
your point?
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:55:34
I'd love for the bitcoin community to show Senator Manchin just how disruptive bitcoin can be... by coming out in droves to fund whoever his opponent is in the next election.
That would be oh so sweet.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:26:24
The confirmation code is the code generated by the bit-card company.  It is based on the intermediate code you send them, which in turn is based on the passphrase you choose.
Basically, it is a way to ensure the private key generated was generated from your passphrase and not someone elses.
Here's how it works.  You create a passphrase (offline, using the client side version of  and an intermediate code is generated.  This intermediate code is an encrypted code associated with your passphrase that you can now send to someone else without having to actually reveal your passphrase.
So you then send the intermediate code to bit-card and they use this code to generate a private key that is associated with your passphrase, without ever actually knowing your passphrase.
Besides an encrypted private key for your use, the intermediate code also generates a confirmation code.  The confirmation code is used by you (again, offline on the client side version of bit2factor.org) to verify that it was in fact your intermediate code/passphrase that was used to create the private key, and not someone elses intermediate code.
Basically, it enables you to confirm your private passphrase is actually associated with the private key they sent you, without having to actually bring the wallet online to confirm (which of course, would defeat the purpose of cold storage).
Hope that makes sense.
Check out  to help understand the process better.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:12:33
MtGox collapse is GREAT for pushing regulation.  This is the best thing that could have happened for the people who are pro regulation.
In fact, if I was into conspiracy theories, it'd make me think twice about the Bitcoin Foundations role in all of this.  It certainly would seem suspicious that they, as a group that has been very vocally pro regulation, happen to be founded by and associated with almost every major controversial individual.  And said controversies are only leading to more mass appeal towards regulation.  Considering the foundation's vocal stance on the matter, that's certainly very convenient for them.
Of course, this is only if I was inclined to believe such conspiracies.  Which is ridiculous, because we all know such shady actions would never be perpetrated by a foundation in such good standing.
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:03:12
As far as risks to bitcoin the currency go, I'm not particularly worried about this one, and I think anyone who is is being a little short sighted.  Why?
1) Wealth being dominated by a small group is nothing new, it's been that way for all of human history (and still is today).  Is it optimal? Probably not, but it's not a killer either.  Likewise, most would consider the shady actions of those who have wealth now to be "criminal".  Generations of wealth and power built on the exploitation of others.  That story goes back through all of human history.  The entire system is built so that "the rich get richer".  That's literally the foundation of our system, the game is rigged, and yet it goes on.
2) While I don't think anyone would argue theft is good, there is a clear reason it's been such a problem with bitcoin, and it is not a systemic risk at the core of the technology.  It is purely a result of the technology being so new that price and user adoption has far outpaced infrastructure.  That's what happens when speculation takes over, as it has historically with bitcoin.  The usefulness of the currency does not support the price.  Bitcoin is 100000% NOT user friendly.  It is complicated, even for those who are relatively smart.  And above all, it takes time to understand in its current implementation, and most people aren't capable of doing it on their own.
BUT, in the long run this is a moot point, because it will even out.  Security and trustworthy infrastructure simply hasn't had a chance to be properly developed yet, but it is coming (we're already seeing the early happenings).  MP3 players existed long before the iPod.  For all the bashing people do of Steve Jobs for his lack of technical knowledge, what they must realize is that the road to mainstream is paved with intuitive user interfaces and ease of use.  Jobs understood that better than anyone.  And bitcoin simply isn't there yet.  But given time, it will be.  There are tremendous opportunities for those willing/able to seize it in these areas.  Just look at the success of coinbase.  And that is just the beginning.  Security, intuitive ease of use, etc, are all coming slowly.  And as they do, the risk of theft and barrier to entry for normal people will all continue to lower.  It is a process.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:33:09
Breaking - Next years presidential election to be held on reddit.  Candidate with the most upvotes wins!
Early polls show Good Guy Greg in the lead by 1,500 upvotes.
@_date: 2014-03-11 18:43:23
You failed the logic test after your very first point...


You're literally arguing that the fact something is legal doesn't make it legal.  Read what you wrote again... "the fact that bitcoin has not been deemed illegal by the law does not make bitcoin legal".  Yes, yes it does.  It is legal until someone says it isn't.  The same can be said for any and everything.
The fact that it has not been deemed illegal means that it is not illegal.  That's not even an argument, that's common sense.  I'm not sure how you could possibly argue otherwise.
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:15:29
blockchain.info includes a default miners fee if you are using the quick send option.  I believe it is 0.0001 BTC (or about 6 cents).
You can't send the exact full amount on your address, because you will not be able to pay the fee.  Instead, send the full amount minus 0.0001.  That will leave the exact amount required to pay the fee, which is automatically deducted with the quick send option.
Your other choice is to use the custom send option, and try to do the transaction without a miners fee, though this will take longer and frankly isn't worth the hassle imo.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:42:22
Forget the sympathy.  We all have skin in the game.  He's choosing to leave, even though he's fortunate enough NOT to be stuck in the gox mess.  He should be thankful.  If he takes a loss now, that is 100% on him, and he wants sympathy?
I'll take advice over a shoulder to cry on any day of the week.
If he truly think this is the end of bitcoin, why did he get involved in the first place?  It makes no sense.
I was merely attempting to point out the rash nature of his decision, selling right into a mini panic when the bottom is very nearly in.  If he doesn't believe that to be the case and thinks its going down further, then sure, sell and take your loss.  But there are a lot of us who think the bad news of Gox was already strongly priced in, and the end of them is actually a good thing long term.
@_date: 2014-03-06 14:43:34
Well this topic could be a whole different discussion on its own.  I don't think there is any doubt there will come a time where we "don't accumulate wealth through traditional labor markets anymore."  Whether it happens in my lifetime or not can be debated, but what can't be debated is that eventually, mass technological unemployment is inevitable.
Throughout human history, we have become more and more efficient as we develop tools to replace what we previously had to do through manual labor.  On the one hand, this has caused periods of unemployment as economies shifted to entirely different structures, on the other, it always creates new avenues of employment.  We went from an agricultural economy to an industrial one to a white color one, and we're not going to stop here.  The majority of the jobs we do now will be outdated and done by machines in the near future.  It is inevitable.
Where we go from there, who knows.  But traditional labor markets as we know it will disappear.  The economy must shift.  How will our time be spent then?  What will our class system look like?  How will we accumulate wealth in this new economy?  It's anyone's guess, but times are a changing.  And those that spot the changes first and adapt will be the ones that come out on top.  Those that get stuck in old ways will fall behind.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:52:56
This isn't exactly true.  You can send someone an encrypted code using a site like bit2factor.org which they can then use to generate a public and private keypair.  Yes, they will know the encrypted private key, but they will not be able to spend any funds you send to that address because they wont know the passphrase.
@_date: 2014-04-04 01:11:53
Well my company works with magazines mostly, but the standard is each client is audited once a year.  Keep in mind, when we audit these magazines/newspapers/whatever, we're only taking a relatively small random sample for this type of testing.
We'll run queries on our clients databases to make sure there aren't duplicate subscriptions being counted or other such issues, but as far as contacting subscribers, it is a tiny sampling (unless there are issues which require further testing).  So especially for larger consumer magazines or newspapers with tons of circulation, your name is likely to never come up in one of these random test pulls in the first place.
But even if your info did randomly get selected, there's still a large chance you wouldn't know.  It all depends on the way in which you subscribed and the type of test we have to do.  For an online form like this, you'd likely wind up in the "email" test batch, in which case we run your email address through a program which simply makes sure the email itself is valid and there's no bounce back.  Assuming the address is real, that's confirmation enough.
There's other tests too.  Physical mail tests, which are usually a "negative" test.  Aka, unless we get a response specifically saying information is wrong, it's assumed to be right... Which I realize is ridiculous and pretty pointless as no one ever responds to shit like that anyway (and for all we know, they may never have even received the mail we sent them, which in some backwards way is confirmation they exist lol).
For phone calls, what actually happens is you'd have been previously contacted by a telemarketing company that is hired by the magazine/newspaper to get you to re-subscribe over the phone (and confirm your information hasn't changed from your original sign up).  All those calls are recorded, and then, if you are part of our test, we simply have people who listen to those recordings and make sure you did in fact ask to re-subscribe and confirmed all your information they have on record.  It's a terribly boring job and I feel bad for the people in my company who do it... listening to recorded conversations between telemarketers and subscribers all day.
You'd only ever actually be contacted by us if there was some sort of issue or discrepancy in our initial testing with what was claimed and what we heard/saw/etc when we tested your info.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:04:53
Silly, the gap between the rich and the poor has been widening for some time now.  It is beyond ridiculous, and not getting better anytime soon.
I'd argue the very core of the current system is money creates more money.  The foundation is built so that the rich get richer.
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:57:05
 
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:12:27
Come on, the dude even has "Shill" in his name.  Of course he's bashing bitcoin!
*Sorry, couldn't help myself.
@_date: 2014-03-23 20:49:31
Google trends is a lagging indicator.  Completely useless as a predictor.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:47:15
Seriously, I'm not sure what the point of that "report" was.  No one in their right mind is claiming bitcoin is just going to up and replace most payment systems anytime in the near future.  That's lunacy.
The technology is only a few years old, and really, has had mainstream attention for less than a year.  Most would consider the stage bitcoin is at now leaps and bounds beyond where they ever thought it would be at this time.  The strides bitcoin has made in the public eye in the last year are astounding, but that doesn't change how far there is to go and how many obstacles there are to pass.
It's like these people are coming up with arguments no one's actually making, and then pointing out the obvious reasons why those arguments are flawed.
Of course bitcoin in it's current state would utterly fail as a replacement for modern day fiat.  It's a technology that's a work in progress.  Growing, adapting, creating innovation.  To definitively declare the future will be one way because that is the way things are now is the definition of short sighted.  It's like looking at a baby picture with no other information available, and declaring they're too short to play in the NBA.  Well no shit, lets give it a few years.
@_date: 2014-03-18 12:45:19
Sadly there doesn't seem to be much interest in this.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:49:55
Single buyer was pumping up the market earlier with big buys and then dropping in walls behind his buys... did it for hours w/ minimal support until he finally got other people to come along.
But its still mostly just one big whale buying.
One day people will realize all the analysis in the world doesn't mean shit.  When a whale wants to move the market, they will do whatever they please.
@_date: 2014-02-28 01:43:45
I like the mission statement that appears directly next to the poll.
"The Fox Nation is for those opposed to intolerance, excessive government control of our lives..."
I'm no math major, but something here doesn't add up.
@_date: 2014-01-16 22:43:22
The problem is that people hoard bitcoins because they can't earn bitcoins.  Unless you are a miner, there is no way (or at least it is very difficult) for the average investor/believer to bring in bitcoins short of buying them on an exchange.
The problem is, there is no internal market for bitcoins (the few places reserved for selling things, like the bitmarket subreddit or similar subforums are badly neglected and/or filled with spam/scammers).  Everyone is waiting for external markets to adopt bitcoin but as we've seen, they only semi-adopt it, ala overstock, where they may claim they accept bitcoin, but they never actually hold any and those coins immediately get recycled into the exchange, rather than reinvested into the business.  This is rather redundant for bitcoin and not a particularly healthy or useful way for it to grow.
This causes people to feel the need to hoard, as the alternative to getting more bitcoin after you use them is to spend more money.
This is why I was so excited about bitcointip when I first read about it, because that is the exact type of service needed to make bitcoin thrive.  An INTERNAL economy where people can earn coins for making useful/helpful/whatever posts. 
Unfortunately, this is the exception to the "bitcoin economy" at the moment.  Until more things like bitcointip come into existence, where we have realistic ways to circulate bitcoins through the internal bitcoin economy to people who actually "do" things (be it sell products and then actually use the bitcoins they make, or provide services within the community), we will continue to stagnate or artificially inflate, neither of which are particularly appealing for the long term health/future of bitcoin.
As Andreas Antonopoulos said at a recent event, "bitcoin enables innovation at the edges, without permission."  This is what truly makes bitcoin special.  However, in order for bitcoin to enable this innovation, the coins must flow (I think a lot of responsibility has to fall on those who are large holders, as they truly have the power to make things happen through the distribution of their coins to appropriate channels).  When people realize that a deflationary asset such as bitcoin is only useful when it is being spent and used and "hodling" and hoarding is actually counterproductive to the goal of creating a strong market and gaining value, we will be on the right track.
Unfortunately, this doesn't include spending on sites like overstock since those coins get recycled back into exchanges and have to be re-bought with fiat, rather than overstock actually putting them to use.  That is a pointless cycle of futility for bitcoins growth.
There must be internal market development and coin flow to succeed.  We need to stop looking to the outside and look at what we can do "grow bitcoin".  It starts from within.
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:49:51
Ha, good timing.
I find it a little funny too, that I actually consider what Shrem did far less offensive than Mark's actions today.  The press release by Gox is as irresponsible an attempt at deception and misinformation to crash the market as I could imagine.  It is, from my perspective, a direct (and undeserved) shot at the entire bitcoin community.  Far worse than anything Shrem did imo.
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:07:05
The thing is, they never said "you have to use FIFO"
Some random tax person who made a post on the bitcoin forums suggested people use FIFO because it is the most common and generally easiest way to keep track of this kind of stuff.  And to the average person who has all their coins jumbled together and doesn't know which is which, yes, this makes sense.
That however fails to see the bigger picture with bitcoin, in that it is actually quite easy to do your own accounting with individual addresses and spend the inputs of your choosing as you see fit.
If you can prove you spent coins from one address at a certain cost basis, then there is no need to do FIFO or LIFO or any other standardized accounting method.  All the tax and accounting proof you need is right there on the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-01-29 13:59:19
The problem is that the fine HSBC is paying is LESS than the money they made doing said criminal activities.
That essentially means the U.S. government is giving the go ahead to commit further crimes as it is a net PROFIT to do so.
Their lack of true punishment has only incentivized further criminal activity.
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:29:03
Yes, I understand that, which is why I put "spend it all in one transaction" in quotes... as in, send it all to one address so that nothing is sent to a change address.  That is what's implied when I (or anyone) say spend it all at once.  Obviously it all gets moved regardless.  We wouldn't be having this discussion about change addresses to begin with if it didn't.
Anyway, that's what nearly everyone advocates when moving a cold wallet.  Send it all to one address so you don't have to worry about the change address.
That is what that other dude (englishbulldog) who was arguing with you mentioned.  He said, "You shouldn't partially spend the card anyway, so the only reason you would want to ever spend is to move the whole amount."
It is what the bit-card website says, "To avoid issues with the change address, we recommend that you always remit the total amount from the Bit-Card."
You suggested a way to avoid the issue of having to send it all to one address by using Mycelium and setting up the change address to go back to the original address.  I suggested an alternative, which is to set up the change address to send to another cold wallet you already have set up.
I'm not sure why you are making this such a big deal.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:06:53
Well that's the point, as a lot of people don't like re-using the same address.  1 address per transaction, period.
That's not everyone's opinion, but I know some prefer that.  It does obviously have drawbacks, like the potential to forget and/or screw up the change address.
Was just providing an alternative method for anyone who's strictly a 1 transaction per address kind of person.  Both methods are valid depending on what your goals are.
@_date: 2014-03-11 20:38:06
I really believe this is the logical revenue model of the future.  It is the answer everyone has been waiting for that goes hand in hand with the distribution disruption that is the internet.
A couple decades ago, the internet came along and gave people a distribution network that would change business as we knew it (even if most industries didn't realize it at the time).  It took away traditional distribution models and gave people a way to interact peer to peer (or nearly peer to peer).  It tore down long standing barriers to entry and gave power to the content creators to reach their own target audience.  This is essentially summed up in the age of youtube.  And this is/was revolutionary.
The old distribution methods are dead and/or dying.
Unfortunately, this information revolution has, thus far, exceeded the growth of the corresponding financial technology.  The ability for content creators to benefit from their new found ability to reach the masses has been lacking.  What we have instead seen is an attempt to merge old financial ways with new distribution methods to varying degrees of success (for example, youtubes partner program).
While this has been a good stopgap, that's ultimately what it's always been.  A stopgap.  We simply didn't have the technology to properly monetize in the new information age.
That's why this is so exciting, because that's exactly what this is, and what bitcoin potentially is.  It is the new paradigm.  We are seeing the first steps towards what I believe is inevitable... the monetization of our attention on a scale fitting the internet.
After all, that's ultimately what our most limited resource is.  Attention.  In an age where content creators can directly reach the masses, that is what will eventually be directly monetized.  We are witnessing the first steps.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:51:44
That's not what he said.
He stated that they can't just arbitrarily set their price without consideration for the market demands.  Their price reflects the market.
Yes, they set it, but, assuming they want to be a successful business, they are still subject to market fluctuations and must price bitcoins accordingly.
You seriously need to work on that reading comprehension.
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:03:02
First of all, it's not "anonymous".  Just look at the MtGox situation, everyone knows exactly who is running that shit show.
There's also not "nothing anyone can do about it".  The simple answer is, don't give other people access to your coins (aka private keys) in the first place (and if you do, make sure they are reputable).  This holds true for any currency.  Put your shit in the hands of questionable people, and it may get stolen.
A large part of the problem is that bitcoin is still so new and trusted, audited, reputable services take time to develop.  Bitcoin is still not particularly user friendly, and we're only just beginning to see good quality infrastructure build up around it.  This is not a problem inherent with bitcoin, it is simply the nature of being a new disruptive technology.  Being an early adapter has inherent risks (especially for those getting involved when they don't really understand what they're doing).
Just look at the MtGox situation.  It was WELL KNOWN that that exchange was sketchy and has had many issues over the years.  Anyone putting money on there was taking a clear risk.  If they weren't aware of the risks, then they were simply ignorant and didn't put in even a half assed attempt at research.  In which case, they probably shouldn't be getting involved in bitcoin at this point in time anyway, because as I said, it is new and does have risks because the infrastructure isn't there yet.
All this said, part of the appeal of bitcoin is that you CAN'T charge back.  You talk about people being scammed, well credit card fraud accounts for a HUGE amount of money because of the nature of the system.  Credit cards are what is called a "pull" payment system, because when you pay for something with a credit card, what you really do is give someone else all the information they need to then pull money from your account.  You don't pay them by sending the money to them, they actually take the money from you.  That is why, when someone has your credit card number, you are inherently at risk.
It is also why chargebacks exist.  Because your funds CAN be stolen that easily, the banks have to have a system where the consumer can question any and every charge and pretty much always get that money back.  The result is a system where its easy to steal from users, while also enabling a huge amount of fraud (false charge backs) because the banks have to offer protection.  Which in turn results in hiked up fees and having to overpay for everything.  So while you think you're protected, the truth is that you're slowly being robbed in fees to cover the losses.  It all comes out of your pocket in the end.  That is the systemic fault of a pull payment system.
Bitcoin on the other hand is a "push" payment system.  Meaning, when you pay someone, you literally send the money to them.  Unlike credit cards, where every time you pay someone you give them all the information they need to take your money (your name, card number, etc), when you send money with bitcoin, you never reveal your private key, which is the only way to access your funds.
It is push, because you push funds to them.  Credit cards are pull, because they pull the funds from you.  The only way to be defrauded with bitcoin is to give someone access to your private key, which is akin to handing them your wallet and hoping they don't take off with it.
So while you say you can be easily scammed, I say that is merely a result of people not understanding how bitcoin works and it being such a new technology with minimal infrastructure.  At a fundamental level, the bitcoin protocol is actually significantly more secure than the current credit card banking system we use.
@_date: 2014-03-05 06:32:11
The only legitimate argument I've heard against bitcoin from people that actually understand the protocol, is that the currency itself is not as important as the underlying protocol.
Anyone who understands the protocol, understands its significance.  they understand that the technology is here to stay, and it will completely change the future.  It is the very definition of a disruptive technology that will shake long established foundations on many fronts.
That said, bitcoin the currency is just a layer built on top of the protocol.  It is not particularly special except that it came first.  Yes, it has a great first mover advantage and network effect, no doubt.  And that will go a long way at securing bitcoin's dominance as the main crypto currency of the future.  But it is not immune to becoming irrelevant, outliving its usefulness either, or ultimately being beaten by something better than comes along.
Even Andreas Antonopoulos has said something along the lines of (I'm paraphrasing), "I don't know if bitcoin the currency will exist in 50 years.  What I do know, is that this technology will."
That is the underlying point to any legitimate argument I have heard.  Bitcoin the currency faces some issues (scaling to name one) in the future.  No one knows what the landscape will look like in a decade.  Yes, at this point it time it looks like bitcoin will be what emerges from this crypto currency landscape, but who knows.  The truth is, the currency is a minor detail.  A layer above the real revolutionary technology (the actual protocol).
The most legitimate doubters of bitcoin the currency, also recognize the significance of bitcoin the technology.  And that is pretty damn cool.  Because anyone who understands the protocol knows it is a game changing technology.  Regardless of whether or not bitcoin the currency comes out the winner in this specific battle.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:02:37
ah, you do custom full encrypted cards too.  Very nice.  On the custom link it only says, "Design your own Receive-Cards" at the top, which threw me off.
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:11:59
He was actually referring to the little known 1999 movie Terminator - Wild Wild Bicentennial Man.  An action drama fantasy western comedy romance featuring an Android (Robin Williams) developed 2 centuries after the war between Skynet and the human race finally comes to an end, sent back in time to protect the one man who's death would destroy any hope of the current Utopian society humans enjoy.
It turns out that, while the war on humanity was terrible, it was ultimately for the betterment of society.  Out of the ashes of those killer AI would rise a new kind of consciousness among robots.  In the ensuing centuries, these "Androids" would develop feelings, emotions, and creativity much like humans.
The result was a utopian society the likes of which we can hardly imagine.  People and androids living in harmony, freed from the slaves of labor, are able to create magnificent works of art and pursue their passions for their entire lives.
However, one day a rogue amputee, Arliss Loveless, bitter at being born without legs and unable to pursue his life long passion of becoming the worlds best ballerina, rediscovers time travel and goes back in time to the 19th century in a quest to kill the great great great grandfather of Cyberdyne Systems employee Miles Dyson.  Thereby preventing Judgement Day and the centuries of Utopia that followed.
Now, humanities only chance for salvation is a peaceful Android, played by Williams, who is sent back to warn Dyson's great great great grandfather Jim West, played by Smith.  Together, the two must travel the Wild West and stop Loveless and ensure Judgement day's success before its too late.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:38:28
And you can't see beyond your own nose.  A snapshot of the current moment does not represent the future.
You're creating an argument from a stance I never took.  If you read my initial comment, you'll see I didn't actually mention Ukraine or the current situation going on over that at all really, because it is a moot point.
I admitted that most people are getting into bitcoin as speculators to make a quick buck.  Because all they see is what's right in front of them.  You are doing the EXACT same thing and determining the value of a technology is worthless because of how it's being used right now.  You're just the other side of the same speculator coin.  Unable to separate what is going on now from what the future holds.
The bitcoin protocol is important, it is revolutionary, because it will fundamentally shift the foundation of many old systems, beyond just finance, in ways we haven't yet thought up.  That is what great technologies do, they radically change the way we interact with and in the world.
Meanwhile, you're too busy bitching and moaning about speculators to see it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:41:42
Because generally, when someone comments on something, there is a reason.  They are trying to contribute to a useful discussion in some way.
Yet you seem to be commenting (multiple times btw) for no reason, contributing absolutely nothing of use.  Thank you for your banality. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 14:06:24
Yeah, because I'm sure THAT's what they're worried about.
I can see it now, a poor person in a developing nation who is struggling to get by and put food on the table, hops on reddit or CNN only to see a few iphones being smashed.  He immediately looks over to his malnourished pregnant wife, and a single tear leaks down his face.
"I could deal with all these hardships if I knew these phones were being put to good use.  The long hours, poor pay, daily hunger, I have no problem with any of that.  But to see these phones being smashed, now that's a travesty.  Now I can't help but to question if it was all worth it."
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:52:53
Trying to scam SeansOutpost eh?  Now that's classy.
Fake Big Vern better watch out, I hear bums can fight pretty damn well!
@_date: 2014-01-24 19:28:57
I somewhat disagree.  I don't think it is totally correct to say intrinsic value is an oxymoron.  The literal definition of intrinsic is "belonging naturally" or "essential".  In that sense, I don't think it is incorrect to say things can have intrinsic value, it all depends on your frame of reference. Subjective value and intrinsic value are essentially the same thing and the difference is a matter of degree.
For instance, I think it is fair to frame this discussion in terms of human nature and the things that are intrinsically valuable to us as a whole.  That's what's important for this discussion (our "zoomed out starting point" if you will).  There are things that are intrinsically valuable to what we call human nature.
From the zoomed out point of view of human nature, a single individuals preferences would be viewed as subjective value.  I value a painting that was painted by a deceased relative highly, even though the majority of humans would not view it as such.  That is my subjective value.  The concept of art however (or beauty, or what have you) is intrinsic to human nature.
So really, from this vantage point, is is concepts that are intrinsically valuable, and how objects make use of those concepts (their "utility" if you will) effects how they are valued.  Fuel is intrinsically valuable to human nature.  For our bodies, that means animals and grain, etc, etc.  For our way of life that means oil and gas, etc, etc.  The concept of fuel is intrinsically valuable while something like a cow holds value because of how effectively it "fills the intrinsic void" created by our need for fuel.
In that same way, liquidity is intrinsically valuable to humans.  That ability to act as a medium of exchange is what we value at the "zoomed out" level.  Cash and credit cards, etc, are valuable because of how effectively they fill that void.  Likewise, THAT is where bitcoins value comes from.  It's ability to fill the intrinsic void created by our need for liquidity and a medium of exchange.
So no, bitcoin itself is not "intrinsically valuable" to human nature.  However, it potentially fills a void created by our intrinsic need for liquidity.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:23:29
You did see the recent report that the worlds richest 85 people have more wealth than the bottom 3.5 billion people, right?  And that list doesn't even include the true richest people/families, like the Rothchilds, whom are so rich that they can keep their names off any and all lists like this.
If you think bitcoin could possibly be any worse than the current situation, where 85 people have more wealth than 3.5 billion, and the top 1% have over 65 times more wealth than those 3.5 billion, then you are delusional.
 
@_date: 2014-02-18 16:23:37
Does it matter anyway?
How can he, in the same sentence, complain about both wages potentially decreasing and the price of goods potentially falling.  That would effectively keep each individuals net buying power unchanged!
It is no different than an inflationary currency where you get raises every year to offset the lost buying power from the systemic devaluation of the currency.  Yeah, i'm making 2% more, but everything also costs 2% more.  How is that any different than making 2% less but everything costs 2% less?
It's a nonsensical argument.
@_date: 2014-02-18 17:57:01
Oh of course.  Don't get me wrong, it's obvious why the system has been set up the way it has and why the current institutions fear bitcoin and renounce any and all deflationary economic theories.  It's "bad for business" in the sense that, it's bad for them.
I was merely pointing out how easily their arguments crumble when just a tiny amount of critical thinking is applied to them.
But that's only natural.  Of course their arguments will be paper thin when the system they defend is built on a house of cards.  All they have are smoke and mirrors to come up with half assed reasons that deflation is bad and will kill "economic growth" (as they define it).
@_date: 2014-03-05 05:04:25
If this is true, it is a very worthy cause to donate to.  If you have ever enjoyed a podcast, you should support this, as the very foundation of the distribution system is being threatened.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:57:18
I am referring to a specific kind of fraud (that happens to make up a big portion of modern day theft that impacts our lives), not theft in general.
In my very first reply I stated that the security currently surrounding bitcoin is lacking.  That theft is a problem... BUT, it is not a problem of the bitcoin system, it is a problem of it's exponential growth and rise in value vs the current infrastructure that has been built up around it.  That is a hugely important distinction.  There is nothing inherently wrong with bitcoin, it's simply immature.
Give bitcoin time to "iron out the rules" and have infrastructure and security measures implemented, and these problems go away.  It simply takes time, but it is coming.
This is a whole new ballgame we're dealing with.  Of course we've never seen 7% of the U.S. dollar get stolen at once.  Then again, we were all born into this system that was already fully operational.  We got dropped into a game that was already running with detailed rules.  It wasn't always that way.  There were lots of bumps in the road and things that needed to be ironed out when the current system being developed as well (I'm reminded of states printing their own currencies and issues between commerce among the states and eventual loss of value to said currency as a result).
On that note, if you strictly define theft as stealing, then you may be hard pressed to find such an occurrence.  But I'd consider devaluing of a currency no different, and we've seen that happen time and time again in modern monetary policies.
@_date: 2014-03-11 20:42:32
*looks at username* not sure if lying or serious...
Ah, very cool, thanks for the tip!  I did not know that.  Off blockchain transactions are key to the type of microtransactions I'm talking about.  It's the only way to properly scale for speed and the small fee required to make microtransactions a reality.
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:08:27
I'll just give an example.  Price is at $580.  Whale buys up all the available coins until $630 and then puts them all (or a large chunk) up for sale at $628, thereby giving the impression of support at the new price.
This covers the sellers who want to dump coins after a quick $50 rise without sending the price back to $580 (as it should because there's no real support).  Basically, this one buyer props up the entire price by putting up huge sell walls after his buys.  Eventually, other people then begin to put in there own sell orders around that wall, developing actual support.  While other people see this giant sell wall, and figure the price wont go down, so they jump in on the buying (which is what the whale wants), thereby creating demand.
This pattern repeats itself up to whatever price the whale thinks they can get people to move to.
Then, what the whale will often do is sell a lot of those coins they originally bought from 580-630 at the new support level (lets say 660-700) when enough outside people have set up sells at this new higher price.  Thereby, making a nice quick profit (and driving the price back down... where they can then buy back again lol).
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:31:59
Quick, sell low, sell low!!!
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:56:20
In case you missed it, since this update, Mark has released another update on the MtGox site saying that they are monitoring the situation and will eventually react accordingly.
So I'd like to once again thank Mark for yet another update saying that at some point in the future an update will be released.  As a community, we can not be updated about the status of future updates enough. 
Mark is only doing his part to ensure the community is aware that MtGox is aware that the community is aware that MtGox may have a problem.  So once again, thank you kind sir for keeping the community in the know.
@_date: 2014-03-18 05:16:08
Here's the problem.  What is the incentive to tipping?
The whole premise of bitcoin is built on the concept that the network succeeds because people are incentivized to mine.  Computing power is rewarded with coins when you find a new block.  It is a self sustaining system with a built in feedback loop to build security.
No such system exists to make tipping worthwhile.  Simply put, why tip?  What purpose does it serve besides some utopian ideal (which, as we've seen, is fine when shit is cheap, but as soon as things get serious everyone gets greedy and all those great ideals disappear).
If you want people to tip, create a system where tipping is the essence of the service.  Like upvotes with reddit.  Create a reason for people to tip and have it serve a purpose.
 
Using the reddit model, imagine a place where your only voting power was via bitcoins, 1 satoshi at a time (or more realistically, lets say 1/100,000 of a bitcoin, aka 0.00001 bitcoins, aka less than a penny).  Each time you upvoted a post, it would cost .00001 bitcoins.  A meaningless amount in small doses, but make a post worth 3,000 upvotes, and suddenly you're looking at almost $20.
The catch is that the entire system has to be built around this idea.  Tips only go so far.  Altruism is great, but at a certain point, a level of greed kicks in.  That's human nature.  Instead of complaining about it, what has to happen is we have to leverage this greed and make it work FOR the system.
Nobody wants to tip 25 cents for ultimately no reason.  But let me "cast my vote" and voice my opinion for the price of 1/100,000 of a bitcoin?  Sure!  Just a dollar would allow me a chance to voice my opinion over 100 times.
And then, if other people deem my contributions worthy of upvotes, well then I could continue to have a voice in the community without ever adding another dollar.  So long as my contributions are deemed worthy, I will be afforded the ability to continue to contribute.  A self sustaining network that encourages good participation, much like the bitcoin network itself.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:31:44
Sorry, all Michael Casey saw was
**"Hello Mr. Casey,**
**I read your WSJ article today.**
**I took time out of my day to do so... my sentiments... a positive one.**
**Your... journalism... is... important... Bitcoin's biggest problem is that it's not 'regulated.'... you... quote... everything I said... you... maintained... a modicum of fidelity to my message.**
**I don't give a damn about... Bitcoin... it is a story of... a corrupted... system... a story of... calamities... upon society.**
**Next time you spend your efforts... over this cause, please... ask me to contribute.**
**-Erik Voorhees"**
@_date: 2014-03-12 00:14:16
Looks like yours eventually got confirmed.
It's not common to take that long, but it happens.  Usually takes about 5 minutes for confirmation, but I've seen it take 4-5 hours for one of mine to go through before.
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:21:23
Again, this is a nonsensical scenario... you're pricing your home the way the current system works, aka under an inflationary monetary policy (in dollars nonetheless) and then saying it's incompatible (or causes significant changes) with a deflationary currency.  No crap!
The whole premise was if our entire system was built around a deflationary currency.  Obviously home pricing and the buying process would work slightly differently.  That isn't an argument against a deflationary currency or a reason why a strong economy can't exist with such a currency.
Of course it wont make much sense if you try to maintain the capital controls of an inflationary monetary policy with a deflationary currency.  That's not an argument against deflation, that's an argument against the fucked up system we have now.  Of course the two are going to be somewhat incompatible, they are essentially opposites.
In no way, shape, or form, is that proof that you can't have a strong economy with a deflationary currency.
@_date: 2014-03-05 06:16:08
How can they ban companies from using bitcoin?  Easily.  Just because something is decentralized, doesn't mean it can't be regulated or banned.
No government can ban the network, but if they made it illegal for companies to interact in bitcoin, no companies wishing to act in a legal manner would deal in bitcoins, period.
The network would obviously still survive.  It's much harder to enforce a ban like that on individuals, where bitcoin would undoubtedly continue... but for companies, a government could keep them out quite easily if that's what they decided.
Long term, the network will win, because, as an invention, it simply can't go away once it's invented.  It is here to stay.  But short to medium term, heavy handed government intervention could go a long way to hurt bitcoin and the like.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:50:05
Another option is to use a separate card as a change address.  Always send your extra funds you're not spending in a transaction to a "change cold wallet" you have created.
The plus side is that this 100% maintains your cold wallet status, no questions asked.  The downside is you have to actually remember to select a custom change address (assuming you're using a wallet where that is even an option) and put in that other cold wallet address by hand.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:38:45
I guess there's worse things to be than an incredibly intelligent successful person (er, witch).
Doesn't hurt that I could look at my boobs whenever I wanted.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:13:27
Oh me neither.  Whoever it is, he just lined my pockets nicely.
I just feel bad for the people who will inevitably panic buy only to realize the run is over and that whale is now taking a nice little profit as the price falls back down.  Never mind all the other people who got cheap coins when the price dipped into the 400's who may be thinking about turning some of those over.
Of course, I've been wrong before, perhaps a true support level can be established from here.  Who knows lol.
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:00:00
There's where you're wrong.  It's not "creative accounting" if you have the inputs and outputs (aka addresses) tracked and accounted for.  Which, is exactly what the blockchain is and does.
Consistent practices (such as FIFO) are required because they are the only functional/realistic ways to account for items in most cases.  That is 100% not true with bitcoin.
I would not be randomly making up which coins I'm spending, it would have to literally be pulling those coins from specific addresses which can be tracked back to a purchase cost.  But that's the beauty of the blockchain.  That's all very possible.
If I buy a coin for $1,000, I can send those coins to an address (or addresses) of my personal belonging.  Those addresses are all then tied to that purchase cost.  Each additional purchase goes to a different address, which has a different cost associated to it.
Any spending then does not require LIFO or FIFO or any other shortcut method of accounting, because each address can literally be linked to a specific purchase cost.  And your wallet would then just pull funds from each address accordingly.
If I buy something for $25 and spend 0.024975 coins from one address and 0.025025 coins from another address, and each address can be linked to a specific price I bought at, then there is absolutely no creative accounting.  It's actually an accountants dream, as it's as direct a method of accounting as you can have.  FIFO only exists because this level of exact accounting is not possible most of the time.  It is however possible with bitcoin.
Just look at stocks.  You can most definitely specify which shares you're selling.  If you buy 1,000 shares at $10 and then 1,000 shares at $20, then sell 1,000 shares at $15, you can 100% specify at the time of the sale which shares you're selling.  If you don't specify, then you must use the FIFO method when determining your cost basis and taxes.  But that's only if you fail to specify in the first place.  There is nothing stopping you from specifically stating you are selling those 1,000 shares you bought at $20 instead of the 1,000 you originally bought at $10.
With bitcoin, the same exact thing would not only be possible, but it would be even more specific since each individual address can be tracked.
@_date: 2014-01-24 05:37:35
Funny, that's what I yelled out when I saw your tip.  Awesome stuff dude!
@_date: 2014-03-05 06:52:26
I'm not talking about any specific government, I'm speaking from a philosophical standpoint.
The premise was that "governments can't forbid bitcoin," which is just silly.  Of course they can.  And quite successfully in the short/medium term if they so choose.
Not saying any government will, just that the decentralized nature of bitcoin does not make it exempt from feeling the wrath of government laws and capital control.
Long term (i'm talking decades), this trend can't be stopped.  Decentralized, peer2peer, etc, is coming (has been) and is going to slowly change everything.  But for our purposes now, governments most certainly have the power to screw with us and severely limit the growth potential.  Again, not saying they will, just that they can.
@_date: 2014-03-11 21:18:48
So I can't help but think that having a dedicated button for micro-tips would be awesome.  I think that is one of the keys to adoption.  Tipping via comments is great and all, and makes sense for larger sums, but having a 1 click button for "micro-tips" would be fantastic.
How cool would it be to have a subreddit where upvotes were automatically tied to the tipbot.  Upvoting, a penny at a time.
@_date: 2014-03-11 20:03:22
Now change these denominations to pennies (or even fractions of a penny), and you have something...
Imagine FB likes or youtube thumbs up being completely replaced by bitcoin loves.  Each love is a small enough bitcoin denomination that it's only equal to a fraction of a penny, so you don't even have to think twice about hitting that love button.  But over time, those loves add up to something meaningful.
When someone figures out how to enable microtransactions on that kind of scale, rather than these pseudo microtransactions like the bitcointip bot which are far too costly in fees, and you'll have something big on your hands.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:57:39
If you were watching the order book this morning you could see it clearly.  He was moving around 1,000+ BTC walls, buying up coins, then dropping the wall in right behind so it looked like there was support at the new level.
The whale bought it up to 630 on stamp, then took a couple hours off, then put the wall back up and bought up again around 650/660, and it looks like others have quickly jumped on in the last 20 minutes hoping not to miss the train.
So i'm not sure who's buying now, but it was 100% started by 1 big buyer who was trying to move the market.
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:44:59
Short of leveraging it with your own ideas and creating something off of the base protocol, not really.  BUT, the currency itself is very close to the ground floor.  No, it may not be the bottom level protocol, but it is right there next to it (or I should say on top) and has the potential for many unique and awesome applications to be built on top of it.
That itself is quite unique (and the reason many confuse it for a ponzi scheme).  Because being able to "invest" at a baseline level like this and have the potential for tons of useful applications to be built on top is something we've never really seen before.  It's why the concept of "Hodl" exists in bitcoin land, because if the currency is successful, the value has to rise.  Investment in bitcoin the currency is a systemic investment in everything that's built on top of it.
As for the baseline protocol, my best advice is to keep your ears to the grindstone and pay attention to other projects people are working on.  In the grand scheme of things, bitcoin the currency is just a battle that we are watching play out.  The war is the underlying technology, and the war has already been won.  This thing isn't going anywhere, it is a disruptive technology at its core, and as such, it will change the game completely.  You are already way ahead of the curve by being aware that the playing field is shifting.  It matters not what ideas emerge, what's important to know is that something will.  This concept is HUGE for so many different aspects of life.
People who understand the protocol know this, which is why even those who look at bitcoin with caution are excited about all the other possibilities.  So my best advice is simply to pay attention to this "developing space", because it's going to be big.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:14:48
Not really, though I did reply to the other comment bringing up one of the arguments.
Honestly, there is a plethora of information addressing valid arguments already out there.  I try to contribute where I can.  It is simply not feasible to make serious counterpoints to every single negative article out there.  Especially when an article reads as poorly as this one did.  It's just not worth the effort.
Though again, I did give a serious reply to superfetatoire's comment if that's any consolation.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:21:55
blockchain info just removed the word insolvent too.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:37:47
I came, I saw, I guessed, I did not conquer.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:34:54
This is purely speculation as I have nothing to say one way or the other, but I'd say that's doubtful.
Whoever bought today was very intentional about driving up the price and knew what they were doing.  That doesn't sound like someone who would have gotten scared and sold at $579.  Though truth be told, I don't think the 579 was someone scared so much as it was someone with early knowledge of the Gox info.  Seeing at the sells came only hours before twobitidiot dropped the "gox leaked documents."
There are certainly some big holders who got in early that don't particularly know what they're doing and just happened to be in the right place at the right time w/ bitcoin, and now find themselves sitting on a shit ton of wealth.  But there are also some very savvy individuals who know how to play the market (and have been doing so very successfully).  They have the money/coins and the knowledge to move the masses.  And that's what this whale looked like based on the way the orders were being placed.  It was a very intentional move on their part.
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:45:51
You can't just transfer it all at once because the infrastructure to do so currently does not exist.  Bitcoin is still new.  In time, you will be able to do just that.
On the anonymous bit.  You have to be verified with these companies and exchanges because you're dealing with companies that want to comply with government tax laws... it has nothing to do with bitcoin itself.  Not to mention, if your connecting your bank account to one of these companies, there goes the whole anonymous thing anyway.
How exactly would you exchange a million Euros to GBP quickly, easily, and anonymously?
All that said, you surely can remain anonymous.  All that means is, you have to find a buyer of your bitcoins through some other means than an online exchange.  You send your coins to their address and they hand you a briefcase full of money, or something like that... sounds good and totally not sketchy at all to me.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:54:12
You are right.  And your 2nd paragraph answers your own question at the end.
The issue of taxes on everyday expenses will be solved via software.  Since addresses/coins can be mixed and matched and tracked, you will be able to spend coins so that the net gain is effectively zero on your regular everyday purchases (thereby making tax reporting null in those cases).  It will only be for larger transactions where you can't mix and match coins perfectly that you will end up having to report gains/losses.
For example, lets take a look at your question.
For the sake of simplicity so that there is only 1 possible combination, lets say I own 2 bitcoins total.  1 bought at $1, and 1 bought at $1,000.  The price for a bitcoin is now at $500 and I want to buy something for 0.05 bitcoins (aka about $25 bucks).  A pretty regular everyday purchase...
You can accomplish this without any tax implications by combing your coins in such a way that the cost you spent on that combination is equal to the amount you're spending.
In this example (i'm going to round a bit), I would spend 0.024975 of my bitcoin valued at $1,000 (for an original cost of $24.98) and 0.025025 of my bitcoin valued at $1 (for an original cost of $0.02).
The net result is zero in terms of taxes.  $25 to originally purchase 0.05 bitcoins and 0.05 bitcoins valued at $25 spent when you bought something.  And I'm now left with 0.975025 bitcoins bought at $1,000 and 0.974975 bitcoins bought at $1.
This of course, would all be done on the software side.  And it must not be confused with avoiding taxes.  It is simply a way of combining your coins in such a way as to limit the amount of reporting you have to do.  A way to avoid the burden of reporting and tracking every small purchase and instead saving your realized gains/losses for large transactions where the coins can not be combined in such a way as to avoid having a gain/loss.
Make sense?
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:23:07
fyi, phrases with gender specific pronounce like "hey guys" are perfectly acceptable when referring to a mixed and/or unknown gender audience.  You should be complaining to the President of English, not the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:26:27
26 black
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:07:15
Unless someone comes out with a coin that can't be mined with a gpu...
Someone will figure out how to make a cpu only coin sooner or later.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:27:30
It's true, I prefer to stash my cold wallets in a fire-safe box.  Keeping them under the mattress is just silly.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:29:31
Exactly, chargebacks are almost always guaranteed to be "won" by the consumer.  Merchants are the ones who pay, which is why fraudulent chargebacks are so common.  Banks give you your money back pretty much without question and charge/don't pay the merchants.
Of course, the ironic part is, like all theft from merchants, it just ultimately comes back to cost the consumer in increased prices.  We think we're being protected, because that's what it looks like in the short term when we successfully get a refund, but in reality, we pay more for everything because the merchants have to overcharge to make up for losses from chargebacks and false claims.
The "insurance" that banks offer only serves to save them money as they can refund the consumer and withhold money from the merchant.  Merchants lose short term, and consumers lose long term.  In the end, it always comes out of our pockets.
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:25:54
When people can't grasp the point of bitcoin, this is what they're not getting.  As Andreas puts it, "bitcoin enables innovation at the edges, without permission."
As someone living in the U.S., it really is difficult to see what is so useful about bitcoin.  Yeah, I can buy stuff on overstock or tigerdirect, but big deal.  The utility in every day shopping and what the majority of 1st world citizens spend their money on is minimal when compared to current payment processes.  It's hard to see why I need bitcoin and what is so "revolutionary" about it.
This is why most people consider bitcoin a speculators game, a quick buck.  And for good reason, because to them it is.  They can't see the forest for the trees.
Then you realize there is this whole other world, and that is where bitcoin becomes important.  Outside this bubble most of us here live in, the bitcoin protocol is a paradigm shift the likes of which is hard to fathom.  It isn't until that bubble begins to dissolve that we start to see its utility.
When people finally begin to realize what "innovation at the edges without permission" truly means, they begin to realize the power and promise of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:53:56
They use big bolded letters in all caps.  That's how I know the information is useful and important.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:48:43
It's actually pretty much the same thing people like Andreas Antonopoulos have said.
Even if the currency were to fail, the technology can not be uninvented.  It is inevitable this is the direction we head in the future.  The technology is here to stay, regardless of the fate of bitcoin the currency.  This idea is going to transform so many aspects of society.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:25:06
The bitstamp orderbook.  It's all publicly viewable.
And no, I didn't take any screenshots, sorry.  But check out the bitcointalk forums and I'm sure you'll see some posts there.  Especially in the daily price threads.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:56:26
Well yes, if you plan to use a card for regular transactions, your Mycelium approach makes more sense.
I was merely pointing out a 3rd option, as opposed to the "spend it all in one transaction" or "use Mycelium to activate the cold wallet and use it regularly but keep it relatively offline" approaches.  
If, for some reason, you wanted to bring a cold wallet out of storage, you could just as well send the change back into another 100% cold wallet.  Rather than sending it all in one transaction, just set up the change address to be another cold wallet you control.
For regular use, yeah, it's not nearly as practical.  I wasn't really intending it that way, so if that's how it came off, my apologies.
@_date: 2014-03-18 05:39:40
Well thanks for the tip.  I agree, it CAN be fun... until it becomes too expensive to be fun anymore, as we've seen with bitcoin.
You just made my point perfectly.  A 10 doge tip is almost exactly the same value as a 1/100,000 bitcoin tip (about 7/10ths and 6/10ths of a penny respectively).  You can "voice your opinion" by tipping 10 doge all day long, no sweat.  But that's only because the value is low enough to enable this indiscriminate tipping.
Now, wouldn't it be great if not only you could afford to tip like this whenever the hell you want, but also if there was an actual system in place that made that tipping valuable to dictating the quality of information.  Tipping not only "because it's fun" but also because it's useful.
It can be both.  But right now, it's neither for the majority of bitcoin holders because they simply can't afford to tip on a whim with the way it's currently set up.  And when they do, it ultimately serves no purpose.
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:54:00
Ah, well if they're watch only, then that balance you see isn't actually spendable until you import the addresses private key (and then enter your passphrase, assuming the key is encrypted).
So import the address you want to send from first, then whatever balance that address has should be spendable.  Then you can send those funds, minus the 0.0001 miners fee, to the other paper wallet.
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:30:37
I'm not entirely sure what you're asking.  Do you know your private keys and have access to your BTC?
If so...
1) Create a Coinbase account.
2) Connect Coinbase account to your bank account.
3) Send BTC to Coinbase account.
4) Sell at market value.
You'll be limited in the amount you can cash out daily ($3,000/$50,000 daily limit I believe depending on your verification level).  So it may be a slow go of it.
You can also try to go through exchanges like Bitstamp or BTC-E and sell through those.  Or localbitcoins and sell to people in person.
Or buy a shitload of stuff from sites like overstock and sell said items on ebay for cash :P
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:05:03
I'd like to thank Mark for updating us with an update of an update of an update, saying he will have an update soon.
This kind of informative communication is much appreciated!
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:18:34
Explain that bitcoin the currency is different than the underlying Bitcoin protocol and then try to explain the actual computer science problem the protocol solves.  Forget algorithms and miners, etc, and just speak in plain english about the problem of double spending and creating trust in an environment where there otherwise shouldn't be any.
In order to understand bitcoin the currency and why it is valuable, they must first understand why the protocol has value.  All nonsense about no underlying value to bitcoin go away when you understand the protocol.
I'd also explain to them the difference between a push (bitcoin) vs pull (credit cards &amp; traditional banking) payment system and the benefits that creates for bitcoin.
If you're unsure what I'm talking about, I reference this.. . and my own comments on the matter 
Understanding the core differences in how transactions are actually made is key to understanding why fraud is reduced (and in turn, margins are increased).
Lastly, I'm sure the topic of scams and theft will probably dominate the conversation.  If that's the case, I'd simply make sure I got the point across that those thefts were 100% avoidable.  That people were willingly giving someone else control of their private keys (akin to handing someone your wallet and hoping they don't run off with it) for convenience of trading quickly.  That they were trading security for a quick buck, in hopes that it didn't bite them in the ass (or they were just plain lazy).
Try to make it clear, that this is not a problem with bitcoin, but a problem with infrastructure around bitcoin.  If someone so chooses, they can be in complete control of their own private keys and be completely immune to theft (short of being kidnapped or held hostage and beaten to reveal their private information lol). 
The problem is that the currency has grown in popularity and price faster than the infrastructure around it, resulting in this "wild west" like exchange situation we have now.  In time, that will not be the case.  And already, we are seeing more trusted entities pop up.  But it is a slow process.  Until then, don't trust shady companies and hand over your keys to them, because it is not necessary, and frankly, it is not smart.
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:17:16
So in your case, send 0.12517597 wherever you're trying to send it, and the transaction should go through and leave you with a 0 btc balance on that blockchain address.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:41:58
The truth is, most people involved in bitcoin have been flat out saying MtGox was not secure for a long time.  The comparison to an FDIC insured bank is flat out bunk.
People used Gox in spite of its risk (or possibly because of it as the always inflated price indicated).  There was no assumption of security (or at least, there shouldn't have been.  And if there was, it was 100% out of blatant ignorance).
To put your private keys in the hands of a 3rd party is to immediately and intentionally take on risk.  It is not required, it is an option that people choose for one reason or another (in gox case, probably because they liked the speculative nature of the higher prices).
The beauty of bitcoin is that this counterparty trust is not required.  That's literally the genius of the protocol.  So to write an article claiming the flaw of bitcoin is that people who put their trust in a 3rd party were burned; well that's just plain incorrect and silly.
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:50:40
Thanks to whoever gave the gold.  Now if only I could figure out what the hell it did!
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:16:18
hmmm, Bill Gates does an ama today and the  upvoted question is about bitcoin and crypto currencies.  Then a couple hours later bing adds this.  
Methinks the two may be connected...
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:07:12
And finally, there it is.
Will we see a reactionary quick dump on the exchanges?
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:51:06
With credit cards you carry the risk too... Who do you think pays for chargebacks in the long run?
Credit card charges the merchant (or whoever is "at fault"), merchant raises prices to make up for loss, consumer pays higher prices.
We only think we are being protected because, in the short term, that's how it appears and we benefit.  What we fail to notice is the long term effects of being robbed a penny at a time.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:48:25
If that's what you got out of your previous exchange, I think you need to work on your reading comprehension skills, because that wasn't the point the other guy was making at all.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:10:38
For auditing purposes... Not all distribution is equal.  A subscription that is a paid direct requests from an individual (as this would be) is much more valuable to advertisers than a subscription that is lets say mass bought by a newsstand.
Advertisers and media buyers want to know what audience they are reaching, which will effect how much the ad space is worth.  These claims then need to be verified by a 3rd party auditor to ensure they are accurate.
Which is why they want you to provide your name/email/phone, etc, so that they can claim you under a certain type of subscriber (paying individual that personally requested to receive said subscription) that is more valuable for advertisers (meaning they can sell the ad space for more money).  The information you provide can then be used by the auditor if your name is part of the sample group that is pulled, to contact you and verify you are in fact who you claim you are and you do receive said subscription.
@_date: 2014-02-11 13:52:22
A few years ago, I believe this was the case, but it seems he's tried to get more involved with the company again.  According to his AMA, about 2/3 of his time is dedicated to his Philanthropic efforts while 1/3 is towards Microsoft.
@_date: 2014-04-04 12:19:44
For now.  With the ability to see every bitcoin transaction right there on the blockchain, I have to hope they'll change their stance when the time comes that they officially allow these types of transactions.
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:04:51
So many good quotes in the comments section.  Here's one of my favorites...
"Right, forget the economic analysis of this entity, everyone should buy in, risking their hard earned money, solely on faith all in order to replace something that has been working for thousands of years and isn't even broken today."
Thousands of years you say?
For a second I thought about replying, then I remembered my  rule of life.  You can't reason with crazy.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:30:43
 is the authors twitter handle if anyone that keeps physical wallets wants to tweet him and help inform him of the ridiculousness of his "article" (I use that term loosely).
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:46:47
Are you drunk or just trolling?
You remark that they set their own price, as if that somehow discredits the fact that the price is holding up.  It reads as if an attempt to delegitimize the current price.
You then comment that they are setting the price to maximize profits, which implies the price is a legitimate representation of demand, thereby contradicting your previous post.
Then, when Aahzmundus points out that you're proving the opposite of your original point, you ramble like a crazy person and call him a shill.
Well played coincult, you have just earned the title of useless poster of the day!  And to think, it's not even 11 a.m. on the east coast.
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:03:50
The question is, what can we do about it?  Upvoting on reddit is great and all, but really, what step can we take to ensure corrupt ideas like this are not held and voiced by those in positions of power?
Day after day you see the same morally bankrupt ideals being spread.  Faulty logic flaunted to the masses in an attempt to veil the true corrupt reasoning behind all these laws and regulations (or in this case, hopeful regulations).  We see this everywhere and there comes a point where you can't help but become jaded.  So I'll upvote on reddit, but at the end of the day, we'll continue to see this same bullshit spread by those in power week after week, month after month, year after year.
What else can we do?
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:42:16
Ah crap, and here I was hoping this post was going to tell me where Republics stood.
@_date: 2014-03-17 01:05:40
Yep, this would work.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:28:58
Also, it turns out that the study that chart is referencing comes to a compeltely different conclusion than the one JPMorgan is implying...
"Furthermore, the results show that the shadow economy reduces corruption in high income countries, but increases corruption in low income countries."
"Considering a public choice perspective a third conclusion for highly developed countries is that a government may not have a great interest to reduce the shadow economy due to the fact that:
 
(i) tax losses my be moderate, as at least 2/3 of the income earned in the shadow 
economy is immediately spent in the official economy
(ii) income earned in the shadow economy increases the standard of living of at least 1/3 of the working population,
(iii) between 40 and 50% of the shadow economy activities have a complementary character, which means that additional value added his created, which increases the official (overall) GDP, and 
(iv) people who work in the shadow economy have less time for other things like going to demonstrations, etc."
Turns out, all that chart really shows is that in shitty 3rd world countries and "transition countries," shadow economies are larger than in 1st world countries.  But, in high income 1st world countries, these shadow economies aren't actually a bad thing.
It's not that a large % of shadow economy decreases per capita wealth.  It's that shitty countries with shady governments and already bad economies create a need for a larger shadow economy.  The correlation is there, but the causation is opposite what JPMorgan implies.
The conclusions JPMorgan manages to portray from this study are FUBAR.
[edit] For reference, here is said study  
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:06:50
I'm not "so sure that bitcoin will be the main digital currency."  Frankly, I don't know.  As I said, there are detractors with reasonable worries (one of the main ones being various scalability aspects).
There is so much going on in this space and it's so new, that to declare one way or the other the future of bitcoin is impossible.  This stuff moves so fast (and honestly, the majority of the technical stuff is over my head lol).  What I find most interesting is the fact that all those people that understand the protocol and have legitimate issues with bitcoin the currency in its current implementation, also recognize the power and importance of the underlying technology.  So regardless of the outcome of the "crypto currency wars", the future is incredibly exciting, as this stuff isn't going away.
That said, I think the first mover advantage and high adoption rate is more important than some detractors give credit.  Yes, an "unlimited" number of competitor coins can be created.  And we've already seen a big influx.  However, you can't discount the amount of time and capital being pointed towards bitcoin specifically (some of that could theoretically be switched to a different crypto fairly easily, some of it not so much).  Those are the two most important resources we have, time and money.  
The more that gets built on top of bitcoin the currency and the more development that takes place, the stronger it's hold becomes.  Plus, every day there are more and more people with a vested monetary interest in bitcoin whom only gain if bitcoin succeeds.  There are billions of dollars at stake that give people reasons to make sure bitcoin gains mass adoption vs some other crypto.  All those things are significant.
And that's not even mentioning the "brand recognition" that bitcoin has vs other cryptos, which itself is always a huge factor in being the first to market.  That's a whole different animal.
Also keep in mind, for all those possible issues with bitcoin's future, there are people working on creative solutions.  Development is key.  This space is literally being created before our eyes, with novel, outside the box approaches being constantly worked on and sought by some incredibly talented minds (and the more that get involved, the better).  The solutions to a lot of these problems haven't even been invented yet.  This is why it's impossible to predict where we'll be in 1/5/10 years, because this is totally uncharted territory.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:24:15
Well for one thing, fraud in the form of false chargebacks makes up a huge portion of theft that merchants have to deal with.  This happens because the system is set up to always side with the consumer.  Consumer claims wrongdoing, bank pretty much automatically sides w/ them, because they just take it right out of the merchants pocket.  
Meanwhile, the average consumer feels good that they're "protected", not realizing that the merchant then has little recourse, except to charge higher prices to cover their loss, which the consumer doesn't even notice is happening on a daily basis.
All this insurance does is make us feel good.  It does not save consumers any money.  And indeed, in the long run it actually costs the people who aren't scamming the system or robbed themselves.  Why should people who aren't robbed pay for people who are?  That's all insurance does.
Why is this relevant to bitcoin?  Because chargebacks aren't possible with bitcoin.  Therefore, while you may feel you're less protected, the reality is that fraud is reduced and you end up paying less in the long run because of it.  Ironically, most people view the lack of protection as a bad thing because they can only see what's right in front of their face, rather than the full picture.  Fraud reduction vs fraud protection.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:36:53
Yes, welcome to fractional reserve banking.
Physical money makes up a small percentage of "money" in the system.  When people talk about the FED "printing money" (like they're doing w/ the QE going on now), they're not literally printing that money.  It's all (well most of it) is just numbers in a computer.
That's why bank runs happen, because there is a limited supply of paper money compared to debts owed.
@_date: 2014-02-17 00:42:21
Not sure if legit or scammer...
This is why 2FA exists.  So that you can't just get into accounts and change shit all willy nilly.  Frankly, I'm glad you're locked out, even if you are being honest.  I'd be more concerned if coinbase gave in and gave you the access you want, as this could very easily be a social engineering scam.
Either way, if you are legit, sit tight and you will get whatever confirmation emails you're waiting for in due time.  Otherwise, you're SOL.
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:10:16
You don't want to import your private keys anywhere.  That would make them no longer cold storage.  You only import them when you want to spend them (or cash them out on coinbase).
To look up your funds, all you have to do is search your public key on a block explorer.  Blockchain.info works just fine.  Just put in your public key there and you can see how much that address holds.
Importing your key requires you to use a wallet (i'm sure coinbase has a function to import addresses).  To do that, all you have to do is enter the private key in the appropriate spot and then you will be prompted to enter your passphrase (i'm assuming you encrypted the key when you made it).  Once you enter the passphrase, the address is now imported into whatever client you're using (coinbase, blockchain.info, bitcoinqt, etc).
But again, don't import cold storage unless you plan to spend it.  Otherwise, keep a small amount live on whatever hot wallet you use, and keep the rest in that cold paper storage.
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:26:57
You seem to have missed the good doctors point.  Women will get involved when they're good and ready to.  But if a woman isn't interested in the geeky tech side of bitcoin (which is pretty much still the phase we're at), no amount of gender coddling is going to change that.
Their lack of a presence in computer clubs in the 80's did not stop them from using computers today.  Just like their lack of a presence here, will not stop them from using bitcoin in the future.  It is irrelevant.  You can't make people be interested in this stuff.  They either are or they aren't.
@_date: 2014-02-10 14:22:39
This post seems exceptionally relevant now.  Great foresight here!
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:10:12
I don't want people to do anything.  If you look just above your head, you'll see the point flying past.
You would be one of those people that can't see the forest.
@_date: 2014-03-19 13:22:08




From 20 million to 13 million in a couple months... Ouch.  It always amazes me that major investment firms can be so poor at, well, doing their jobs.  Who the hell is getting paid to make decisions over there?  A monkey slapping a keyboard could have managed a better ROI.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:34:01
Don't worry, what the article implied was totally contradictory to what the study they referenced actually claimed.
They merely cherry picked a chart and butchered the interpretation of it to fit their talking points.
@_date: 2014-03-05 05:57:32
You are thinking of change addresses.  The way it works is, every time you send bitcoin from an address, ALL your bitcoins on that address move. The amount you send go to the appropriate address, and the remaining balance on the address you spent from move into a newly generated "change address".
So say I have an address with 5 BTC and I send 2 BTC to someone.  The way the transaction works is, 2 BTC go to that someone, while 3 BTC go to a newly generated address/key pair.  The address you sent the coins from is now empty.
When you use an online wallet, what you are really doing is using a conglomerate of different addresses, all of which are associated with your account (this is opposed to a cold wallet, which is literally just 1 address that is not associated with any online entity).  When you spend coins, you are not necessarily spending from a single address.  You may be sending coins from a variety of addresses all of which are part of your overall wallet.  It just depends on how each one is funded.  For the most part though, this is irrelevant as you don't have to worry about it when spending coins from your wallet.  When you send coins, the new key pair that is generated for your change address is automatically connected to your account.  So again, you never have to think about it.
When people run into trouble, is when they are dealing with "cold wallets" and don't realize that, when they spend any amount of coins from that wallet, the entire wallet is emptied and the remaining coins are sent to a change address.
So lets say I make a cold wallet with 5 BTC.  One day, I decide I want to send John Doe 3 BTC.  So I import my cold wallet into a newly created blockchain.info account so I can send the coins.  I then send John Doe his 3 BTC, and log off.  I soon forget my password because I only created the account as a throwaway for this one transaction, so who cares...
Then, a few months later, I decide I want to send another 1 BTC of my remaining 2 BTC wallet.  So I go to blockchain, create a new account, and go to send the bitcoin.  Except my wallet is empty because the remaining 2 BTC are located on a change address, which is associated to an account I don't remember (because at the time, I didn't think it was important).  Meaning the private key is essentially lost.
All because I didn't understand how change addresses worked and thought my original address was still funded.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:51:51
Do you guys do custom images/designs? 
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:21:52
So when Bitcoin hardforks, coinbase is saying they wont "support" the new fork... but since they have the private keys, doesn't that mean they're essentially keeping all the hardfork coins for themselves?