@_author: 808140
@_date: 2013-05-09 13:35:43


And therefore far less growth. Without debt, there is very little to no wealth creation in a market economy.


Why would this be, do you think? The only way that the deflationary period can "end" if the money supply is capped is if there is either a massive economic contraction (which is not a sustainable or desirable way to deal with the problem) or if the economy ceases to grow completely, so that the money supply no longer *needs* to grow (this would also be terrible.)
Otherwise, in the presence of a growing economy, a money supply that does not grow is *necessarily* deflationary. For as long as the economy grows.
No one was talking about price volatility so I'm not sure why you brought that up.
@_date: 2013-05-08 15:35:45
It's Bitcoin's Achilles Heel, unfortunately. While I empathize with people uncomfortable with the money supply being a policy variable, which makes it by definition centrally controlled, a cap on the money supply is a big problem. In a growing economy, wealth is created. If the global money supply cannot grow in tandem with that wealth, then individual units of currency must necessarily increase in value -- which is called deflation, appropriately.
This is bad because money in its useful sense is meant to be a means for trade, not an asset itself. With a deflationary currency, there is a strong temptation to "go long" the currency itself -- much as is the case with gold today. People don't buy gold because they want to spend gold (even when that's possible) -- people buy gold because it goes up in value (or at least doesn't go down, usually.)
Imagine if people bought dollars and didn't spend them, but rather just held them, because they expected them to go up in value (by which I mean purchasing power) over time. Like, you make a paycheck, and you say, "I'm not going to spend it today because these 1000 bucks will allow me to buy in one year what I need 2000 dollars to buy today."
This is a fundamentally terrible thing for an economy, because consumption is *fundamentally important*. If no one spends money, no wealth is created.
This is a big part of the reason why the gold standard was abandoned (the other reason was the Soviet Union's huge natural gold reserves). Deflationary currencies *suck*.
With no way to introduce more bitcoins into circulation after a certain time, they will end up a just another commodity like gold -- a place for people to put their money when they lack confidence in the real global economy, not a place to put money to generate wealth.
Which is a shame, because a truly decentralized *money* supply would really be something. But bitcoin is not virtual money, it's virtual gold. Which is, ultimately, useless.
@_date: 2013-05-10 06:41:49
This is an intriguing idea. Something to think about, definitely.
@_date: 2013-05-09 08:01:37
Consider a loan. I have 1000 bitcoins, and I want to loan you that sum so you can start a business. In one year, because bitcoins are deflationary, my 1000 bitcoins will have the same purchasing power as 2000 bitcoins. So if I just keep my money and do nothing with it, my purchasing power will double.
If I loan it to you, in order for the return on the loan to be price competitive with just holding, you would need to return to me a greater sum than the one I gave you -- that is, you'd need to pay me back 1000 bitcoins plus some interest. But since 1000 bitcoins in a year will be worth 2000 bitcoins today, my *real* return on this loan to you would have to be well over 100% -- and symmetrically, the burden on you to repay that loan would be very, very high. Which probably means I would have to price in the risk of default on that loan, further upping the cost of capital.
See, most people when they start a business don't have the money in pocket to make it happen -- they just have an idea and a willingness to work. They find people who have money to finance their business and everyone wins -- the investors end up with more money than they started with (thanks to interest on loan payments) and the entrepreneur ends up with a successful business that pays dividends.
In a world where the *minimum* interest rate to make a loan even worthwhile needs to be above or near 100%, there's just no incentive whatsoever to enter into a loan like that. So it doesn't happen. So no wealth is ever created.
Well, we probably wouldn't expect the value of bitcoins to double year over year. But any kind of general increase in value of a currency produces this sort of effect.
Prices can change, sure (although there is evidence that they tend to resist downward corrections, particularly in the labor market) but loans are the real issue here. Without them, a market economy crumbles. 
@_date: 2013-05-09 14:13:07


I think you may need to take introductory economics. I don't mean this in a mean way, but seriously. Take an econ class.
@_date: 2013-05-09 17:56:53
Yes, exactly.
Ideally, a currency would always be well-correlated with the economy, with no inflation or deflation, but this requires accurately measuring economic growth and dynamically correcting the quantity of money in circulation to account for it, which seems difficult to do in a decentralized, dynamic way (it's hard enough even with a central bank).
Some people say ideally there should even be a small amount of inflation to incentivize investment. This is why the ECB and the Fed both try to keep inflation around 2%. While I understand why they say this, I'm not sure I agree that allowing people's savings to lose value just to stimulate consumer spending and investment is fair. But it's an argument to have.
Having said all this, bitcoin is still very, very interesting.