@_author: 852741963
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:54:57
wow the libertarion circlejerk on this subreddit is really quite scary. Dude, regulations are *good things*. Anyone who thinks an unregulated market is a good thing needs to realize that the market only cares about money. It does not care about things like the envirement, war, or the overall good. All the market cares about is the bottem line.
And that kinda attitude can be good at times, money is really improtat. but its not the most important thing, there needs to be *some* regulations in place.
@_date: 2013-03-20 01:11:36
Usually, but not always. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:28:57
You are an objectivist? An ayn rand objectivist? Dude... have you even taken a philosphy class? Objectivism is... you know what? Not even going to go into it. Philosphy is not somthing I want to get into on a bitcoin subreddit, lol.


Uhh.... ok. well, tell you what, if force is so anti life and anti reason, how exactly is it that you can *move*?
Because last I checked, the human body cant move without force. 


I dont want it regulated, actually. There is no effective means of regulating bitcoin that I can see, so attempting to regulate falls under my "shit that wont work" chatigory. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:45:33


Either take that shit back or I am done talking to you. EVERYONE deserves shelter, and food, and a decent wage. EVERYONE. To deprive them of basic human nessisties because they make bad finacial choices is the height of... the height of nastyness, really.
Either take that shit back, and tell me you understand that every human has a basic right to live with a roof over their head and a nutrishois diet, regardless of the decisions (finachial or otherwise) they have made, or this conversation is over.
If you think that people living on the streat is ok, then you should go try it somtime. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 01:22:45


Because without regulations, businesses would not pay good wages and vacation hours, without regulations business would be free to have unfair hiring practeses, without regulations businesses could monopolise, without regulations businesses would not have to provide health benifits. Sure, they *could*, but because it does not bennifte their bottem line, why would they? Look at wal-mart, its employees are treated *horribly*. And you think that will improve if we got rid of regulations? 
And what about health regulations? Whats to stop a big company from creating the next big drug, marketing it as a cure all, and selling it without adiquitly testing its affects? Hundreds, thousands could die. all because some giant pharmisutical decided its not worth the money to adequately test a drug.


I dont know about JPMorgan, but property rights wont stop trash copaines from dumping toxic shit in the ocean.


Uh... never? Mostly because I;ve never heard of meijer. Not sure what this has to do with regulations, tbh.


Yes it does! *regulated* capitalism does indeed do that! Forutently we dont live in a society where buisness can do whatever the hell they want.


Quality assurance, making sure employees are treated like human beings, and protecting the environment.
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:16:14


thats one way to put it. I normally put it as "ensuring that employees compinsate their workers fairly, and ensure they are paid at least enough to live off of". But what you said and what I said are essentially the same thing, making sure their is a solid minimum wage and basic benifits.


The state not permiting it=regulations.


Wait...  seriouse question, does somone own the ocean? I mean, I know parts of it are owned by varios countries, but open ocean isnt really owned by anyone. its not anyones "property". So I dont see how its a property rights issue.


Aaaah, no thats not what I meant.


You are right, those things suck. But regulations did not cause those things, indeed, it was a lack of oversight and cahonies to prosicute those who manipulate the system.
I would argue that the flaws your pointed out would be better addressed by *more* regulations, and tougher prosecutors to enforce them.
@_date: 2013-03-20 02:55:34


This subreddit is insane. You want people to like bitcoin? Destroy this fucking place.
Im out. I give up. Im going back to the askreddit circlejerk from whence I came.
@_date: 2013-03-19 23:41:23


Uh..... hello us gov, all bitcoin transactions are free for anybody to look at. You want to take a look at our books? Go ahead. ANYONE can. thats the whole bloody point. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 03:27:34
oh joy, and here I am trying to extradite my self from this whole dang thing.