@_author: 8811282
@_date: 2017-11-22 19:04:31
Yeah I don’t care about the ideology at all. I just want to make some money. Seems like a lot of people on this sub really look down on that for some reason. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:23:05
Uh most investments don’t pay dividends dude. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:03:40
This does not constitute official tax advice and you should always consult a paid CPA before filing anything with the IRS. Always consult with a tax advisor before taking any advice. This is purely meant to demonstrate common tax concepts for educational purposes.
Well with that said:
No problem! And yeah anytime you trade it for another specifically identifiable asset it will create a taxable event. So yes you have to pay tax on each step.
Buy BTC @ $10, two years later it’s worth $20.
You use that BTC to buy XLM (let’s say market price of $1), and at that time the fair market value of your BTC is worth $20, so it allows you to buy 20 XLMs.  But your basis (what you put in) is still $10. This gives rise to a taxable event because you use an appreciated capital asset (property in this case. NOT a currency) to acquire something of greater value than what you ever put in. So you owe capital gains tax on that $10 capital gain. When you recognize that gain, it goes into your basis and increases it to $20.
Now let’s say you sell that XLM for $10 USD, you’ll have a $10 capital loss you can deduct from your capital gains. And you would have a net $0 capital gain for the year.
Or you sell it for $30 USD, your basis was $20 since you already recognized a gain on the previous transaction, so you’ll owe capital gains tax on a total of $20 of capital gains for the year. 
It’s possible that the BTC to XLM situation is eligible for deferred tax under section 1031, but I would think that it’s excluded just like stocks and some other items are. They usually keep any type of financial asset as not being eligible. I would be shocked if crypto is eligible for 1031. This is not really my speciality so I can’t answer that without some research. I specialize in corporate international taxation.
The overall answer to this thread is no there’s nothing you can do to reduce tax liability after you’ve already made the trades. The answer to all this is just get ready to pay up. You need to have tax in mind when making your transactions, after the fact is too late. That’s why we make all our money in tax planning, not tax compliance, because our best opportunities to save money are by doing things differently from the beginning. That’s why tax planning requires learning about the business and finding ways to align tax strategies with the overall business goals, since the overall business goals come first. But that’s also why it’s way more expensive, we have to learn much more than just tax rules. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 18:50:11
Blockchain is the new system, bitcoin is just a value transferring system that uses blockchain.
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:38:59
Okay yeah that was probably a bit much but come on dude you start off by implying that bitcoin is for dumb people...that’s kind of insulting. 
Institutions do not care at all about “drama” on the internet. They only care about quantifying risk, so if that drama can lead to significant risk, then they’ll care. None of that drama has ever caused a long lasting change in bitcoins value, so I don’t see why they would care.
But i still overall stand by what I said about limitless upside. That’s a completely meaningless buzzword. 
Edit: also I really don’t care about what BTC is vs what ethereum is. Not that I’m in not interested in it, it just makes no difference to me when it comes to purchasing decisions. Right now I just care about making a short term profit, so I really only care what the price is and where that price is going. Ethereum being a whole system really doesn’t have much of an affect on the price of ETC or ETH since you can just make your own tokens to use on the system. Since it has no affect on the price of those coins, I don’t see why it would come into play in my investment decision at all. Especially seeing as most of the things it does, will be possible with bitcoin in the next year.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:44:10
Can appear at an audit, doesn’t mean he ever wants to and that’s the absolute worst case scenario. It’s about the appearance and it doesn’t look good to other clients. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:24:37
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:26:34
Ah big 4 intern life was the best...enjoy it while you can 
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:47:12
Yeah how old someone’s reddit account is directly correlated with what they know, you’re right. Massive losses? It’s not even possible to have massive losses if you’ve been holding on to BTC or ETH seeing as they’re both near all time highs...you’re a moron. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:28:53
It’s complete enough if you’re fine being conservative.
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:27:14
Bitcoin will never overtake the USD. The fed will never allow it. It ever becomes close you can guarantee that bitcoin will be effectively outlawed. As a US citizen bitcoin really just isn’t that useful to me except as an investment. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:01:02
Hahaha yeah I was saying it more from the CPAs perspective. It definitely depends what the audit is for too. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:25:55
You can do the same thing with credit cards though? Just use Apple pay (or another app) and scan the QR on your phone. I already do that, and I get paid in USD. So why would I take the extra step of converting my USD to bitcoin when I can already pay with USD the way you described? 
For US citizens there is no (legal) payment facilitation that bitcoin can do that we do not already have. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 19:27:54
Hm didn’t know that, thanks! I just always hear about the pay protests having to do with the public nurses I guess. So why don’t they go into the private sector then? 
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:46:42
Well I don’t expect anyone else to take care of me, and I would like to be wealthy. So yeah I sacrificed and picked a job that payed well. There are plenty of other things I would have rather done that be an international taxation consultant, but I can’t just get whatever I want. I think every day about how what I do is boring and has no purpose, but it puts food on the table, and will ensure I have money when I have a family. I made a sacrifice, why can’t other people sacrifice too? 
When I save up enough money, I’ll quit and go start my own business. My dream job also was to teach, but that doesn’t pay well, so I made a sacrifice. It’s called personal responsibility. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:37:36
Well her tenure is almost over anyways.  But yeah it’ll never be the federal reserves “responsibility” (probably will fall to the SEC) but the Federal reserve with fractional banking is one of the US governments most powerful tools. That tool depends on USD being the world standard for payment and valuation. If bitcoin ever came close to taking over as the world standard for payment and valuation, the US government absolutely would do something to stop that. 
Edit: I guess I should clarify I was using “the fed” as a stand in term for the US government. I used fed because usually that implies it has something to do with USD and fractional banking.
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:27:58
I posted some replies to this person and then looked at the comment history and realized I was probably wasting my time. This person is just a flat out socialist with no understanding of how salaries are determined in a market. Read my replies to him/her if you’d like to see my points, they’re pretty similar to yours. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 19:03:40
Spot on. It’s so weird because I see people act like this person on the internet all the time but I honestly don’t really know anyone in real life that is as entitled as this person is. I guess it really shows a difference in values that I don’t really know people like this. I would never associate with someone so entitled.
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:34:09
Well why don’t those women just go into higher paying fields if they want to make more money? 
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:04:48
Yeah but if the US government bans it then it completely defeats the purpose of bitcoin for the average US citizen. In that type of situation, only people who use bitcoin for illegal purposes would continue to use it. On a large national scale, It’s effectively dead as a currency or store of value at that point. Then it only functions as a facilitation of illegal payments. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:32:52
CPA here. That’s not correct. First off there is guidance from the IRS on crypto, and it’s not even that complicated tax wise so I don’t think any competent CPA would shy away unless they just thought it wasn’t worth their time. crypto currency is extremely simple tax wise...
Secondly, we don’t have our asses covered by making you pay the maximum tax. When taking an uncertain tax position, yes we take on more of a risk. But as long as we don’t act with gross negligence and we fully explain everything to your client we’re basically covered from any legal issues. There are certain forms to file for uncertain tax positions just for this reason. Also it’s not that CPAs necessarily don’t want to do it, but usually we’ll charge a lot more for an uncertain tax position, and often the client is not willing to pay that. It’s more about reputation than legal issues: our other clients don’t want to hear about the us having to explain a transaction or a position to the IRS, and usually our other clients are going to be far more important to our business than some one off guy with $1 mil in crypto.
Pay us enough extra, and sure we’ll do it.
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:58:55
Uh no. What field do you work in? Don’t try to lecture me on this when you don’t know what you’re talking about. Investments include speculative assets, interest paying bonds, non interest paying bonds, dividend stocks, non divided stocks, etc. there’s no such term as “real investments”. Anything you put money into (invest) and expect to make a return on, is an investment. Lol please go say this in any professional environment, you will look like a fool. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 01:20:28
Oh yeah exactly, huge for people in other countries as a payment vehicle. Cross border payments is where there is a huge need even for American citizens, especially with multinational companies. 
But I think the blockchain is the important thing, not really bitcoin. In the field I work in (international tax) some of the planning and restructuring projects we work on wouldn’t even exist if some of our clients used blockchain technology.  The need to hedge routine transactions would drop dramatically. But there is no need to use bitcoin for it, you can just institute Blockchain technology with USD. Using bitcoin actually adds more risk for companies. Since financial statements and taxes are reported in terms of USD, you would still have to translate all your bitcoin financials to USD anyways. If you just used USD in the first place it wouldn’t be an issue. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:35:44
No it’s honestly just because other clients don’t like us having any dealings with the IRS (no one likes the IRS snooping around their CPA) and you probably aren’t willing to pay enough to make your work more important than our other clients. It’s not about any legal issue, we can take aggressive positions as long as we act with due care and fully inform our client of the risks. See my other comment, I’m a CPA and I’ve had people complain to me about this before. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:24:06
I don’t think that should be the goal. I think the goal should be that regardless of sex, gender, race, orientation, etc. that people are given what they earn. If I find out my women coworkers are getting paid less for the same job I am doing, I absolutely would be pissed. They are doing the same work as me, so they should get the same pay as me. Those women chose to sacrifice job satisfaction for money just like I did. If some women choose job satisfaction over pay, well that’s their choice, no one forced them into it. Also think about it from my women’s coworkers perspective, they sacrificed to make sure they make money, why should the women who didn’t get paid just as much as they do? 
And from an economic perspective, where do you think the money to increase those salaries will come from? The market determines salary, how do suggest we increase salaries in fields/industries that don’t bring in as much money? There is no direct financial link between the company I work for and say a hospital, so how would you even go about taking money from me and putting it into their salaries? It’s different when you speak about a man being paid more than a woman for the same job, because then the money is there in that specific market, it just has to be reallocated from one person to another. 
Also from an economic perspective what you suggest will cause mass unemployment and a huge lack of people going into certain jobs. If we pay the same for all jobs, everyone will choose the jobs with high job satisfaction, like teaching and nursing. Why would I have chosen to be a consultant where I work twice as much (average 55 hour weeks and no summer off) when I could have a way more satisfying job that pays the same? So now we’ll have twice as many people wanting to be teachers, and there won’t be enough jobs for everyone to be a teacher. Also we’ll have a lack of people wanting to be consultants. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 03:57:50
Well no that’s just a dumb thing to say. Now you’re acting the same way they are, but with Ethereum. There’s no way for you to truly know if ethereum is the better investment, but you’re convinced smart people leave for ethereum. You’re making it bitcoin vs etheruem and if you pick bitcoin somehow you’re just dumb. You don’t need to get involved in all the drama to participate in bitcoin. To dismiss people in it as stupid is just as ignorant to get involved in BTC vs bcc drama. 
And “limitless upside”, what the hell does that even mean? That’s no different then just spouting stuff about Satoshi’s vision and to the moon!!!11!! type of phrases. “Limitless-upside”has to be the most generic, anti-intellectual, substance-void buzzword I’ve heard in a long time. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:52:34
Yep, might as well get our piece while we can.
Yeah the lack of any really discussion is pretty frustrating. Also the whole BCC and r/BTC vs BTC and r/bitcoin “fight” is so fucking dumb. People act like such purists and that you better hate one and support the other. It’s basically turning into the style left vs right politics where there’s no discussion and it’s just about “beating” the other side. If you’re that emotionally attached to a very specific crypto currency (for non financial reasons), you might want to reevaluate your priorities. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:34:06
I’m a tax expert, and I’ve been thinking about this for a while. Would people be interested if I️ wrote some articles explaining how crypto is taxed and the filing requirements? 
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:33:54
One more thing I’d like to point out to you. The reason nurses are underpaid is because the UK has socialized healthcare. The government sets the nurse salaries, and is able to set it below market value. Here in the US where we do not yet have socialized healthcare and the government does not set salaries, nurses are very well compensated. If a nurse is underpaid at her hospital, there’s plenty of other hospitals willing to hire talent and pay more for that nurse to come over. In the UK that choice to pick a higher nurse salary does not exist, you’re stuck with the government mandated salary. I don’t know why you keep mentioning GDP, that has nothing to do with determining salaries. Salaries are determined by what other people are willing to pay, and what pay people are willing to accept. Bankers are not economic contributors, they contribute nothing to GDP just like nurses, but they have high salaries because people are willing to pay those salaries.
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:11:57
Well then how about comment with like real negatives to coinbase (which actually add to the discussion, and there are plenty of downsides to coinbase to talk about) rather than just saying some stupid meaningless thing about the evil banks. People have issues with coinbase because they’re kind of a shit company with bad customer service, not because they’re evil “banister agents”. Lol whatever the fuck that even means. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:04:49
CPA here. You’re correct, if the asset appreciated in value over the year it’s better to use LIFO. If it depreciated in value, it’s better to use FIFO.
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:38:02
Sure feel free to PM me, I'll take a look. and well the issue with that is something called depreciation recapture. That's to stop exactly what you're talking about haha (one thing you'll learn with tax - it's all been tried before). If you take more than a full year's depreciation and then sell it before the asset is actually fully depreciated, you basically have to pay that depreciation back. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:12:14
No you don’t. You have the grammar of a ten year old, and your post history shows that’s you’re an absolute moron. Speculating is a type of very high risk investment.
Lol I especially love your complete meltdown posts about the prices of BTC. You’re not very stable. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:01:52
I really hope this is slight sarcasm haha. This is absolutely horrible advice and only works if you’re willing to commit slight tax fraud. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 02:08:10
Alright I’m done with this, go work on your English. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:38:38
No problem. Now that’s a very easy one. Anything that would be considered a necessary and ordinary business expense can basically always be deducted from from your revenue to arrive at taxable income. You never really pay tax on revenue, it’s always on profit.  
But now the equipment would not be fully deductible in that year. Only a portion of it would be fully deductible because think about it - if you deduct the full expense of the equipment in year one, what do you deduct every year after that? The equipment would be considered a capital asset and would be subject to depreciation rules. Under those rules you deduct a certain amount per year. so essentially you’re able to deduct the portion of the equipment value that was used up during the year. Now with the new tax bill, capital assets are fully deductible in year one, so you could deduct the full thing in year one. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 18:51:09
Way too many people conflate blockchain technology with bitcoin. Blockchain will change the world, bitcoin won’t. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 19:32:48
Who cares what Satoshi wanted. If coinbase can help this guy’s business, he should use coinbase.
Coinbase makes a shit ton of money being an exchange, take off your tinfoil hat. Sure they’ll sell your data to third parties, but not anymore than any other website does.
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:52:18
Yeah I made a sacrifice and picked a boring job that pays well. Why should people who don’t do that see some big increase in their salary just for the sake of making our salaries even? Also you will see a complete oversupply of people wanting to work in those jobs if you artificially raise wages to make it even to other jobs. Like why would I go work my boring ass consulting job if I can be a teacher, really help people,  and make the same? 
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:04:33
I’m not denying that at all, I’m holding long term. But bitcoin becoming a mainstream thing will have just about no effect on my life personally. There’s really nothing bitcoin can do for me that Venmo and credit cards don’t (if you think the Fed will ever allow bitcoin to overtake USD, I have beachfront property in Nebraska to sell you). In my own situation Bitcoin will only ever be a really inefficient way of payment, or an investment vehicle. 
And I just get a bit annoyed with the whole culture behind it on this sub. There’s no real discussion and it’s all Hodl!! and memes lol!!! 
That’s the main part of the “ideology” I find fucking stupid. It’s the blindness to it all, there’s no real discussion. 
Edit: and I know plenty of people will look down on not caring since it doesn’t effect me, but everyone picks and chooses their causes. I don’t guilt other people for not caring about the charity cases I do. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 17:14:01
Once again, I don’t care. None of that has any bearing on the profit I’ll make in the next year. 
Lol dude I saw your post history. I think you might be a little pissed you missed out on the bitcoin spike. You might be the last person I’d listen to, you have some weird hatred for bitcoin. They’re damn investments, not lifestyle choices.