@_author: 8qdkrdtx6tfavr
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:44:53
I believe things like the LN will eventually kill bitcoin's value.  Sure, v1 requires Bitcoin be locked up for transactions/channels.  Future side-chains won't even bother using BTC, because all that matters is the Bitcoin ledger entry.  Might as well be a 0.0000001 BTC transaction.  The only value is in hashing batched data (from a completely independent side-chain) and recording a cheap transaction to validate it globally in a decentralized way.
The ledger is what's valuable.  BTC the "currency" will eventually just be gas for mining transactions... much like ETH and Ethereum.  As a result, it's transactional value will decrease substantially.
@_date: 2017-12-21 01:51:16
Any genuine curiosity on your part would be far more helpful than having me do a google search for you.
"Economists generally believe that deflation is a problem in a modern economy"
"When prices are falling, consumers have an incentive to delay purchases and consumption until prices fall further, which in turn reduces overall economic activity. When purchases are delayed, productive capacity is idled and investment falls, leading to further reductions in aggregate demand. This is the deflationary spiral."
"Until the 1930s, it was commonly believed by economists that deflation would cure itself. As prices decreased, demand would naturally increase and the economic system would correct itself without outside intervention.  This view was challenged in the 1930s during the Great Depression."
"Deflation was present during most economic depressions in US history"
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:41:58
Of course there is an in-between.  Imagine side-chains that use 0.000001 BTC transactions just to validate batches of hashed data on the Bitcoin blockchain.  The transaction amount doesn't matter.  It's just the ledger entry that provides security for data/value that is managed entirely on an independent side-chain.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:14:15


If you understood how economies work, you wouldn't.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:27:52
I provided a little more detail about 4-5 steps up this discussion chain.  Let me expand further here...
A deflationary currency slows economic activity.  It encourages hoarding currency rather than investing in creating new value for the economy.  And while saving money is important, it's also critical to keep a decent amount flowing in order to drive innovation and investment.  
With deflation, hoarding money becomes a better "investment" than taking action and producing new things that people want (either as an entrepreneur or an employee).  As a result, any economy with a deflationary model will eventually lose to a more vibrant one, be it through financial or eventually military might.
I could go into a lot more detail, but honestly - none of your replies suggest an interest in learning about this.  Am I wasting my time here?
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:30:12
It's really not as "normal" for Bitcoin as many suggest.
Sure, Bitcoin started out with lots of volatility, but that's not unusual for a new high-risk investment.  Then price was relatively stable from Dec 2013 to Jan 2017... with minor increases and decreases in value that are consistent with all sorts of other investments.
The last 5-7 months are a break from the norm.
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:49:39
Ok, here's what Merriam-Webster says:
Definition of currency:
1. circulation as a medium of exchange
2. general use, acceptance, or prevalence
3. something (such as coins, treasury notes, and banknotes) that is in circulation as a medium of exchange
4. paper money in circulation
5. a common article for bartering
Once again, none of the definitions come close to describing Bitcoin.  The overwhelming majority of people are trading dollars for bitcoin, or bitcoin for dollars.  So in terms of real-world usage, it's overwhelmingly being treated as a commodity or investment.  Not a currency.
I'm still curious why you said "of course it's a currency".  You made it sound like you had a reason for drawing that conclusion.  So, what leads you to believe it's a currency?
@_date: 2017-11-11 03:02:33
How can someone consider Bitcoin a "medium of exchange" when 99% of stores aren't willing to exchange it for something?
Sorry, but I don't find that reasoning compelling at all.
@_date: 2017-11-11 03:34:59


Two issues with this argument.
First, it seems like you are guessing and don't actually have a source on which you are basing this... which is becoming a pattern.
Second, local currencies are just that - local currencies.  They are designed as mediums for exchange in their local communities.  And I think it's safe to assume they are usable in the overwhelming majority of local stores and their online counterparts.  Kind of silly this even has to be pointed out.
So again, how is Bitcoin a medium of exchange when even online, it's not able to be exchanged for anything at 99% of stores.
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:40:45
"It of course is a currency"
What leads you to believe it's a currency?  I appreciate that it's viewed and promoted as such, but what makes that true?
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:16:42
Ok, I looked that up.  Google provides two descriptions:
"1. a system of money in general use in a particular country."
"2. the fact or quality of being generally accepted or in use."
Neither of those are remotely accurate descriptions of bitcoin.
The overwhelming majority of people are trading dollars for bitcoin, or bitcoin for dollars.  Just as they would any commodity.
There are workarounds to instantly convert BTC into dollars via a Bitcoin credit card (which is possible with gold and other commodities too), but of course the recipient in the vast majority of cases is collecting dollars, not BTC.
So, lets try this again.  What leads you to believe it's a currency?
@_date: 2017-11-11 04:13:33
I was genuinely curious if you had any reason to state Bitcoin is a currency.  As I looked up the sources/definitions you provided, it became clear that it isn't one.
This isn't a subjective thing.  The definitions you referenced are clear and objective.  Bitcoin does not meet the definition of a currency.  At least not yet.  It's being "bartered" in exchange for currency, not for goods and services.  This makes it a commodity.
I was hoping to learn something.  Instead I was just reminded that people can state things as if they are facts with little to no substance behind them.
@_date: 2017-11-11 03:54:07
Sorry, but your only source directly refutes your conclusion.
Merriam-Webster's "currency" definition 1a states "circulation as a medium of exchange".  Directly attached to that exact same definition (1b) is "general use, acceptance, or prevalence".
Same goes for the second definition that you referenced.  Definition 2a states "something (such as coins, treasury notes, and banknotes) that is in circulation as a medium of exchange" and attached to that 2c states "a common article for bartering".
Bitcoin doesn't have general use, acceptance, or prevalence as a medium of exchange.  It's not a common article for bartering.  It's not accepted in 99% of online stores.  And in rare instances where it is accepted, it appears to be more as a marketing gimmick.
@_date: 2017-11-11 00:39:29
Ahh, thank you for bringing this to my attention.  So it appears the highs/lows were somewhat stable, but there were significant swings between the two?  Am I understanding that correctly?
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:52:38
It doesn't matter if it's "predictable" deflation.  The spiral isn't driven by the currency gaining/losing value at an unpredictable rate.  It's driven by hoarding that spirals out of control.  Saving is good, but it isn't a substitute for productive capacity.  A controlled inflationary currency incentivizes action and investment over hoarding.








@_date: 2017-10-22 20:44:24
I strongly disagree.  I have several BTC.  I have absolutely no plans to use it as money.  It's strictly a high-risk/high-reward investment that I'm prepared to have crash in value at any time.
It's important to note that $100B is absolutely nothing in the grand scheme of the financial markets.  There is also a massive difference between wild speculation and real world usage.  Every single person I know that is investing in BTC is doing so as a high-risk investment, not for real usage.
To the best of my knowledge, very few people anywhere spend it.  And the folks that do are generally outliers that are doing so only to prove it's possible, not because it's a compelling experience for everyday spending.  What percentage of your monthly transactions are in bitcoin?
The elephant in the room is that the overwhelming majority of people don't want to manage their own security.  They prefer having an institution they can go to if something goes wrong.  They don't want to deal with technology, theft, fraud, or even loss due to their own mistakes.  And they want features like buyer protection and credit.  From their perspective it's all downside and no up.
And worse, even when something is far superior than it's predecessor, the overwhelming majority of the population are still in no rush to move to it.  The general consensus in tech is that something has to be 10x better just to get peoples attention.  In it's current form, BTC is a worse experience for the average person in the developed world.
I'm a big believer in blockchain and it's potential applications in the future and in under-developed countries, but IMHO BTC itself isn't even remotely close to demonstrating it's value as a practical every-day solution for the general public.  It could still very easily be crushed by a better crypto solution.
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:41:52
Tether not being backed 1:1 is only one concern.  There is also the very real possibility the US gov with shut them down for being a pseudo USD designed to circumvent regulations.  That alone will disrupt what is estimated to be about 20-30% of total info for crypto.
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:54:17
Umm, that comment doesn't address a single thing.  Did you just find a comment about deflation where the author seems confident... and then assume it was somehow a new argument?  As best as I can tell, whoever posted that is completely ignorant of the issues with a deflationary currency.
It doesn't matter if it's "predictable" deflation.  The spiral isn't driven by the currency gaining/losing value at an unpredictable rate.  It's driven by hoarding that spirals out of control.  Do your own research.  Understand the real problem.  Don't just look for a random person that confidently spouts nonsense.
I've replied to that post, but I'm not expecting an interesting discussion.
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:50:22
Of course it was a choice.  Even today, nobody has to use a Visa card.  They can use cash, debit, or even cheques.  They use it for the benefits of convenience, borrowing, and/or buyer protection (especially online... because people are scared of digital spending).
The BTC community loves to create this image like people are suffering under government fiat currency.  Yes, there are many downsides, but there are also many upsides.  Relative pricing stability, 100% acceptance across the country, many flexible ways to make and collect payment, etc.
I'm not saying it's perfect.  Just that BTC's deflationary structure is a very bad example of a crypto that could realistically be a currency.  It would lead to mass hoarding and would result in economic suicide.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:48:03
You don't need good timing.  You only need to feel confident that a new all-time high is not ALSO a new future low.
Better yet, sell only 20-30% of your holdings at all time highs.  Then you win no matter what... and have a decent chance of getting free BTC when it inevitably drops below that sell price high.
@_date: 2018-02-16 02:55:39
Based on what?
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:48:27
You don't have to time anything.  Sell 20-30% of holdings when a massive unusual spike creates a new ATH.  Then only buy when the price is lower.  Absolute worst case scenario is your remaining 70-80% holdings just go up indefinitely and the price never comes down.  Not exactly bad news.
IMO, the only reason not to take advantage of this is laziness or a twisted sense of greed... where you are so confident that the price is going to go up that you don't want to miss additional gains.
By selling, you win either way.  If it goes up... you're very happy as you still hold plenty of BTC.  If it goes down... even better because you sold high and now have a choice to reinvest at a lower price or to just enjoy the profits.
@_date: 2017-10-20 23:35:18
1. Track ever single order with exact price paid (total cost after fees, etc.).
2. Never sell for less than the total price paid (even if you have to wait a long time).
3. When there are unusual/fast/big spikes that create a new all-time high... sell 20-30% of holdings.
This does a few things.  First, it takes real profit off the table.  There is no real profit until something is sold, and holding forever just means that your entire investment is always at risk.
Second, IF the market drops, you have a choice.  You can keep your profit instead of having that sinking feeling like everything might collapse OR you can buy back in at a lower rate.  Both are fine.
Nice thing is you can't lose (at least not in relation to the riskier HODL method).  If the price drops, you got some profit out and have a choice to reinvest.  If the price goes up, you still have 70-80% of your holdings, so you feel great.  And there is a decent shot the price will fluctuate below your sell price as it's very unlikely a rapid increase sets a new "low" point for the BTC value.
For anyone that is reasonably confident the price will go up, the only downside is that you might miss out on some gains.  In that case, you are essentially trading some possible gains to minimize risk and take some real profit off the table.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:14:19


This isn't a fair comparison.  If Bitcoin was the primary currency than it would be GUARANTEED to continue to increase in value.  There would be no risk.  The supply of goods and services is always growing, so having a fixed amount of currency supply means a guaranteed steady/strong increase in value.
Right now this is not the case.  Some people are extremely confident in Bitcoin, but we have to remember there have been long periods of non-growth (2-2.5 years) and it could easily still crash.  The current market is very speculative no matter how much of a circle jerk you see here on reddit.
The vast majority of people I know that invest in crypto do so only with the funds they are 100% comfortable losing.  Anyone considering it a guaranteed high rate of return doesn't understand the risk they are involved in.
@_date: 2017-10-20 22:03:38


Nothing in life is guaranteed.  Certainly not speculation on one form of crypto.  You can have all the confidence in the world in the tech as a whole, but no one variant is guaranteed to succeed.
Example One: Even if you had 100% confidence that "social networks" were going to be a thing.  That didn't stop MySpace from being a terrible investment (even though it had rapid growth).
Example Two: Even if you knew people would always buy or rent movies, it didn't mean Blockbuster was guaranteed to go up.  It took a dive when Netflix came along.
Example Three: Even if you knew the Internet would be amazing, it doesn't mean buying Compuserve stock was a good investment... again, despite showing lots of signs of early growth.
You can believe in the tech behind crypto without making the irrational assumption that a 5-10 year growth trend in BTC will go on forever.  It will go until it doesn't.  Take profits while you can or be greedy and risk losing it all.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:57:32
Yes, I did... and why did you make up that quote?
My point is that the only reason to HOLD after a huge increase in value is if you are predicting the current price is the cheapest BTC will ever be.
You don't have to be able to predict market swings to sell right now.  You only have to feel reasonably confident that at some point in the future, BTC will be available at a lower price than the current all-time high.
@_date: 2017-10-22 13:49:48
You may not think it'll be a primary currency, I may not think that, but many people that are speculating on BTC seem to be convinced it will.
IMHO, if you honestly believe it will continue to rise at rates resembling the last few months, and you don't think there is much risk it will crash, then I have no idea how you justify spending much on anything beyond the bare essentials in the meantime.  Either you have confidence and want to be rich, or you don't and you won't.
I can only assume you are overstating your confidence while perhaps realizing there is indeed more risk that you'd like to state here.
@_date: 2017-10-20 21:08:05
This is BTC, not traditional stocks.  We're seeing regular swings of 5-20% and a steady increase in value over time.  Not exactly difficult to make winning bets.  The ONLY way to lose is to sell for less than you paid.  Pretty hard to mess that one up.
@_date: 2017-10-20 23:49:56
This is not a bad problem to have.  You still hold 70-80% of your original BTC, so you're happy the price went up.  And no, it's not "small profits" when you do this after 5-15% spikes... unless you're dealing with fractions of a BTC or something.
It's not a "short position".  It's taking profit and risk off the table.  For example, if I have $50k in BTC, I can take $10k off.  Wait for it to climb to $50k in value again, and repeat.
Either (a) it keeps going up and soon I have all my money out plus have a nice BTC holding or (b) it doesn't and I'm really glad I got at least some of my money out and I can re-invest at a lower price.
IMHO it's super greedy to think "bitcoin is for sure going up, and I would be so sad if I only made 60% instead of 180% returns".  The goal is to (a) minimize risk and (b) create an opportunity to buy at a lower price if BTC drops... the later actually gives you a chance to make far more than just holding.
It's all about options and feeling great about BTC going up or down.
@_date: 2018-02-07 19:03:22
The world may have finite resources, but we are becoming increasingly more efficient in how we use them.  In some cases, doubling efficiencies year over year effectively doubles the resource output... which leads to a growing economy.  And that's not taking into consideration that we will almost certainly be making use of resources beyond our planet in the next 30-100 years.
Inflation also keeps debt in balance.  Quick example, lets say that only $10 exists in the entire world.  I lend all $10 to you at 20% interest for one year.  You then owe me $12 from a total supply of $10.  How will you pay me back?  You would have to borrow to pay me back... and how will that work?
Inflation serves the poor.  It waters down the cost of mortgages, loans, and other debts... as well as the value of money hoarded by the rich.  It forces money to be used in productive ways in order to keep up with inflation.  Otherwise the rich would endlessly get richer through interest and/or just simply holding dollars while costs increase in a growing economy.
@_date: 2018-02-07 21:51:49
To be fair, they aren't mutually exclusive ideas.  Most crypto currencies probably will crash to zero (plenty of scams or poorly executed alts).  And yet, the market could possibly surge as a whole... and BTC could do well too.  Based on headlines alone, there is no conflict here.
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:58:47
Investing using hindsight logic is really bad.  Not only is it unfair to pick winners after the fact, but it's also unfair to assume you would hold the investment for so long.
If you knew with absolute certainty it's going to 100,000... then you'd sell everything you own to buy BTC right now.  But that's FAR from a sure thing.  Same goes for holding BTC after seeing large gains.  It's silly to assume you would just continue to hold after already doing very well with it in the past.
There are large stretches where BTC had little to no movement.  One example is late 2013.  After having huge gains in the past, BTC dropped with no real recovery for 2+ years.  Without knowing the future - this would have been a very reasonable time to cash out having done exceptionally well to that point.
It's silly to use hindsight to perfectly map out a strategy.  Might as well do the same for stocks... only trick is picking the winners from the losers, but sounds like you have a time machine.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:29:03
A scarcity mindset has nothing to do with divisibility.  The problem is BTC is deflationary and modern economies are always growing.  This means that if BTC was the primary currency it would steadily increase in value.  This sounds good on paper, but it would create hoarding and it would kill the economy.
I say this knowing full well that many people, my former self included, think that this might drive savings and be a good thing.  But it would actually just result in the rich getting FAR richer.  They would aggressively buy up all the BTC and just sit on their gains... and the poor would do their best to do the same.  The economy would grind to a halt.  Nobody would want to spend a penny, because it would be so hard to get it back.
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:27:49


Nothing in life is guaranteed.  Everyone is making a prediction.  Some predict it will go up.  Some predict it will crash.  I'm just betting that a new all-time high is not setting the bar for a new all-time low.
For what it's worth, I wouldn't put any money in BTC I wasn't 100% comfortable losing.  Crypto as a tech is very likely here to stay, but it doesn't take much creativity to imagine scenarios where BTC crashes for good.  And they don't all rely on investors losing faith or even the tech failing.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:49:53
Everyone is predicting something.  By holding you're effectively predicting this all-time high is a new future low (as in, it will never be available for cheaper ever again).  I'm predicting a new all-time high is probably not a new future-low.  Who is more likely to be correct?
Moreover, if you only sell 20-30% of your holdings... you still win no matter what happens.  If it really is a new low... that's really great news.  If it isn't... even better.
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:41:55


Just stop.  This is two comments in a row where you've put words in my mouth and then debated those words as if you are somehow making a relevant point.  What a waste of time.


You don't "lose" money by cashing out profits.  IMO, it's far worse to suggest to people that the price will go up forever.  Crypto as a tech is very likely here to stay, but it doesn't take much creativity to imagine scenarios where BTC crashes.  And they don't have to involve investors losing faith or the tech failing.
Might as well make some profit during the swings.  It's both greedy and lazy to advocate for holding when there is such a clear opportunity to do better.
@_date: 2017-10-20 16:39:42
People say hold when it's up, and hold when it's down.  No point in just mindlessly holding when there is far more money to be made in the swings.
@_date: 2017-10-22 19:37:26
The problem is if you cut off the ability for government to print money, they will just tax for the same amount.  They don't automatically become more efficient.  And now instead of having a tool for smoothing out purchasing power and watering down debts (inflation actually lowers the cost of debts), you just have higher taxes.
Not saying I want those things.  Just describing what I think would happen in that scenario.
@_date: 2017-10-20 16:38:02
Now is as good a time as any to sell, not buy.  Never buy at all time highs.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:29:19
With massive swings you don't need to have good timing.  You just have to sell at a high.  Odds are that new high isn't also the new low, so you'll be able to buy back for cheaper.
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:33:39
The exact same thing could have been said about MySpace and all the bands, artists, and entertainers that were invested in it being a success.  But when Facebook came along... it basically went to zero.
Crypto can be successful without BTC.  And of course it doesn't have to go to true "zero" for you to lose all your gains and more... unless you bought in at the very beginning.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:46:27
People didn't need to know about MySpace in order to jump on the Facebook train.  They don't need to hear about v1 of an application in order to later hear about v2 and buy that as their first purchase.  This is really flawed logic.
It doesn't take much creativity to think of numerous ways BTC could fail that have nothing to do with investor faith, a replacement, or even some sort of failure of the tech itself.  So many ways it could still crash regardless of how many people have heard of it.
@_date: 2017-10-21 15:19:09
I'm not advocating for ALTs.  Just pointing out that you can be an early adopter in BTC and still not do well in crypto overall.  It's deflationary structure seems great for investment, but it's also what makes it useless as a currency.  Nobody wants to spend it.
And no, BTC isn't well-armed against new innovations.  It's just the best crypto that has been created so far.  It doesn't take much creativity to think of many scenarios where it could crash and, in hindsight, the risks would have appears so obvious.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:47:47
You buy back in whenever you feel like it's a good investment.  Or you just keep your profits and enjoy them.  This might mean waiting for a 5-20% drop in price or just buying back in for a smaller amount and taking profit off the table.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:49:42
The goal is finding a balance between holdings and profits.  Having maximum holdings is worthless IF it crashes.  Just important to know that holding forever means your entire investment is always at risk.  There are plenty of examples of run-away stocks that grow, grow, grow... until they crash.
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:45:59
It's possible to be one of the crypto early adopters and still do very poorly as a result of buying BTC now.  For example, you could be the very last one to join the MySpace of crypto before the Facebook of crypto comes along and kills the party.
Crypto may be the future, but nothing guarantees BTC will be a major part in that.  Just look at the history of the Internet (BBS, Compuserve, etc.) to see a graveyard of protocols and companies that were just a part of the very successful Internet's history.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:43:42
That's not how investing works.  You can't "lose" by missing out on potential gains.  Moreover, you don't even lose potential gains unless the price never drops below what it was at when you sold.
@_date: 2017-10-21 15:11:48
If you took a few minutes to actually think about it... that's exactly what it does.  Lets say you borrow $500,000 for a house.  Inflation reduces the actual cost of that money over time.  Wages generally increase with inflation, but the cost of your mortgage doesn't.  Combine this with insanely low interest rates and it's even better.
Now let's say you are a millionaire with $5,000,000 in the bank.  That money is worth less and less over time.  And with interest rates it doesn't exactly grow much on it's own.  You have to find creative ways to invest and continue to grow it to stay rich.
Does the government abuse this by treating the printed money like a secondary tax... yes, absolutely.  But it's not as if the approach doesn't have it's merits.  It keeps the economy moving, helps those in debt, and forces the rich to keep investing to create new value.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:20:24


Stating your opinion as fact is not a strong argument.  History is littered with high flying first-to-market brands, technologies, and innovations that later get crushed.
I see absolutely no reason to view BTC as some magical exception.
@_date: 2017-10-22 20:54:03
It's also worth noting that popularity or social proof (many people buying into an idea) doesn't mean much.  There are literally billions of people on earth that are convinced they worship the one true god.
Even assuming there is a god, at least several billion of them have build their entire religious views around the wrong one.  All this despite them, their families, and most of the people they know all being convinced together that they are correct.
The lesson is, just because a bunch of people believe in something, and even follow through with major life commitments - that doesn't make it true.
@_date: 2017-10-21 15:28:50
Mortgage rates are insanely low.  This is as close to "free money" as the world has ever seen.  Honestly, if someone can't make it in this economy... they should stop trying.
No, I don't agree with "trickle down economics".  And I don't doubt there are abuses of power, exploitation by the rich, etc. 
I've held many views over the years, always seeking to understand why someone might hold a different view, and how I might be wrong so I can better understand things.  Much of what you are saying ties to views I used to believe, but have since realized they are unsupported.
People have a tendency to want to oversimplify things.  Rich people are bad.  Poor are abused.  Government is corrupt.  Inflation is always bad.  Deflation is always good.  The list goes on... and yet things aren't this simple.  There is more going on and it's not always something that sounds great in a witty one-liner.
I don't expect to convince you of anything here, but I would encourage you to read up more on these things.  Know what you believe, why you believe it, and then seek to understand why someone might disagree with you so either (a) you are more certain in your position or (b) you find out why you might be incorrect.
@_date: 2017-10-22 16:11:52
You misunderstand me.  I wasn't trying to discredit you.  I just explained why it's a complete waste of my time to discuss this when your starting position is one of wanting to ignore whole categories of inquiry.
Feel free to believe BTC is some magical unicorn of an investment with which nothing can compare.  I really don't care.  That's the beauty of the Internet.  It's easy to identify that someone isn't looking for a productive discussion... all before getting into a very detailed and nuanced discussion.  You saved me a lot of time.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:30:41
It may very well increase in value, but I'd bet it will drop well below the current price in the process.
@_date: 2017-10-22 21:10:10
You seem like a very reasonable person.  Agree with most everything you said.
Will be interesting to see where BTC goes in the future.  I'm not as optimistic as you overall, but have been buying/selling a few BTC this year as a high-risk/high-reward investment just to see what happens.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:40:50
Plenty of interesting points.  I agree with much of what you said.
I would only add that this is still one of the very best times, if not the very best time, to be alive.  Rich and poor alike have far more options than ever before.  And the internet is creating a back door into deeper education for everyone.
Of course, that doesn't mean everyone has grown up in a situation that helps them make the most of such resources (either in terms of motivation, parental guidance, or self confidence), but the world is absolutely getting to be a much better place for all.
And I believe much of this is owed to societal and government advancements, despite the flaws and corruption that still remain in the system.  There is less poverty, more education, and generally everything is getting better.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:45:17
How is that even relevant?  I'm making the case for a strategy that has worked well for me.  You're intentionally suggesting one that you know doesn't work as if that matters.
It's like me saying 1+1=2 and you come in "Well, not if they do 1+3!  How can you forget that!" Great point. Super relevant.
@_date: 2017-10-21 15:04:29
Yes, central power absolutely gets abused.  And yet it still introduces more efficiency than it takes, because people are far less rational than we may like to believe.  The gains by even a corrupt or abusive power system are better than no structure at all... and relative to other countries our system is actually pretty damn good.


I too used to believe this.  It's just not true.  Economic activity leads to far greater abundance for everyone.  Inflation benefits the poor far more than the rich, because it waters down their debts (mortgage, vehicles, etc).  Conversely it makes it so rich people have to keep finding ways to create value instead of just sitting on their wealth.  They can't just stop producing, because otherwise their wealth just slowly declines in value.
This may not seem right or fair for the wealthy, but it's a very good thing for an economy.  It keeps things moving, growing, and evolving.  There are downsides in the form of consumerism, but there are always extremes with every system.  Consumerism is relatively mild in the grand scheme of things.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:23:17
It's not the volatility that is the problem.  It's the strict deflationary structure.  That kills it's potential for use as a primary currency in a modern dynamic and growing economy.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:25:42
We're regularly seeing swings of 5-20%.  Fees don't come remotely close to that.
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:33:35
You don't have to time the high.  All I'm suggesting is when you see a super fast spike to a new ATH (like this morning) it probably isn't setting a new low.  It might not be the absolute high before it turns around, but you can still make a reasonable assessment that the price will be lower than a fast-spiked high at some point.
Important to remember very recently it went from 1900 to 4900.  Even if you missed the 4900 hard by selling at the earlier spike to 4300... there was a chance to buy back at 3400 shortly after that.  So even if you miss time things really bad... you can still do well as long as you assume at some point in the future the price will be lower than a fast-spike ATH.
@_date: 2017-10-20 21:54:59
Profit doesn't exist until you sell.  So if you NEVER sell, then you never actually have profit.  Even if BTC goes to $100,000... if it crashes after that to $1,000... you never actually had any profit unless you sold.  All of your gains are always at risk of a potential crash.
If you have any slight concern that it might crash or stall, then it's a really good idea to be taking profits.  Yes, you may miss out on some gains, but those gains are never profit unless you actually sell.
A balanced approach is buying for say $5k and selling when it reaches $8k (in terms of cash value, not BTC price).  Repeat this again and you have real profit and are only investing additional profits.  Plus, you always have the opportunity to dump all funds back in if the price tanks.  Nice to have choice.
The only reason not to do this is if you have 100% certainty the price will go up forever.  In which case you might as well sell your house and all your possessions and invest.  Even then, there is money to be made by buying low and selling high during big swings.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:22:00
It has forced deflation.  This kills it's potential as a currency for any modern society with a dynamic and growing economy.
@_date: 2017-10-20 19:06:30
Saying there is "money to be made" doesn't infer everything else you have chosen to add.  I didn't suggest it wouldn't take discipline, patience, or anything else.  I just said there is money to be made.  Stop putting words in my mouth.


Source?  I might need to remind you, cashing out profits and potentially missing out on additional future profits is NOT "losing money".  It's mitigating risk and looking for a better time to buy... all while still being in the positive.
There may be some people that are losing money due to really stupid decisions to sell at lows, but I find it hard to imagine that 9 of 10 are losing money during a period where BTC is steadily increasing in value.
Waiting for your source on 9 of 10 BTC traders losing money.
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:42:57
Now is the time to sell, so you can take real profits before it drops 30% and you can buy one for less.
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:35:41
Do you think you could sell it in reverse?  I mean, that's technically what has already happened.  People had gold and they preferred to use banks despite not having physical control of their money.  Then they preferred to have Visa cards for borrowing and buyer protection.  In other words, we had something like Bitcoin... and people preferred having less control, less risk, and more protection from institutions.
And what's worse... Bitcoin isn't gold.  It's far more complicated and there are lots of ways things can go wrong for people that aren't very tech savvy (the vast majority of the population).  So the question is, if Bitcoin was already dominant - could you sell them on regular banking?  I think it would be an easy sell to move away from Bitcoin.  And that's quite telling.
@_date: 2017-10-22 14:04:55
Judging by your reply you are WAY too eager to pre-disqualify any example that may be relevant.  I get the strong impression you are desperate to protect your view that BTC is somehow special or unique.  It's not.  It's ONE flavor of crypto and it can collapse or stagnate for any number of reasons.




If you were even remotely interested in learning and understanding how you might be incorrect - you wouldn't be going out of your way to limit possible comparisons.  This is the behavior of someone so defensive that they just want to plug their ears and cry "I can't hear you, I can't hear you!".
I don't care to have an argument.  If you are more interested in censoring opportunities to learn than having an actual discussion - this is a waste of time.
And no, I haven't "sold early".  I still have multiple BTC and am up 189%.  I just find it too compelling to sell small chunks during huge upswings, so later I can get free BTC by buying back in at a lower price.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:56:23


Congratulations.  This is EXACTLY why you can be quite confident Bitcoin will never be a usable currency.  Nobody is incentivized to spend it.  Why buy a loaf of bread this week when you can buy two next week.  Usable currency needs pricing stability, otherwise it's not functional.
And this is ignoring one HUGE elephant in the room.  That most people don't want to be responsible for their own financial security.  They really do want a bank or institution that they can go to in the event of fraud, theft, or other complex situations.  Sure, some want their own security, but they are a small minority of the general population.
@_date: 2017-10-22 19:34:06
I vaguely remember hearing that global population is slowing and will either stabilize or start to decline slightly, but it's been a while since I saw much on that.  With that said, there are other factors that drive economic growth including innovation, automation, increased employment, increased production, and further specialization.
Not sure if tying a currency to any one statistic would be effective or if there would have to be a more advanced algorithm at work.  And of course all of this assumes people want to use crypto as a currency.  Plenty of arguments for why, at least current flavors, aren't providing an improvement for most of the developed world.
@_date: 2017-10-21 21:42:52
The problem is much of the current BTC speculation is driven by people that believe it will replace currencies.  Crypto tech has other uses, I just wonder if ETH or other implementations will be far better suited for those scenarios.
@_date: 2017-10-21 15:34:56
I used to believe that.  Sounds great on paper, but it's a great way to commit economic suicide.  And not just because it hurts "extreme consumerism" or something like that.  But because it brings genuine innovation, production, and efficiency to a grinding halt.
It's a scarcity mindset that sounds great on paper, but is actually terrible for an economy.  Just like one car slamming on the breaks for a brief moment can stall out highway traffic for hours with no actual blockage.  This approach kills economic activity beyond just poor spending.