@_author: 93744638263665
@_date: 2015-12-06 20:32:11
I am an ex member of NXIVM and my email lit up like a Christmas tree today because of this thread. You people have cause a lot of excitement! I know there are a lot of other investigators and journalists probably reading this and I'll just tell you right now I'm not going to answer questions or do interviews. Period. Don't even ask.
I doubt the authenticity of this post, but then again it wouldn't surprise me if it was legit. NXIVM and all of Keith's phony companies are always looking for ways to hide cash. If you are considering taking them up on their offer, please make no mistake about it. THIS IS FOR MONEY LAUNDERING!
I was not in the inner inner circle at NXIVM, but I was close enough. When I quit, they made life hell for me just like the do for everyone. One of my close friends in the group left not long ago and is in protective custody.
I don't think there's any doubt indictments are coming at some point pretty soon. And I know because I'm going to testify for sure. So are 7 or 8 other people. I didn't do the main accounting, but I helped a lot and I saw everything. But the trouble with NXIVM is they have a lot of money mostly from the Bronfmans, Sara and Clare who have (or had) most of the Seagrams fortune. Because of that they've managed to muddy the water good. Their lawyers have tied up massive amounts of documents and evidence but eventually its all coming out.
Even if the Bronfmans went away suddenly there's so much new money coming in now. I'm not going to be specific, but if you look into it, the sources will be clear. A lot is coming from California, Utah, and Texas. A ton is coming from Mexico. Some from Canada. Nobody talks about where the Mexican money comes from because there's no proof. It always comes in cash and it always gets smuggled. That's why they are always trying to find a way to hide money. But if you think about money laundering and Mexico and then you think about the cartels that are running the place it isn't hard to see what Keith and Nancy are in to.
Also the tax evasion is unreal. Seriously you would think it was a joke if I told you some of the things that have gone on in NXIVM to hide taxes owed. It is stupid stuff too. When it comes out there's not going to be any way to hide what they did. Somebody is going to prison. But the documents need to get unsealed first.
By the way, Keith is a complete pig. And yes he goes by the name "Vanguard". It's is so so so creepy. They even have a holiday for a week every year during his birthday called "Vanguard week". It's a disturbing celebration of his life. He is the reason all of us left. He makes David Koresh look like a boy scout. I'm just surprised that more stuff hasn't already come out. He's a scary man. Watching him around kids is terrifying after knowing what I know. When Kristin Keeffe left she said there is so much horrifying stuff no one knows about. I saw some of it and I believe her when she says there's more.
That's my two cents. Don't get involved. Stay as far away from these people as possible. But I don't think anyone at NXIVM is stupid enough to have posted this obvious request. But as I sit here and remember some of the other stuff I saw, who knows.