@_author: 9bc9f56dde45a858
@_date: 2015-09-17 08:15:32
Good video but the voice over sounds like it's done on a laptop microphone rather than a professional studio, they'd do well re-recording that part and perhaps use a female voice since statistically people listen more to a female voice.
@_date: 2015-09-26 23:58:19
Good answer although should a hard fork should happen, all transactions would still enter both chains too as this is a hard fork about blocksize, not a transaction OP being valid in one and invalid in another.  So for regular users / transactions the fork makes almost no difference.  The only people it technically effects are miners for the first 100 blocks.  After this miners could try spending coins that exist in one chain but not the other but you can be sure exchanges will follow the strongest chain early on and/or not accept new coins until the fork is resolved.
Eventually the fork would be resolved (since even a hard fork will ensure one branch eventually is replaced due to human nature of people following the stronger chain)
So in summary:  Normal users don't need to worry about the technical implications as they probably won't notice it... there will be a lot of FUD around it to try and lower the price by the sharks wanting to purchase cheaper bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-09-11 20:33:11
A SD card is not suitable for cold storage, those things do deteriorate over time and you can be almost certain in 20 years when you go to read it the thing will be unreadable either because it's corrupt or because you can't find a compatible reader and thrown the thing out.  I.e. it's probably less reliable than putting it on a 3 1/2" floppy disk and wouldn't recommend that either.
Cold storage is best done with a simple paper wallet (bitaddress.org) and laminate it with copies dotted around in various locations.  You probably want to put a simple password on it too as a deterrent to opportunistic eyes in future (imagine lawyers having to view a copy for your will) but nothing too hard that you'll never guess.
(Try a few microbits first to make sure you're happy with the process on sending and extracting the funds at the address. Next destroy that paper wallet and do it again for your full balance).  The reason you want to always transfer funds entirely from a paper wallet, i.e. sweeping, is your bitcoin is most secure when you've never spent from the address you've sent funds to before.  
If that sounds a tad scary you can purchase a Trezor as this ensures your coins are secured the right way and gives you a single passphrase as a backup that can be used with or without Trezor existing in the future... well worth the money
@_date: 2015-09-18 08:42:40
Whilst you're right that it's an advanced type of log, equally a log is a database too since it records data that can be searched later.
The blockchain can also be pruned so items may be removed in time, only the merkel tree, UTXOs and a number of recent blocks are required for adequate security.
All of this is pedantic really as a blockchain is... well a blockchain, it's new and that's its name.
It belongs as a subset of the database domain just like sql, buckets, excel, filesystems and even logs do.
@_date: 2015-09-02 23:48:09
I'm not familiar with 'blockchains shared coin' feature, is this a service on blockchain.info per chance?
I'd be amazed if you've lost anything here.  If you made a valid transaction that was either published or it wasn't... that means your coins are either still at the original address or they moved to the address you intended.  Unless you hand crafted the transaction and screwed up the mining fees you should have confidence that you still have your money.
My guess is get electrum to rescan to find the funds or whatever the source wallet is has got a bug in and just needs to resync.  (If it's blockchain.info please highlight it so they know to look into it... either way your funds should be ok)
@_date: 2015-09-08 19:33:55
New users should download a simple wallet.
If they click on the smart link 
[ 
It detects the device they have and takes them to the most popular app in the respective appstores.
(iOS - AppStore-Bread wallet, Android - GooglePlay-MyCelium, PC/Mac - Electrum)
It's what I use to get people to install a wallet rather than asking them what device do they have and what do they need to search for in the appstore.  This single link lets you just say... here you go.
You can use a QR code with that  link too but not sure how many non-techies have QR code readers.
@_date: 2015-09-07 20:48:18
Localbitcoin has the highest difference but this is individuals who have to run the gauntlet of fraud risk in exchange for convenience hence charge a premium.
The other exchanges there is not much in it, I see $240 vs $242... I.e. less than 1%.  The fees of purchasing/selling/depositing funds/withdrawing funds is usually higher than this.
Also some exchanges only accept deposits in certain currencies and the deposit/withdraw turn around time on bank transfers can be days.
That's not to say there isn't opportunity, merely that some people are taking advantage of arbitrageur already... you can make a lot when you see them diverge in times of turmoil, many avoid it as it may be an early warning sign a particular exchange is in trouble when it stops following the rest of the world.
@_date: 2015-09-21 15:12:48
Not sure why anyone would downvote your comment, seems a pretty sensible question to me.
As I understand it though you can optionally keep the blocks, just you don't have to.
Large mining farms will certainly keep them.
The good thing about the merkel tree approach is you can prove if the block delivered to you is correct or not even without knowing the contents.  So if someone asks for a historical block as long as someone has it on the P2P network somewhere you'll be able to retrieve it.
Full nodes are important for serious miners or organisations including data in transactions, not sure I see a way of avoiding that but everyone doesn't need to do it.
@_date: 2015-09-26 17:36:36
The comments in the article also support this.
Reading this blog shows how bitcoin could really be an asset to the banks, the banks are full of smart people too.  They'd do well investing in the R&amp;D to scale out bitcoin faster, heck they could even use their brand name to build the first version oracles of LN and actually get involved in the new market rather than get pushed out by it.
@_date: 2015-09-17 08:22:41
It's the world's first truly finite digital resource enabling tangible value to be sent instantly over the internet.
@_date: 2015-09-02 23:35:14
You've gone into the deep end there... try with a simple wallet first.
Type  into a browser and it'll detect which device you're using and download an appropriate bitcoin wallet to try.
Next you need to purchase some fraction of a bitcoin from somewhere... Circle is a great place to start if you're in North America.  Otherwise you may find LocalBitcoin, Bittylicious, Kraken, Bitstamp and others more convenient.
Once you've purchased some you can transfer your coins to your wallet (Electrum, Bread, MyCelium are some of the common light weight ones).
A common misconception is that the balances are stored on your client when in fact the bitcoin are stored on the global database (blockchain).  Your wallet merely holds the passwords to spend coins you own in that database hence if you remember the backup phrase of your password you can access your bitcoin from any internet enabled device anywhere in the world.
Also I should highlight there is nothing wrong with using bitciond/armoury if you really want, it's just the UI is pretty raw and takes a long time to sync the blockchain before you can do much... most people just want to get up and running hence why recommending simpler SPV wallets when starting or general use.