@_author: 9fc315fd-c741-4b5b
@_date: 2015-09-27 19:59:34


I don't think information about that is particularly public, not in the SR court documents as far as I know. I can't find the list but the employee payments table in one of them was useful for finding the admins wallets. 


There's this funny property of Bitcoin where it's never going to become less exposed. As more and more stuff is leaked or found, the amount of possible entropy plummets. We already know a lot about this claimed wallet, we are looking for an address or group of addresses which uses Bitcoin Core, which was active between 2011 and 2013 but has made zero transactions since then. There's not a whole lot of stuff around that fits that bill strangely enough.


Yep! Like 5GB of the 40GB of block chain today is Satoshi Dice and other gambling, a few gigabyte more are "mixers" like bitcoinfog and shared coin, and an undisclosed portion is directly illegal transactions. Use your imagination here but it's not pretty.
@_date: 2015-09-27 19:09:40


I believe so, there's around 1.1M transactions which can be fairly reasonably associated with SR. Any "mixer" system within silk road was completely ineffective and just served to waste money and make the merges happen faster. You can find a lot of detail in the court documents which give a good outline of which transactions were considered to be "rosses" wallet and which ones are "silk road", take note especially that there were two distinct wallets seized, the one on his laptop and the one on the server in iceland though they are intermixed heavily. It is worth examining the documents which outlined things like pay schedules as they often were quite high precision, a $400 transaction on a particular day often only gives you a handful of candidates to choose from. 
*  This document literally lists transactions going from the iceland server to ulbrichts wallet. 
*  This document gives times and Bitcoin addresses for when ulbricht paid for services
If your security assumptions rely on "mixers" you've basically already lost whatever anonymity you thought you had, at least one of the most common ones appears to be designed to be a honeypot, so good luck with that. 