@_author: ___mike__
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:34:20
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:46:11
Alright, thanks. This is one of those things that are obvious but didn't immediately cross my mind.
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:47:48
Oh yea, I know they're not in a real wallet. I was just thinking whether it's better to keep adding there or to go with a proper bitcoin wallet. The other guy pointed the (obvious) fact that I don't actually own bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-27 08:43:06
You miss my point. It's hard to assert that one study is better than the other. There's pretty ample research that shows that there is some sort of connection between porn and a harmful perception of sex and sexual relationships.
Oh and, excerpt from the thing you linked
"FINDING 6 (RQ2, P34): Access and exposure to pornography affect children and young people’s sexual beliefs. For example, pornography has been linked to unrealistic attitudes about sex; maladaptive attitudes about relationships; more sexually permissive attitudes; greater acceptance of casual sex; beliefs that women are sex objects; more frequent thoughts about sex; sexual uncertainty (e.g. the extent to which children and young people are unclear about their sexual beliefs and values); and less progressive gender role attitudes (e.g. male dominance and female submission). Children and young people learn from and may change their behaviour due to exposure 
and access to pornography"
Did you even read it? It disagrees with you.
Finding 8 says "Considering sexualised and violent imagery more broadly, we can conclude that exposure to sexualised and violent imagery affects children and young people"
And again, NYT ain't a source. An opinion isn't a source either.
@_date: 2019-12-26 22:15:19
Also, are we really not going to address the amount of PTSD in history? Humans didn't change but we learned to figure out when another person is in pain. Some people build resilience but some don't.
@_date: 2019-12-26 22:12:59
NYTimes is not a source. (Ignoring the fact that it's literally marked as "Opinion" and opinions aren't facts)
Anything that's not the paper (in the case of research) or a first-hand account (in the case of events) is not valid sources for an argument. It's just a form of entertainment and a way to sum up a complex issue so that you can get an idea about it.
A study about the effects of porn on children found [here]( concluded that it's hard to tell whether there's a clear connection or not (I'm linking it because it links to studies that claim they did find connections). However, I can pull a study on anything to prove anything, and you would have no way to dispute it other than finding another study that disagrees. Research into this kind of stuff is complicated because you can't really take some kids and force them to watch porn while controlling for everything.