@_author: __aliencorpse
@_date: 2019-02-09 04:07:11


Yes all poor people are lazy. The people that work 2 and 3 jobs to keep their head a float are truly lazy. Why do they just become billionaires! Typical laziness for sure. The reality of the situation is you have the highest probability to become rich based on where, when and to whom you are born. [It's called the compound advantage effect. Read about it here.](


That's why the world's scientists have warned us we have [12 years to get our shit together]( and you can [literally watch it]( and the [antarctic ice shelf is melting faster than expected]( But, I don't blame you for sticking your head in the sand. I've listened to many people with your same opinion about it, and the same thing always comes out, you people are afraid of losing your lifestyle, don't know what to do and are simply scared. Admitting fear isn't weakness. Start making small meaningful adjustments in your life. Everybit helps.
Acid attacks are a crime and should be persecuted to the full extent of the law. The people doing that, are they poor and uneducated? When you have prosperity for everyone, crime drops. [That Swedish rape nonsense has been debunked]( and it is completely disingenuous of you to bring that up. I know it's a favorite racist dog whistle of some demagogues though that you evidently want to believe. Sorry to burst your bubble.


Lamo! I HEarD iT On INfO WaRZ!!!! The instability goes away when wealth inequality goes away. Hmm, who benefits from the collapse of the EU? Who would like to parrot that fantasy?


Ah, yes, another one of the billionaire's favorite talking points. It's so good of you to go out on a limb for them at the expense to yourself and everyone else. You really have your priorities straight. Btw, when are you planing on becoming part of the ultra wealthy club? The myth that the majority of people are lazy has been debunked by scientists. [The number comes out to an oddly 15% for some reason. I was quite surprised by that.]( Are those people so bad that we can just put a roof over their head? 85% of the population is intrinsically motivated. That is pretty awesome.
I realize it might be difficult for you to accept facts and conclusions of science but I do encourage you to educate yourself and become a responsible citizen and make meaning full contributions to our current and future society. We all got ourselves into this mess, and we are all going to have to clean it up. Best of luck.
&amp;