@_author: __asamara__
@_date: 2019-03-15 19:11:18
As I said, the viles and the horrible are associated with Patterson and bitcoin. Aren't you getting tired of confirming what I said? Lol. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 16:29:11
I did provide proof but you dismissed it straight away. No matter what level of proof I provided, you aren't going to change your mind. I just hope you are just a basic troll and not like the NZ guy who shoots up mosques and kills people. Speaking of mosques, jummah starts in an hour. I better get going. I'm gonna be late. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 15:24:03
You might not agree but Jordan Peterson is right-wing celebrity. Right-wing people define themselves as being xenophobic, ethnocentric. If they themselves are xenophobic and ethnocentric, you can imagine how much more their idol will be xenophobic. 
And beside my statement saying Jordan Peterson is a xenophobe. Though he's one. Like I don't think Ver is a xenophobe. But do I think he's vile and horrible? Yes. Ver isn't alt-right either. But alt-right xenophobes are starting to use btc and crypto more and more. But then again bitcoin has always been the enterprise of criminals. That's one of the reason it cannot break away from being a neck-beard project and become truly what Satoshi has intended for it to be, a global currency for all. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 14:49:05
I read that the NZ shooter got rich out of trading bitcoin. Why is bitcoin so associated with the vile, the horrible? From Jordan Peterson to Ver to this NZ terrorist? Why are alt-right xenophobes gravitating toward btc? 
@_date: 2019-03-15 15:31:46
You seem to be only reading positive things about him. You need to read/view some of the criticism of him. He's a a typical xenophobe hiding behind fake self-help and pseudo intellectualism. He's a big celebrity among the alt-right. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 15:41:44
I saw that interview, as well as his YouTube video. I'm not only reading from people who criticise him. I actually read and seen his video directly. 
You and the person below question me confirms what I suggested that the likes of Peterson and people with bitcoin tendency gravitate toward each other. 


I wish I was getting paid. No. I'm posting from my desire to live and to go to places of worship without fearing getting killed by people inspired by Patterson and the likes. The *want to live* is a powerful motivator.  Please don't idolize Peterson and please don't shoot up innocent people at mosques. Pretty please. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 16:58:10
As I said, you are going to dismiss whatever I bring because you have latched on to your incel overlord's dick tightly.  The T\_D, NZ terrorist, Peterson. Shapiro, you, bitcoin. It's all connected. Jordan Petterson is a xenophobe. It's no secret that he associates with right wing group, which are xenophobes. If he's not a xenophobe, why is he always among the xenophobes? Why is he finding support among people like who hare celebrating act of terror against Muslims/brown. At the very least haven't contemned any of this. That right there is proof. But you are going to to dismiss it because you are vile just like him. one vile always supports another vile. So you and Peterson. 
Yeah. I'll take care. I hope you don't end up committing terrorism against people like me who you hate at the behest of your incel lords like Petterson. Those vile creatures are grooming young white men like you and they want you to eventually commit terror. Hopefully you all can be intervened beforehand.  Don't forget to send your $5 to to trolllord's patreon. 