@_author: __ddaniel
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:50:40
Explained most of those cases in the other comment. Yep, all of the candidates taking part in the presidental race are his puppets, no doubt about that, but there is a guy called Alexei Navalny, he's the leader of the opposition, and he has like 15% of the population supporting him. Other 85 either don't care about politics, supporting Putin's puppets, or Putin himself
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:25:41
Average billionaire can get anything he wants, he's a fucking billionaire. I am repeating it again, you can believe anything you want, but I believe that Putin is not a murderer. He's a terrible leader, he's not willing to leave his place for my whole life, and I truly hate him for what he's done with my country. But he didn't kill anyone intentionally, I'm quite sure in that
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:55:16
I didn't insult you, mate. This material costs millions, but it's definitely possible to buy it if you have billions of dollars, cause in that case you also have a power, and you can "buy" almost everyone, including ministers and people who have access to nuclear materials
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:25:43
Please don't talk about something, if you are not aware of the situation. 
The same as we have anti-USA and anti-Europe propaganda, you guys have anti-Russian, I can definitely say that cause I lived in Russia and in Sweden, so I have different perspectives. The only opponent who was killed was Boris Nemtsov, and even superhaters of Putin really doubt he did know about that before it happened. Most likely he was killed by people from the region called Chechnya, this is basically the most fucked up place in Russia, it's occupied by Islamic community, ruling by a few people who should be in jail for the rest of their lives. This whole thing with killing Nemtsov was really dangerous for Putin, as opposition got super mad, and it's a known fact he got really angry when this happened, cause it created a huge risk of him losing his place. Nemtsov was a common anti-Putin activist, and there was no point in killing him.
I hope, eventually, people from Europe and USA, as well as from Russia, would stop believing everything they're told by Mass Media :)
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:12:19
As someone from Russia I'm tired of reading shit like that all of the time. We're not like North Korea, opposition is hardly allowed to take part in the presidential race, and that's a huge problem, but no one gets killed ffs. 
And Putin is really supported by the majority of people. Most of them are something like russian "rednecks", and his fan-base is full of retarded/not educated people, but he definitely has like 60-70 percents of population supporting him
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:44:08
I already explained everything about Nemtsov.
Voronenkov was killed in Kiev, that's Ukraine, btw. There is no evidence that he was killed by Russians, killer had Ukrainian passport, and it's known he had conflicts with a lot of people.
Litvinenko - would not speak with confidence about that, but again, there is no evidence it was Putin's decision to kill him
Magnitsky - you said that he investigated other billionaires. Any chance that maybe, just maybe, they could have killed him too? 
I'm not a Putin defender, I want him to leave the presidential office forever, as he created a large corruption system, and the whole situation in the country is awful. But he is not a monster, he is not a dictator, don't exaggerate things. Alexei Navalny - the opposition leader in Russia right now, constantly posting videos on YouTube with investigations about Putin and ministers(all of them are 5+ millions views), organising huge demonstrations, and he's pretty okay. He's getting under the guard 1-2 times a year for 15 days, where he quietly reads books and returns, continuing his job. That's all he receives for being a real threat to Putin
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:01:26
I'm not defending him, he's a terrible leader and the country is slowly dying with him being a president. The one thing you should know about this list is that Putin is not the only powerful person in the country. There are hundreds of literal murderers ruling regions or parts of them