@_author: __ga__
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:16:21
For a 2 of 2 wallet the redeem script is 2 &lt;ga_pubkey&gt; &lt;user_pubkey&gt; 2 CHECKMULTISIG. The difficultly is in generating the correct keys, however the non-hacked garecovery tool already has code to do this.
@_date: 2018-01-03 05:20:33
GreenAddress developer and mod of here. Do not use this this tool or any other tool that requests your mnemonic phrase or you risk losing all of your coins.
@_date: 2018-01-02 18:34:40
We can confirm the greenaddress wallets support segwit. We don't see that there are any downsides.
@_date: 2018-01-03 07:15:37
We are happy to review your code when we get time in the near future, but we cannot verify that this code is what is running on your server nor can we condone the giving up of mnemonics by users as this is a common trick used by site clones and scammers.
The parameter for 2fa needs to be present but can be empty if no 2fa is enabled hence our concerns over 2fa.
@_date: 2018-01-03 06:22:00
Users who abandon the wallet after moving btc will likely disable two factor since e.g. email can't be reused across wallets. This means that if we add support for e.g bgold then anyone with the mnemonic (I.e. you) can claim it.
In the event that two factor has already been compromised then access to the mnemonics is fatal on its own. We have removed your posts from the GreenAddress subreddit, please do not post there again or we will be forced to ban you permanently.
@_date: 2018-01-09 21:42:31
We can confirm we have reviewed the code at commit cd8f375fb7a30cc9794791957f26b183bdbfd4da and it does not appear to contain anything malicious. We urge users to check commit hash if they check out the tool, and to verify the generated transactions before submitting them.
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:52:31
GreenAddress supports testnet in our mobile and web wallet, see  If you have questions or issues please see or our web site for support information.
@_date: 2018-01-06 20:59:17
There is no reason to disable segwit since it does not change sending addresses.
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:56:18
The service having one of the keys required for signing is a legitimate concern for retaining control of your funds. It is required for the service to be able to enforce features like two factor and transaction limits, so when we designed the system we built in two safeguards to ensure you can recover your coins always:
1. For two of two (default) wallets, we provide an nlocktime file every time you transact, which can be used to recover your funds without the service after a user specified timeout. In the near future we will be utilising CSV so that this works without needing an nlocktime zip, since some users don't enable the nlocktime emails.
2. If you create a two of three subwallet then you can always move your coins using your main key plus your backup key. This allows you to split alts at any time also.
If you have any questions about how these features work, feel free to ping us on @_date: 2017-12-25 22:29:36
If you are using iOS, our iOS app is due for release shortly and the new version will be much more responsive as well as improving fee estimation further. We have a native app in development which we will release in 2018.
PIN entry can unfortunately reset due to a number of factors outside of our control, particularly when using the phones native authentication. We are working on reducing the number of factors that can cause this, thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2017-12-19 03:54:26
We have regtest and testnet environments available for testing without putting real coins at risk.
You can see  for our wallet source code (our wallets all use our API) and some example code. Our API docs are at  - we are gradually improving it as we get time.
We monitor and info for questions if you have any. Have fun experimenting!
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:57:02
Thanks for your comments. We agree, our iOS wallet hasn't been updated in a long time and the user experience combined with PIN issues makes for a bad user experience. 
For your PIN issue, please try using the inbuilt PIN mechanism rather than the phones PIN entry. The native mechanism appears to lose PINs sporadically as you have noticed. Users recommending the wallet are likely unaffected by the PIN issue.
We will shortly be releasing an update for iOS that will improve the responsiveness and fix a number of issues as well as improving fee estimation and the UI slightly. Feel free to ask on or email us at info if you have any issues/support requests.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:05:06
You can always install the testnet wallet and play around without risking real coins. We want to encourage our users to get familiar with the platform to keep themselves and their coins safe.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:38:35
If you have two factor enabled, then you can see the transaction summary which includes the amount and fee rate before you enter the 2fa code and confirm the transaction. When you send all, the same utxos are involved every time your make the transaction, so the transaction size won't change.
So, to get an exact amount, send the transaction to the address with the appropriate fee level selected, note the fee rate and the amount. Give that amount or a few satoshis less to the recipient, and re-create the transaction to the deposit address with a custom fee set to the correct rate.
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:47:35
You may want to ask questions in for faster answers.
Our wallets support segwit and by default new accounts are segwit enabled. 


To fund the wallet at least one on chain transaction to a receive address in the wallet is required.


Hmm, I'm not sure what you mean by this or in what context it happens.
@_date: 2017-12-17 04:08:02
If you have questions about the GreenAddress wallets then is probably a better place to post.
We warn users about not having two factor set up because as a multisig wallet, the extra security from two factor is one of its major selling points. If you want your wallets controlled only by your own private key then a single sig wallet may be a better choice.
Further to this we are rolling out warnings for users who only have one two factor method enabled since if you lose access to it you will lose the ability to move your coins.
Both warnings can be disabled in the application settings if you desire.
We support email and gauth both of which can be anonymous, in addition to SMS two factor which is tied to your phone number and so can potentially identify you. We plan to support U2F as another anonymous option going forward as well.
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:54:57
Disclaimer: I am a GreenAddress developer.
GreenAddress supports google authenticator/authy, email and SMS twofactor, along with transaction limits so you can pre-auth your spending, at no cost other than that you have to re-deposit your coins at a user specified interval (from 3 months to 4 years) to keep the coins protected.
Just remember to safely backup your mnemonic, set at least one backup 2fa method and enable nlocktime emails so you can maintain access to your coins if you lose your twofactor or the service is taken down for any reason.
@_date: 2017-12-19 03:10:08




You are talking about accepting face to face payments, I am talking about accepting payment on a website, based on the suggestions to use 3rd party payment processors elsewhere in this thread. Since GreenAddress and most other wallets these days generates a new address every time you open the receive tab, you would obviously have to go out of your way to reuse them for  a face to face payment.






If you genuinely believe this and are not trolling, our FAQ is quite clear that this is not the case, see 
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:54:51
Hi, Please do. We are looking to take on a UI dev who will take any user suggestions into consideration when designing the updates to our UI.
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:53:58
Try and/or head along to your local bitcoin meetup.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:44:38
Note may be helpful for GreenAddress specific questions.
You can reuse addresses on your wallet without issue although this can be bad for privacy. If you have personal funds and wish to keep them separate from work BTC income, you can create a subwallet and/or another entire wallet to use.
Generate a new address and include both the text address and the qrCode and you should be good to go.
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:18:43
We have internal monitoring but haven't exposed it publicly yet. We'll look into auto-tweeting down and up events. Thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2017-12-19 00:57:17
Note I did not say that it not a concern, just that the personal case is typically more of one, i.e. that personal users often value their privacy more than business do. In this case where the yoga classes are expecting few, if any payments in BTC the overhead of implementing an API solution will likely cost more than the expected income, and its not clear if these payments will be linked to the business in any case.
You raise a good point that our individual behavior within the ecosystem affects everyone. As one of the first HD wallets we are well aware of the issues and we wish to promote privacy where we can and wherever it is practical. I'll put a note on our medium/long wishlist to see if there is a secure way to generate receive addresses for wallets through plain https rather than our full API, so that the implementation cost of generating new addresses for smaller operations can be reduced.
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:56:30
We had a network blip, everything has been back up for a while now. FYI, you may want to try for a faster response in the future.
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:04:37
FYI is probably the better forum for these kinds of questions.
The send max/send all button on the send tab sends everything minus the fees and is designed for exactly this use case.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:47:01
See my comment above. Using new addresses prevents the payments being linked, this is usually more of a concern for personal holdings than businesses. We have API solutions to fetch new receive addresses for your wallet if you wish to code a solution, but for this use case it sounds like using a single address (which you can manually change on the website any time you like) will be fine.
@_date: 2017-12-23 09:41:16
You should be able to log in now.
We have been experiencing intermittent connection issues for users for the last little while. We don't yet have a full remediation in place but we have identified the root cause and are putting measures in place to prevent this from occurring again.
@_date: 2017-12-17 22:01:03
Hi Please email us at info with the details and your two factor contact details if you havent already. In the future you may want to use as we don't monitor this sub.
@_date: 2018-05-29 15:54:41
GreenAddress GreenBits wallet supports the Ledger HW.1, Nano/Nano S and Trezor on Android for both 2of2 and 2of3 accounts. This gives you HW wallet private key protection with additional two factor security (when you enable two factor). Feel free to ask on if you have any questions/issues.
We also support custom fees, fee bumping, watch only mode etc. We are releasing support for bech32 sending very shortly too.
@_date: 2017-08-25 01:22:05
Its not about trusting the code, and services using a reasonably recent core instance don't need to update it to enable segwit.  Testnet is the beta testing for mainnet, you don't release beta software on mainnet without a very good reason and plenty of disclaimers.
Production services that handle other peoples coins have procedures for testing, validating, deploying, preparing support and documentation, etc. etc. These procedures have to be followed as a matter of professional service provision and responsible stewardship of other peoples coins. This means waiting for a quiet time like the weekend to re-deploy in order to minimise service disruption, re-running validation tests and whatever else it takes to keep customers assets safe.
If you think its frustrating to wait a couple of days post activation before you can use segwit on common services, please try to imagine how frustrating it has been to have worked hard coding and testing the support for it a year ago and to then be blocked from providing it to your users by miners playing politics for their own selfish ends.
@_date: 2017-08-14 12:09:40
Your mnemonic is an encoding of a seed which creates a BIP32 wallet. From that wallet, root keys are derived for each subaccount you have setup, and then from each subaccount root key, addresses are derived as they are requested (from the receive tab in our wallets or for change).
You can use the source of our wallets/recovery tool on github to compute your private keys, but other than signing our pre-signed nLocktime recovery transactions you cant do anything useful with them, since constructing valid arbitrary 2of2 transactions requires a signature from the service. For 2of3 subaccounts, our recovery tool demonstrates scanning and constructing txs for that case.
@_date: 2018-10-13 16:50:24
Lightning vs Liquid: Each solves/improves the handling a different set of issues on the base layer, and each comes with their own trade-offs.
Disclaimer: I work for Blockstream (although not directly on the core Liquid software). The below could be its own post really, I had some free time and have been surprised by some of the misunderstandings being propagated about Liquid, so I thought I'd try to ELI5 some of the aspects I see as being most misunderstood. This is my personal perspective and any errors are my own.
(Split into 2 comments due to reddit length limits)
Lightning allows participants to massively increase the number of transactions they can make, keeping fees for these transactions low, and without negatively affecting the base layer. It also provides better privacy than the base layer by hiding all transactions except the opening and closing of payment channels from the total network. Finally, it gives you practically instant confirmation of transactions without the risk/trust associated with 0-conf. The trade-offs for these features are that channels must be maintained and occasionally (re)opened or rebalanced in order to ensure that you have sufficient capacity to send and receive, that you must be online to receive funds, and be online periodically to check your channels (or outsource this to a watchtower) to make sure the other parties don't attempt to cheat.
Lightning is designed to enable lots of fast payments of amounts that would be economically non-viable on the main chain, either because the amount is far smaller than any fee, or because competition for block space in the face of millions of transactions per second would raise fees and choke any blockchain at any practical blocksize. Not only can you send amounts far below the main chains dust threshold, but in the future, probabilistic payments would let you send tiny fractions of a satoshi (right now, the fees for lightning are denominated in 1000ths of a satoshi). The primary use case for lightning is micropayments and small payments. As the network solidifies and adoption grows, the limits on the amount you can transact will widen, and once channel factories come online the friction of opening channels will lessen. Combined with better UX support, lightning will make day to day transacting for purchases faster, more private, and cheaper for everyone, without sacrificing or negatively affecting the base layer.
@_date: 2017-08-25 00:25:21


GreenAddress has had segwit support in its testnet wallets for around a year now. Services that handle peoples coins are very careful when it comes to upgrading production systems, and this is a very good thing.
@_date: 2018-10-13 16:50:49
Liquid is designed to solve a completely different set of problems than lightning, and enable use cases that aren't currently possible on the base layer. Theres a lot of awesome tech behind Elements (the base of Liquid, built on the Bitcoin codebase), so lets first look at the features available and compare them to the Bitcoin main chain.
Elements includes confidential transactions, which hide the amount being sent while still allowing the rest of the network to validate the correctness of transactions. As the creator of a private transaction, you can choose to provide data to another party that proves things about the transaction, such as the actual amount, or proof that the amount lies within a given range. The trade off for this extra privacy is that the transactions are much larger and are slower to validate. Thats a problem for a system like Bitcoin where the speed of validation and transmission of transactions, plus the amount of block space they take up, directly and negatively affect its properties of decentralization and scalability.
Research to decrease the size and processing requirements of confidential transactions is ongoing, but even with the finest moon-math researchers working on it it, its going to be a long time before the main chain is ready to have CT proposed for inclusion. Even if the consensus moved to supporting CT on the base layer, it would have to be opt-in, which reduces the privacy set and means recipients can lessen the privacy of previous senders.
Elements also includes confidential assets. This is the ability to issue an asset, and then transact in it using CT, except that even the asset type itself can be hidden. You can use multiple assets in transactions which the network can fully validate, but no-one external can see which assets, or how much of each you are sending unless you want them to. This is seriously awesome stuff for a large variety of use cases, and the moon-math behind making it possible should seriously geek out any hard core cryptonerds. As with CT though, its going to be a very long time, if ever, before there is consensus to add this to Bitcoin (I doubt it would ever happen, personally).
Elements also has some other interesting features. As a tech stack, its a proving ground and place to experiment with future improvements. Segwit was first implemented and refined in Elements, for example, along with Schnorr signatures. We have to be realistic and understand that not all the things we try out can be or should be proposed for Bitcoin though. Elements is fully open source, backed by peer reviewed public research, and anyone is welcome to try out it its feature set and build products around it.
Liquid takes the Elements features listed above and applies them to solve some problems that affect a subset of Bitcoin participants today:
The product name alludes to the fact that many trading markets are illiquid and liquidity between these markets is poor for 2 reasons: 1) Withdrawing and moving coins between exchanges is limited by block confirmation delay, and 2) the visibility of transactions on the main blockchain means that people can front run your actions because they can see where coins are moving. These conditions are bad for every Bitcoin user; They promote inefficiency in price discovery, increase price volatility, force a price premium on smaller markets (discouraging adoption), disincentivize smaller businesses and centralize trading, for example.
Look at the existing workarounds for this problem. You could transfer coins into an alt with faster (but less secure) confirmation times, move that and then convert back to trade in another market. Or if the exchanges you trade on are economically linked you could transfer using some proprietary mechanism they share. Or keep coins on many markets and increase your chances of suffering a security breach accordingly. These kind of workarounds expose you to various risks and involve various kinds of trust, or require you to purchase parasitic alts and transact on significantly less secure networks. They also aren't going to be particularly fast.
Another problem is that holding coins in an exchange right now places your trust in a single entity with a single point of failure.  You could use lightning to transact with exchanges, and for economically smaller participants I can see this becoming popular. With lightning you can lower your exchange counterparty risk by instantly moving funds to/from the exchange just before you transact, for example. But lightning is not as suitable for large payments due to its channel liquidity requirements and requirement to be online to receive.
Liquid allows its participants to mitigate the above issues.  Because all transactions are confidential, users aren't exposed to front running. Because the confirmation time is much lower, coins can move between exchanges faster and reduce price volatility. Because the system is federated, individual counterparty risk is mitigated by requiring a majority of the federation to be hacked or collude to cheat (and there are many safeguards against this in Liquid) .
There is also a potential small benefit to the ecosystem in moving some inter-exchange transfers off the main block chain and thus freeing up block space, but this isn't a selling point of Liquid, and its not why it was created - Liquid is not designed as a scaling solution for the main chain, and its not designed to replace transacting on the main chain. Liquid improves things for users with coins custodially held by third parties like exchanges, and for the exchanges themselves.
Given that Liquid makes things better for users under these circumstances, you can see why exchanges would want to support it - an exchange which supports Liquid is more attractive to users that want these features. There are other benefits for exchanges, the Liquid marketing material goes into that in more detail; I want to focus on the user/Bitcoin side of things here.
Liquid is deployed as a sidechain; the base asset is L-BTC, which you can only get by transferring BTC in, one-for-one. Redeeming L-BTC out of the network destroys the L-BTC and unlocks the corresponding BTC on the Bitcoin chain. This is what is meant by a 2-way peg; L-BTC cannot be printed by the federation and the exchange rate between L-BTC and BTC will always remain 1-1. Network fees in Liquid are paid in L-BTC in the same way Bitcoin fees are (except algorithmically chosen by fee); these fees go to the functionaries running the network (and Blockstream does not run a functionary).
This design means that Liquid depends on and benefits from the security and value of Bitcoin, and that it is not parasitic to it. No dilution of supply is needed, no altcoin needs to be issued (or can be debased) to use it, and no market can affect the exchange rate. Sidechains like liquid increase the value proposition and utility of Bitcoin which, pre-Liquid, would be held custodially by a single entity on your behalf with all the issues that entails. Liquid is completely optional and somewhat orthogonal to Bitcoin main chain usage, and does not compete with it.
To make this absolutely clear; Right now if you transfer BTC to an exchange address, the UTXO sits unmoving on the main blockchain under sole control of the exchange, and in return you gain essentially some flipped bits on the exchanges hard drives. All activity and ownership of that balance is governed by the exchanges internal systems, and you can't do anything with it without requesting that it is withdrawn to an address you control. With Liquid, you gain a 1-1 balance of L-BTC which you can move privately between exchanges (or withdraw to your own wallet), that is secured by a federation of mutually competing functionarys, and which you can request proof of reserves for, and peg-out 1-1 for Bitcoin when you choose to.
The Liquid ecosystem is still being built out right now; in the near future you will be able to run your own node and wallet to allow you to directly control your Liquid assets and monitor the network. The exchanges and other ecosystem members will be bringing their own products and features to market in due course as well. We are working to release open source wallet software, supporting library code and documentation to enable everyone to participate.
Hopefully this helps explain the main differences between lightning and Liquid. Since its being propagated in some circles, its also worth mentioning that Blockstream does not charge end users fees for Liquid, only the functionary operators. There is already too much misinformation/nonsense about Liquid being thrown around (see: Brandolini’s law) so please forgive me if I neglect to respond to any altcoiners that want to quote mine this post or jump on trivial mistakes).
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:24:53
GreenBits also supports Trezor (and Ledger) on mobile, and will enable segwit support shortly.
@_date: 2018-10-14 10:34:41
Re-reading my comment, I didn't express this part well, so let me re-state that and then address your question.
What I was trying to express here is more in reference to the Liquid use case than the nature of custody of transferred coins/assets, specifically to address the comments I've seen that suggest Liquid is somehow an attempt to usurp BTC or replace it. Liquids use case is after the point where ownership of your transferred BTC would be controlled by an exchanges systems and no main chain activity would occur with the coins - so Liquid is 1) not depriving miners of income and 2) Not working around deficiencies in the main chain that alt proponents claim their changes address - Even the most strident big-blocker should recognize that the confirmation time of the main chain must remain relatively long and that adding CT in its current form would make a POW based chain scale far worse. Anyone suggesting that you could use the main chain to transfer funds between/to/from exchanges are missing the point that the block confirmation time and transaction visibility makes this impractical, which is why users end up leaving their coins on exchanges right now. If this was not the case, you'd see people using alts for inter-exchange arbitrage today, and we wouldn't have the lack of liquidity that we currently do.
You are of course correct that once you transfer coins to an address controlled only by a centralized exchange , they have exclusive control of them. As I mentioned above, Lightning can be used to mitigate this for smaller participants by keeping BTC on your side of a payment channel when you are not trading. Liquid also allows this model so superficially they are similar in allowing you to reduce the time under which you are subject to custodial risk or risk of a system you use being hacked.
The difference between using Lightning and Liquid in this case is the choice of trade offs you wish to make. With a large enough balance, Liquid is strictly better because you don't need to rely on the networks channel liquidity to move coins very quickly. Also, you do not need to capitalize large payment channels to both send and receive. Furthermore, with balances in your own Liquid wallet, you don't need to monitor channels for cheating or be online while withdrawing/to receive. It also becomes possible to add extra security or share responsibility for these coins while you hold them, using the kinds of mechanisms we see on the main chain today (e.g. a fund could hold their assets in multisig while not actively trading them).
There are other possibilities with Liquid too though, and I am interested to see what kinds of facilities end up being built out and offered to users as differentiating services in this part of the ecosystem. Because Liquid natively supports confidential assets, allowing people to withdraw and hold representative assets such as alts or fiat without being forced to convert them could be possible. As an individual exchange offering, this capability might not be that interesting due to concerns over issuance/redemption, but its easy to imagine that dispersing this trust over a large segment of industry participants is an improvement over trusting a single entity. I'm just spitballing here, and I'm not privvy to the plans of any participants, but I personally think that beyond than the benefits of increased liquidity, there are incentives at play that encourage the distribution/minimization of trust for highly centralized systems that cannot currently be decentralized fully.
@_date: 2017-11-08 10:23:49
Sorry for the delay in responding. You can set the transaction priority to a lower priority or use a custom fee in all our wallets. If you transact over the weekend fees are normally lower then too. Make sure you do not have the instant transaction priority selected for steam payments as these always cost more too.
To actually pay you simply copy the address to pay to in the to: field and click send.
In the future you may want to post to as we don't monitor this subreddit closely.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:30:15
You can increase the activity timeout in settings for GreenBits. Provided your network connection doesn't drop this should keep the wallet open for longer before prompting you for the PIN.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:20:50
We don't require your email or phone number. You can give them if you want email, SMS or phone two factor however. You can also give an email if you want to enable nlocktime for 2of2 recovery, alternately you can create a 2of3 subaccount and manage the backup keys yourself for recovery.
You can also use gauth/authy as twofactor anonymously, just please make sure you back up your seed/enable authy backup+multi-device so it can be recovered.
We also support giving a PGP key to encrypt your 2fa/nlocktime emails to prevent them being snooped in cleartext. And we have an onion address to connect through tor if you wish to hide your real IP. We are also planning to add U2F support in the future as another anonymous 2fa method.
quick edit: We are also currently implementing CSV support which will allow 2of2 recovery without nlocktime emails.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:34:57
The non-custom fee selection choices just change the default block target that the fee is calculated for (e.g. economy attempts to find a fee that will confirm in 6 blocks rather than 2-3). Currently the core fee estimation algorithm can return quite similar fees for these targets but there is work underway to improve the estimates.
Your best bet is to show advanced and use a custom fee. With RBF you can bump it as needed if it looks like the tx wont go through in your expected timeframe.
@_date: 2017-09-08 04:08:45
Documentation is one of the areas we are hoping to improve now that we have new developers on board, we know we can do better there and we plan to but we can't give you a timeframe for it just yet.
As for the mnemonic phrase, the service never has a copy of your mnemonics and so if you lose them or your backup is destroyed you need a way to show them or you will lose access to your coins. Many people use a PIN login and have needed the option to gain their mnemonics back. If you have twofactor enabled and separate from the wallet device then malware stealing your mnemonics alone is not enough to steal your funds - an attacker has to also gain access to your twofactor in order to steal your coins.
We support watch only logins which don't have and can't display the mnemonics, if you aren't planning to transact we suggest you log in watch only instead of a full login. This protects you from some forms of attacks while still being able to generate receive addresses and view your balance.
If you have a specific area of concern you can email support at info and we'll get back to you with an answer as soon as we can.
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:13:43
Watch only mode never has your seed or private keys on device. You can demonstrate this to yourself by creating a watch only account on a GreenAddress account created with a hardware wallet (where the private keys never leave the device). That watch only login will function perfectly without the hardware wallet being plugged in, on another device that has never been connected to the hardware wallet.
Because watch only logins don't have the private keys, they absolutely cannot move coins since they cannot sign transactions.
It sounds like the feature you want is to monitor an arbitrary non-wallet address like a paper wallet. We'd have to think about how to implement that; we support sweeping paper wallets obviously, but we can't really show unrelated addresses in your balance. Also its currently very slow to scan arbitrary addresses as we do for sweeping. We should probably push forward our improvements there before attempting to add this feature.
We will add the idea to our list of improvements, thanks for the suggestion.
@_date: 2017-09-22 06:28:47
GreenBits currently has the best segwit support on Android, including full hardware wallet support for segwit, transaction priority/custom fees and transaction limits. The GreenAddress wallet which is based on cordova is being updated and is expected to be released shortly (the update is to ensure the lowest possible fees and best compatibility as well as fix some minor issues since the last update).
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:49:10
GreenAddress wallets don't work offline (although our recovery process does, and you can log in watch only in which case you don't use/expose private keys).
Our releases are linked to from the GreenAddress website at  and are signed by us, as are our commits to our repositories on github.
As all our wallets are open source, you can both inspect and build/run the code from git if you don't trust the integrity of the various distribution channels.
If you have any question whether a given release or website is genuine, please contact us at info and we will be happy to confirm the validity or otherwise of the software/service.
@_date: 2017-09-07 08:14:11
The network currently supports p2sh wrapped versions of segwit p2pkh and p2sh (known as p2sh-p2wpkh and p2sh-p2wsh). These are fully backwards compatible since they look like regular p2sh addresses to existing clients, at the cost of being slightly larger, I imagine support for native segwit will roll out in due course and this will use the bech32 addresses and slightly more efficient encoding.
Tx sizes should only really be of concern to end users if 1) the size impacts their fees or 2) it impacts the scalability of the network.
For 1), segwit fees are already lower than normal txs, and as more wallets support segwit and the proportion of segwit txs increases, block pressure may reduce lowering fees further. 
For 2), segwit also offsets the effect of the block size increasing with more efficient processing (like protection from quadratic hash attacks), providing incentives to decrease the utxo set and enabling soft forked script improvements like schnorr, MAST etc etc.
I think the balance of a small tx size increase (which is optional, you can always send non segwit txs) with lower fees and capacity improvements is about right as is stands. Moving to native segwit and the other items on the core road map will hopefully continue in the same fashion.
@_date: 2017-09-10 09:27:23
You can track custom fee support for GreenBits here  it should be available very shortly.
@_date: 2017-09-06 14:18:32
Hi we'll take a look, but its perfectly fine to enable through settings if you didnt see the prompt, the end result is the same.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:02:54
This is correct, all accounts are multisig since its not possible to enforce 2fa/limits without it.
@_date: 2017-09-25 04:30:18
You raise good points. There are several factors that combine when it comes to considering the current and eventual effect that segwit will have on fees/capacity and how segwit will be adopted. For all the online discussion, analysis and politicking, I haven't really seen them discussed together in any detail anywhere (nor do I have time to do them justice here).
The change to computing fees by weight is a straightforward way to decrease fees even for wallets that that do fixed high fee tx construction. Some wallets consider the user experience (and value fewer support tickets) over tx costs and only user pressure over fees will force them to adopt segwit and presumably more flexible fee estimation over time. Until this happens, some txs will be overbidding for block space and push the fees for all users up. Appeals to 'do the right thing for the good of the ecosystem' are unlikely to work in these cases since by choosing fixed high fees these services are already attempting to permanently achieve fast confirmation times at the expense of the rest of the block space competitors.
Businesses that push tx fees to users similarly will not feel the same pressure to move to segwit until users complain or vote with their patronage.
In both the above cases, long as the blockchain is not under space pressure, users are unlikely to push services enough to care. Once block pressure increases we may see a split between those transacting with low fees and those paying more. Market forces suggest that this will encourage businesses towards the lower cost/more efficient solution lest their users defect.
This kind of pressure is highly desirable because business/service decisions are driven by cost vs profit. No business wants to shoulder the cost of developing/testing/deploying new code if they can avoid it. In some ways you can see the desire of business to e.g. increase block size without making their own use of the blockchain more efficient as attempting to externalise the costs of their growth, i.e. have the ecosystem as a whole pay for their inefficiency with increased processing requirements and more centralisation. This becomes more obvious when efficiencies like segwit are left unused, and I suspect we will see more services called out on this in the future (The irony of e.g. Ver not batching employee payments, not using segwit and not mining &gt;1MB blocks while insisting that the block size desperately needs increasing springs to mind as an example).
Second, the adoption curve is expected to be weighted in favor of those who benefit most and/or those who are most altruistic towards the network, with the caveat that this is limited by the availability of development resources. Services that use multisig gain proportionately more from segwit through weighting, and thus we expect them to move first. I expect the proportion of multisig (and indeed p2sh) txs to increase over time for other reasons, right now they are a minority but more innovative uses of the blockchain almost mandate that they increase and segwit adoption along with them.
Thirdly, we know that adoption by only a few larger players who contribute greatly to on chain txs could trigger large bumps in usage. It will be interesting to see which ones move first to gain a competitive advantage if and when fee competition increases.
Fourthly, as the number of segwit transactions increases so does the overall capacity of the system. This doesn't matter so much now, but as the numbers increase it becomes even more obvious who the bad faith actors are, and it becomes increasingly more expensive for those who attempt to stall progress. Even the miners currently refusing to mine segwit txs will capitulate to user demand once the opportunity cost of lost fees makes it uneconomical to continue.
Most interesting for myself is that there is now a paradoxical situation for any potential bad faith actors to use tactics like spam to push a big blocker narrative. Spamming the network now would increase the pressure on larger providers to increase their efficiency via existing mechanisms like segwit. If they bow to user pressure and do so, they only further increase the cost of acting badly; If they don't, they risk losing users to cheaper and better services. This may be one of the reasons behind the current drop in spam-a-like transaction bursts, as you pointed out.
I think the adoption rate will likely continue to increase gradually with some small jumps as services bow to user pressure. As long as user demand incentives businesses to become better players in the ecosystem, the rate of adoption isn't as important as the gradual shift in power away from centralists into the hands of users. These are very interesting times for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-09-26 15:26:02


An update is coming very shortly with a number of improvements and minor bugfixes, and a native wallet is in the works too. The webwallet and chrome app are fully up to date.
@_date: 2017-10-14 13:41:18
We can confirm the iOS app supports segwit and custom fees. We have an update coming very soon which will make it far faster so please bear that in mind when you are evaluating it.
@_date: 2017-09-26 22:09:21
@_date: 2017-09-07 07:27:42
You aren't comparing like for like. A non segwit GreenAddress multisig transaction is around 306 bytes. So the raw increase in tx size is around 10% in this case (2of2 p2sh vs 2of2 p2sh-p2wsh).
At say 10 sat/byte feerate the non-segwit transaction would cost you size(306) * feerate = 3060 satoshi. Compare with the segwit transaction costing vsize(175) * feerate = 1750 satoshi, a saving of around 40% in fees.
@_date: 2017-10-15 08:41:37
We will always support the core chain, yes. We haven't made an official announcement on 2x yet, but you can sub to our blog or twitter if you want to get our position once we do.
@_date: 2017-09-26 23:04:28
It is maintained, but we don't really have the resources to shepard the reviews, we prefer to prioritise support requests and work to bring the next version out given its a large improvement in user experience.
We suggest you try out the testnet version if you would like to assess the features without risk.
@_date: 2017-10-05 21:31:39
Hi /u/ santosmarco_,
Note: I'm a GreenAddress developer and mod at Firstly, don't panic, and congratulations on maintaining good security with your wallet, particularly in keeping your two factor separate from your wallet device. Please ignore any advice here about importing your mnemonics into other wallets, as a multi-sig wallet this won't work.
You can download the GreenAddress wallet onto your replacement device and continue to use it as usual just by logging in as you always do with your mnemonics. For your peace of mind I will explain what would have to happen for your coins to be compromised in this situation.
Since you log in with your mnemonics only, any attacker would need to gain access to them first. The wallet does not store them and they are never sent to the GreenAddress servers so if you only have them backed up safely as recommended then no one can access your wallet even with the software installed on your phone.
Assuming someone gained access to your mnemonics, they would need to pass the twofactor checks you have enabled in order to move the coins. This would require either hacking your twofactor or compromising the GreenAddress service itself.
The possibility of both of these happening is incredibly remote. However, if you feel unsafe you can always create a new wallet and send the coins to them, although we don't think this situation requires them.
For the absolute best possible security you can use the wallet with a hardware wallet (Ledger and Trezor are both supported). When combined with secure two factor on a different device this makes compromise of your funds practically impossible even if your phone is compromised, since all signing occurs on the hardware device and additionally twofactor checks must pass.
If you have any issues restoring your wallet please contact us at info and we can advise.
@_date: 2017-09-08 00:06:12
Use KiwiCoin, see and/or head along to your local Bitcoin meetup. Theres a premium on all prices in NZ but its nowhere near 20%.
@_date: 2017-10-07 06:45:57
Please monitor for information about the service. We hope to make an announcement regarding 2x soon.
@_date: 2017-10-22 13:07:28
Thanks for the feedback and description of your use case, we've noted it.
@_date: 2017-10-02 20:17:36
see @_date: 2017-09-07 16:26:45
The webwallet and javascript based wallets allow fully custom fees. The backend only rejects transactions over the fee if the network does, i.e. the mintxrelay fee of 1 satoshi/byte must be respected.
In some cases the UTXO selection may not make great choices if you have dusty inputs (lots of small value utxos) and this can result in higher fees. We have done a fair amount of research in this area and are planning to update tx construction in the near term. In the meantime please ensure you are using the latest wallet (e.g. new JS wallet releases are coming soon) and be aware that GreenBits is not yet feature complete with the other wallets (it doesn't have custom fees but they are in development).
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:46:56
This feature is under development now.
@_date: 2017-10-11 17:33:35


No. For more information, please see an earlier reply of ours: 
@_date: 2017-10-07 02:53:26
Consolidating all of your coins to a single address may make this splitting approach easier, but it is catastrophic for the privacy of your wallet. By joining all of your UTXOs together and sending them to any exchange that requires KYC you immediately and irrevocably lose all privacy you had on the original chain. This effect is compounded as more splits are created.
The opt-in replay protection as implemented is a boon for companies that wish to sell out user anonymity. You can easily investigate the connections between 2x proponents and privacy antagonistic companies yourself to draw your own conclusions.
If 2x implemented real replay protection by following the BCH example with a different fork id, every BTC service currently supporting BCH withdrawal would be able to do so trivially and very quickly, in many cases before the fork happens. This approach promotes privacy since each UTXO can be trivially moved independently without pushing technologically unsophisticated users towards the more expedient but more harmful consolidation approach.
Something largely missing from the debate so far is the understanding that business like crypto to fiat exchanges that require KYC are not incentivised to support fungability/anonymity. In fact, since compliance is a business cost it is in many ways in their economic interest to reduce anonymity in order to reduce their costs of achieving regulatory compliance in their jurisdiction.
Miners similarly have little incentive to promote fungability since the result of mining is untainted coinbase coins, and these business are far from anonymous already. It falls to users to promote and protect the fungability properties of the network by resisting changes that attack the principles of the coin that are important to them.
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:34:28
Just to clarify, watch only mode never has access to, or sees the wallets private keys, only the public keys. It sounds like you want to be able to monitor an address to see if it is paid to?
We probably need more information about how you expect this functionality to work: for example, are you expecting a notification in the wallet (we already notify on new transactions, and switch to the tx view if the currently shown address is paid to) or by email (with email notifications enabled each new tx to your account is already emailed to you).
You can raise us an issue on github if you like ( join or email us at info if you'd like to discuss this feature request further. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 02:58:57
Hi We have a number of wallet clients for GreenAddress. The web wallet available at  is usable from modern browsers, we also have a chrome extension in the chrome store, the GreenAddress wallet for Android/iOS and GreenBits for Android only. Additionally we currently have a native client for iOS and an electron based application for desktops under development.
All of the wallets except GreenBits are based on the original web wallet, being a mixture of javascript and native plugins where possible. GreenAddress for Android/iOS are based on cordova which makes this approach possible. While this is convenient, the user experience does not match that of a native app in all cases; UI controls may not operate exactly like they do with native apps, for example.
GreenBits by contrast is a native Android app written from the ground up. It is not yet as fully featured as the cordova based applications (e.g. you can't create subaccounts from GreenBits yet), but it is faster and generally more pleasant to use. As of today GreenBits supports the majority of functionality that users have requested such as custom fees and transaction limits. On Android you can actually use both on the same device if you wish to.
Our goal is to eventually provide native applications for all supported platforms. We will be releasing new versions of the cordova apps soon which share more native code with GreenBits and they will therefore run faster/smoother. You can try either (or both) and see which you prefer. We have testnet versions available if you want to try them out without putting real coins at risk as well.
@_date: 2017-10-05 04:00:27
Oddly, we've never had that feature requested before that we can recall. We'll add it to list of UI improvements planned for the near term. Thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2017-07-11 02:21:32
GreenAddress supports segwit, this functionality is already live on our testnet clients should you wish to experiment with it.
For mainnet activation, the backend support will be enabled some time after segwit is activated (itself after the lock-n period).
At that point users will be presented with a popup where they can disable segwit on their wallets, otherwise it will be enabled once they generate their next receive address. I suspect all wallets supporting segwit have a similar manual enablement method to allow for any turbulence around the activation period.
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:58:43


You can send and receive segwit transactions with the GreenAddress testnet service today. This has been supported for over 6 months, and I'm sure other wallets are ready too.
