@_author: __grok__
@_date: 2017-07-20 23:43:39
Had Bitcoin sustained this, and continued on up, I don't think ordinary people would've felt very safe buying such a volatile asset... a return to $2600, and some peace and quiet, would probably be best for the long term value.
These levels of volatility scream market manipulation to me.
Bitcoin is just starting to get noticed by traditional investors. If they were looking for HYIP, they'd look at talkgold forums.
I mean, look how Ethereum has fared since its flash crash...
@_date: 2017-07-19 13:43:54
I disliked the way this article assumed PoS is a foregone conclusion - at present, they require checkpoints to prevent sybil attacks, and checkpoints introduce a central point of control, which in simple terms, is akin to giving some party an "administrator account", which even if that party is completely trustworthy in your opinion, as we've seen with hacks on centralized Bitcoin Exchanges, and also successful hacks on large banks around the world, I would not be willing to leave the security of my money up to some bits and bytes, in the scenario that a hacker could find some social or technical exploit and destroy the value I am storing.
@_date: 2017-07-19 12:37:48
For UASF to activate, you will need to sell your coins on the other chain, and use the funds to buy UASF coins - the idea is you're voting by throwing your economic weight behind your chosen path - UASF is an opportunity for Bitcoin users to make a choice, that developers and miners have been unable to for the past 2 years.
Of course, if you don't care either way, be like most of the electorate, don't vote. If you end up with Trump though, can't blame anyone but yourself...
This is why the price is down - some people don't want to be part of the electorate when the time comes, or don't trust the electorate to do the right thing.
I think this correction was a good thing - the people that sold don't truly believe in the project, were just speculating, and I don't want them having much say in the outcome.
@_date: 2017-07-16 13:28:08
You're probably not having the best day. Come over to blockchain.poker (no registration, free credits, you just sit down and play) and we can chat there - I'm Batteaux (for the next hour or two anyway).
@_date: 2017-07-15 10:21:31
I'm going to take it as given that the OP simply wants the private key. Perhaps they want to sign something, and this isn't about storage.
This should get you the private key. Post back if it doesn't.
@_date: 2017-07-18 19:16:59
You won't get much sympathy here - there's people who've held through it all, for years. We've got them to thank for being not being at $0 today.
Unfortunately, what you did was reward someone who was too weak to hold past $2,900, despite how much demand it had taken to drive Bitcoin that high (demand that, as we've seen today, hasn't gone anywhere), and then (and you did a good deed), reward someone who was happy to buy at $1,900 despite how gloomy things must have seemed.
I'm not so cold though. Thank you for your contribution to the bitcoin market cap, we promise to take good care of it and continue on with creating a viable alternative to fiat.
@_date: 2017-07-16 12:30:25
And, this is how the irrational exuberance calms down over time; how bitcoin becomes stable, and therefore, useful - people sell after a rise, and buy after a drop, providing dampening/reducing volatility.
The market cap will be considerably higher by the time it's been through this process a handful more times, over the next 10-20 years, though.
As everyone is always trying to tell people here, you have two strategies: dollar cost averaging: simply convert an affordable amount each month to crypto, and leave it in an offline wallet, or a second strategy, whereby you keep a small percentage of your net worth in crypto, and every month you adjust that figure to keep it at the right percentage. The effect of this is you sell some when it's gone up, and buy some when it's gone down.
There is a third strategy: timing the market. I don't recommend it though, even if you have a team of people with years of experience, and the best trading tools - I mean, Pantera told everyone it was overbought at $1000 and you should cash out and wait. GBTC has massively underperformed vs BTC, because their trades have not worked out, etc. Well done if you've been lucky of course!
@_date: 2017-07-18 03:12:44
BIPs are the process by which improvements to the Bitcoin reference client (which I don't think they should have started calling Bitcoin Core; I believe this was a mis-step after BU and its ilk came along) are proposed and discussed. How these companies are trying to reframe the argument, is that improvements may be made instead by users switching to alternative implementations of the Bitcoin node software.
I'm of the belief that it is better for Bitcoin to have alternative implementations of the software - perhaps a Java reference client, a C++ reference client, etc. But that each version should be adhering to a reference specification, rather than alternative implementations being introduced with the intention to fork the project (which is more akin for example to how developers forked away from Oracle OpenOffice and created LibreOffice).
I believe the developers working on "Core", as they call it these days, would be right to state that clients adhering to alternative specifications in an attempt to achieve different goals, are no different from the various existing forks of the Bitcoin Reference Client; Litecoin, etc.
CLAM forked the software and the chain, and that too is fine, because it was plain to all that CLAM is not Bitcoin.
Bringing multiple Bitcoins into existence, with each trying to claim it is the one true Bitcoin, that's just garbage in my opinion - you wouldn't fork an open source project on GItHub, change how it works, and then try to take its name.
There are plenty of existing coins with larger blocksizes (to name a few, , if these companies are so unhappy with Bitcoin's spec, they could throw their support behind some altcoin projects, or start their own.
I will support Bitcoin, for as long as I can see that the project is continuing with actions in line with its aim to be a decentralized trustless peer to peer payment system. I don't like the current tx/sec any more than anyone, but it is what it is; they've made great strides, lightning network holds great promise, as do sidechains.
I know some people are overinvested in Bitcoin. Yes, it's amazing, it really is - the potential to change the world for the better is incredible. If it does work, having a reasonable percentage of your savings in Bitcoin should be enough to provide a very large return, whilst at the same time, allowing you to make further investments in other world changing technology, and also, if you believe in a better world, one of the best ways to bring one into existence is through donating money to organizations who work to remake the world in ways you desire it to be remade (be that a world where children in Africa can afford to go to school, or a world in which cancer is cured, or, the sky is the limit, or where your favourite bloggers can make a fair living doing what they love - creating content that you love. Let you imagination run amok :) ).