@_author: __kgo__
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:36:37
Yep.  My big beef with the counter-argument is that modest deflation in the range of 1-3% only modestly discourages spending and investment.  It doesn't tip the scales as far as some people like to say.  And in a world where (totally hypothetical) bitcoins are worth 100,000 or 1 million dollars, that provides strong incentives to keep coins safe, minimizing those losses.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:03:19
Assuming you've got a decent RNG it's unlikely.
There actually was a case where a flaw in Android's RNG allowed people to predict random numbers and duplicate addresses:
Also people using 'brainwallets' have proven once again that humans are very bad generators of entropy, creating 'complex' passwords that were easy to reproduce, effectively acting like a broken RNG.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:23:42
The correct way to look at it is that an inflationary currency encourages spending, and a deflationary currency discourages it.  Its not a binary option.  How much is a subject for debate.  But it shifts people's incentives.  It doesn't mean that no-one or every-one will spend.
What the economists really miss is that there are two kinds of deflation going on:
One is the deflation of the rate of production, which is predictable and (after the first few years have gone by) doesn't result in a sharp increase in value over time.  At some point it gets to the point where it's less than healthy inflation rate, which means you make essentially a 2-3% return a year by saving.  That's hardly enough to deprive yourself of a decent lifestyle by spending money as you need it.
The other is the rapid deflation due to the rise in price as we decide what a bitcoin is worth.  This is totally unpredictable and can't generate guaranteed returns.  Because it can't be guaranteed, people will cash out under the right conditions.  
Saying that no-one will spend based on the unpredictable deflation is like saying no-one would buy bonds at 2-3% a year when the S&amp;P 500 returns 8% on average.  People park their money in bonds because they'll get that 8% a year over a long enough time horizon, but they could lose 30% in a single year.  Some people don't plan on spending that money for 10 years, but some people want to retire next year, want guaranteed income, and are willing to take a lower payout that is essentially risk-free.
In fact, every time we hit a price milestone, places like amagimetals do record business as people sell off some of their holdings.  This is people moving some of their risk out of bitcoin, similar to rebalancing your stocks into bonds when stocks are up.
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:20:27
In that case that's scenario 3.  It will stabilize at a modest deflation rate tied to population growth.  Your money will double every 30-40 years.  Plenty of motivation for many people to invest at those return rates.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:57:57
Economists need to define what deflation they're talking about.  They just see the word deflation and start talking OMG DEFLATION without looking at the numbers.
Is it the deflation due to the growth in price? If so that's not inherent to the bitcoin system.  And it clearly won't grow at the rate of 10,000% a year forever.  Eventually price discovery will stabilize out, and returns will no longer be guaranteed.
Is it deflation because the rate of production?  That's not technically true until 2140.  The printing presses will run every year until then, generating new money.
Is it deflation when the rate of production drops below a healthy growth rate?  We currently generate 10% new coins a year.  That will go to 4% in 2017.  It won't be until 2021 that we go below 2%, at which point we're producing less than a healthy economy is growing.  At that point your whopping rate of return for holding will be 0.3%.  Hardly enough to cause a deflationary spiral.  In 2025, that will be an effective rate of 1.2%.  Plenty of people will want better return rates than that.  You can no longer put $100 into bitcoin and retire in 10 years.