@_author: _admin__
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:42:29
If lightcoin, feathercoin, namecoin, etc. all were just as widely used as bitcoin, the government would either have to be much more invested in alternative currencies with only the same amount of influence over the individual currencies OR it would only have a fraction of the influence with whatever its current investment in dollars stands at.
Its much more difficult to manipulate multiple currencies versus one currency. 
@_date: 2013-10-26 04:07:19
One strong currency is definately better for *speculators* but if we are trying to build a resilient alternative means to trade, then multiple cryptocurrencies being in place would make it harder for any governement to seize influence. 
@_date: 2013-10-26 04:10:33
Would the government ever be able to fork the chain and make your coins worthless, if they controlled more than a certain percent of all mined blocks?
@_date: 2013-10-25 22:09:03
Diversify your portfolio of coins. If there is only one crypto currency the governments will have a much easier time manipulating its worth. 
Also, the anger at being defeated or manipulated by the government buying up large sums of BTC creates doubt in the community as to the currency's long term prospects. If there is more doubt, people may shy away, then BTC loses legitimacy as an alternative currency in the group conscious. 
On the positive side if the government buys in and does nothing with its stash for a while, the real price of goods will go down in terms of BTC, which is non-harming to the currency or anyone else. BTC is infinately divisable so as more and more people buy in, the real prices of goods will become smaller and smaller fractions. Nobody gets taken advantage of for getting into the game late, but the early adopters will be outrageously wealthy if this sticks around for another decade.
The government may also try to bounce the currency up and down so much that it makes it hard to set hard prices for goods, but I have seen enough people pricing in terms of dollars and then coverting that to BTC, that it seems this tactic wouldn't be useful. 
So don't be sad, diversify!