@_author: _breakfast_
@_date: 2017-11-17 03:51:46
Haha. Ok, sweet. So it's here to stay for awhile, hopefully. I think I'll try getting into bitcoin more. 
Thanks for all your help. Wish I could have convinced my "accountant" to let me buy when it was at 5,600 though. Oh well. Cya around!
@_date: 2017-11-17 03:34:22
Yes, my auto correct is shiet. Stupid, but thanks for working around it. You answered literally everything I was trying to ask b do thanks a million!
Lastly. I have some friends and my parents friends who say bitcoin is going to be shut down/banned/*SOMETHING* in roughly 6 months,b in the us. Does this seem likely and what to do about this? (I swear I think this is my last question!... for now xD)
@_date: 2017-11-15 02:48:32
Wow! You are really the bomb right now. I was away for a few days and only expected a few people to give shorter responses that would answer one or two questions but dang. 
I've gotta say thanks, and you answered pretty much all I was wondering. You also put it clearly and not mixed up, very organised and thoughtful. 
I live in the US, so I do not have 220v. Do you have any psus to recommend then? You did say 1600 gold plus but just wanted to know your thoughts on it. And also what about a jumper? I never heard of that part. Would just using the ++ from Bit main be fine with an S9 it L3+ in the US? 
As well, how do I choose a pool? Like, I'm not sure where to look much as much previous searches have given me nothing but more questions. I would probably have a pool for bitcoin, one for some alt coin, and one for lightcoin. Where should I look for these?
And lastly, where and how would one sell the bitcoin to get it back into usd? I know you can use bitcoin in places like Amazon but if I wanted to get some in cash, what would be needed to do so?
EDIT: one thing, yes I do know that nice hash works in the way it does. I just don't want to spend much time messing around with much stuff I dint understand trying to gpu mine (cough *but not eth*... cough)
Thanks a million!