@_author: _cjr
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:47:31
Here from front page: Bit coin won't succeed until you guys figure out how to make it not sound like either a scam or a bunch of technobabble. Sure, I'll admit I'm fucking stupid, but so are most people. Bear with us and understand, you sound like you are trying to sell some scam. Seriously, since op is so mad at you guys for being so dense, you bit coin loving fuckers sound like scam artists to normal stupid people like me.
So, The tiny (or huge Chinese server farm) amount of computer power you apply to this system, that probabaly doesn't need nearly the amount of computer power it is getting to do what it needs to do, which idk what it even is supposed to do, decode other people's Bitcoin trades or some shit, and then you semi randomly might get a Bitcoin as a reward. So where does the value come from? "The full faith and credit of the creator of Bitcoin who no one knows?" Seriously guys, you don't know who the creator of what the true purpose of the system is. I say get rich scheme that got out of hand. Scammy scam scam. It's all anonymous. Scam. Value goes fucking nuts for who knows why? Stocks are worth what some one will pay. Is it the same for Bitcoin essentially? Except, I have an earnings report for Apple, and I have news stories about their doings, if they get a plant destroyed by a hurricane or what the hell ever. Futures markets I can look at long term weather patterns and decide corn is gonna get dicked in 3 years. I can see civil unrest in whatever country that will hurt their currency. What do I have for Bitcoin?  Wait Is it a liquid currency meant to buy shit? Or is it a fairly liquid investment? A long term investment strategy? And dudes I barely comprehend what an ETF is, if a broker wanted me to buy a Bitcoin ETF I'd tell em to fuck off. You know where I heard of ETFS!? R/wallstreetbets 
Now I also think I remember hearing China banned Bitcoin (or another cryto currency) because it started to fuck up the Yuan. So it is clear that properly implemented in society it will be successful, and maybe it will create stable prices and interest rates and shit across nations, which SEEMS good to me.
In the very end though, despite my libertarian ideals I extremely dislike the idea of anonymous transactions. More worried about bribes, ransoms, corporate collusion etc... Drugs and guns get bought easily now not even worried about that. Im worried about like "White collar" use of  bitcoin... the Candidate X campaign fund.
See, here is the fucked up part about everything I just wrote. Since you assholes can't properly explain what Bitcoin even is, that every one of my opinions is invalid because I don't understand what bitcoin is. Like you could probabaly respond to every paragraph I wrote with "You are fucking stupid" which I am but so are most people.
And that's how I feel about Bitcoin guys!