@_author: _dannybrewster
@_date: 2014-08-12 12:09:32
He must still browse this subreddit regularly
EDIT: It's still there though, even though it's been changed. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:37:23
BTW, I did watch the video up to about half-way. Didn't hear anything other than just positive babble. Care to cite one of his arguments that you feel was particularly fresh and striking?
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:11:30
*searches on Wikipedia*




*clicks 'Discovery Institute'*


@_date: 2014-08-12 12:01:30
Took a look at this website edit you did




Nice bullshit you've put on there OP
Though at least this post isn't pure bullshit like most of the shill crap that's posted here
Still, puts you in a pretty bad light to admit you're jewing people out of $400 - especially considering that you know full well that they're probably never going to see even one Bitcoin customer anyway.
@_date: 2014-08-19 15:00:57
Don't worry, I've got just the plan!
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:04:48
It's important for me to clarify that my initial post was made with the title of the post in focus, rather than the video. You can see for yourself that in it I recount my actions upon reading the title, and not the watching the video.
Now normally that wouldn't alone make me dismiss someone. For instance, If someones posts 'Andreas Antonopoulos explains why Bitcoin is better than fiat', that's still a pronouncement and not an argument. However the difference I think is that that is a lead-in, whereas this post is more of an impact statement.
It starts with 'Tech visionary' - there's the authority, then the name of the authority, and it ends with a firm statement: 'Bitcoin *is* the Libertarian Solution to the Money Enigma'. As though no further qualification were necessary. And my thought here would be: Well if there's not going to be any further qualification, then I'm just going to examine who this guy is, and judge how credible he is based on that.
But I did subsequently watch the video, first to half-way, and then later in full. What I watched didn't impress me, in that it all seemed to be rambling shambles and no argument. Towards the second half he does make something of an argument, in particular when the interviewer asks him a pertinent question about IRL regulation of Bitcoin despite however unregulated it might be on the internet.
But I guess the point I'd make here is that I didn't hear anything fresh, and nothing more insightful than any other Bitcoiner could proffer. I think the video actually does justice to the claim therefore that this post is an appeal to authority, on account of him being renowned and (supposedly) a 'tech visionary', rather than any actual arguments he brings to the table. I think this post is being upvoted not because of any argument being made, but because it is a 'seal of approval' you might say.
In regards to mental compartmentalization, yes this is a valid point, though I have not addressed it thus far because I felt the clarification was more important and relevant to the heart of the matter. By compartmentalization I refer to holding two seemingly conflicting beliefs at once. As someone mentioned, there's the example of Newton believing in alchemy, and of course Christian fundamentalist scientists, and so forth. I assure that I by no means have disagreement with this. 
I will pose it to you however that in this particular case, the man's conservative political &amp; economic beliefs appear to color his view of Bitcoin - though this is just what I suspect from glancing at his Wikipedia page. I only pose it as being suggestive. I would at the very least say that there is no reason to hold this man in high esteem, at least from my perspective - as I would say Robert Shiller for instance.
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:17:38
An 'ad hominem attack', as you so rabidly like to put it, is not a fallacy in the absence of an argument.
That can seem a cop-out, but it's quite simple really: Employing an ad hominem does not make sense when attacking an argument, because it has nothing to do with the argument itself. However an ad hominem used in regards to a matter of assessing a person's character is of direct relevance - the ad hominem speaks to the core of the matter, which is the person's character.
@_date: 2014-08-12 10:34:34


Thanks for that - I'll put it in the repost folder.


Promoting the [Bitcoin E.X.I.T. Kit](
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:19:13


Your comprehension skills have failed you. I specifically state that there is an absence of an argument - in the very line you quote of me! - and therefore we cannot assess it.
I recommend you reread my response to Beetle559 in which I say in the first sentence that I would have made a different comment if there actually was an argument to assess, like 'George Gilder argues that Bitcoin is X because of Z'.
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:33:18


This has absolutely no relevance to my comment.


Not in the US m8. The US constitution explicitly preserves a separation of church and state, meaning for instance that you cannot promote your beliefs in the public domain. Just to take one recent article I was reading about, a restaurant which gave a 15% discount for praying before a meal was forced to cease it or face legal proceedings.


You appear to confuse 'rights' with 'views'. I assure you they are not meant to be used interchangeably. They indeed do have their right to have religious belief, so long as they do not enforce it upon me, but that does not make their religious belief valid. Unless, by 'valid' you mean something other than 'true' or a 'right', in which case I don't know what exactly you're talking about.


Compartmentalization of the mind does indeed occur, however in this case I think it would be considered at least worthwhile of suggesting that his conservative political and economic views are coloring his view of Bitcoin. In any case, that's not fundamental to why I discard his opinion.


Sounds like simple words for a simple man to me. If I 'discard' ISIS, am I diminishing myself? If I discard the theory that the earth is flat, am I somehow diminishing myself?
I'd say no, and I can explain why I'd say no if you like.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:24:23


'Soon' is not good enough. Your website is unprofessional and demonstrates literally zero investment - so why should anyone trust your sincerity or competency?
Your post is spam, regardless of whether you're a scammer or not.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:13:41
This news is old - It dates back several years
The money wasn't created from 'thin air' - it has been stolen from the NAB, and consequently from NAB shareholders.
The short story is they caught him, but haven't progressed with charges against him probably because it would have caused a media shitstorm about how the NAB is/was insecure. Better to just forget the lost money and write down their losses, especially since the guy can't pay it back anyway.
Most people would get thrown in jail if they did this, and that's what usually happens - this guy is a unique case as explained above.
@_date: 2014-08-14 09:26:19


NAB was footing the bill directly. Note that the cash he got was not just some imaginary digits going in and out of bank accounts - the money was withdrawn from ATMs as physical cash. That is not 'created' money, any more than any other banknote.
The suspected reason why charges were not pursued is as I have explained above, is that it would create an uncomfortable situation for the NAB. If they allow the police to investigate the matter, it could uncover other such instances that have occurred - perhaps by professional thieves, unlike this amateur.
The guy has already admitted his guilt, and it's not a matter of not having enough evidence to convict him - the guy would have left a very obvious paper trail, going by his description of what he did. Remember, this guy is no professional criminal - this is just an ordinary guy who stumbled across an opportunity and got too brazen with it.
In fact, the only reason you're hearing about this in the first place is because this guy is literally begging to be convicted - he's been living his life for the past few years with it hanging over his head.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:32:57
The difference between an argument and a pronouncement is in fact very great indeed.
For instance, 'Ouch!' is a pronouncement. Is 'ouch!' consistent with logic and reality? Well yes, it is.. but it tells us nothing of the truth or falsity of the matter.
In contrast, an argument goes something like this:
Audiodad is a fool
All fools are stupid
Therefore Audiodad is stupid
Assuming the premises are true (i.e. all fools are stupid), then we can assess the consistency of the logical argument. Even if the premises were false, we would still be able to assess the consistency of the logical argument. From logical consistency we do not derive knowledge of truth or falsehood, but from arguments of *valid* construction we can.
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:30:29
I would have made a different comment if the post had instead been 'George Gilder argues that Bitcoin is X because of Z', but the the post is not framed in that way - it is framed in a way that suggests that this man is right because he is George Gilder. The fact that he has made a positive pronouncement on Bitcoin is reason to promote it, apparently.
But this guy is no Warren Buffett or Robert Shiller. Even though arguments from authority are a kind of logical fallacy anyway, it surprises me that this guy would receive so many upvotes, considering his background.
@_date: 2014-08-19 15:01:35
Why? The price is at $485, and sunk to $309 yesterday
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:40:27
No backpedaling here. Everything in my first post I continue to assert 100%.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:12:12
In this post, I explain why I attack the man and not the argument:
To state it briefly, this post touts the man and not an argument. 'Bitcoin is the Libertarian Solution to the Money Enigma' is not an argument for instance, it is merely a pronouncement - and by what do we judge that pronouncement then, in the absence of an argument, other than the character of the man himself?
In watching the video, I didn't hear anything other than just positive babble. Care to cite one of his arguments that you feel was particularly fresh and striking?
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:39:50
In the absence of an argument, yes. My previous posts explain why this is justified.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:06:19
It's the top comment as of now, so I think it's panned out quite well.
I'll draw your attention to the fact that I didn't have to give an elaborate response to Beetle559's comment; in fact I didn't have to give a comment at all. The reason I did is that I wanted to clarify *why* I am attacking the source and not the argument that the source makes. The reason why, as I explain, is because it is the source that is being touted and not an argument.
That is not backpedaling. Backpedaling would be to make clear I'm attacking the source, and then say I'm not attacking the source. In contrast, my response was a justification for my initial post that addressed the concern of the respondent.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:52:18
C-can I ask you a question Danny-kun?
I've been wondering for a while now about whether you sincerely believed Neo &amp; Bee was going to be a great success, or if you realized early on everything had gotten ahead of you but you decided to just let it continue and hope for the best/hope something miraculous would transpire.
I suspect the latter, because surely you must have known that Neo &amp; Bee had no real revenue, apart from what you could soak up from investors. You must have known that you couldn't really afford that big lavish building and those TV advertisements. You must have had doubts/concerns about how you were going to make Neo &amp; Bee sustainable.
@_date: 2014-08-12 10:52:39
I believe they changed that sometime in the last year or so - now anyone can see (and possibly search?) your profile, but you can still make your timeline private
@_date: 2014-08-14 12:51:16
It doesn't have much of an effect either way, because the primary concern of Bitcoin investors is getting rich quick - the 'fundamentals' of Bitcoin are no longer a consideration.
I mean, just look at how much Bitcoin has sacrificed since it began: Anonymity/Pseudonymity, immunity to fraud, immunity to regulation, very low fees, etc. have all been scrapped in favor of identification requirements, susceptibility to fraud and regulation (i.e. MtGox, Neo&amp;bee, 'ATMs' that do biometric scanning), high fees (i.e. 5-10% ATM fees, escrow fees, payment processor fees, transaction fees are going to increase due to blockchain bloat), and it's also extremely volatile because of it's convertibility to fiat and treatment as a speculative asset rather than a currency.
So long as the new buyers keep coming in and keep the pyramid scheme going, that's all that matters.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:01:41
Even if this is legit, it's just spam
Site uses a free domain (.ga) and an invalid freely issued SSL certificate
In the trash it goes
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:02:43
Speaking on a personal level, I regularly listen to people who have differing views from mine - even those I'm strongly opposed to. For instance, I'm opposed to Bitcoin and have dismissed it as viable in the long term, but I still read/listen to the arguments expressed here on a regular basis.
I don't just believe that people have a right to express their views, but I think it is their right to be heard and our obligation to listen - not just for their benefit, as perhaps a threatened minority, but because we all benefit from increased dialogue. 
Mill lays out the argument well in 'On Liberty', but to put it in simple and concise terms: Even if the person we listen to is wrong, perhaps there is still something we can learn. Perhaps there is a grain of truth in what he says that may better our own understandings, or perhaps he will shed light on our own misunderstandings or lack of understanding - for instance, the fool might say 'The earth is flat'; We immediately call him a fool.. but come to think of it, how do we know the earth is not flat? And so our own investigation begins as a result of this provocation. Our knowledge of the truth increased, whether we are right or wrong in any case.
However, the reason in this case I attack George Gilder on the basis of his character, is because it is his character being presented upon which I am to judge. It is not an argument being presented; merely that we should upvote a pronouncement because this guy, George Gilder, for some reason should carry weight by his name alone.
I have asked, twice now of two different users, to present the argument which they seem to claim George Gilder is making. I am still waiting for a response. Perhaps you would care to oblige?
@_date: 2014-08-14 09:32:50


I don't know about you, but I wouldn't pay $400 to create a webpage which nobody uses. I would only pay $400 if it brought me in more money/clients. The fact is that Eddie got fucking jewed, and that's all I'm saying - apart from the fact that OP's created webpage contains bullshit, but that's a seperate matter.