@_author: _dave
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:45:05
Interesting how none of the bitcoin symbols are actually in Russia. Not sure if it's intentional or not, but with this image and that meaning, the subtext I'm getting from this is, "the future is over there, not here".
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:31:22
Eh, the man may leave but the network stays around with basically the same support they had beforehand.
@_date: 2015-06-05 15:07:11
I'm thinking that what I've done is opened a slippery slope to that kind of environment. Give it a few years 
@_date: 2015-06-05 15:10:33
That's actually the driving force behind deployment. Was listening to the recent LTB podcast with Andresen and Todd, and I wanted to understand the conversation a bit better. Felt the best way to do that was set up a node of my own. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:02:13
Well this is a great way to start the day and oh god there's over 200 comments already.
In case you run out of funds before seeing this post, thanks for passing the gold around! Keeps the community strong!
@_date: 2014-07-15 20:58:17
Still working on being a oneaire.
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:04:54
This question gets asked a lot and shouldn't be downvoted.
The answer is, because we don't want to have to go through this same problem again in 10 years when/if Bitcoin becomes pervasive. Also, the vast majority of the global population doesn't have the luxury of living with a currency where a few base units will buy a light meal.
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:32:45
Typical WP dev.
It's 2015. Nobody is browsing without Javascript anymore. Grandma has JS enabled. Children have JS enabled. I can't think of any browser that ships with JS disabled.
The only ones who go out of their way to disable JS are people who are fully aware of the tradeoffs. And we're fully capable of whitelisting sites that we come across if we want to view their content. To us, a "YOU MUST ENABLE JS" overlay looks like a giant red flag that you're trying to do something really shady.
I'm not saying you are, and you probably aren't. It looks like you're kind of at the mercy of your WP Theme dev here, but that is exactly how it comes across to security conscious folk.
@_date: 2015-08-09 22:59:09
Because Theymos is of the opinion that XT should be viewed as an altcoin, and thus discussion that primarily involves XT doesn't belong in I won't link to the discussion but you can check the comment history for and find it pretty quick.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:47:37
Seriously, this has fucked me forever for traditional investing.
If BTC climbs high enough, I'd absolutely buy a house, diversify a bit just for security's sake, and just retire early. But if I diversify to traditional markets, all I can see is myself speaking to an advisor, and saying, "Ok, but that portfolio is only showing 20% growth year to year, that's nothing. Why are you wasting my time with something that's performing so weak?"
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:45:20
Yes, you CAN store your crypto there.
And when Coinbase collapses or gets shut down for some reason, you can kiss all of that crypto goodbye and never see it, or your money, again.
Do. Not. Ever. Use. An. Online. Crypto. Exchange. For. Long. Term. Storage. For. Any. Reason. Ever.
If you're going to put any amount of money in crypto that you're not comfortable losing due to 'Not knowing how this works', look into getting a Ledger Nano S, learn how to use it properly, do a test recovery so you know how it works, and store your crypto there.
There's browser based plugins as well that can store your crypto, and they sort of work, but if you aren't 100% sure your machine is infection-free, I would get a piece of hardware with a secure enclave like the Ledger Nano S just so you don't have to worry about losing your money due to foolishness.
A lot of people lost their early bitcoin due to foolishness. Don't be like them.
@_date: 2015-07-21 00:38:16
It's probably from the Hacking Team leak. We had to push 3 updates for Flash to the company over the last month, I expect this to be a fairly busy season as these things come out. Critical updates everywhere. 
I was worried about this one when I heard about it earlier today, but it's not like anyone is browsing the Internet on servers anyway. We'll be pushing this update during our regular server update window, but workstations got it during lunch
@_date: 2017-09-05 00:29:01
I'd wager a fair amount of people here aren't drinking the koolaid like you are. There's a lot more important things in the world and in life than the success of some rando's cryptocurrency and whether some pseudo-dictatorship approves of it or not.
BTC is cool and all, but let's be real. It's nowhere close to being the single most important factor in life or in world politics. The home improvement industry has a higher market cap than bitcoin does. And centering your life and politics around how some random country like New Zealand supports home improvement stores is kinda silly.
@_date: 2018-04-24 16:31:28
It's not just conning, it can be a muddy waters scenario, or just fundamental disagreements.
I was on their side for a considerable amount of time. I was in the bitcoin game early on when it was all "freedom and decentralization and libertarian festivals and down with the big banks the internet of money is going to help everyone out of poverty! Everyone can be their own bank! Alpaca socks!"
Then I came back to the scene after a few years and the subreddit had changed to 'Bitcoin was never meant to be a peer to peer electronic cash system, [why would you think that]( Why would you ever *buy* anything with bitcoin?'
I'm paraphrasing of course, but fees continued to climb. And the community's focus had changed. And even back in 2015 everyone was blindly hyping some apparent vaporware 'lightning network' which, back then, everyone insisted was "Just around the corner!" and "Lightning Network will fix this! It'll fix everything! We promise! I saw a YouTube video on it once!", when just increasing the damn block size like Satoshi had left as an option seemed like it would immediately result in lowering fees back to economically moot levels like they had been originally.
I'm glad that we're finally starting to see some of the LN, but I'm still apprehensive that the lightning network will actually fix anything. In my career, I'm very used to vendors and sales guys promising the same kind of promises and when we finally get the product, it's a sack of hot garbage. I still hold my BCH that I got from the fork, and continue to buy small amounts regularly alongside my BTC buys. But that's due to inherent economic selfishness and my refusal to blindly support one side over the other, as if cryptocurrency is some kind of competitive sport where only one side wins.
Really it wasn't until I had the realization that a perfect storm of high fees and high volume with a large blocksize might result in, (though doesn't guarantee), a runaway blockchain size problem, in the event that trading volume doesn't go down. If the market becomes crazy bullish and blocks are full and stay full, having large blocks becomes a big problem really fast. And high fee, full block conditions can come out of nowhere. Just see late 2017 for example. I honestly didn't know if that surge was ever going to stop. I was concerned that $20 fees were just 'the new normal' for bitcoin. It was entirely possible.
I still wish BTC would harken back to their roots a little bit and try to solve some layer 1 problems before moving to layer 2 but as aantonop said, if we really need those things, we can always make Bitcoin2 in 10 years or whenever. And transitioning from Bitcoin to Bitcoin2 will be significantly easier than transitioning from Fiat to Bitcoin1. Let's focus on that first.
I'm still not convinced that Core is a purely positive influence on bitcoin. But I also don't agree that BCH is "the original bitcoin".
@_date: 2015-03-18 15:40:50
Changetip has this feature where you can take a string of text, (like "pizza", "backdoor", or "djwixiejsj"), and assign an arbitrary value in BTC to it. 
It provides a great way to confuse people outside of the Bitcoin community who may receive a tip for 'pizza' and be disappointed to find that they only received 10 cents of USD value, but hey, it's not like we care about making this technology accessible to outsiders when we can use it to make le epic maymays
/changetip rant
@_date: 2013-12-21 19:34:42
Open source is one thing, can we get this audited? 
@_date: 2013-12-14 23:26:26
IDEA the 1st:
Young, attractive business owner is opening up their package from the generic ePay electronic transaction company. They pop it onto their phone, look up, happy now that they're finally able to take electronic payments. This will do wonders for their business! This scene can be done in maybe 4 seconds.
About 4 seconds of them taking transactions, sliding credit cards, and generally looking happy.
We're 8 seconds into the commercial now, and here's where we get heavy:
Cut to a few weeks later, they receive their first statement. Camera pans down their report of transactions.
Then they see the bank fee
And the rental fee for the card reader
And the processing fee
And the Visa/Mastercard fee
And the Discover fee
And the AMEX fee
And they see a grand fee total of let's say 10%. It's VERY important to show this in percent form.
Business person looks up from the paper, confused.
White screen with bitcoin-gold text, saying: "No Banks"
A quick 2 second clip of the following:
Guy pulls chair back
Hits power button on laptop
Typing in "bitcoin.org"
Mouse clicks on a bitcoin-gold "Download" button
Screen shows QR code and "You are now ready to accept payments" 
White screen with bitcoin-gold text, saying "No registration"
Our determined businessperson is going to their shop now in the early morning, we see the sunrise as he opens the door, and begins putting up "Bitcoin accepted here" signs. He checks his phone, Bitcoin app is ready to go. 
White screen with bitcoin-gold text, saying "No new equipment"
Another shot of busy business day, now people are using Bitcoin to pay. Business owner looks just as glad as before.
Final scene, we should be about 18-20 seconds in. Business person closes store, looks at his app. Sees their total earnings, and a line that says "Fee total: 0%". Takes out their old statement, looks at the "Fee total: 10%"
Business person looks relieved since they now have a solution that works for them. Scene ends with a new sign, a 10% off sale.


Final white screen, this time with the Bitcoin logo, with a line of sans-serif font beneath it where text fades up, stays beneath the Bitcoin logo for a half-second, then continues up, fading away and a new line appears beneath it, taking it's place.
The first was a line that said "for travelers", it quickly fades up to show a new line come up from beneath it saying "for families". It too fades up and the last one, saying "for businesses" comes up, in a regular font instead of a light font.
White screen with "For Everyone", with "bitcoin.org" beneath it, and a happy little 'ding' from the accompanying soundtrack.
This allows for further "Bitcoin: for everyone" commercials to be done as well, showing off the applications.