@_author: _flatline_
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:50:02
Only if those consequences were severe enough and likely enough. If the victims of pollution couldn't afford counsel, or the fines were less than profit, etc etc, then no compliance. 
On the other hand, if your perfect Libertarian world includes representation for all where time and legal costs don't matter, and rulings were rigidly enforced in the favor of the wronged, then that amounts to *de facto* regulation regardless (in a messy reactionary way).
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:04:43
YES.  If for no other reason than the only way that I know of (and admittedly I'm not overly familiar with bitcoins) to make them liquid (convert back to USD) is through an exchange like Mt. Gox.  If they don't have the cash on hand, or don't want to buy your large amount, you're screwed.  No FDIC insurance here bro.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:20:56
Pretty easy actually.  A lot of people just look at what they put into their bank account/mattress each paycheck.  I can tell you my yearly salary (because that's how it's negotiated), and I can tell you what I take home (net) a month - I'm paid once/month.  If you wanted to know my monthly gross (pre-tax income) though, I'd have to do the math.
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:05:03


I don't think this is likely to happen.  In any market, of any kind, someone is probably on the losing end of a deal.  You bought low, because some poor guy had to get out and couldn't keep his money in.  You sell high, some chump is trying to get in on the hype and doesn't realize he's late to the party.  Someone is always left holding the buck.  
Not only that, bitcoin WANTS to be an anonymous, unregulated system.  It's basically a black market that is operating in the open.  Selfish behaviors are how people are "winning" at it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:51:51
Only if the purpose of the "DDoS" is actually service disruption or denial.  If the goal is market manipulation, then it is in that party's best interest NOT to destroy the responsiveness of the exchange.
And in fact, due to the unregulated nature of BTC, an "attack" like this is a perfectly valid use-case that stock/commodity traders use every day.  Bitcoin exchanges just don't have nearly the horsepower of modern stock exchange.
edit - in the other thread, the mt gox rep basically confirmed that HFT (High Frequency Trading) is legit in their eyes (and once you say that, it's hard to say "this HFT is good, that other HFT games the system too much/is selfish").  Coincidentally, volume of transactions is how exchanges make their money.
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:56:50
Can you explain why your decision is based on BTC holding its value for a week?  A week of sitting at $200 is hardly an indication of any future movement or prediction of value.  How old are you, and what type of job would you be leaving?  Explaining to a future employer that you gambled on bitcoins and won might be an interesting icebreaker, but lengthy absences from the workforce can be Bad News.
I heartily applaud your endeavor - it seems like you've already paid back what was probably an unfavorable loan.  I just can't see "retiring" based on having a decent amount of a digital commodity.  If you give up your steady source of income, it seems like you're forcing yourself to sell your investment to pay the bills, no matter what the price is at the time.  What happens when the value of a bitcoin crashes (even temporarily, [maybe there's another big heist]( and you need to pay whatever bill?  Now you're stuck selling from an unfavorable position.
