@_author: _fuzz_
@_date: 2017-12-30 19:11:17
The "gains" refers to the amount of money you made from the coin since you bought it, so if you bought $600 of Bitcoin which is $1000 dollars when you sell...you'd have to pay capital gains tax on the $400. It is irrelevant what it's being traded to (trades between different cryptocurrencies are now included in capital gains as of new tax bill). I'm pretty sure the trade fee is irrelevant too.
@_date: 2017-12-22 02:44:45
The problem is that the price is extremely unpredictable, it seemed obvious that a correction was coming eventually but no one knew when.
So while selling at 19k and buying at 10k would be great, you could just have easily sold at the 'high' of 10k a couple weeks ago and missed out on the 9k rise or sold at 19k and it have risen to 30k instead or dropping to 10k.
Since Bitcoin is so unpredictable, the benefit of HODL is that you believe in the long term success of Bitcoin and chose not to negate the risk involved in guessing when the best times to sell and buy back in are.
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:52:35
It's easy to manipulate because currently so few people and entities maintian so much control of the market so their actions can greatly influence the price. That was most clearly seen with Mt Gox.
Bitcoin could be a more stable entity( more like gold) if multiple things happen. First the bitcoins need to be spread out among enough people so one person or group of people won't have enough to be able to influence the markets. Secondly, there needs to be a large group of people that see Bitcoin as a long term asset and will hold no matter what, this will insulate the price by having a lot of bitcoins 'out of circulation' so only a smaller pool of bitcoins will influence the price. Thirdly, there needs to be better ways to exchange, store and buy things with Bitcoin so it's easy to use while able to be exchanged in a way that doesn't give a few exchange sites too much control over the bitcoins.
All these issues could definitely be solved but the problem is that in order for the stability, Bitcoin needs to grow a lot and that's the core of the problem. How do we deal with manipulation, volitility and scaling issues until more stability is reached is hard to answer. It's also very problematic that the people we need to be buying for stability stay away because of the volitility and risk so most the people that are buying see it less as a long term investment and more as a get rich quick deal. These types are much more likely to look short term and sell during dips, propagating their lows. The gap between the smaller Bitcoin community acceptance and more general acceptance is huge and all the scaling/coinbase/bcash etc are making it clear that Bitcoin isn't ready to prove establishments that it's a good asset for the future. I'm fine with this dip because it might give the developers some breathing room to implement their scaling solution and make people more weary about their investment. This would hopefully lead to a more steady growth and more of a HODLer mentality in those who do invest.
I don't know if Bitcoin will be the cryptocurrency to win out overall(I could definitely see a Myspace/Facebook situation with Bitcoin and another one) but I believe that  a digital currency that can be used along side fiat has too many potential benefits for one not to eventually rise to widespread promeninece. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:44:15
It's not a tax on Bitcoin, what it does is make your capital gains on your cryptocurrency taxable when they are used to buy other cryptocurrencies. 
It was a grey area in the law and deemed to be  deferrablet under the law allowing for capital gains deferments during 'like-kind' exchanges. The GOP closed this. 
If you buy and hold any cryptocurrency you still won't have to pay taxes until you 'realize your gains' and sell your crypto. What changes is that exchanging one crypto for another is now considering 'realizing your gains'
In the longrun, I don't think will be as bad for Bitcoin as for all the other coins, because it will make it a much bigger hassle to transfer funds between different coins. In a way, it could end up benefitting Bitcoin but hurt the overall cryptocurrency community.
Edit: This seems like it will definitely have the biggest negative effect on crypto day trading