@_author: _grepthis
@_date: 2017-12-12 05:48:36
I get all my investment advice from wallstbets shitposts. I just do the opposite of what I read on there.
@_date: 2017-11-19 21:30:09
Yes you’re right, Equity gives you exposure to value created by corporations. 
My point was to not equate equity and bitcoin, they have nothing in common.
The point was that the value of bitcoin goes up not just because someone today thinks someone else will pay more for it tomorrow. This is a major source of price movements yes. 
The value of bitcoin is not just what amount of USD someone is willing to pay for it. By looking at only the price of a bitcoin in USD most people are missing the point.
The point is that bitcoin gets its value from being peer to peer, decentralized, that you don’t need a third party fir trusted transactions, that your account cannot be frozen, just because some government or politician thinks that it should be, these features may not be important to you or everyone, but they have value. 
The fact that bitcoin is not under the control of the federal reserve or any other central bank. This in itself is valuable, this makes bitcoin a safe haven to store value which is exempt from inflation managed by central bankers. 
These features of bitcoin makes it valuable and this is why some people are buying it. Are the features worth the price point!? I don’t know. 
Edit: sentence structure 
@_date: 2017-11-18 10:54:25
There are a lot of people who believe in bitcoin. believe in the technology and want to save the value of their hard work in a form of money which is decentralized and backed by maths, because they believe that the central bank based monetary system cannot be trusted. Because of numerous bailouts for greedy corporations by robbing the value of  the currency. These people buy or earn bitcoin and HODL it the same way you would hold money in your 401k. 
These people believe that bitcoin is valuable because of its properties of cryptography, decentralization and that it cannot be controlled by governments and central bankers yet, not because you can buy $7000 with it today and maybe buy $1MM with it 10 Years later.
However there are also a lot of people who don’t believe in anything philosophical about bitcoin, but, just see it as an asset class that can be traded on an exchange.
Commodity futures exist to provide an insurance platform to farmers and companies that depend on the price of raw materials to stay stable to stay profitable(e.g a tomato farm and McDonalds) but it does not stop a trader with no farms and no companies to also speculate on the future of tomatoes and trade tomato futures.
Such a trader who is trading tomato, corn or coal on a commodity market may not care about the underlying asset much. The assumption is that the trader at least understands something about trading or tomatoes to make the right decisions.
I think that Bitcoin has attracted many such amateur traders and speculators because the barrier to entry is low and risk to reward ratio is high.
Bitcoin is highly speculative because it’s not very well understood by a lot of people who are buying and trading it. FUD is rampant and under these circumstances it’s easy to influence price movements. This causes over all price to move irrationally based on random news stories, causing trading opportunities for speculators to take profits etc.
Edit: some spelling and grammar (phone typing)
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:09:43
Fell off the chair. You’re killing me.
@_date: 2017-11-28 06:50:43
I think rational is propaganda! All empires need propaganda. 
Upvoted you.
@_date: 2018-11-26 18:17:57
Thank you, kind redditor! Happy holidays!