@_author: _ingsoc
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:44:40
What appears to have happened is Softpedia picked up a press release distributed a few weeks ago that the project wrote to try and create some awareness for its airdrop initiative. Didn't anticipate much coverage, but a decision was made to at least try and get some exposure - nobody wanted to look back and face accusations the project was kept in the dark for a select few. [Here is a link]( to the original press release on the wiki. It's critical of issues in Bitcoin based on participation in that development ecosystem.
Softpedia published [an article]( by the title of "Amid Bitcoin Centralization Worries, Core Developers Start New Currency Called Decred". It looks like confusion started here about the word "core". The original title put on the press release was "Bitcoin Developers To Start New Digital Currency". Media houses seem to rewrite these, so this happened. [It got picked up]( by Slashdot and yesterday it was on their front page.
An uncomfortable conversation should now ensue about who has the right to call themselves "Bitcoin developers". The assumption that the phrase automatically means "Bitcoin Core developers" is unfortunate. This is not true, as many developers form part of the Bitcoin ecosystem, but sadly it speaks to the larger mindset. However, btcsuite is made up of Bitcoin developers, has been since 2013, can go head to head with Bitcoin Core any day, and some of these btcsuite developers now work on Decred. c0 funds development on both. Those are the material facts behind this "PSA".
@_date: 2015-12-29 15:04:42
That's not what was written in the release. Press outlets are literally just taking "Bitcoin developers" to mean "Bitcoin Core developers". It's incorrect. If they had omitted "Core" from the title it would have been better - still wrong because btcsuite dev continues unhindered.
You should have done some research yourself though because you just called something a scam without fact checking properly.
@_date: 2015-11-30 17:16:40
We've got to get out of this mindset where everything is interpreted as a threat to Bitcoin. Things can run in parallel and contribute pieces to an overall ecosystem that you could not do inside a sole lane. If someone is prepared to explore a new route, it should be supported. Diversity is good.
@_date: 2015-11-30 18:54:39
I hear you. It's true that the good:shit ratio for alts has been less than impressive, but I think it's wrong if we automatically shoot down alternative paths. Satoshi took a different path too, it's easy to forget that sometimes. I've spent some time following the work produced by the btcsuite guys, and if any group were to do an alt, they'd be a good one. They've made a ton of contribution to Bitcoin, and I think this will end up being another path to explore different features that would have no chance in hell of receiving exploration in Bitcoin in any other way - which is important to do. A different path is good for that.