@_author: _isaidnocookies
@_date: 2018-10-30 20:14:29
I agree that it is one way to protect it. All I'm saying is that for crypto to really become mass adopted, the management of crypto will have to get a little easier for the average Joe and hardware solutions are going to be a hard sell. But, I could be very wrong. Trezor and Ledger are doing quite well but you also see a lot more centralized solutions becoming more popular.
And of course at this stage--especially around the time of Mt. Gox, Cryptsy, etc.--the platforms were new, and were paving the way for a new type of ecosystem. Just as our bank accounts and the security around our credit/debit cards has gotten significantly better, custodial platforms will get better.
FYI, I am in no way against decentralization and relying on people to secure their own assets. I have a few hard wallets and rely on most of them for my crypto storage and usage. But as someone who frequently uses them, I just think it will be an uphill battle and provide another barrier to entry if people start losing their crypto because they didn't realize how important that device was.
Also, if you think about it, it's the only way to prevent people from blaming *other people* for losing their crypto. Crypto will still be lost (and probably at a higher rate compared to centralized systems) if everyone was in charge of their own custodianship. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 19:06:47
Do we think that crypto hardware wallets will help move along adoption or hurt it? Something tells me that moving towards managed (and probably centralized) solutions will help the tech get adopted but will move it away from the pure decentralized goals of many of the projects. Hardware is a bit dangerous for many people... Huge risk in losing funds and I can't see many people comfortable with that.
@_date: 2018-10-30 20:00:10
I think the problem is if you lose it. Or if someone compromises it. If that happens with your credit card (or for the most part your debit card), you get a replacement and can dispute charges. If that happens with your "crypto-card", you are kind of screwed. Not many people walk around with large amounts of cash for the same reason. I don't keep my debit card linked to my bank account either since that is harder to protect compared to my credit card. But it's just a thought. I know people enjoy these features of crypto until they mess up and it's gone.
@_date: 2018-10-30 16:58:25
American Express probably uses more energy than all the world's electric vehicles too