@_author: _jedijoel
@_date: 2018-03-24 10:43:33
What would you recommend? I’m currently using Jaxx but if someone can recommend something better specially for those who are just starting out, I can change the voucher accordingly.
@_date: 2018-03-13 12:37:31
I'll try to summarize everything in an easy to read format for the benefit of everyone. Thank you in advance for reading.
-The Summary-
I'm a 35 Year old expatriate worker who just got terminated from my job recently due to the economic situation in the country I am working at. I have a wife and we are expecting a child soon, hopefully.
-What happened-
I was someone who thought that I had everything under control, had very little credit and had some saved for a rainy day. Last year though, there are lots of decisions made by the government in the country I'm working at that favored against Expatriates workers very badly. This lead me to use my credit card in order to balance things out. Not to mention the price of petrol multiplying by nearly 3 times, I had to make ends meet somehow. However, everything was still under control and this is still okay.
A few weeks ago, a friend of mine from college got cancer and he needed help. Knowing that I was still in a faily good standing, I sent him most of what I have saved up in order to help for his treatment. I believe everything in life has a purpose and I believe that the purpose of the money I saved was for my friend.
What I did not know is that I'm going to be terminated from my job. I'm a fairly hard worker, going to office 1~2 hours before our scheduled time and finishing late just to finish all my tasks. Suffice to say, I really did not expect this. It was due to the fact that my profession was one of the few that was decided that no more expatriates can hold.
-A cry for help-
This is only one of the few times that I'm going to ask all you anonymous out there for help. I have no where else to run to and I don't know how to feed my family and pay for my rent at this rate... I always believed that I will be the one helping people but the opposite is happening right now. You might think that I'm pretty calm when you're reading this but believe me, I really don't know what to do right now.
Any help sent will be a blessing to me and my family and a promise to pay it forward somehow later on when I can...
Thank you in advance for the help and support.
-BTC Address-
@_date: 2018-03-22 13:36:33
For the past few months, I've started giving away Bitcoin as tips. Being in a country where Bitcoin awareness is not that high, I had to make a short instruction manual in order for the people to actually know how to receive them. The manual is the size of the smallest bill for the country I am currently at. I give it out to different nationalities (Indians, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Filipino, Egyptians, Syrians, etc!) I'll probably make a translation to different languages later on.
Just a brief background, I currently work in a foreign country where tips are not actually added to the invoice. So I usually give them a small amount in fiat and hand this over to them. 
Hopefully this will help raise awareness to countries where Bitcoin is not that popular!
@_date: 2018-03-24 10:59:51
I’ve been doing it for around 2 and a half months now, after starting around Jan. I usually eat out 3-5 times a week. So far 6, people contacted me. I gave out 0.002 ~ 0.003 bitcoin depending on the restaurant. To be honest, I was not expecting people to actually contact me, but the fact that some did means that people are actually interested. To me though, raising awareness is more or less the aim. I mean the guys I give it out to most likely will show it to their co-worker / roommate, introducing them to bitcoin.