@_author: _jsf
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:33:24
I posted something similar about Monero, but I really think that cryptocurrency is in the early-1990s-internet stage, with the same knowledge gap between the early adopters and the public, but also the same potential to affect society. 
It was hard to explain to people what a website was and why they could be important. You had to use terminology that the average person just didn't have in their vocabulary. But as it took off and became usable for the average person, the public was eventually able to understand the value of the internet, even if they remained hazy on the details. This is because they had personally experienced it and could visualize new uses.
Likewise, we are in a period where explaining the value of cryptocurrency  is hard because it requires the usage of terms that need explanation themselves.  The resistance by traditional investors is probably because they can't really envision what it is. Their mental picture of it may be similar to stocks or fiat currency, but it is neither; it's an entirely new sphere of financial activity. 
In the future, we will be able to speak about cryptocurrency without having to make analogies to other asset classes, just like we can talk with non-experts about websites without having to compare them to some other method of communication. 
This is why I'm not worried about price fluctuations. The philosophy behind it is solid and it solves needs in a novel way, many of which you mentioned. Maybe the future will not be Bitcoin but something better--that's great. But I am convinced that cryptocurrency is absolutely going to be a huge part of daily life and we will look back at this period the way we look at tech in the  early 90s. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 20:22:13
It makes no sense to close exchanges; it's better for governments to keep them around and just demand customer info when they want it. 
Pushing everyone to P2P makes surveillance much harder. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 18:24:40
A while ago I decided to stop drinking my bitcoin and start buying it. It was well worth it. Good luck!
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:03:16
I think this vulnerability is the result of having a lot of people without much understanding of cryptocurrency throwing a lot of money into it. They know that they don't really grasp it, so they are highly sensitive to risk and panic at the slightest nudge.  
This applies even to the experts. Very few folks have a background that prepares them for understanding both the economics of cryptocurrency and the technical details of how it works, but you really need to know both to make informed, rational decisions about it. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 00:15:23
Individual wallets are individual targets for hackers. If a hacker wants your Bitcoin and my Bitcoin, he has to hack both of our computers. If we're using hardware wallets or paper wallets, the task becomes very difficult. 
The result is that you are responsible for securing your wallet and thus your money. But while some see that as a disadvantage, the same holds true for your bank anyway. If you pick a bad login password for your bank, you're hosed.  Banks (and exchanges like Coinbase) provide single targets with millions of victims, offering a single point of failure and huge rewards. They also have insider threat risk because they have employees and contractors. 
Worse, when we spend money using credit cards, our card information is stored by the payment processor in databases. This info is all that is necessary to spend our money and can be (and often is) hacked and stolen by the millions. With cryptocurrency, the money can only be spent by whoever holds the private keys, which can and should remain safely tucked away. They are never sent over the network or stored on a third party's computer* when you buy something. This immediately removes an enormous and lucrative attack vector. Credit card fraud makes a gigantic impact on the economy--about $16 billion in 2016 in the USA alone: 
*This is not true if you leave your coins on exchanges. Always move them to your own wallet. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 19:14:56
No, Forbes will still be predicting its imminent death. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 20:26:01
"the people are the government"
This is not the case for the majority of the world's population. 