@_author: _nekk_
@_date: 2019-12-29 13:05:42
trust me i would love to use bitcoin as my means of purchasing but in a country like this there is many factors that deter you to not use it.
1. outdated tech
2. the unregulated market in technology
3. denounced as a tool for drug dealers and people using it are criminals 
4. 35% live under the poverty line and can't afford the tech
5. taxes are soo high and any remaining money has to be used to survive not investing in crypto because no one uses it anywhere in the country. so keeping your money in crypto and not being able to use it in a time of need is dangerous
6. most stores are outdated and still use ink and paper for accounts and purchases
7. people cant convert it to USD or use crypto to pay suppliers who import to the country so there is a wall that has to be broken between suppliers and stores
@_date: 2019-12-29 13:41:12
step after step. first we stop corruption and get the country on its feet again and sooner or later people will see the benefits of crypto and the hassle-free use of it. only time can tell
@_date: 2019-12-29 13:21:19
Yes you are very right on the second part. But one of the main reasons why we use usd is because the government doesn't help anyone pay to suppliers (only accept USD).
So franchises and stores need dollars which is why they use they use them along side the countries currency the LL
In other countries the government handles the exchanges and pays suppliers and the whole country only uses the nation's currency. For us we have mo government assistance in this matter so we are forced to use both currencies so we are able to survive in the country
@_date: 2019-12-29 03:58:42
The banks will offer you 1515 to the dollar.
Exchange rate on the other hand at the current moment is 2000, at one point it peaked ar 2980 for 1 dollar. 
All the exchanges are breaking the law by buying the dollar higher than 1515LL. But due to bad regulation and government not caring about the exchanges not following the law, people began to panic and sell dollars at higher amounts while everything else remained the same price wise.
People began to take advantage of the price increase and sell all the USD they had and were literally making large profits because of the peg system
But basic economy will always say supply meets demand so when we had alot of dollars taken out the market the price of them still remains high
Most common items and products produced in Lebanon did face price increases.
Another problem atm are imported products, suppliers of these products only accept USD, so super markets and anyone buying imported products will face a much bigger profit loss due to the high conversion rate. In the end every product in the market did go up in price. Some higher than others. Cigs manufactured in Lebanon costed 1500LL (1$) now cost 2750
@_date: 2019-12-29 12:49:54
yes everyone including me would have taken that advantage. but right now with lots of politicians getting caught stealing hundreds of millions of dollars and the Swedish central bank releasing info stating that 300 billion dollars of politician money are in their reserve. the people began to panic and tried best they can to withdraw their money from the bank
  
before the revolution began. i was able to withdraw from my debit card 3000$ a day. then it became 500$ per week. then 300$ per week and now only 200$ per week  
the bank became very afraid of all the money leaving the banks and a possible bankruptcy might be declared. so exchanging cash and putting in the bank and withdrawing is not soo efficient and atm there is no trust between people and banks so the last thing people want to do is put more money in the bank that is allowing the big people to steal more money from people
@_date: 2019-12-29 04:06:57
Basic necessities such as bread,water and flour did not just increase in price but people who made bread simply went on a strike and did not produce any bread what so ever for a whole week because the government did not take action when the rate went up
The strike was done by all people who buy products outside to use in there own business. Let's say you as a super market bought every month 10 cartons of milk for 150,000LL (100$). the rate goes up due to bad regulation and panic in the economy. And your supplier only accepts USD. So my 150,000LL is worth less and does not get me what I use to buy before because the rate is much higher
All stores and franchises started to strike and most frequent strikes were fuel stations. They buy fuel from out side the country so they are required to pay in dollars. But a loss is made each day in profits because to convert your Lebanese lira to dollars is a big loss. So a strike was done almost daily to send a message that something has to be done. They would go days without selling fuel to anyone
@_date: 2019-12-29 13:39:42
ill try to break it down.
you are a person who owns a gas station (MEDCO). you buy fuel from outside the country and the supplier of the fuel only accepts USD as payment. it is now the end of the month and you have to pay the supplier. so you head down to the exchange and switch your LBP to USD so you can pay back the supplier. and any money left aside is profit
but another thing is the government taxes 11% on each liter you sell. and on top of that, they tax you because you are selling fuel for around 30%
in a respected and regulated country. the gas station owner doesn't have to worry on paying back the supplier it is the government's job to exchange it. they would tax the person a fixed amount and the government will handle the supplier. keeping it all regulated and more importantly using a single currency 
not sure if this kind of explains the process on who uses what but feel free to ask more and i can answer anything.
also any store can give you USD as change it just isnt common
@_date: 2019-12-29 02:32:31
As someone who is currently living in lebanon, i dont think there is a chance for bitcoin adoption, i would love to see it and use it since the country has high tax rates which unfortunately is still going up every year. 
Having bitcoin instead would make the whole economy move but another case is that lebanon is very outdated in terms of technology, people buy things like laptops through the black market where nothing is regulated or even up to date in specs, people still use there hands to earn money and you can almost count the people who know how bitcoin works.
the country is still very old and far far behind compared to countries where you can use bitcoin daily. 
bitcoin has already been publicly announced as a tool for drug dealers to money launder and do more illegal activities so the reputation as of now is very bad.
the way the currency works in lebanon is that we "pegged" the LL to the USD, before the revolution 1$ = 1500LL. this was done to stop the high inflation rate during and after the latest civil war decades ago. which is why people will always say no matter what the country goes through we saved the currency by making it "fixed" in a way
@_date: 2019-12-29 13:00:54
atm literally no one wants it. they would rather use the USD as they know it isn't a broken currency like the LL and this is why the banks dont allow people to withdraw more than 200$ a week. but you are allowed unlimited in LL from banks
@_date: 2019-12-29 12:37:22
This is very true and I do support bitcoin to enter Lebanon but you have to live here to see that many people cant afford phones to begin with, 35+% of the people live below the poverty line.
We have the highest internet fees such as 57$ for 20gb mobile data or what I use from the ONLY internet provider in the hole country 60$ for 220kb/s, yes kilo bytes not megabytes 
The country's best universities and the university that is ranked as 1st place in the middle east does not have computers up to date, we as re talking about box computer and monitors and the leading university 
After generations and generations of war from outside and civil wars people began to trust who can help them out in the time of need, that's where political leaders enter this whole story. People dont care about the money or the currency so long they are able to live and feed there families.
Making a living in this country is impossible, there is no minimum wage or any civil rights involved. I have seen kids work in construction from ages 15 and under. A civil engineer with a master degree will be lucky to make 600$ a month. A bank manager makes a maximum of 1100$ per month. So in a time of need people make do with what is around them to survive. If people were able to use bitcoins and purchases items with them in this country it would have changed the path Lebanon is in now. But just recently spotify was allowed in Lebanon so bitcoin is very far away to ever be used in the country unfortunately
@_date: 2019-12-29 12:51:52
no one atm is selling LBP to USD. unless it is necessary. such as the students who have to pay uni tuition in USD, some universities here only accept USD. people saw profit in selling USD to LBP. but with the pegging system. for people to profit from LBP to USD the price of LBP has to reach lower then the pegged price of 1500LL
@_date: 2019-12-29 13:08:18
USD is used in the country because of the PEG system. but im sure its the " Lebanese lira" nor USD as the main. in almost any country no 2 currencies are used within in it. the government would handle all exchanges and payments to suppliers but here in Lebanon, the government's job is just to tax people and not help them pay anything or convert anything. a free for all
@_date: 2019-12-29 12:57:25
its not just the technology in the country. its mostly that people here are not aware of how modern tech still works. we still use and depend on very old technology in most places. a supermarket near me still uses those machines that prints out a continues roll of paper each time a purchase is made and the owner would then right down the order for his accounts on an old MS-DOS machine. i asked why he doesn't get a proper POS system with simple paper recipients and he told me "i don't know where to get those machines and if i was to even get them i don't know how to install it and use it alone. so why give get a headache with all this when i can just use what i used for ages"
you can give all the people the latest tech but if you cant educate them and show them the amazing potential each wallet or tech has no one will bother to care, unfortunately. they are very old fashioned and stick to roots.
most people here have already gotten a bad image from all cryptocurrencies as it has been denounced as a tool for drug dealers to money launder
@_date: 2019-12-29 04:23:38
In a country like Lebanon every aspect of a country is rigged to benefits the politicians
You name it. Its not just removing the fiat money from there hands. There are much bigger factors involved. An example is one political leader is seen as terrorist in the eyes of the US but he control somehow the USD in the country.
Every aspect of peoples daily life is modified to benefit and increase the cash in politicians pockets
If I was to buy the latest I phone for 900$ and enter the country I have one month to pay a 480$ tax fee to be able to use a Lebanese sim card. If that's not theft then idk what is.
It gets worse because this system of paying tax on phones happened over night so anyone who has a phone which isn't bought in the country is sent a text warning them that one month left I'll they pay the tax or your line is burnt
Speaking of inflation. Ages ago, I'm talking decades ago. 40LL could buy you a house. Now 500LL in a single coin is worth 1 bottle of water. Inflation began because war from neighbouring countries and the civil war all about religion. Loss of trust began in the bank and the inflation skyrocketed to thousands. Which is why it was pegged to 1500 = 1$
Millionaires had 5000LL in there bank accounts but when the peg was agreed on millionaires only had a few dollars to there name in an instant. And banks declared bankruptcy on top of that
After decades and generation of dishonesty and economic problems people here see bitcoin as nothing cause it technically is literally a non physical item. Which is why they dont trust it
@_date: 2019-12-29 12:42:47
The united states imposed a sanction not letting any USD to be sent out the country because many corrupt politicians have been stealing them and sending them out the country and America sees one of the politicians as a threat and a terrorist and in an attempt to cripple him they don't allow USD to leave the country. as far as sanctions go that's the only one imposed on us atm
@_date: 2019-12-29 12:59:35
its hard to say what we believe in right now. all we can say that we believe in the people and what they are doing. they are trying to change the policies and the government structure to become more free and fight corruption. that's all we can believe in atm. simply adopting cryptocurrency will not change the core problems which are the people in power who have been caught time after time stealing from the people