@_author: _open
@_date: 2018-05-11 10:04:55
Bro, it's the first link OP provided. It's not that hard to see :)
@_date: 2018-03-25 12:19:02
I think you dont get my point.
Linux is, like Bitcoin, in its current state not suitable for the mass. 
Im not saying this will never change. In fact, I think and HOPE I can use A Linux distribution as my main OS in the future.
There are many examples of why Linux is not suitable for everyone. Thus I don't think its right to judge someone based on their OS pick.
I give you an example of mine. I would love to switch and never use Mac or Windows again. Especially as a WebDev, Linux is super benificial.
My problem is that the designer I get my screendesigns from are working with Sketch, which heavily relies on the Mac OS X core. No chance of getting it to work on other systems. Yes, I tried online viewers but they don't offer a lot of functions I heavily rely on.
Point granted though, as a Webdev in general, Linux is awesome since it gives you the infrastructure your application runs on in the end.
The thing is, Webdevelopment is only a small part why I need my computer. The biggest chunk of it is Music Production, another former Hobby of mine which turned into a profession. There is no support whatsoever for Ableton or Cubase, two of the 4 or 5 major DAWs. Not even talking about all the VSTs which I need. 
Music production on Linux? Forget it.
Last but not least: Gaming. Not a core part of why I need my PC, but still something I enjoy from time to time. Yes, AAA titles are ported more and more for Linux but even then you will face a lot of problems. Just played Civ 5 with my friend on Linux and his game always crashed after a few minutes. Took him a while to figure out that his Linux Version didnt support 8 cores of his processors, so he had to write a script to make it work. Worth mentioning that he's a Dev too and he had to look into the error log to get hints to his problems. Sorry, but you cannot tell me that average Joe is able to solve problems like this, too. Also. I really enjoy indie games, which are most likely written by a small team without the resources to write a Linux port. 
As I said, Im not saying this wont change. You already see that things are starting to shape up, which is great. But you cannot tell me that Linux nor Bitcoin are suitable for the mass in its current state. There are just too many obstacles right now.
tl;dr: dont judge people by their OS. They may have a reason why theyre using what theyre using.
@_date: 2018-03-25 09:16:48
Well. In hindsight, everyone is rich.
@_date: 2018-03-25 09:24:32
Jokes aside. Beside windows and mac, there is no OS suitable for the mass. Especially not if you rely on software which is not available for Linux. (which again, kind of makes it not suitable for the mass)
@_date: 2017-09-24 07:10:54
Don't worry, it's not only @_date: 2018-02-10 10:44:05
I seriously love Reddit. There are some awesome communities out there, but when it comes to cryptocurrencies, all related subs are just 90% emotional shitbags who have no clue in what they're investing. And of course, if you don't have a fundamental knowledge in what you're investing, you will start to panic very fast if there are drastic changes - because you have no clue what's up and how to react.
There are just too many people who want to make quick money. Result is FUD and FOMO everywhere. I personally stopped taking cryptocurrency subreddits seriously (for the most part). I'm just here for the LULZ.
@_date: 2018-02-03 13:29:11
UTC, GMT, CST, whatever. It gets confusing really fast. By the time I've calculated the correct time for my timezone I could have Googled it already about 5 times.
@_date: 2019-09-10 03:46:32
Interesting view you have here. I can really resonate with what you are saying but at the same time I see a lot of flaws in this logic, too.
First off, people do give a fuck what you think. I think that's a huge misconception of yours to not think so. I think many people just don't want to give a fuck while in reality they do.
Secondly, bumper stickers and other kind of advertisements is basically the foundation of marketing. Bumper stickers and other things people put in your face are encouraging other people to talk about it. Whether it is good or bad things but the main point is to spread awareness and I think that's a good thing.  I mean how do you want to change something if not by spreading awareness about the thing you want to change?
Thirdly, I think you take these things too seriously. Bumper stickers, tattoos, buttons and stamps can be a great foundation to start a conversation with someone. I mean you can look at it and get pissed because someone in your eyes is just seeking attention and validation but you can also look at it and see the shape of someones persona. If I see someone with a statement on something I disagree with I see it as an opportunity. An opportunity to approach him and trying to understand his point of view. Sometimes you learn. Sometimes you teach but the worst thing really that can happen is to agree in disagreement. 
Just don't get over emotional about your own ideologies and see it as an opportunity to learn instead of something to get angry over.
@_date: 2019-09-11 01:04:24
Honestly, I understand more about how Blockchains work than USD. 
The concept of the USD is so fucking abstract. Every year the government gets shut down and they discuss on what number to set the next limit on. They just print more of it and inflate the whole market. Meanwhile random Joe is happy about his 5% salary raise and doesn't even realize that his dollar is worth 5% less. It's all just numbers and it seems to me that they are just psychologically playing with the people.
I'm not American btw. I'm Swiss and every year we have a shitton of profits. It took me a while to realise that it's very uncommon for a country to have profit and I just don't understand in what world a country can just decide to raise an imaginary number to justify their expenses. Probably only because it's government controlled and they make the rules.
Tell me if I got something wrong, I'm an engineer in the first place and have no clue about money at all. This whole concept of FIAT money just seems abstract as fuck and doesn't make sense to me.
@_date: 2019-05-16 15:43:31
According to [the internet user statistics for Africa]( probably via internet.