@_author: _piratical_
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:40:13
Here’s my take on this: Coinbase is very much a bank, with the same reporting requirements of other US licensed banks (KYC requirements to be exact) but it is really more of an exchange, or as I like to see it, an on and off ramp for crypto. Right now institutions like Coinbase are needed as they allow people to buy digital currency. Later as mass adoption occurs they will likely play a lesser role, but for now they are a requirement. 
You can, and should, keep your assets elsewhere. You should own the keys to your coins no matter how many you have. I know Coinbase has a “vault” where you can store your coins, but they still hold the keys to that vault and can decide, at their discretion, if and when they will give you access. 
As for spying, I have seen no evidence that they gather any more information than any bank would not that they even get as much. Consider that your bank knows literally everyone that you buy from in the form or transaction advices that flow into your banking ledger. The difference with crypto is that addresses and transactions are encrypted. You never know, unless the information has been made explicitly public, who owns a particular account. Can they see the account? Sure but they likely don’t know where it is or who owns it. 
I use several exchanges for trading coins and I use coinbase and it’s pro trading exchange GDAX for going from fiat to crypto. I also keep all of my coins on other wallets. (I currently have about 7 different wallets that I test ease of use with) I also use offline storage like Trezor or nano. I’m not worried overly if I keep a few coins on an exchange, but I really like to have sole control of the keys so I don’t keep them there for long. 
IMHO, exchanges are a necessary inconvenience. They are here to stay and do bring some value. Don’t get to worried about it, but do look into offline wallets if you are thinking of holding long term. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 17:53:47
Thanks! I'm just now getting myself set up and testing wallets and funding systems, so this info is super helpful. I was going to set up an account on Gemini today as well as trying out a variety of wallets. Sounds like it's going to take some time, but it's worth it if there are lower fees. 
Do you know if Gemini mark up the costs of their coins? I noticed that there was a markup on the price I paid on my transaction on coinbase. It was actually non trivial. (At the time of the transaction the exchange rate was $2774, but they added 30 basis points for a total of $2804.) I don't know if all exchanges do that as part of their service fees or not. There was an additional fee added onto the coinbase transaction too. It seemed they were double dipping. 
As for Ethereum, I have a very small amount in a Jaxx wallet that I set up just to exchange BTC for ETH. Seems to work very well. I'll likely keep adding to that amount and offload to another offline wallet once I have enough there to make it a good idea. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 17:04:54
Sweet! Good to know. I'm falling down the rabbit hole into crypto currency right now, and it looks like a fascinating set of investments/technologies. I know there are other exchanges for USD out there. How do I determine which ones are best? Many folks use coinbase, but I've heard of several others. Are any better or worse that the others?
@_date: 2017-08-05 14:36:33
I have a question about this. I confirmed a trade for a single BTC via ACH on Coinbase yesterday and it marked the price with fees at 2880 and change. The ACH doesn't actually happen until my bank gets and fulfills the request. Does that mean I will end up paying the amount marked by the exchange or the current market price at the time of funding? The market maker already marked and submitted the ACH request. Would it even be legal to increase the price after the fact? 
Has anyone else had experience with this? 