@_author: _recoveringlurker
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:23:46
Look up what Magento is before you knock a language just because it's rampant with inexperienced developers. 
My guys were hired from Inc. 500 companies that have developed PHP platforms atop PHP as a language and the Zend framework that handle millions per year per site. 
This isn't me stroking my dick or getting butthurt, I am well aware PHP is script kiddie rampant and most people use it fresh out of w3schools.com with SQL injections galore, but don't just assume this is 100% every case. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:14:05
All of this is good advice and is being followed. As I mentioned my guys are MVC-hardened (everyone seems to miss that here), and though I didn't provide hosting details in my original post we are separating MySQL and Apache instances in our clusters, since the site we're building on already has astronomical volume. 
What I want to know is the gory detail about malleability, taxis honoring, etc. - someone else here in this subreddit mentioned a private key system that would circumvent the issue altogether, any feedback on such a method? 
Or anything to avoid the issues of exchanges recently (notably Gox) while making it as attractive as possible for use. Yes, we do have an API from the ground up and a plugin architecture - refer to my bit about hiring Magento veterans before knocking us. Inc. 500 experience on the table with it. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:37:39
Not to mention he probably doesn't even know the securities rules, AML/KYC rules, compliance to-dos, and how to get around the banking chill to do business in the US. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:24:20
It very well may be a good idea. Know any or where to recruit one?
@_date: 2014-04-10 06:11:44
Has anyone considered that many of the Bitcoin-related icons and branding items are trademarked by our old faithful friend Mark Karpeles? 
@_date: 2014-02-23 21:27:18
Options trading is definitely on the horizon. Maybe not Rev. 1 but I definitely want this. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:14:08
Here's how I see it: all currency is a neutral trade medium, some means of valuing time and materials. 
A plumbing company may bill $200 for a snaking job that took hours, while a lawyer would bill $1500 for the same amount of time spent building a case for a client. Different values for different skills and trade, mediated by currency - the USD in this case. 
But how is/was USD itself valued or "backed?" Well it used to be gold (the paper dollar was effectively a receipt for gold held in government reserves mainly in Ft. Knox) until the abandonment of the gold standard, when it just became a worthless debt instrument so the gold could bail us out. 
But Bitcoin? I see it as a currency backed by something - energy. It takes power to generate, store and retrieve BTC (sans cold storage for the store part only), and as power is valued in terms of USD by Kilowatt-hour conversion, that amount should be the par value of Bitcoins. 
In this theory of mine, the cryptography is like the gates of Ft. Knox by analogy - makes sure it's fair and balanced. 100% fool proof? Of course not, but it certainly helps by far and large. 
Now, just like shares of stock are never sold at a price that matches that exact unit of corporation ownership out of the total consolidated balance sheet's bottom line, there's always speculation and mark-ups. 
Since, like the stock markets we have exchanges to trade BTC with (interestingly the same currency traded like a commodity across multiple exchanges with differing prices), prices fluctuate between them based on speculation as a whole that effects volume (making all prices change at the same rate) as well as things like withdrawal latency that changes the per-exchange price. 
Example: for a while, BTC-E was a cheaper exchange price per BTC (USD) while Gox was on the higher end - largely due to how easy or fast it was to deposit/withdraw BTC/USD at that time, amid other factors like exchange commissions that prevent ideal arbitrage from syncing all the prices. 
It's an economist/CFA's porno. The tech is great, but theoretically so is communism on paper (Marx), while in practice it doesn't always pan out perfectly (Stalin). 
But I'm one of many interested in how this all unfolds in the end. Much of my opinion hangs in Washington subcommittees right now. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:03:48
Hi. I can shed light on this from my experience.
TL;DR give the bottom line as a focus. 
Background: engineer turned inventor turned businessman. I currently chair the holding company that owns the entities that people work for to improve/sell/account for my inventions and ventures and blah blah blah. 
But going from just another employed yahoo to a guy owning an enterprise involved meeting with many a billionaire bigwig and grant authors on many occasions. 
Here's the number one rule my mentors that shaped me to a business mindset passed along to me: the most important thing in any correspondence with the people on top is the first and last thing you say. I find myself guilty of this the more I delegated and still get comfortable in my current role. 
The "meat and potatoes" of your presentation matters, yes - but usually the guys on top who ultimately have the pull to get a check penned want the bottom line. 
Will it sell. Is there a market. How mature is it. Do you own any exclusive rights/IP to it. What's your budget. How much do you need from us. What's our proposed cut of the equity. Will my technical advisors say it checks out ultimately (engineers ALWAYS have suggestions but there's a bottom line to that too). Are my accountants going to find flaws in audits of the budgets and ongoing reports. Do you keep minutes or have experience in corporate culture to limit our liability. Know and expect these questions. 
Give them just enough rope - don't spend the whole time describing the nifty geometry one cog in the whole system uses, however novel it may be or proud of it you are for coming up with it. Abandon your ego - these guys have what you need, now intelligently explain to them why they need what you have in exchange. 
I could write a book on all the ins and outs - but the takeaway is this - businessmen love TL;DR. Seriously. 
Source: my above qualifications, having executed multiple 6 and 7-figure deals, highest to date being an 8-figure private grant hedged against private equity investments for a yacht deal using some of my IP. 
I write this from my office's private bathroom where I am pooping. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:36:19
State level, yes. But the big issues are at the federal level - that's where banking chilling effects are addressed, SEC/IRS/etc issues affecting US trade and exchanges, and much more. 
Gox resigning is huge because the weakest link as of late is gone - remember, the Bitcoin Foundation is our face and voice in Congress where the big decisions are made after all. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 07:45:47
I run a private equity holding company with 3 BofA accounts under its name in direct control. Subsidiaries use BofA, Wells Fargo, Chase, CUs etc. but that's outside of this scope as the only BTC-related activities they have are a small research team and trading platform development, none of which is public yet. Nothing raising bank ires with them.
But in regards to BofA business accounts and BTC/CoinBase - last year just before the November explosion I started hedging BTC using CoinBase and CampBX options, as well as other private trades. This is directly under the holding co., in an attempt to further grow revenue taken from subsidiary profits. It worked. 
The endpoint was almost always CoinBase so the gain could be evaluated and deposited into a dedicated BofA business account. All transactions going into the account are CoinBase, usually. 
Nothing unusual. No letters, warnings (PayPal is a different story...) or anything. They just manage my money and collect their fees every month. I would post my transaction history to prove it but...c'mon, who lies on the Internet? 
We registered with the SEC, told BofA we have some MSB stuff going on (they said hedge funds are fine), and no issues at all so far with the bank that holds the other major component of the biz (knock on wood).  
Now PayPal...I won't go into detail unless asked. But PayPal can go straight to the nineth circle of hell choking on its daddy's dick. 
TL;DR BofA is fine with CoinBase/BTC in business accounts with sizable transactions. Fuck PayPal. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 23:37:52
As a SC native heavily involved in BTC...I laughed. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 07:57:58
CoinBase is alright, in my eyes (see my prior comment here). They are Y-Combinator backed and analysis of their site's function from what we can see (API calls, SSL/TLS use, frontend code quality, OTP etc.) they seem pretty competent. 
In other words I don't expect to see news next week that they were hacked with passwords stored/transmitted plaintext, etc. 
Certainly more trustworthy than Chinese/Russian USD payment gateways going to Czech companies with offshore banks and arbitration clauses in EULAs. Foreign != scam always, but I'm very untrusting with those types just as I am with emails from mourning Nigerian princes. 
I've only read one "CoinBase account hacked, they told me to fuck off" thread ever. That guy used OTP with a Google Voice number used for SMS. I'm sorry but I can't feel sorry for someone like that or credit their story, you know?
TL;DR CoinBase has the _RecoveringLurker seal of approval, among other anonymous strangers. 
Oh - and I'm 100% un-affiliated with CoinBase, Y-combo, etc. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:26:45
It does in Apache and Lighttpd too. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:47:02
Comcast usually holds the top/bottom slot. 
Last time I called Comcast to bitch about them billing me for something I don't have, they retroactively credited me for everything and gave me free cable for a year. 
Comcast never ran off with millions (or let that image slide due to poor PR), or caused other markets to dip so bad (including TWC acq.)
Mt. Gox is worse than Comcast. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:56:12
In the event of an IRS audit, just sacrifice your anonymity (to the IRS) and show a full paper trail.
E.g. The money from your personal account to your EU account (online transaction history dates+amounts matching), ultimately showing where the buck stops with Gox. 
If you put Fiat into Gox, that might be easier since the paper trail of the SEPA transfer goes to a company that is known to have halted (but stay tuned?)
If you cashed to Bitcoin at another exchange...fuck. You may be sitting there not only showing addresses in the blockchain to them but also explaining how it all works, and even then they may have a hard time being convinced this was being used as an investment instrument and not to buy drugs off SR2 and claim a loss, as an educated example. 
I do all my investing through an entity with dedicated accounts that are already audited regularly, but if you're an individual/sole prop trying to do this yourself good luck my friend. Have a family lawyer and a good CPA (not preparer) on standby. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:31:43
Senate hearing representation and authority, WITH technical competence on the matter, for one. 
Bitcoin isn't just about the freedom and innovation - in the US alone, there has been a continuous legal framework and process since 1776. Not always 100% squeaky clean, but it affects us greatly - including those outside the US. 
Without giving a high school lesson here, the Foundation gives us a face to those that make the laws that impact what we do, Bitcoin or not. If congressmen knew as much about every detail about Bitcoin as they do securities laws, taxation, investor protection enacted since the original Ponzi scheme and Great Depression, etc. - then there'd be no need for this, as congressmen would be superhumans capable of knowing everything at once despite rapid change. 
But, as we know, this is not the case. In fact, recall "a series of tubes" - Congress. Bunch of old, mostly white guys deciding how we're governed en masse regularly. 
So the Foundation is our face to these powerful men who make and interpret these laws for us that the SEC, IRS, FBI, Secret Service etc. go by. They're competent in what it is (now that the Gox CEO fucked off finally) and, from what I've seen in the actual hearings, know how to lobby. 
They state their/our case clearly to them, bring up valid concerns (e.g. the chilling effect of banks closing accounts associated with BTC like Chase and PayPal/GE Capital Bank), and from what I saw, the congressmen and other treasury reps (FinCEN, FINRA, Secret Service) LISTENED and HONORED what they presented clearly and intelligently. 
We need them. Trust me, trust them - they're our face to the people who matter. 
Note: much of this was written with US bias, but the effect is Internet-wide too. 