@_author: -_scientia_-
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:41:17
I don't know if you're still answering these at all and if this would be your area of expertise, but I'm very new to the world of cryptocurrency, and I'm currently doing my research on both BTC and ETH before I buy. Cryptocurrency fascinates me as does the technology so I really want to research as much as I can. Recently I've seen tonnes of people who, without sounding elitist, are not the type of people who would give a damn about cryptocurrency under normal circumstances. They're posting all these 'Invest in Bitcoin and get rich!' on their social media (which is a red flag for me right there.)
One of my friends posted the following:
'Invest in Bitcoin! Message me for info!'
Free to register.
1% daily return.
20 millionaires since March 2017.
Not 1 single member has lost money.
$70 million cutting edge mining technology.
Forex option with 1.4% daily return.
Commission on referrals.
I'm 100% sure it's some kind of scam, but my friends are spamming how much BTC has increased, how they much money they're going to make, how easy it is etc. So much so my mother is now wanting to invest in it. It's £50 to invest supposedly, but I am highly sceptical. I imagine that this 'investing' is the company who offer this amazing 'deal' using people's money to buy a few BTC and then sell it at the right time for maximum profit and then split it all, once they take a large cut. Failing that I imagine it's an investment into Bitcoin mining somehow.
Am I off base here? My friend is adamant that no, they'll make thousands on it which is just not realistic in my opinion. One of those 'too good to be true' scenarios that is praying on people who know nothing of how Bitcoin works.
When buying BTC or ETH I'm prepared for large losses as much as potential gains and have the funds stored and have ensured that if I did take a big loss, it would not end up putting me into financial difficulty, but someone like my mother would not be, especially not on one of these schemes. Do you happen to know what these 'invest in BTC' offers are and how they work? My own curiosity is getting the better of me in the sense of wanting to know how they work (Not to invest. Hell no!) but there's nothing online about it that I can find.
Obviously if I'm wrong then my bad, but it seems way too good to be true in my opinion and that it's praying on naive people like my friends and my mother, who thinks the internet is safe and that no one would scam people. -_-