@_author: _xatian_
@_date: 2014-08-22 12:35:42
Read/Watch this for a reason why it wouldn't work.
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:41:58
What you think is true --&gt; Core is not in control since all Bitcoin users may choose which node they want to run. On the same hand miners _should_ not be in control since their job is to mine (validate) the chain the users choose. This is why they get payed in the first place ... for doing crucial maintenance-work. Their job is _not_ to dictate policy.
Its like if your Plumber tries to decide what furniture you get in your kitchen.
You can see that this is whats happening by looking at the node-count of the network.
The number of BU-nodes is small compared to Core because this is where users of the network can express their voice.
You and Me ... we can run any node we want and express our voice.
On the other hand we can not run a high-end miner since the cooperation that sell them selects to whom they sell to. And even if this was no problem ... not everyone can afford the hardware or the cost to run the miner --&gt; which is why miners should not be able to dictate policy.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:20:41
I think I answered your very question with the first sentence.
With the remaining words I tried to convey that BU vs. Core is actually not the reason for the current drama (or at least it should not be). No matter which development-entity "leads" the path it should be up to the users to follow or reject it ... it should not be up to the miners.
Sooo ... no matter if you think BU is better than Core or the other way around ... the way the network is "switched" is wrong.
And regarding Bitmain:
As I said it is irrelevant if they sell hardware to everyone or not since participating in mining has a pretty high price-tag attached which not everyone can afford. A democracy (in principal) works by _everyone_ having a voice when the next election is due ... not just the ones that can afford to buy and run mining-hardware. Don't you agree on that?
Added just for reference:
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:50:16
The technical part you talked about is wrong. LN doesn't need a constant network connection to be active ... and that is the problem.
I really don't want to sound rude but you should read more about the technical stuff before you form an opinion. You know ... it is good when people argue about Bitcoin but it adds nothing if people who don't understand how it works argue about Bitcoin. Again ... I don't want to sound rude and I invite you to read these two excellent articles to start your journey:
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:30:05
Why would I use Carol if we got a direct link? That does not make any sense!
Please don't tell me that we have to use a third party since LN is designed that way ... this would be again wrong and I would kindly ask you again to educate yourself :-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:17:58
What is the difference between subscription fees and transaction fees? Are you saying subscription fees are inherently bad? I don't get it.
If the system is malicious both is bad ... if it is not both act as a way to keep the system alive.
@_date: 2017-08-02 16:21:37
Fixed it ... :-))
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:43:28


If you don't know the answer to this question how can you speak against LN? I truly don't understand that ...
Regarding your second point ...
You can never be sure about the true intentions of any act from anyone. But that is why you always judge the result and not the intention. So you should argue about what this company is doing and not why they are doing it since that is pointless.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:16:31
But did you think about the consequences of this tiny change you proposing?
So yes ... maybe my analogy was flawed but my point is that the easy fix is not always the best ... even if it sounds right.
You scale something by improving the foundation and not by pushing the system to it's limits.
@_date: 2017-08-02 08:10:54


This is true for opinions but not for facts. If you don't know the difference this is the first result of a google-search I found:
Now read the blog-post again and see what you find. I help you: It's all easily verifiable information so the basis for facts is there. If everything is indeed true I can not say since I didn't check all of it but ... it _is_ easily checkable and therefore they would be called out immediately if it was indeed a lie. For example they claimed they have no patents on Segwit. (something I don't know if true or not). If you want to call bullshit on that I urge you to go and produce evidence to the contrary ... it should be easy to find some if there were any.
Instead look what you did --&gt; you tained the blog-post as "maybe" untrue without any evidence whatsoever!
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:14:29
This is again wrong.
If I make a Lightning-channel with WallMart I can send them Bitcoin whenever I want. If I do want to make a weekly plan I have to send them Bitcoin every week signing the transaction with my private key ... just like you would do by using Bitcoin directly. You cannot do automatic subscriptions with Bitcoin since you need to manually authorise every transaction if you want to stay in control of your wallet ... that is also true with Lightning.
Any party can terminate the channel gracefully at any time in which case the last balance of both parties is immediately available via the Bitcoin blockchain.
I tell you what ... If you are truly interested please read the articles I linked you and educate yourself about this topic. If you do you will sleep better because everything you FUD about is wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:27:05
You can not compare the Internet to Bitcoin in this way.
Can you host a website with some pictures and maybe HTML5-video on your notebook with an acceptable performance so that the world may access it? I guess not even though the technology improved greatly ... but that is not a problem for the Internet since you can use a centralized datacenter and buy the computer-power for very cheep.
But guess what ... in Bitcoin this is not possible since everyone should be able to run a node. If you steadily increase the load on the network you centralize it which actually takes away the only real beneficial property Bitcoin has.
@_date: 2017-08-26 11:47:56
Please point me to the line number in the source code where this restriction is written.
If you can't show me you are basically saying that miners can be "trusted" that they don't include zero fee tx. The same miners who are currently gaming the system and inflating your currency. Bravo!
@_date: 2017-08-26 06:33:43
That is the first reasonable thing you said :-)
But still ... if you really care you should be interested in the truth so if someone tells you that you got the facts wrong it is your job to educate yourself. At least I would do that ...
You don't get bonus points for sticking to a wrong opinion ... arguing is about improving oneself / learning something and not about "wining".
So again ... I know what you say is false since I actually read the articles I sent you, I actually read the white paper and I even looked at some code!
Have you?
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:37:10
If everyone could fly we wouldn't pollute this world with all the cars on the road...
Nice ... I support giving every person the ability to fly! Problem solved.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:51:52


Why is someone using Bitcoin if the US-Doller is supported by every merchant, by every bank and every person in America?
Well because it is superior and because we have a choice. Since we will continue to have a choice no-one can force you to use something inferior and therefore if Lightning sucks you can use something else and Lightning will fade away.
If you argue that at this point LN will be too big ... watch what will happen to the USD in the next few years.
@_date: 2017-08-02 16:24:47
Refixed it ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:31:54
Regarding your comparison to tcp/ip. Imho it took a long time before tcp/ip became the unchangeable default for all internet-communication. In the early days it changed a _lot_ since the first version of basically anything is usually not the best. Therefore I think being against any change categorically is not the best stance especially in the field you thread in. If you think otherwise ... well ... I don't know what to say :-)
If on the other hand you don't like Segwit specifically I would ask you why ... but I actually don't care about the specific answer because it can either be based on science _or_ FUD.
If it's FUD because you heard somewhere it is bad, destroys Bitcoin and therefor you fear for your wealth or your future ... again ... I don't know what to say.
If your stance comes from a technical perspective my advice would be not to argue on reddit but with the technicians that "design" Bitcoin or write the code yourself. Because you know ... if you got the technical understanding to form a technical opinion against Segwit it is not that hard to get attention from other technical people.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:54:00
My point is that of course bigger blocks would solve all problems but the easy solutions are not always possible ... because the thing called reality.
@_date: 2017-08-26 07:33:57
Look ... I know your argument sounds compelling but it actually is not since you forget that scaling something bigger also adds more use-cases.
Just for one moment forget about Bitcoin the currency (with which you can buy your cup of coffee) and think about Bitcoin the worldwide-distributed, 100% uptime and immutable database where you can store (immortalise) arbitrary data up to the block-size every 10minutes.
And now think about Google ... they have their own worldwide-distributed and &lt;100% uptime network of servers which costs them a lot of money. Think about all other cloud-providers and their servers, their data and their operational price-tags.
Don't you think they all would love to use Bitcoin to store data? Just pay a few cents and make their data accessible around the world 24/7 forever without paying anything monthly? Don't you think demand for this kind of storage is actually limitless and is worth a lot to a lot of people and companies? The transactions created by these companies compete directly with your transaction paying for coffee or sending money to your friends.
Sooo ... by increasing the block-size you invite these use-cases which directly compete with the ability of Bitcoin to do what it is supposed to do since market-pressure favours big centralized companies instead of your small payment for coffee.
I could go on and on since there are some many more arguments against just increasing the block size. It should be obvious that a system where every node has to do all the work can not scale ... but that is not a problem. It can act as a base-layer for other higher level stuff that might actually scale and can use the properties of the blockchain to work.
Edit: resurrected another wall of text I wrote in the past ... maybe you can tell me where I am wrong?
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:12:50
You couldn't read and understand everything in 5minutes :-)
Carol is the same as Alice and Bob ... just a common "person" using the LN. In fact Carol is used by Alice and Bob so that they don't have to open a channel between them if they are already indirectly connected via Carol. Without the possibility to send transactions indirectly with multiple hops the network would not work ... just as the internet uses multiple routers around the world to connect us all. You know ... we can talk without having a direct line between us.
Again ... I humbly suggest you inform yourself before you form an opinion and state what is wrong with the system. Bitcoin is not voodoo ... to talk about it you have to know how it actually works.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:51:38
Because it does not scale since every node in the network has to verify every single transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:29:18
The whole point of lightning is to transact off chain and Bitcoin serving as judge if there is a dispute ... so I don't see your point.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:24:46
That is just wrong in every way!
@_date: 2017-08-26 10:52:18
Well my example was extreme I know but for every MB you add to the blockchain more use-cases like that will open up. For example right now I could start to store my music-collection on BCH. About a song every minute for absolutely no fees whatsoever. The only reason I am not doing it is because I believe BCH will be shut down eventually so all the "work" would be for nothing. If (and I stress if) BCH would become the dominant chain and people would put the same trust in it all sorts of people would start to store stuff on this blockchain and then the blocks are immediately full again. If in turn the block-size is increased again it would be possible to store small videos on it (youtube?) every time pricing out your coffee-transaction.
So my point is ... the fees need to be high enough so that it is not economically feasible to store such stuff on the blockchain since it would directly compete with day to day transactions. You do that by making actual transactions smaller which is what schnorr does or what lightning does as it enables to do a huge number of transactions with just a handful of on-chain transactions. If that is all in place and the hardware is good enough to not destroy decentralisation the block size can be increased further exponentially amplifying all the other stuff that has already been implemented (like schnorr/lightning)
Regarding your second point. I never argued that I consider anything as spam. Dice is not spam since Bitcoin allowed it to operate the way it did. Just like miners are gaming BCH right now. Are they to blame? No ... its the system that is broken that encourages them to do it. The same is true with wall street bankers and the whole economy in general. The incentives promote bad behaviour so the incentives are to blame and not the resulting behaviour.
If you increase the general purpose block space whenever it is full the incentives are for everyone to consume as much as possible leading to a lazy implementation of e.g. dice and therefore full blocks all the time no matter how large the block size is. By limiting that which is scarce in reality (blockspace has physical limits) you incentivise people to treat this resource responsibly ... just like the way dice changed to produce less transactions.
There _are_ physical limits to the block size so you should start to thread it as such.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:48:00
Nothing you say makes sense :-)


Someone will and if not the transaction will fail. Meaning that my coins are still in my account and the merchant has not received the money. This fact is noticed and can be verified by me and the merchant almost immediately. It is like when you click "pay now" on Amazon and the request times out. Well ... yeah shit happens but then you just have to hit F5.


How do you hijack "my connection" if you just disconnected me?? That does not make any sense. And again ... I already told you there is no such thing as a network-connection that you can hijack. The thing you call "connection" is a multi-signature wallet where both Alice and Bob have a key. If someone can hijack a multisig wallet without stealing a key Bitcoin has a big problem. If Bob (the other party) looses the private key to the attacker I can withdraw my Bitcoin with some delay so the only thing a attacker can do is waste my time. Duh ...


Nope ... An exchange controls the private key for you. You have to trust the exchange. In LN you have to trust no-one since you hold the private key.
@_date: 2017-08-07 10:44:25
Average people also used to not care what the NSA does or what the FED does. That does not make it the correct behaviour!
But I would like to ask what in your opinion the average user cares about? 
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:23:25
If nobody wanted segwit yes ... it would be like an attack on Bitcoin and now that it will be activated Bitcoin would have failed.
But segwit is no attack and I don't get why people say that. It's a patch that fixes bugs in the protocol. How can that be bad?
@_date: 2017-08-02 15:49:29
This is the sad part ... he was just used to stall some more for ASIC-boost to continue. As soon as it was clear that USAF will be a success a new coin was created to continue their operations...
But here comes the saddest part --&gt; he showed unbelievable arrogance and technical incompetence (didn't even manage to increase the block size without the help of core, did not understand how Segwit works, issues on github got prematurely closed, ...) and to this day still doesn't realise he has been played.
That's pathetic!
@_date: 2017-08-26 11:24:25
Fees could be zero since the blocks are empty. If stupid people pay to be included in the next empty block it's their fault.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:34:41
I understand and I would like the same thing ... but again ... just because you want something doesn't make it possible. Bitcoin with just bigger blocks will never act as cash since the price for redundant storage space available 24/7 distributed around the globe will always be more expensive than what you would be willing to pay for your coffee-transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:22:21
Well ... than why waste your time with Bitcoin if VISA has everything you want?
@_date: 2017-08-04 22:52:58
Well ... no.
1.) Bitcoin is designed to work in an hostile environment where it is attacked around the clock from all sides and angles ... even from within. So if it can't withstand an argument between a few people on an online forum is has imho already failed!
I don't like to sound as if I liked the state the community is in lately --&gt; where some lunatics go and run a subreddit just to bash Bitcoin in the name of saving it or a clearly drunk not-satoshi who goes on stage lying and telling everyone to fuck off _still_ in the name of saving Bitcoin.
You know ... this is clearly not the best situation to be in but ... Bitcoin handles it like a pro.
So no. No-one _has_ to work together ... it would be nice but it is clearly not the case and it is not mandatory!
2.) I never understood why miners believe that they are in a special position of power?! I don't want to be disrespectful but in my mind you are like janitors. You clean up the place and keep the party running for which you get _paid_ ... like a ... well ... janitor. Would you ever ask your janitor where to conduct the next party, what music to play or what kind of beer to buy?
Hell no! You were never invited to the party ... you are here because you willingly offered your services for money.
Now in Bitcoin you can be a miner and a user so you got a say like everybody else ... but that is where your reach ends. And yes ... again ... it would be nice if miners did what is in the best interest of Bitcoin but ... again ... that is clearly not the case and not mandatory for Bitcoins success.
(For the record I think that most miners have good intentions but sadly the one(s) with the most hash power do(es) not which shines a bad light on all of you)
@_date: 2017-11-08 09:06:57
I wouldn't call it hateful.
He does not understand Bitcoin yet speaks and acts as if he is a master in this topic. He doesn't have to act this way ... nobody forces him to do it but yet he still does. If he then fails miserably (which always happen if you don't know what you are doing) its funny and humiliating even without someone being hateful.
@_date: 2018-03-07 12:11:57
I am afraid you have it backwards.
If everyone has access to a piece of Software it is hard to sell since you can't differentiate yourself from your competitor. Therefore the profit-margin goes down and you need to think of something innovative to not go broke.
The only thing patents are doing is waste time and energy since everyone is working to solve the same problems ... therefore stifling innovation.
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:18:54
Nevertheless you should follow (trust if you will) the ones that are the altruistic part of the system ... not the ones that are only there for their self interest.
I never argued that mister voorhees should be hanged by the neck. He was (still is if he chooses to) a vital part of the system, I personally am thankful for his contributions but now he has played his role ... time to move on.
@_date: 2017-09-28 06:57:10
Basically it comes down to this:
You have this guy and people like him:
A developer who seeks to improve a system he cares about. There is no profit gained by it ... just the betterment of oneself and the community.
On the other hand you have mister voorhees:
A businessman who seeks profits above all else by not doing his part (implementing segwit since August 1.) but instead want to network to do the work for him (increase the blocksize).
Take your pick.
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:24:57
You are correct but I never said that greed has no place in Bitcoin.
My point was that if you have to pick a side you should pick the one that is aligned with what you want and not with the businessman who looks just for more profit without work.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:43:08
I totally agree with you but still --&gt;
You supporting the greedy people does not make you richer since they care to increase their wealth and not yours. On the other hand (as you said) elite software developer care about their work to improve the system which is good for you as a user. See the difference?
I never argued that greed is bad for Bitcoin since I agree that it is a vital part of the system. I tried to argued which side is generally the healthier side to choose from a users perspective :-)
@_date: 2017-09-30 18:55:03


Why do you believe that? I think this assumption is completely false. Greed will never act in your interest since the very definition of greed is to act in a way to enrich oneself not caring about you in the process and completely screwing you if given the chance.
If possible a miner won't think twice about stealing your Bitcoin. Your coins would be gone with the very next block. What stops the miner? Properly aligned incentives? Come on ... what stops them is your power to control your Bitcoin. This power is given to you by math (read science) which is incorruptible and therefore acts as a neutral party that you can trust. This is the only reason why Bitcoin works and has value.
So no ... greed is not a good thing that will magically act in your interest because ... well ... Bitcoin. Greedy people are as bad as in the old world but here they have no power unless you ignore and laugh about them thinking everything will be fine because incentives. Then you loose even with the odds stacked in your favour.
@_date: 2017-06-18 15:26:41
Measuring the progress of the network by one shitty parameter (block size) is like measuring your integrity as a human being by the shit you just wrote --&gt; wouldn't bode well for you either.