@_author: a_curious_doge
@_date: 2016-08-04 13:44:54
wait, in this thread are we complaining that the corporate institution is preventing us from saving our hard-earned money?
or is this the one where we complain that the interest rate is just a made up number inflating made up quantities (because dollars are a zero-sum game of course)
@_date: 2015-12-14 16:59:49
wat?  they all have unique serial numbers.  o_o
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:03:14
What?  I'm perfectly lightened up; I'm smoking a bit of pot and poking around reddit, as I was earlier today, but that doesn't preclude me from correcting a woefully misused phrase.  ;)
@_date: 2014-05-02 22:33:37
It sure is lucky that everyone asks academics about these things, not you.
@_date: 2014-12-17 01:16:39
tell me son, is your life hard?
@_date: 2014-05-23 22:30:41
The data suggests otherwise: most Dogecoin traffic is in CNY, retard.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:37:04
You can own air.  Watch me put some in a box and charge you for exclusive rights to it.
The reason that you can't own all the air is because it's nonrival and nonexcludable.  That's the point of these definitions.  :)
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:26:12
Money is a means to ends, my friend, and methinks you've lost sight of that.
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:09:23
Honestly, if you're interested in an economic response to this, I can offer one.  It hinges on what seems to be to be a misinterpration of monetary theory:


What I think you may have missed is the point that monetary policy is actually supposed to accomplish essentially increased "innovation and ease of starting a business."  The free-market economist and the monetarist agree on two things: profits drive innovation.  Interest rates drive capital access.
The advocate of monetary policy argues that we can increase the potential profit and capital access during times of recession by influencing not WEALTH (no monetary policy means to create wealth) but literally influencing the potential for profits and the access to wealth in any given economy by increasing or decreasing the free-floating money.
We may have an economy made from a thousand dollars, but people are saving 950 of them under their mattresses; essentially this economy is composed of 1000 units of wealth but only 50 units of money.
The Federal Reserve Open Market Operations try to adjust not the amount of wealth in an economy but instead the amount of units of money. By trading wealth (here's a bond, give me some of that money under your mattress), they can adjust the pool of "economied money" without adjusting "wealth."  The various interest rate manipulations adjust the propensity of people to undertake risk.  Low interest rates equates to increased incentive to start a business.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:23:22
So... what you're saying is that they spend money on distributing condoms...  Indirectly.
Wow, you totally radically and entirely changed my WHOLE OUTLOOK ON INDIRECT PHILANTHROPY.  Now I know it's immoral because government.
Thanks @_date: 2014-04-14 04:40:32
No, they literally have no authority to print money.  How many times can I explain these deliberate words without your understanding them?  THE TREASURY DECIDES TO, or NOT TO, PRINTS MONEY.  Here, I'll link you to a BUNCH of sources.
Seriously.  Do you need more?  I never claimed they didn't buy toxic assets (this is a fucking free market open operation by definition), I never claimed that Greenspan didn't strongarm anyone (to perform OPEN MARKET OPERATIONS in certain ways).  You need to stop for a moment and evaluate the rationale for your entire line of reasoning, because it's teleological; it is *ad hoc.*
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:38:39
Functionally, so is namecoin's into 2 parts.  Myriadcoin accomplishes literally nothing else.
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:49:17
I'm pretty sure that the strict definition of idiocy has absolutely nothing to do with literacy.  Perhaps you're so idiotic that you confused "idiotic" and "illiterate?"
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:35:40
A Bitcoin wrapper...?
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:21:54
So you're going to talk up how you understand the meaning of liberalism after you literally just accused me of being a liberal in a democratic-pejorative sense?
Yeah, okay.  Something tells me you spent a little time on Wikipedia in the interim between our posts.  Please, though-- tell me about how West European socialism has turned to fascism?  Hahahahaha, dude, you need to put down the Ayn Rand.  That's the sort of reinterpretation of history that I'm accusing you of.
The fact is that socialism has been a widely effective governmental system for almost a hundred years now.  The United States of America is a failed socialist state (not at its inception but through political action in the first part of the 1900s), essentially hijacked by private business interests made possible by worship of the "invisible hand."
Your libertarian nonsense (and note: I read no anti-libertarian blogs, I need no more reasons to dislike libertarianism) really is nothing more than an irony-laden three-dimensional depiction of the classic counterculture insult: "corporate tool."
P.S. would you like some education about the differences between "communism" and "socialism?"  Much like all flannel-wearing blue-collar individuals, you seem to grossly conflate the two.
@_date: 2014-09-07 16:58:29
Dude you're fucking retarded.  You don't even know what I'm talking about, why are you arguing with me?
The link you just posted is an analysis of how long it takes to brute force 1 collision of a SHA256 hash.
What I'm talking about is a way to subvert the need to brute-force collisions, which enables to you to break an encryption schema (and find a collision) without doing the computational work normally required to find one.
The thing about theories, you fucking aspie, is that you have to understand them before you go around talking about it-- or else you look like a fucking aspie.
The way that I know you're talking out of your basement-bound butt is that the information I've presented to you is well known amongst actual cryptographers, computer science folks, mathematicians, et cetera.
@_date: 2014-12-17 00:58:03
You don't understand.  Let me give you an example that ends with a Socratic question:
I make a sculpture.  Any number of people can view it at once, but I lock it up in a room (let's call this the "gallery.")  To enter the "gallery" you have to pay the toll, and if you don't pay, I don't let you in.  No one is allowed to take pictures inside either.
Now imagine I only ever let one person into the room.  Does that imply that the good I created (**the sculpture itself**) is perfectly rival because only one person ever consumed it at a time?
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:42:35
The real problem is security.  Without the same sort of cryptographic security that bitcoin has (which is incredibly hard to achieve, honestly, due to the way you have to compete with miners), it would present a point of attack.  You hijack the wrapper, you own the coins of anyone using it for at least a little bit; that means that a correctly-timed attack could be worth billions.
That said, if something like that could be built into the reference client... That'd be a hardfork though, so I dunno.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:08:51


Rival.  This is the definition of rivalry.  Not exclusion.
@_date: 2014-08-01 05:17:22
You mean the beta testers...
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:39:53
You know Libertarians aren't generally against monopolies, right?  I understand what you believe you were stating, but the actual libertarian position (by which I mean that the position to which ANY libertarian is committed) is something more like:
"I am against monopolies created by law or regulation."
On the other hand, you have no problem with other kinds of monopolies, like geographic monopolies or natural monopolies or patented monopolies.
For example, as a libertarian, it is absolutely exceedingly silly to take the position "We should forcibly break up the Bell telephone company; through investing large sums of capital, they've gained a monopoly on the telephone industry they created."
... and before you appeal to your use of "generally," please note that almost all monopolies rise out of a geographic, innovative, or natural means.  Very rarely is competition prevented by anything other than one of these factors, which a libertarian must accept "laissez-faire."
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:29:35
This is true in some respects but you cannot have multiples of the same ip address.  You can only host multiple devices using the same one.
Like physical addresses.  You can't double up on owning the same piece of land (only one person or one group can "own" it), but many people can use it at the same time.
@_date: 2014-05-24 03:39:45
So you truly are retarded: you believe that the interested in Cryptocurrency as a whole, from traders, is motivated by... what?
Altruism?  Technocuriosity?
Not the potential for profit, certainly.
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:43:52
Your username makes me believe you have no ulterior motives.  That is the first thing I concluded from your username.
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:27:48
With gold and silver.  Right.
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:42:40
Yeah, but ten employees (which the foundation CERTAINLY has) at 50k a year (a paltry wage) would be nearly half of that.
Consider for a moment the fact that they have 10+ employees, some of which are surely earning 200k+ a year (competitive wages).
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:53:11
No, you don't agree if you believe that.
None of that is important.  Bitcoin is theoretically important because there has never been a virtual private good before it.  That is the only reason.  You can do all sorts of things with private goods and it has nothing to do with their market price (for example you can bargain with them and everyone can pay an individuated cost).
@_date: 2014-06-16 18:13:44
Eh.  Sorry dude, I don't think you've in any way addressed my concern.  By the same rationale, human medical experiments can not be "controlled."  You're conflating the definition of "control" in a scientific sense with the definition of "control" in common English.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:22:25
Yeah, you didn't lose your coins.  No worries bro, they're in a change address from the last spend you made.  My hypothesis is that you are using an out-dated version of the client or of your own wallet.dat file.
@_date: 2014-06-03 02:52:36
That's not the right way to look at it.  It's about incentives, dude-- if there's one thing I've absorbed from studying economics for 5+ years, it's that.
Think about it instead like this: let the customer pay for, and consume, the content that is made available for payment.  Imagine the power of HBO if you could subscribe to individual shows and get a better quality stream than what torrents can offer.  (Of course their business model prohibits this exact suggestion, but never you mind that.  Business models are fluid.)
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:14:47
I think you mean "complacent," unless you meant to say that they're inclined to being overly pleasant.
@_date: 2014-03-16 10:32:13
No, not at all.  I'm not sure you understand the accusations in play-- essentially the idea is that the balances listed in the Mt. Gox database are arbitrary [meaningless], M.K. was running a fractional reserve [didn't have all the coins that totaled the sum of all account balances], and kept the site from reflecting true balances.
With that in mind, setting your "daily limit" is completely meaningless.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:18:24
And you don't understand what I've been saying this whole time.  Why would you suggest one way it might be done, when 95% of what **bitcoin itself is** is a different method for the very thing you describe?
There's a reason they used to talk about "votes" and "shares" instead of "coins."  It's because the way that the **WHOLE** network works is an elaborate voting system, which votes on who has which coins.
If 51% of the network votes that I don't have any bitcoin, then I do not have any bitcoin.  This is mediated by hashpower.  Why would you suggest we redefine the very system that bitcoin is, but use coin holding as the metric instead of the very thing that secures the entire blockchain already?
Like... I realize you're suggesting that we do this so that we could, for example, reverse the Mt. Gox theft.  That's already perfectly possible.  You just need to mine out a competing block chain that doesn't have the Mt. Gox theft transactions, and then tell everyone using bitcoin that they should build on your chain.  It's perfectly, 100% possible with no modification to the code at all.
The reason that will never work is that bitcoin is a trustless currency, designed as such, so that no one ever needs to trust you to provide a new chain.  If coins were stolen, they're stolen.
@_date: 2014-12-16 22:01:05
Oh yes I forgot that air isn't used as a classical example of a public good.
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:09:04
I've considered the hubris angle, but it's completely incompatible with the idea that he anonymized his other transactions intentionally and methodically.
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:48:19


Lolmate, you're not Ayn Rand.  You should also stop reading Ayn Rand, because she was a colossal retard too, just like you, and that can't be good for your mental health to multiply retardation.
You imagine that people who are "unconcerned" about the NSA's involvement in Bitcoin are living under some veil of propaganda, but the fact is that the most rational among us see exactly what the NSA is, and don't try to spend our time convincing others that they're sheeple.
Why?  Because if the NSA operates like you think they do, then they've already won, and there's hardly a point.  Do you honestly think that "That's it. It's simple. Say "I don't agree with authoritarian behavior" when it's pointed out. You don't have to march or hand out flyers or make a tinfoil hat?"
You fucking retard, the government doesn't give two shits what you say or agree with, and they don't need Redditors to spread propaganda for them.
@_date: 2014-05-25 08:21:25
Says the guy who bought bitcoin at 1200.
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:47:53
Did you just invoke land-ownership laws that regulated voting as support of your argument?  Holy crap dude.
The point is that in a system that explicitly equates money-holding to vote-holding, it's not just that the powerful control votes (which as you noted is the case regardless).  It's that suddenly, you've eliminated a whole ton of votes that might have swayed the results.
For example: black people who can't own land, women who can't own land, poor people who can't own land, immigrants who can't own land, et cetera, I can go on.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:17:12
Except for the fact that you can MINE YOUR OWN TRANSACTIONS dumbfuck.
@_date: 2014-03-13 05:25:40
There's also an issue of economic efficiency at hand.  Strictly speaking Bitcoin saves costs all around (there's no one that has to pay for all the work involved with maintaining a CC system-- or at least, that cost is distributed evenly) and technically makes everyone using it a little bit richer (rightward shift of both supply and demand curves in the face of reduced inefficiency).
I think the most appealing reason to adopt BTC is that it functions as a global unit of exchange.  USD does in a similar way, but it's not suitable to actual international exchange in the same way that bitcoin is.  You can mail it or credit it across an ocean, but with bitcoin, there's no need for that sort of thing.  More importantly, there's a lot of reasons that other people may not want to hold on to USD (if you think the U.S. is worse off than your home country, for example), so having something everyone wants to use would be nice.
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:05:59


A presumably truer statement never written.  Viva la status quo.
@_date: 2014-05-16 07:31:23
Didn't you catch the part where I said that they'll probably invest it?
Why sell it all when you can just hold on to both the cash and the bitcoin...?
@_date: 2014-12-16 22:00:09
It doesn't matter that you sold it once, you could sell it as many times as you like.  This makes it nonrival.  Moreover it's nonexcludable because you can't change who uses it once you sell it, unless you change the password, but if the password is the good then all you did was destroy the value of a previous good and create a new one.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:50:27
No, a share of a stock is not rivalrous.  You can split stocks, they can mint more at an arbitrary rate.  They simply have a contract not to sometimes.  It's also not virtual because it denotes a real good: the company itself.  You own a share of its profitability and success, you don't actually own a stock.  Bitcoin denotes nothing.  It is the good.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:41:13
You can consider the economy in aggregate the same way you consider an organism in aggregate: fundamentally interoperative and complex, but IN PRINCIPLE, "deterministic" (As a philosopher/economist, I do not mean to imply philospohical determinism but pseudo-determinism of the scientific variety).
You have two choices: deny, in principle, that economies can be understood; or accuse economics of simply "not being there yet."  The "body counterexample" to Austrian theory is sound in that it presents an obvious truth: medication can be delivered without full understanding of the system.  Are there unintended consequences?  Yes.  For a long time, people drank mercury to try to attain immortality and this was considered "medicine."  Then we gave people lobotomies and called them "medicine."  Eventually we find out that some things work, though: aspirin has some pretty reliable effects.
Why, in principle, can the economy not work the same way?  We have way more understanding about what&amp;why&amp;how&amp;when economic players operate than we do about individual cells.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:20:24
Right, you've gone ahead and proven my point.  Bitcoin is easy, but it is not accessible, because in order for it to be easy you have to have a suite of related talents.
People don't generally have that set of talents.  Those people without those talents are the core target demographic to make bitcoin an international phenomenon.
That's a problem, and avoiding all centralized solutions may not solve it.  (For example, Coinbase is a centralized service, and for this reason it can effectively provide the off-blockchain services that it does.)
@_date: 2014-03-13 22:41:40
I'm not a liberal.  You're a liberal.    It's the mark of the uneducated to throw around the word "liberal" in the way that you just used it.
I am in fact a socialist.  None of the intentions you just ascribed to me are correct-- nor are any of the... forgive my violation of Godwin's Law here... but nor are any of the nigh on Hitlerian reinterpretations of history that you just invoked.
You only validated the context that I presented that quote in-- a direct and affirmative endorsement of Italian fascism.  Mises was, in fact, a Fascist supporter in that case.  There is no wordplay in which you can engage that will change that truth statement.
"Mises supported the Italian Fascist movement over the alternatives."  Please, show me a truth table that doesn't validate that quote.  You can say that the "over the alternatives" part is his saving grace, but that's laughable.  It's like me saying "I support Obama; he's better than Mitt Romney."  A moral individual condemns that worthy of condemnation.
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:43:36
Ummmmmmmmmmm.  You realize that no true anonymity is possible with bitcoin, right?  As in, every transaction ever is preserved for all eternity, and any coins' movement can be 100% tracked with enough computational effort?  If that's not fingerprints, then you're retarded.  Wait, no, you're retarded.  I just meant you're retarded.
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:07:10
Yeah, insurance companies don't make money because of fiat currency.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:08:35
There is no inconsistency, isn't that obvious?  The reason that wars happen, the reason that you can hide your money in Switzerland... That's because there's no "supra-national government" that has a law monopoly.  What I'm saying is that there basically is, in effect, no international law.  This is because there is no law at that level.... because there is no monopoly.  Exactly like I said.  The reason that we have laws, for better or worse, is because the U.S. government "monopolizes" the right to create and enforce them.
The real problem in your reasoning is your conflation of the idea "government" and the actual nature of a "government."  You claim that individuals acting together of their own accord (private, voluntary cooperation) is the ideal-- yet in essence, that is what the government is.  Much like the internet is a vast network of communicating nodes, a government is a vast network of people who agree to live by consensus.  You may pretend that it's not consensual, but no one stops you from leaving the nation, and you still telephone the tax-funded EMTs when your leg breaks.  There is a consensus there even if you think it tastes bad.
A government is made out of people, it does not take on a life of its own.  It seems like it might, but that's only because we humans have a tendency to treat things that aren't entities (like chairs, apples, and governments) like they actually were self-actualized entities.
When you complain about government over-reach, you're merely complaining about people's tendency to over-reach their authority (in this case, authority willingly granted to them by people in a nation).  Let's pretend (and assume it's possible) that we set up a system where they simply can't do that.
Do you see now why there are some people who insist that government has a place?
@_date: 2014-06-18 16:49:41
Shoot me your email address or private messenger username in a Reddit message.
@_date: 2014-12-28 09:19:38


But via the action of merkel trees, is it not the case that the hashing of the header does indeed "verify everything?"  (Honest question, that was my understanding.) Anyway as stated that's still a CPU issue.  I think a 1.5gz quad-core processor is more than enough to run a bitcoin node.  That's something like 4 effective ghz if hyperthreaded decently.
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:19:51
Right, because lawyers aren't academics.  I forgot about that.  They're just people that have gone through four-year schooling and post-graduate schooling and are working in the field of their post-graduate schooling.
@_date: 2014-12-16 04:30:08
What?  Nono, think about it like this.


These are both private goods.  It works because you can tell him "yes" or "no" and you're paying him or not paying him the value of $1.


Now even if 1 cleaning trash is worth $1 of your time, what you're paying isn't $1 because the value of cleaning trash spills onto other people (the neighbors of this guy and anyone who walks past, for example).  Instead, if the world were ideal, you'd do less than 1 minute of trash cleaning, because you should do the amount of work that equivocates to the value of your work for SOCIETY.  (I.e. if your work is worth $1, you should stop when you've done $1 worth of increasing society's value) But the bread vendor in the **real** world has no reason to accept 50 seconds of cleaning trash if the going rate for his bread is $1, and that's what he'll have to pay if it's worth $1 of time.  So this dude who could have let you get the bread for 50 seconds of work will refuse to do that because the price is too low to him (since he lacks incentive) and too high for you if he asks you to do 60 seconds worth of work (why not just pay him $1 and save yourself the work?).
You can't pay for goods without private goods to pay for them with, or else the cost incentive and benefits accrued are not efficient.
Of COURSE you could do this without bitcoin.  You couldn't use a virtual commodity to do it though.
@_date: 2014-11-21 17:58:38
I'm not downvoting your posts because I'm mad, I'm downvoting your posts because I tried to explain some intermediate economic concepts to you only to be met with "you can talk fancy science at me all day, boy, butcha don't got STREET SMARTS."
But really, I'm sure you do know much better.
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:48:51
Buy government bonds?  What are you talking about?
The Federal Reserve is a collection of private banks' funds that take part in the federal reserve system.  They don't "buy government bonds."  They ISSUE bonds (see: federal reserve notes) and they buy back the same bonds they issued at higher prices if they want to expand the money supply.  This is done with money that is the collective property of many banks, and insured by the government.
In addition, they have many other forms of open-market operation that they use to supply/contract the money supply.  They can change the rate at which banks loan money to each other over night, change the long-term Federal Reserve bank loan interest rates, auction off actual piles of cash (not newly printed cash, but actual literal in-supply piles of cash), et cetera.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:57:22
Human capital isn't virtual in nature at all.  You could argue that the capital itself is intangible but it's not virtual until you virtualize an actual human.
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:01:26
I think you confuse the words "justification" and "analysis."  No one in economics thinks that the school isn't an ex post facto analysis of one system of looting or another....
It's just that unlike you, apparently, most economists are capable of extricating their normative feelings of entitlement from their theoretical understanding of economies.  ;)
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:35:54
That's not rival in any way.  A biometric signature can be repeated as many times as you want, and can be used simultaneously in any number of places for any use.  The thumb is a private good, but not the biometrics.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:10:20
Let me guess, you're 50% in myriad and 50% in BBQcoin, still hoping for its next bubble?
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:15:38
2 days?  Truly, your circlejerk stamina leaves something to be desired.
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:44:58
blockchain.info comes to mind.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:45:27
... what?  It's not the first currency to implement multiple algos.
@_date: 2014-11-04 22:27:11
Yeah, I'm also inclined to wonder how the "economic elites" datapool is composed.
I admit that there might be some valid ways, but some would probably give you a false correlation or two.
Throwing speculation at the wall, I suspect that maybe they gathered figures relative to rent; those owning some amount of capital could roughly be considered "economic elites," and those using the rentors' capital couild roughly be considered the "economic norm."
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:58:57
Alright, there's really no point in me responding either; you're a fucking idiot without a grasp for subtlety.  Hint: the world exists in shades of grey.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:20:08
Hm.  I contend that the possibility of double-spends does not decrease rivalry.  At any point only one person can be consuming those bitcoins.  The probability of them shifting around is akin to the probability of someone stealing your cash.
Gaming a public pool means nothing.  The production is still rival and excludable, you just found a less competitive way to exclude.
DRM is fine.  I don't have any problem with it.  It might have greater security.  We're having a theoretic conversation about whether or not bitcoin is a private good in the definitional sense.  I contend that it still is.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:19:29
You realize that advocating a decentralized currency actually has nothing to do with being a "fiscal conservative" or a "fiscal liberal," right?
These are policymaking distinctions, and have to do with the use of money, not its nature.
Bitcoin itself would fall under a "liberalist" interpretation of economic theory.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:55:35
You don't understand the way that bitcoin mechanically functions, do you?  I'm sure you get how to use it, but I think you lack a fundamental understanding of the blockchain's datastructure and the way that nodes verify transactions.
@_date: 2014-06-07 00:03:06
More likely he sells a little something on the side..  or on the center.
@_date: 2014-03-10 21:35:04
if all you gave onename was your public address, there is no possible way it could control that account.
@_date: 2014-05-05 07:36:54
Let me guess, Keynes was a hack, and you've never read *General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money*.  Big surprise, yadda yadda, partisan hackery.  I'm interested in the intellectual substance of the affair, not the king-of-the-hilling.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:59:23
Personal creations are certainly private goods to some extent (you might argue that a painting is nonexcludable for the most part unless you keep it locked up, and it's certainly nonrival unless  there are too many people standing in front of it).
They aren't virtual though!
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:01:20
@_date: 2014-07-31 21:59:50
.. never mind the fully functional platform they have?
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:17:45
I stopped reading after the author claimed "Business cycles come into existence as a result of  central bank-induced inflation of the money supply. . ."
This is a positively retarded idea, even if you believe that Central Banking exacerbates recessions horribly.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:50:46
Oh, you mean DRM on a distributed good.  Nono, this doesn't work.  The firm can produce literally as many copies as they want.  That's the definition of nonrivalry.
The 50% attack does not destroy the excludability of bitcoin any more than a thief who steals 50% of the U.S. economy.  Unless, of course, you mean that they changed the protocol [their own hashpower is, ceteris paribus, just excluding everyone else because they have reached maximal exclusion].  Obviously the objection here is that they don't have bitcoins any more at all, and have destroyed all of a private good.
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:36:17
The more redundant backups of an exchange account's sensitive details, the more places to be physically robbed/compromised.  That's the only reason redundant private key copies might not exist.
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:07:06
Nobody allowed you to opt out of being serviced by local, state, or federal government?  Who the fuck told you must live wherever you live?
You can renounce your citizenship if you aren't participating in the social consensus, at which point you are an illegal immigrant who is trespassing in the United States.  You think you own land here?  Think again.  You hold private ownership of a deed which entitles you to use land that belongs to the United States Government, you don't own the land.  You never did, and you have no claim to claim it's separate from the contiguous U.S.  (See all the court cases where people have tried to secede their lawn and house from the States).
The fact is that by standing on the ground you stand, you're taking advantage of the police laws and the road construction laws and the FAA regulations that keep the airspace above your head clear, et cetera et cetera.  You don't have to like it, but you're participating in the social consensus.  If you weren't, you'd move away-- that is the way you opt out of the United States, and that makes perfect sense.  You wouldn't try to get a job in Canada without a Canadian visa and I.D., would you?  Nope.  That's because to be Canadian, you have to take part in their social contract.
Local governments are part of state governments, which are part of federal governments.  If you opt out of one, you opt out of them all.  Your libertarian wet dream is simply fallacious.
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:08:36
Wat?  You understand that a $1 dollar per hour job in 1913 was considered as good, now, as a $23 per hour job now, right?
So these things sort of equal out?  That's how inflation works.  Jesus.  Reading comprehension, dude.  Just because your eyes glazed over the inflation section of Principles of Economics does not make you qualified (apparently) to comment.
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:27:11
You pay 15% in taxes.  Stop with the lying por favor.
@_date: 2014-08-01 05:18:08
Yeah dude, it's.  like.  a service.  The services they offer work.  That's the definition of a functioning service.  My mind is being blown right now at the fact that this is hard to understand.
@_date: 2014-12-17 10:17:37
And just to make this easy for you to talk about, I'll provide a neat argument.








@_date: 2014-12-16 04:19:02
No it isn't.  You can make a good more or less rival, and more or less exclusive.
For instance, I can take a fence and fence in a lake.  Anyone who previously could use this lake now cannot unless they pay me to get in.
Clearly though this does not make the lake itself a private good.  This is why the phrase "privitization" exists.
Now on to the subject of I.P. addresses, as this is interesting.  Two things make them rivalrous: you can only consume one individual ip address at a time; there is a limited number of ipv4 addresses available.
The ipv4 issue is not really relevant.  What is interesting is more the fact that domain names are restricted to a single individual at a time.  Unfortunately they are not exclusive because their BENEFIT is accrued by multiple individuals (anyone who now uses the domain name to navigate the web instead of typing in the address).  You can think about domain names like ebooks.  Everyone can use them but their production is rivalrous, because you can't just write the same novel someone else wrote.  You simply can't exclude them from reading it once you make it an ebook though.
I can modify someone else's ebook and sell it as my own (think about purchasing "bestcookware.com" because someone else has a site "greatcookware.com"), and it's roughly analagous.
Edit: if you are concerned about my disregarding the whole "ipv4" business let me explain it like this.  The notion of rivalry depends on crowding.  If there is no crowding there is no rivalry.  There is never supposed to be ip crowding.  If there is ip crowding the protocol has failed.  This is why ipv6 exists: the ipv4 solution simply fails to prevent crowding given some variables.
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:31:40


"Your utopia", let's not bandy terms...  You fault others' utopias because they are perfect worlds that don't take into account human nature... and to you I say that your perfect world is naive and doesn't take into account human nature.  If you use the word "monopoly" like you're using it, then law IS monopoly.  Security IS monopoly.  If these things--- laws and security--- didn't have "monopolies," they wouldn't be law or security at all.  They would be legal-games and security-firms.
@_date: 2014-05-21 19:17:53
I've not claimed to be kind nor a member of the dogecoin community, and I'm certainly not stupid enough to think that this guy could move the market.  XD
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:34:16
I didn't particularly undertake a normative evaluation of monetary policy.  However, what you're saying doesn't really lead me to do so in the negative.  Your argument comes down to, essentially: "In principle I concede, but in practice, I doubt," which is simply a logical extension of "you haven't figured it out entirely yet."
If you want my honest answer to what I will genersouly interpret your question as ("doesn't the murky&amp;lagged nature of economic insight make adjusting of interest rates ineffective?"), I can offer something.  I don't think there are a gazillion variables necessary to make the decision, no.  I think that the whole purpose of establishing a board like the Federal Reserve is that it can react quickly and decisively.  Interest rates are notriously quickly acting on economies-- the economic impact can be virtually instant.
You don't have you measure everything, you just need to be able to answer a few central questions.  (Are interest rates too low?  Is the monetary base too expanded?  Will adjusting interest rates help this situation?  Etc.)  As economic modeling improves, so too will the efficacy of decisions relying on those questions.
@_date: 2014-05-17 07:12:29
Yeah, that's exactly what I fucking said in response to people claiming that the customers could lose out.
It's the original investment that can tank, but all dollars are "safe."
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:21:24
Are you silly?  Of course it gets them money...
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:32:08


I don't think this is true.  I think that it's very easy to construct a philosophical paradigm under which "restaurant choice" is more or equally valuable to "restaurant denial."  I.e., a philosophy under which blacks attending restaurants freely is truly more valuable than denying them, and objectively so (under some specific interpretation of value).
This is different than a cyclical movement of arbitrary powers-- it's also easy to construct reasons why it's different on a more fundamental level.  For example, I might agree with you on the subject of banning people wearing red shirts from your restaurant.  If this were allowed or disallowed, I might be indifferent to the way that the power relationship swings.
@_date: 2014-07-16 19:52:17
... what?  Whaaaa?  I don't think you understand how hosted mining works.  They take 30% (if I recall correctly) of the hosted mining profits.  Annnnd I don't think you fucking understand how a pool works, because it's SPLIT BETWEEN PARTICIPANTS.
Jesus dude, fraud.  lol.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:44:15
Not really?  There's a clear set of facts on the table that you obviously refuse to analyze, and the only reason to do that is if your head is buried in the sand.  It would be patently silly to assume anything other than your emotional inclinations.
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:50:35
No offense (offense intended actually), but you're pretty fucking dumb if you're being honest about this.  I'm not sure who makes a multi-thousand dollar decision based on the MODERATORS of a SUBREDDIT.  Reddit is a corner of the internet, and much more, a corner of the cryptocurrency world.  Much less you're reacting to the decisions of independent agents operating within that small corner?
You realize that isn't even the majority of dogecoin holders?  Not even close.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:31:11
Start at 3.4 cents means nothing.  I believe M-PESA fees are actually higher than Visa in aggregate.
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:23:05
Let's say that I have a dog that barks all night; it keeps my neighbors up.  Now, normally, this means that I am infringing upon the freedom of my neighbors because I am imposing costs on them that I do not pay for.
I now go around to each of my neighbors and pay them the amount that their frustration is worth.  If neighbor A is indifferent between hearing the dog bark and receiving $50, then I can pay him/her $50.  This is referred to as *internalizing* the cost.  Before I had paid, I was generating *external* costs.
Once I've done this, presumably, there is no freedom sacrificed-- instead, I have paid the actual cost of my decision.
Under a Libertarian utopic society, all decisions work this way.  I am allowed, for example, to ban black people from entering my restaurant so long as I pay the cost of decreased business (slightly different from the dog example because you are denying goods to a consumer rather than paying for damages already done)-- or I can do all the drugs I want just as long as it only hurts my own body and doesn't cause damage to other individuals.
However, a non-Libertarian approach to this recognizes that cost-internalization is ideal, not necessary.  For example, in the case of the restaraunt owner mentioned above, we in a democratic republic believe that it is okay to tell them: "you must accept black people in your restaraunt and treat them the same."  This is because while we see that the restaurant owner's freedom is decreased (by the amount relative to his desire to ban blacks), but we see the freedom of every black person in the United States increasing (by the amount relative to their desire to be able to enter any given restaurant without fear of segregation).  This consideration does not pay attention to the cost-externalization of the black people in question, because we have deemed that the costs being generated (the disutility of the restauranteer) should morally be dismissed.
This differs from the Libertarian interpretation, under which the costs generated by black people are actually immoral themselves; to tell the resteraunteer he cannot ban black people, under Libertarianism, is immoral because it forces him to accept external social costs.
@_date: 2014-12-16 05:51:26


You're forgetting the concept of seignorage.  The cost of that electricity is recompensed in the form of BTC which could be sold for the cost, or less, of the expenses.
P.S. excludability has nothing to do with who can sell it.  It has to do with the production.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:33:36


if it's not easy to see how this applies, I defer to my edit to the OP.
@_date: 2014-09-07 15:17:26
It's a bit hyperbolic, but it's completely true.  The price of bitcoin could drop to unheard lows tomorrow for a variety of reasons in a way that other "investments" could not possibly do.
For example: imagine that SHA256 was broken tomorrow (as has happened with other encryption algos); bitcoin's technology would certainly survive in the form of a new fork that doesn't use SHA256, but you can be guaranteed that many people would lose hundreds of thousands of dollars in the ensuing panic.
As a comparison, a well-diversified stock portfolio would only drop to 0 tomorrow in the case of total world apocolypse.  This is because the stock market is a diversified, well-studied, and well-understood system.  Bitcoin has a tremendous number of benefits, but "consumer confidence" is not one.
This is not an insult on bitcoin, it's not bashing bitcoin.  It's true, although I agree that the article could have added an addendum: "bitcoin could theoretically drop to 0 tomorrow, but many people believe that this is unlikely due to blah blah blah blah the fuck blah."
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:43:55
How do you take me to private court in an anarcho-capitalist society?
What if I refuse to attend?
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:53:48
So what you're saying is that the Central Bank of England is bad because it doesn't have a "central bank regulation ... that sets the minimum fraction of customer deposits and notes that each commercial bank must hold as reserves?"
Because you realize there's a difference between Central Banks and Commercial Banks, yeah?
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:35:06
Which itself is a real good, though, not a virtual one.  Or you could call it something else-- an intangible good.  It's certainly not *virtual* though.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:16:48
On the first point, they aren't actually "verified" the very next day.  This process takes weeks, and a bank essentially credits you funds once they're sure that they're not being defrauded, meanwhile, your money is sent to a fractional reserve.  This is different than a merchant "knowing" they have funds.
On the second point, don't be daft.  The FDIC is an independent organization from the Federal Reserve (which I want to note... isn't even the entity that creates dollars.  The U.S. Treasury is the only agency with the authority to order dollars to be printed, the Federal Reserve merely carries the orders out...).  The guy's point is that you don't begrudge the currency itself for lack of protections, you rely on independent organizations to protect you that use that currency....
@_date: 2014-08-21 10:10:00
In the same way, Dogecoin is backed by Bitcoin already because you can go on any exchange and exchange it.
Sidechains will work the same way-- so why not make another blockchain that operates of its own security?
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:41:43
Eh.  You're thinking in the box, dude.  I'm not even a bitcoin-evangelist and I can say that it's obvious that we're moving away from ad revenue streams, simply because... well, I can block them and you can't stop me.
@_date: 2014-09-08 05:13:17
dat's what I fuckin thought.
@_date: 2014-12-16 02:49:28
The real answer to this question is because bitcoin generates external benefits (***); even if you don't save money, someone somewhere along the line does.  This means that in an ideal world, everything would be cheaper with bitcoin, but we don't live in one of those.  In our world, that won't happen until a bunch of people jump ship and start using bitcoin.
If you want to know why bitcoin generates such external benefits, look no further than walmart at 12:00 AM every day.  They spend about 10 minutes counting the money in all of their tills, making sure that their tills are intra-till equitable, and then transporting excess money to their safes.
Everyone is doing this process constantly, so much so that you don't even know how many costs the transaction of cash incurs.  Debit cards and such are slightly less costly, but what you gain in transactional utility you lose in Visa's counterparty risk-- they charge EVERYONE a 3% fee (which creates in part deadweight loss), which they have to do to operate because they're constantly refunding fraudulent purchases.
Beginning to see the picture?  Don't listen to these fucktards who bring libertarian idealism to the table.
P.S. before someone chimes in with ("fraudulent purchases?  LOLOL bitcoin gets taken by thieves all the time!" I would point out the obvious truth that no bitcoin is ever lost to thieves in the history of bitcoin.  It is only transferred to thieves.  Like it or not, what one person loses to the proverbial bitcoin h4x0r is gained by that same hacker, meaning society loses nothing (except maybe for gaining some unhappiness).  This isn't necessarily a good thing but it isn't a bad thing either.  Unlike in the case of Visa, all of that money actually **isn't** just moved around like when bitcoin fraud occurs.  When Visa charges everyone a 3% fee off the top to cover their insurance risk, this means that people consume fewer goods (since everything they use their card for is 3% more expensive either because the customer pays it upfront or because the supplier eats the fee and can produce fewer goods, shifting their supply curve upward as in the case of a classical pigouvian tax).  There is no deadweight loss of bitcoin due to thievery, unless perhaps maybe it is the case that people are so put off by bitcoin thievery that they fear even using it.  That might be the case, but that is a technical hurdle that is clearly being overcome slightly more every day as companies like Circle and solutions like multi-sig become more accessible.  Moreover, this isn't really deadweight loss... it's more like "bitcoinweight loss."  The reason is that the money people decide not to spend with bitcoin (due to fear of thievery) will be spent in dollars, stimulating the economy by an equal amount.  The only time this would be damaging is if someone only used bitcoin, but we can assume if that's ever the case, common hackers will no longer be an issue [such as in the possible case that hardware wallets are integrated into cellphones].
*** only in comparison to other media of exchange.  What is actually the case is that it internalizes costs.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:58:52
The hashpower from the people who join the pool doesn't go towards the hosted mining where they collect fees?  What the fuck dude, they mine on the same pool; are you *sure* you know what a pool is?
Why do people have an incentive to go to a bigger pool?  Please understand the answer to that question before you reply to me.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:37:00
Any file secured by asymmetric crypto does not count; you can arbitrarily reproduce the same data so long as you have the key.  This just means it's an infinitely reproducible good that you've put a very good lock on.
Generating someone's private key is doing nothing other than stealing their bitcoin.  You still can't share it.  Cars are private goods, but two people can own the key without two people having the "private property."  Obviously two people can drive in it at once, but only one person can drive it, so only one person receives the benefit of "owning" the vehicle (as opposed to being in it).
@_date: 2014-05-29 18:29:24
I admittedly didn't shop around for graphs, I sort of assumed A.A.+crowd on twitter would have double checked.
@_date: 2014-05-16 05:00:22
Not strictly true actually.
What they are doing is more akin to this:


















Really, in this situation, the only losers are the investors in the company if bitcoin fails.
Presumably, however, what they'll do with the reserves in question is invest them; thus by operating as a fractional reserve (I'm not sure if they are planning on being fractional, but they're certainly a reserve) they could pay their operating costs and profit from the venture as well-- while all that money is sitting in reserves, despite the price of bitcoin, presumably it can earn interest. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:24:02
I'll just leave you with a little Mises quote...  The kind you can't quite take out of context.  


He acknowledged, after this quote, that Fascism isn't the best form of government... but you can't tell me he wasn't fond of fascism when he described it as having "eternal merit" and "saved ... civilization."  But please-- give me your interpretation of the Fascist's "best intentions" in a way that doesn't make it sound like Mises was a **raving lunatic?**  There's a reason they don't teach his stuff in standard economic fare, and it's because it's demonstrably insane.
@_date: 2014-06-25 19:42:22
You're not familiar with what "memory" means, are you?
Every time your computer turns off (has no power), that 8 megabytes of memory is not only cleared, it cannot possibly retain data.  Unless, of course, you mean "solid state memory," but printer memory in that sense is random-access, meaning that it doesn't store data without power.
@_date: 2014-06-07 23:41:47
No, it's simply not a test that applies.  Does Apple have a monopoly on apple-distributed applications?  I don't know, no more than Lockheed Martin has a monopoly on the blackbird, or Windows having a monopoly on Word.
The test for a monopoly isn't what you're describing.  If there exist competitive alternatives to a product, it isn't a monopoly, and there exist competitive products to iOS applications: android applications, blackberry applications, open-source applications, jailbroken applications.  The fact that you have to buy an object to use some of those is irrelevant to the discussion of monopoly.
@_date: 2014-03-12 08:41:28
Yeah.... "Govern" is the relevant word.  At any rate, do you really think that a crowd of neckbeard internet hacktivists matter to NY when they're considering regulating?  They don't need to strike a deal with anyone to do as they please.
@_date: 2014-07-16 02:58:59
If you want to encourage bitcoin adoption, you should probably adopt the opposite attitude...
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:45:58
Don't make me get into an argument about protocol vs currency etc.  More importantly, those are simply excluded from a reasonable model because they're all bitcoin-backed in essence.  You don't incorporate "a_curious_dogebucks" into your model of currencies just because I redeem them for dollars sometimes.
If you force my hand I can edit my post to say: "the first virtual private good" everywhere instead of just at 1/2 places.
@_date: 2014-10-21 09:58:56
wat.  Yeah, that's not how deflation or technological expansion works...
@_date: 2014-12-17 00:55:00
From wikipedia.com (this excerpt is the beginning of the page titled "public goods"):




and I will end there.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:11:50
FRNs are currency, but they can't print them to pay for things.  The fuck is so hard to understand?
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:48:11
It doesn't matter to me what Obama says.  What you don't seem to understand is that not everyone in the world agrees about this whole "monopoly on force" business; Libertarians take it as a granted truth that the government possesses it.
I am disagreeing with Weber's entire philosophical premise, as I believe anyone who can rationally think about these issues will do.  There is no such thing as a monopoly on violence, because in order to have a monopoly on something, you must be its sole issuer.  Monopolies don't work otherwise.
The government is not the sole issuer of legitimate use of force.  This is plain to see.


I'll ignore the typos here and instead go after the obvious fallacy: if tomorrow, 75% of Senators and House members (a majority who in theory mirror the wishes of their constituents [and before you deny this, we're talking about governmental systems, not particular governments]) decided to pass a law which abolished the state's use of any particular case of violence...
Well, that's the majority rule you're claiming doesn't exist.  It's a representative republic; that's how they fucking work.
In order to have a "monopoly on violence," the state must have a monopoly on legislation, which it CLEARLY DOES NOT.  It is citizens who issue legislation, it is citizens who ratify legislation, and it is citizens who carry out the legislation.  To assume that we live in a state where the citizens are not willfully consenting is nothing more than your confirmation bias.
And finally, I'll address your worst point:


They can't be reasonably interpreted as having consented to be ruled by the government of the United States?  That's silly, and here's why.
You can never consent to the conditions of your birth, so that is a completley irrelevant angle.  To assume that it is immoral to place legislation over a territory is patently ridiculous given the assumption, in turn, of free migration.  By remaining in the United States when you are given the option of free migration, you implicitly accept the rule of law.  On your 18th birthday, you signed a contract; you act as though that's not the case, because you never held a pen, but have you driven on the roads?  Have you been protected by police forces or fire-fighting standbys?  Have you paid income taxes (remember, you don't have to do this, as they cannot imprison you for refusing to pay income taxes; they can only imprison you for tax evasion, which is the unlawful attempt to covertly pay fewer taxes, different from the refusal to do so which simply incurs debt [for which you cannot, in the United States, be imprisoned]).
You get my point-- just as much as you can say that the State has without consent shoved its rule of law onto you, it has the legitimate claim that you are a thief if you haven't consented to that rule of law.  This is why notions of "consent" that you're bringing up are best to throw out the window: they make no sense in cases of birthright.
Instead, we can ask a much better question: do you continue to willfully remain under the United States legal code?
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:36:58
... I'm well aware of what "multiple algos" means.  But you're aware that other coins have multiple algorithms in their PoW... and Bitcoin has multiple algorithms that it uses for cryptographic verification, just one for PoW.
Myriad claims to be the first multiPoW but I'm pretty sure that's bullshit.
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:08:46
Don't be retarded; Keynesian Economics has nothing to do with printing money OR manipulating interest rates.  Standard Keynesian Economics involves stimulus through direct monetary injection in the form of DEBT (that is to say that the government buys and sells bonds, typically, not prints money; they owe money on bonds that will be redeemed later) and manipulation of the INCOME TAX.  Keynes' methods had nothing to do with "monetarism" which was a movement that came after Keynes.
Edit: and both of these are entirely possible with bitcoin, idiot.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:50:35
Er.  I said "or one group"
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:02:20


You hit the nail on the head there.  That is not just the problem with the public, but also this community.
@_date: 2014-04-14 04:37:50
FRNs are a sort of a bond.  Read what I wrote, I specifically mentioned federal reserve notes.
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:31:29
Your skull is simply retains too much of its greatapeness.  Peace dude.
@_date: 2014-04-18 18:41:13
Want to try your hand at an actual debate?  This guy's rhetoric does not condense to "hardcore libertarian," but amounts to "you are spewing party rhetoric, not logical truths."  On the other hand, what you've done is emotionally reacted to a criticism by calling out the name of an incorrect rhetorical technique.
In order to poison the well (notice that it says this even in the definition you posted...), the idea is that you poison it BEFORE the person speaks, not after they've done so.  Idiot.
@_date: 2014-03-12 07:06:24
Yeah...  I'm an economist.  I don't need any education (especially Mises, lololol.  Did you know that he was a vocal proponent of Italian fascism?) about natural monopolies.
I'd encourage you to pick up some real economic literature and give it a gander.
@_date: 2014-07-02 19:55:21


Right, because governments love to accept an amount of money in exchange for spending a larger amount of money.  Apparently governments also love to forego teaching plebians proper comma placement?
@_date: 2014-12-28 07:44:26
Honestly if he wrote everything on this guy in C I believe it would be fine.  The 1GB RAM shouldn't be an issue, I don't see why a node needs to appropriate more than 500MB of RAM from a device that isn't running a GUI.  Verifying transaction headers via hashing doesn't require intensive ram, which is the hardest thing a node does...  Presumably the number of connections would be in some sense limited by RAM available but a connection to another client is nothing more than a linked list with several variables, and the CPU does the rest of the work.
I also suspect that you could make creative use of a pagefile on the (hopefully flash) hdd to create a lightweight port of the core client in the case that ram isn't suitable.  Slower of course but the point is to create a lightweight node, not a blazingly fast one.
@_date: 2014-06-30 20:49:19
implying that the demand existed prior to the supply, idiot.
edit: too harsh?  sorry.  it's patently stupid to believe this though.
@_date: 2014-11-04 22:16:06
Honestly, I believe the largest fact that you've overlooked in this analysis is the implication of what a secret ballot would do *in light of what we already know about the influence of money over politics.*
You are, in my humble opinion, putting the cart before the horse.  By your argument (to paraphrase, "the vital fact that allows politics to be coerced by money is the open ballot."  Let me propose two counterhypotheses:
1) Money's influence on politics at some point simply coerced politicians into opening up the congressional vote process.  This would mean the voting's just a side-effect and incidental, not the root of problems.  (I find this to be very likely.)
2) The influence money has over politics would continue to exist for other reasons (to name a few, human greed, the necessity of campaign funds, and logrolling).  If the ballot were secret, politicians could accept money without fear of reproach when their values are compromised.  (Less likely but possible.  I admit to the fact that I am not sure whether or not open voting is helpful democratically, but I suspect that it gives too much power to lobbyists.)
There is only one solution to the Gilens &amp; Page problem, and it is to rectify the slope of that "elite" line.
On a side note, I find it slightly amusing that you say you see the Gilens &amp; Page data as the first positive evidence for the libertarian hypothesis; I see it as just the opposite.  The Libertarian hypothesis is that "freedom is only obtained by internalizing the costs of social decisions to the individual."  What we see here is very close to that, and I could understand why you'd slip up and see this as a validation of Libertarianism-- because what the Gilens data shows is that political influence is obtained by individuals who have internalized the costs of their social decisions (i.e. paid for legislation they wanted).  However, the conclusion of the Gilens paper is that this actually **decreases freedom at large.**  That's the opposite hypothesis of the Libertarian, who in theory says that everyone must pay for the things they want, because that is true freedom.
More simply, it can be thought of like this: imagine perfect Libertarianism implemented today.  These people who are economic elites have power now because they purchase legislation; those people would have power in a Libertarian society because they have the largest amount of resources and capital at their disposal already.  The fact that they currently use the government to enrich themselves is simply the work of rational actors acting in a free market, so to speak, where the market is the "funding-legislation" market, the same way they use their capital to enrich themselves (as mentioned by you relative to the Pickity stuff).
@_date: 2014-06-16 19:01:34
Microeconomics is what you might call the animal model of what most people know as "economics:" macroeconomcis.  More honestly, it would be the cellular model, but go on with your business.
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:55:39
It's entirely different.  Access to sensitive financial data is, by nature, different from having access to a private key (which actually is the funds themselves).
I'm not saying that one shouldn't have an exchange's private keys backed up, but it's hardly comparable in the same way.  If anything, having multiple backups is stupid and one should have one-two maximally secured (think bank vault) backups.
@_date: 2014-06-03 04:03:21
I don't propose running reddit or facebook for profit.
@_date: 2014-12-17 10:14:38
No, I possess moderate intellect.  If that weren't the case I might be arguing with a guy who says squares are four sided.
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:29:09
What always fails to go past the thick skull of people like you is that there are consistent winnners in coinflip competitions too.
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:59:32
You present a false dichotomy.
Let me present a counterexample that illustrates it.
"The human body is incredibly complex.  We have no way of truly understanding the networks involved in brain chemistry and cognition.  Thus, medication cannot (IN PRINCIPLE) bring about desirable biocognititive effects."
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:42:22
It still doesn't work like that.  The marginal cost of bitcoin-production is a function of bitcoin's price, not a function of actual production costs.
Thus, ceteris paribus, marginal costs remain exactly identical at the reward halving.  Some miners simply drop out because their total costs exceed total revenues (which is what causes price rubber-banding.. allegedly?).
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:47:42
Do you read the things I write?  Congress cannot change the bitcoin protocol....... Are you idiotic?
@_date: 2014-11-27 09:24:18
Pretty sure you're the fucking moron, because states and such subfederal governmental bodies are literally the ONLY entities who cannot legally produce currency.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:02:15
Thanks dude.  I think the best thing I've ever heard about Libertarians, to describe their seeming insanity, is: even the most broken of clocks is right twice per day.
Libertarians do indeed hold some pretty rational opinions about some things (for instance, they hold that legal discrimination of all sorts should be abolished).  Then you probe a bit deeper, and find out that they believe it's socially beneficial if restaurant owners are given the right to ban blacks, homosexuals, and democrats from their establishments.
That said, even libertarians are better than some of the truly evil men that sit as the figurative "king of hill" in our society.  It's merely that a libertarian future would look terrifying...  Ever read [Snow Crash]( the Neal Stephenson novel in which America has broken into a hyperlibertarian sort of anarchist-capitalism?  It's hilarious/extremely good.
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:37:45
I hope your last line was meant to be tongue-in-cheek, because otherwise, I'm having myself a grand laugh.
@_date: 2014-08-20 18:11:34
I don't really think they're a great idea.  There's a number of reasons I say this (blockchain bloat is most among them, which will become a serious problem if we ever see mainstream adoption of the sort that's anticipated).
As an economist I am skeptical of sidechains as well because they would be a "pegged" currency that is "unpegged."  Think about the problems that would be involved in stating: "dollars with the serial numbers 100 through 200 are both dollars, but also Chuck-E-Cheese tokens."
Why not just mint a new coin and sell them at a floating rate for dollars?  (People want to do this to sort of consolidate bitcoin, but the beauty of bitcoin is that it can work [easily] in a complicated environment.  We already have fungibility between bitcoins and altcoins via exchanges; open-sourced and decentralized solutions for the 'exchange problem' are already in the works, too, and that's really what I'm waiting for.  A way to exchange bitcoin for altcoins guaranteed by the laws of math itself.)
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:00:42
I guarantee you are subject to the same psychological flaw unless you're some sort of autistic savant.  It's unfortunate, and you can rationalize past it, but it's not like it doesn't have negative psychological consequences-- it's just some people can rationalize past them?
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:32:44
DEFINITION of 'Rival Good'
A type of good that may only be possessed or consumed by a single user. Using a rival good prevents its use by other possible users. Rival goods can be durable, where users may use them one at a time, or nondurable, where consumption destroys the good, allowing only one user to enjoy it. 
Nice and easy to see how this applies, yes?
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:36:29
For example, your resource cites:








@_date: 2014-04-20 17:31:43
 You don't get it, dude-- the mentality here is that BECAUSE your evidence is correllated by papers and a century of economic science, it's false.  You'll never convince them.  Much like crazy ancaps react to government simply because it exists and they don't like it, they also react to economics because it exists and they don't like it/understand it.
It's really not us just being a part of the machine-- there happen to be scientific statements that can be made about economies, and these people aren't interested in the sort that are positive-- only the normative variety.
@_date: 2014-04-14 04:46:42
I'm calling layman on you, because there's no way that you'd assume my understanding of "bail outs" and "toxic assets" would somehow lump me into your neoclassical libertarian voodoo economics.
As I said, layman.
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:29:51
.... Yes, that is what one would generally think about when they talk about "professional economists."  Are you implying that those people are incapable of extricating their normative feelings from their theoretical understanding of economies (like you)?
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:41:33
No, the definition of rivalry has to do with the consumption of benefits and whether or not you sum them vertically or horizontally.
Every good is orthogonal between private and public with its respect to its rival and excludable dimensions.  If a good has public externalities it is not summed horizontally but vertically in some component.  A purely private good has no vertical sum of benefits accrued to society, only horizontal.
You are wrong about rivalry and crowding, I'm sorry.  I can give you an example that is usually given in an economics class.
Public parks: you build one and it is nonrival and nonexcludable.  (This is why people usually talk about them as though they are public goods, and for the most part, this works out to be true in practice).  However, now imagine you have 500 people in a park with a 1000 person capacity.  Look-- it's still nonrival, still nonexcludable.  However, now put 1000 people in the same park.  If there are no more people that can fit into the park it has become perfectly rival and nonexcludable.
This is the concept of "crowding."  It's applied to things like emergency medical care (which is a public good in some places until it becomes crowded, at which point it is a rival good because you have to wait in line).  The point here about IP addresses is that they only become rival if there aren't enough of them to go around.  As it is meant to work, an IP address is never crowded out.
If you're curious about the discussion above about externalities and the way that one adds the benefit of a good, let me know.  I can go more in depth into that if my explanation wasn't clear.
Edit: as a side note, bitcoin actually doesn't have externalities.  You're confusing a positive externality with the absence of a negative one-- for example, using dollars generates the negative externality of physical object transportation.  When you pay with a dollar, it imposes a cost on the person who receives it because they have to then move it around (and maybe this cost is tiny, but there are other ones).  There is no benefit accrued to anyone else by the use of bitcoin, nor are there external costs accrued by the use of bitcoin (there are costs paid to use it, but they are perfectly internalized [tx fees+electricity]).  The absence of the costs means the production curve of society does not change with the use of bitcoin but rather approaches its maximum.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:34:55
Except that's even bad fake C++, because it's very clear that you would declare something like "conclusion = someVagueAgreement();" and also probably "if (inherently_good(people))".
Can't write C++ like sentences, mate.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:35:27
Eh, this isn't really true.  Depends on the person from whom you are hearing the list.  You talk about "bitcoin" like it's an organization instead of a protocol.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:20:27
No, all property is not private.  Example: the air.
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:49:31


Yes.  When you don't understand something, you usually believe it does not follow.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:14:49
    CODE_SET *code;
    if ( can_parse((code = comment.parent())) == FALSE) {
    reply(comment.parent.username(), "back to c++ for dummies, buddy"); }
back to c++ for dummies, buddy
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:26:27
To be honest, I'm not a libertarian, and I can imagine it easily.
Taxing works fine with bitcoin, you already have a choice not to pay your taxes.  Government spending works fine with bitcoin, the government can use taxed bitcoins to pay for things or use debt the way that they currently do (here's a certificate that says "I'll give you 50 bitcoins in the future."  That certificate, from a trusted entity, is [50BTC - PresentValue(50BTC)], so it's not like you can't engage in bitcoin-denominated debt spending).  It's just slightly harder.
@_date: 2014-03-12 04:48:06
Generally in this sense trustless just means that you have your own private key.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:56:21
Indeed.  I'd also criticize its conventions.  I understand the desire to descriptively name variables and function names, and thus the extension of ordinary-use English phrases as titles in this sense.
But it seems a bit arbitrary to call a variable "someVagueAgreementOnWhat".  It leaves the code-reader asking the question... "... on what?"
Moreover, the function name orIsnt() seems to be non-indicative of anything, even moreso than the aforementioned variable.
Let's not even talk about the if check, which presumably functions a pre-established variable that wasn't included in the code blob (inherentlyGood) or a macro that is named with the same convention as a declared variable (inherentlyGood)....
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:37:02
Secede is the word you are searching for.  (Rather for zones to secede from California but not the U.S.)
@_date: 2014-02-03 07:34:02
Let me share with you a bit of Wittgensteinian wisdom.
When we say things like "biased" we can often mean a word that fits different contextual definitions.  When we says we have formed a "biased theory", no one thinks "free of cognitive bias".  We are speaking instead of a form of bias present in interests, not cognition.
To be free of bias of that sort?  Certainly possible, but on a hunch, I'm going to say you're the sort of gut-driven Libertarian who is incapable.  Have a nice day.  :)
@_date: 2014-08-15 07:54:18
well, if you stop wearing them, it's okay.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:46:56
False.  Anyone cannot mine.  This is exactly the opposite of the case.  For every unit of value that you receive from mining, you pay its cost in electricity and equipment or greater.  This is the exact model of perfect competition, and requires the good produced to be private.
You may be referring to the fact that bitcoin has low barriers to entry.  This has nothing to do with rivalry vs excludability.
The tragedy of the commons does not apply.  Selling bitcoins is not an external cost to the transactional utility of bitcoin.  Its transactional utility is irrelevant from its price. And what could you possibly mean by "no one owns the blockchain?"  Every block on the blockchain is owned.  that's what a private key is.
@_date: 2014-07-03 00:26:00
Yes, and you've certainly put me in my place, despite looking like a complete fucking idiot this whole conversation.  You've literally been insisting that bitcoin is an excludable, rival consumer good, which makes no sense.
Like... Gold is literally one of the classic "rival, nonexcludable" goods.  You even used gold as an example.  You're a complete fucktard.
@_date: 2014-08-15 07:16:34
Oh god.  Please burn these.  :/
edit: no cannot be said enough.
double edit: seriously though dude.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:38:19
No, that simply is true.  You don't get consumer protection from the Fed when using dollars.  What is difficult to understand about that?
You get consumer protection from the FDIC, which is **not** the fed or even related to it.  They don't even do similar things.  I have no clue why you would bring interest rates into this equation.
@_date: 2014-03-11 21:42:50
Defer to my above edit for explanation.  To speed this along, I'll link you to some econ 101 information.  
Natural monopolies are hard to create without....?  Um.  A natural monopoly.  They have nothing to do with governments.  Please, educate yourself as to the terminology you are using before you toss it at the wall like a dart.
By your logic, every type of monopoly is a "economic monopoly" by nature of economies being required to have monopolies.  Just because you have patents established by governments does not mean that a monopoly via patent is a "regulation monopoly," although a layman's interpretation of the terms may equivocate the two.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:33:25
This is potentially a pretty big deal.  Although it's not quite the same, the proposal here is essentially to turn every phone into a hardware wallet.  I imagine that this sort of a feature would have input/output attack vectors, but theoretically so does a Trezor.
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:39:54
Do you actually think there's enough currency for everyone in the same way that there are enough ip addresses for everyone?
You're patently incorrect.  I really don't know what else to tell you, because the consensus of every economic professional is on my side.  Here's an extreme example:
Is a television broadcast rival?  No two antennae can absorb the same electromagnetic wave, and by mechanism of digital interpolation, render an image from the same content.
I will explain, once again, why none of these cases are murky.  It's not about consumption of the thing.  It's about the SUMMING of **BENEFITS.**  When you add the benefits of a tv broadcast, P increases.  When you add the benefit of a car, Q increases by necessity but P does not.  When you add the benefit of ip address consumption, P increases and Q does not.  You never need to "supply more ip addresses to meet public consumption."  You're just wrong.  Other infrastructure has scaling costs, and ipv4's transition to ipv6, but they aren't rival goods m8.
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:21:17
So what do you propose we do about monopolies that have gained complete control in an industry?  If the government can't deal with such situations, who does?  I am not asking this antagonistically, I am actually asking who you think could do such a thing if not a government.
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:17:57
Yeah, I dunno.  I kind of am inclined to agree, but on the other hand, a 2m budget is pretty small in the grand scheme of things.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:49:42
@_date: 2014-03-16 22:21:09
Although I will say you do have a mistaken conception.  "Random" and "predictively random" are not the same thing.  Bitcoin prices may be driven in a non-random fashion, but the price in X minutes may be a completely predictively random event.  For an easy example of conceptualizing this, quantum physics results are driven by physics but cannot be measured or predicted until after-the-fact.
In all reality markets probably behave in a similar way.  Any attempt to measure future results will change the future results unless you have inside information-- that is, if you can see that the prices are about to go up, other people can "see" the same thing unless you have an edge that they don't.  If we bring information assymetry into the model, though, everything is out the window.  We assume perfect information distribution in most economic models.
With that in mind, it's very easy to say that market fluctuations are predictively random and that there's no amount of TA that can help you gain short-term profits.  That said, the truly useful pattern-recognition is in long term patterns, not short term-- because that relies on abstract information processing more than information computation, where everyone is basically on the same foot.
@_date: 2014-06-01 16:13:59
Are you honestly stupid and uneducated enough to believe that 1000usd in a bank account is worth less than 1000usd in Zimbabwe?  Holy fuck that is some idiocy...
Jesus, like, you don't even get what money is.  Google "ppp" you stupid fuck.
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:13:04
Hey, economist here.  I'll give you a few talking points.
In a recent study, it was found that the percentage of black-market transactions done with bitcoin is lower than the percentage (both relative to total pools) of black-market transactions done globally with USD.  This is no surprise.  If you want to conduct a global black market business, you deal in USD that has been laundered, you don't mess around with Bitcoin.  It's small time right now.
Another talking point: the movement of cash is poorly traceable.  Every USD (or peso) that exists is identified uniquely, but this doesn't help; there exists no rigorous method of tracking the movement of these unique identifiers, and this makes money laundering more than possible.  With Bitcoin, every transaction is literally recorded for ALL perpetuity in the blockchain.  Each bitcoin transaction can be correlated in the future for tax purposes, investigative purposes, et cetera.  Of course, methods exist to attempt to obscure the destination of coins that one might move around, but this is still more transparent with bitcoin-- and let's not forget that the money laundering business globally is MASSIVE.  Far, far, far larger than all bitcoins' worth together.
And let's just add some Mexican nationalism, as I am indeed descended of a Mexican father!  The transaction fees imposed upon Visa and other credit-card payment processors disproportionately affect developing countries; the fees imposed cause a larger decrease in the buying power of low-income individuals relative to the buying power of high individuals paying the same fees.  What does this mean for bitcoin?  Theoretically a population of bitcoin users in a developing country (such as Mexico's rural areas, and arguably its entirety, depending on the definition of developing) will have higher aggregate demand, stimulating economic growth.  This may pose tax difficulties, but a stimulated economy is better than an unstimulated one-- as it's not likely that it will take long to figure out how to tax a globally recorded, unalterable ledger of transactions...
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:03:40
Two reasons: the most recent companies to introduce bitcoin payment methods are at their most vulnerable period analytics-wise.  If they see massive, fast, positive response, this will motivate further bitcoin use from the vendor.
Second reason: companies are driven by profit; if you give them more money and you happen to use bitcoin, this will encourage further bitcoin use.
@_date: 2014-02-04 05:20:06
You can't bust out the ad hominem and ask me to back off when I reply, buddy.  Don't give me that one.  You sound out with the libertarian crowd of what are essentially free-market fascists and I will include you amongst them.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:54:02
I'm completely unconvinced.  You're merely describing your experience being raised in an already-existing governmental regime.
For reference, EVERY SINGLE STATE was given the option of inclusion in the 13 states of the Articles of Confederation.  How is this not being given the option to opt out of the government's rules?  When the United States were formed in the Constitution, there established a process (Congressional, Article IV, III) by which any state who willingly wishes to become part of the federal government can be granted statehood.
At a more reductionist level, all governments MUST be formed by coalitions of voluntary people.  It may be said that some governments force non-voluntary participation from groups of people who don't wish to live under said government (see: Tibet, the Mexican-American war, et cetera)-- but at this point, that isn't an objection to what governments are.  It's an objection, at best, to what governments tend to do.
You say that governments are the result of conquering and violent overthrow, and it's patently obvious that this is sometimes the case.  You're stating truisms, not philosophy or politics.  It's just as patently obvious that any "conquer and overthrow" is actually a group of willing individuals banding together in a governmental structure, then using military force to extend their territory/authority.  At its root, it is exactly what I described: a consensual social agreement.
If you want further reading, please consult some of these [links]( [that]( [explain]( [what]( [I]( [mean](
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:44:49
I don't think you've addressed his point: that regardless of the whole trust situation, end-users will never ever ever be able to operate with the technological know-how of the users on the cutting edge, which bitcoin is certainly on.
Just like with domain name lookups, we don't teach people about IP addresses any more.  We teach them to type " into the address bar because people understand names, and then they understand how to click things.  If we can't figure out how to make bitcoin intelligible to people who aren't avant-garde technologists, it simply will not succeed.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:44:14
dude, you don't need to edumucate me about how the DNS works or about bitcoin forks; I'm well aware of namecoin.  You're just echoing some talking points at me and completely disregarding the original comment to which you responded.  Let's just end this conversation now.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:31:27
Joke's on you, mate.  P.S. the "ment" in "government" isn't a distinc morpheme and doesn't come from the latin words for mind.  ;)
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:30:52
Oh, whoopsies.  My bad.
@_date: 2014-12-17 00:53:00
You're not understanding the definitions or you might understand why I say they elucidate the difference between your socks and a painting.  If you really want me to explain I'll do that beneath, but you seem like you're arguing for the sake of doing so when you say things like "the world is not government[sic] by simple definitions..."  Correct.  No one believes that to be the case.  At any rate, let's continue on with the conversation...
Your socks are valuable because when you put them on your feet you gain utility.  [Of course also because you can bandage yourself with them, or maybe strangle someone in a pinch.]
A painting is valuable because it can be viewed and appreciated for its artistic contribution.  [Of course also as a paperweight, fuel, a flat surface, etc.]
There is a fundamental difference there.  The utility-maker of socks is only to be consumed, fundamentally, by whomever wears them.  (Sure, they might confer utility to other people like admirers of your socks, but we have a word for this.  *External.*)
The painting however **is actually different entirely.**  Any number of people can simultaneously enjoy the same painting *once it has been created and shown off.*  It doesn't matter how many people you actually *let* see it, it only matters that if you let everyone see it at once, they would all have equal access to the painting.  There are realistic concerns here, like maybe when too many people stand in front of the painting no one behind can see it.  For that reason a painting isn't "perfectly" nonrival.
However you can easily exclude someone from seeing a painting.  Put it in a room and charge them to walk through.  This means that a painting falls under the classification of "nonrival, excludable."  A sock is different.  Only one person can use it at a time, but it's really easy to exclude people from getting its benefit.  You charge them for the sock, and if they don't pay, you don't give them the sock.  For this reason, a sock is a "rival, excludable" good just like a bitcoin.  It's not a *virtual* good like bitcoin is (and there are other virtual goods, like netflix subscriptions).  The point of this post is that bitcoin is the first virtual good to have ever fallen under that "rival, excludable" category.
@_date: 2014-12-01 03:42:01
There's ways to do this.  You don't have to do it off blockchain.
There's built-in functionality to lock BTC by uploading a non-default script with a transaction.  All you have to do is leverage this into a swap scheme of some sort.
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:27:38
This is patently ridiculous.  There is no such thing as a 100% private good any more than there exists an actual circle.  The fact that you have a statistically nonzero chance to generate someone's securely generated private key does not mean anything if that nonzero chance is negligible.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:49:08
... er..  No they aren't?
@_date: 2014-03-14 02:05:46
Depends where you are.
@_date: 2014-09-07 14:54:36
Bash bitcoin?  Most of the article was composed of reasons that Bitcoin is an incredible technology.
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:50:06
Who's a... btcbubble?  Who is...?  You are...?
Have I mastered the form of this insult?  It embarrassed me so much I figured I better pick it up for my own use.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:06:24
Sigh.  Come back and talk to me when you have more than (actually..  even one will do) a highschool economics class in knowledge about these terms.  You're simply not even using the right words.  You conflate rival and excludable constantly.  I'm pretty sure that you have no understanding of the concepts either.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:58:50
Also von Mises is the only man I have ever read that wrote of the rise and fall of Italian Fascism with what I would call "an air of fond reminiscence."
@_date: 2014-03-10 04:18:01
    while(wallet.balance() &gt; target) wallet.split();
    
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:48:41
aren't you late for synogogue?
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:32:05
Moreover it all still applies that this is just stealing bitcoin.  Two people cannot SPEND the same bitcoin.  this is the idea of a private good.  Owning is just a simplification of the idea of benefits, but you don't receive benefits of bitcoin until you spend it.  When you do so, it's entirely private.
@_date: 2014-11-21 17:50:55
lol dude.  I don't need to convince you of the reality of economics.  You can choose to believe any sorts of things you can imagine.
@_date: 2014-09-07 16:04:33
wat?  Are you stupid?
You do know that's not true, right?  In theory, SHA256 encryption DEFINITELY has vulnerabilities that allow a malicious user to get find collisions.
I don't think you understand cryptography.  
These are some examples of the predecessor to SHA-2 (i.e. SHA256) being compromised.  This stuff happens all the time in cryptography, but SHA-2 has held up for a long time without anyone finding a method to subvert it.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:31:01
... Lolwat.  Are you actually retarded or are you just one of those sorts of people who will go to any length to back up the position that they stated at the beginning of a misguided argument?  I'm now starting to believe you are autistic, and taking pity on you, I'll stop being confrontational.  I know it only makes autistic people more stubborn.
Okay buddy.  :)  Excludability cannot function as you have described and still make sense for several reasons.  Instead of giving you reasons, I'm going to ELIAutist this shit.
Imagine a lighthouse.  This lighthouse (a typical example of a nonexcludable good) shines so that ships can come into port at night and in storms, okay?  :) :) :)  But it's nonexcludable because once turned on, it benefits every sailor out in the sea.  Are you still with me here?
Okay, so we now understand that lighthouses are nonexcludable goods even though you must own, purchase passage, or otherwise be on a ship to use it for its value-creating purpose.
I know your head is in pain, but it's okay.  Calm down.  Take a deep breath and continue to cognate for another few moments before you revert to whatever it is you normally do.
So bitcoin is nonexcludable because there is no entity who can restrict access to bitcoin once you have the machinery required to engage with the system.  This is called the fundamental "decentralization" of the protocol.  Even in your example (which I will now praise as A GOOD QUESTION, THERE ARE NO BAD QUESTIONS, OF COURSE THIS IS INTERESTING), bitcoin is not truly excludable because an agent with a stake in the system can publish transactions.  For example, a cartel with 99% of the hashing power can be rivaled by an entity that simply spends the USD (or other currency, like BTC or KSH [your national currency, I presume]) required to obtain an equal hashpower.
"What!?!?" you cry!  "BUT IT COSTS SO MUCH MONEY TO BUY HASHPOWER."  Yes little Aspie, this is indeed true.  In the science of economics, we call this a "rival good."  You must compete with other hashers to get a stake of the nonexcludable bitcoin good.  Remember up there earlier in the thread when I tried to talk to you about rivalry and you flailed your fat fingers at the keyboard in an Autistic rage?
@_date: 2014-04-04 04:22:46


What do you not understand about them not controlling the commodity of dollars?  They do not control when to make more dollar bills.  All they do is trade in securities like any other security traders, they're just backed by the government because their mission is stability instead of profit.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:34:18
I responded to someone else and threatened to edit my post to say "first" two times instead of just once.  In my OP I stated "first virtual private good." 
@_date: 2014-08-15 07:14:38


Yes, like greek currency, so strong
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:26:21
It's not about what's fair or right-- I happen to feel very much compassion for them and believe that stealing bitcoins is a moral wrong.
The relevant fact, that said, is that a thievery isn't "loss" of money.  It's just moving money around.
@_date: 2014-07-16 06:17:27
I think this read poorly.  Plenty of places that would be better of exchanging with a less common but well-understood word.
For example, the author clearly uses "computer letters" in place of the word "e-mail", simply because e-mail was not on the top word list.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:26:23


Ummm.  I don't think you know how insurance works...  .    .    .
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:30:05
Somewhere along the line, someone taught you to use the word "monopoly" like they taught us to use the word "fascist."
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:12:36
Yeah, which history is it that makes pacifism so dismissable?
Vietnam?  Trench warfare?  Or do you mean the Trail of Tears?  Let's see... wait, were you were talking about the civil war?
Because it seems like guns actually made all of those possible.
@_date: 2014-03-09 09:19:10
Bitcoin adjudicates by hashpower, everyone knows this.  It's not even a question.  It's said and done.  You want to know how a transaction is reversed?  51% of the network hashpower publishes an alternate chain in which that transaction has been reversed.  Said and done.
Good luck getting that to happen.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:20:02
Also, let me reiterate.  YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND ECONOMIC EXCLUDABILITY.
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:17:48
no, like..  that's **not at all** how any of this works dude.
I bet you can't give me one reason inflation happens in a completely free market, despite the fact that they are many.
@_date: 2014-02-03 23:00:16
Yeah, well.  They call it the dismal science for a reason, and it's not because people make predictions based on personal interest.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:12:21
Ahaha, you just used the word "shill" in a reddit conversation.  I hope you feel dirty-- please go shave the region 'twixt your mouth and your sternum.  ;)  Also, the fact that the "only accurate predictions from economists" you can remember are from the last 5 years clues me into the fact that you're silly.  Economists make tons of very accurate predictions all the time, such as "when prices increase, consumption falls," or "given a constant demand, an increase in supply will increase quantity consumed".  These are the sorts of things (my examples are simple, but they are built into complex models that you would very clearly not understand) that people like you miss out on because you consider economists to be "business forecasters," not "people who study economies."  If you think that such ideas are common sense, I'd like to refer you to a history book-- you can read about the economists who came before you, although you seem to clearly know how much smarter you are than those brilliant men.  :P
At any rate, you're wrong about the reference to the "dismal science."  The words were first used in relation to slavery, but it wasn't applied to economics until later.  Ahem.  "It is often stated that Carlyle gave economics the nickname "the dismal science" as a response to the late 18th century writings of The Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus, who grimly predicted that starvation would result as projected population growth exceeded the rate of increase in the food supply.[2][3] Carlyle did indeed use the word 'dismal' in relation to Malthus' theory in his essay Chartism (1839)."
At any rate, you're merely one of a number of the uneducated, teeming masses that react emotionally to the study of economies because it has financial impact on your narrow life.  Peace, dude.
@_date: 2015-05-03 20:56:39
to circumvent the state's control of currency is, in no sense, anarchocapitalistic.  Any monetary system is compatible with capitalism.  any monetary system is compatible with anarchism.
Some are more or less capable of achieving certain tasks (fungibility, storage of value, et cetera), and bitcoin is just a monetary system that does that without the need of the government to correct an externality (i.e. the external costs imparted on a society by counterfeiters).  it is in this sense more efficient, not because we get rid of the government with it... but because the government doesn't need to officiate money if we use it, just like they no longer need to officiate every single mail delivery because email exists.
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:13:04
Nope.  Costs remain the same.  Doesn't work that way.
Revenue might halve if price remains constant, I think that's what you mean.
Costs = fixed costs + variable costs.  Unless more miners join the network, variable costs don't increase.  Fixed costs don't change.  More than likely, costs actually decrease with the halvening as people drop out of the market and temporarily decrease the difficulty.
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:15:34
Not trying to be a dick, but MtGox is not and was never thought of as being equivalent to a "bitcoin bank."  It's not to say that it's your fault you lost 221 BTC, because that blame truly could only lie with others...  But we can say that you very obviously didn't protect your wealth.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:36:05
Taxes are actually easier to levy in a purely bitcoin world, despite what the libertarians say.  More importantly, believing that advocating bitcoin will destroy governments is patently silly.
@_date: 2014-05-29 18:06:45
Correct, you don't get them.
@_date: 2014-07-02 05:30:02


Wat.  What in the everloving fuck does this have to do with excludability?  Just shut the fuck up.  
@_date: 2014-04-04 02:26:27
... you are bad and should feel bad
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:20:54
God damn it, I wasn't even going to post in this thread but your inane blabbing convinced me. 
Dude, the FED CAN'T DECIDE TO PRINT MONEY.
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:25:20
That's my entire thesis, dude... That it is, at the very least, a tangible link.  You're basically saying that "with enough secrecy, Satoshi Nakamoto could use his real name and not be discovered."  But he practiced that level of security, and according to what you're trying to say... he did get caught.
@_date: 2014-08-19 20:59:27
You know that Satoshi Nakamoto said using the same blockchain for different projects was stupid, right?  And wanted people to do these things with new blockchains?  Right?
@_date: 2014-12-17 01:19:20
I'll chalk that one down on the board as a "yes".
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:58:50


Uh.  Except everyone in a huge market.


.. right, because "[a] big crash of the financial system" involves apocolyptic stocking.  Just like in 2008, remember when we had a big crash of the financial system and all the smart people were "gathering food and supplies"?


That's because it's against the credit card terminal's terms of use, you fuckwit.  Merchants aren't allowed to do this if they want to accept CCs at all.
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:04:55
I've become more and more convinced by the gag-order theory over time...
@_date: 2014-07-02 19:57:34
6.5 cents?  Visa fees are around 25 cents at the minimum.
@_date: 2014-05-21 19:16:16
I wasn't particularly trying to reference anything other than the actual definition of "conjoin."  Indeed, in English, we call "it's" a contraction.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:04:41
You should read less into it, because you clearly sound like a bagholder.
@_date: 2014-03-12 08:47:23
Gonna piggyback on this comment to say that it's probably less than this.  To figure out how much a tax burden (essentially what this is) on a consumer's cost for a good, you must know how elastic the demand is for that good.  The demand for bitcoin (at a given price) is extremely inelastic in the short term (no one will buy regulated BTC for 1014 dollars if they can get it for 1000 elsewhere), and that's what matters for exchanges.
Essentially what I'm saying is that most likely, a US-based exchange has to offer competitive fees and eat the 14% increase in operating costs directly from their profit.
@_date: 2014-11-21 02:35:51
I suggest you read the link that I posted.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:42:51
Two things indicate that you know nothing about bitcoin.
The first is the notion you presented that a "mining cartel" could embargo transactions involving the coins.  Why in the everliving fuck would this matter?  The US Government can mine their own transactions, fuck.  More importantly, they could just up the fees, and a miner would accept.  That's called a free market.
More importantly, the general idea behind Bitcoin is that its use cannot be restricted in any sense whatsoever.  To have a bunch of miners come together and decide not to process a single entity's transactions would be tantamount to ruining the entire purpose of Bitcoin; it would become centrally authorized.
Going to go ahead and toss this out here: dummy.
@_date: 2014-07-02 19:10:24
Yeah, you're a fucking idiot.  You didn't mention excludability because you still don't even understand what we're talking about.
Bitcoin is a rival, nonexclusive public good.  Now shut the fuck up and read something somewhere.
@_date: 2015-05-04 14:54:28


a call you're certainly qualified to make.  so smrt.
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:18:07
If I were meeting with Central Bankers, I would pitch to them the competitive advantage of being among the first countries to provide a hospitable climate for bitcoin-related businesses.  A "locate here, regulations won't bite you" policy would attract a lot of capital at the moment.  There's really nothing to be feared in this situation by the Mexican government.  Cartels are the largest industry in Mexico most likely, and I can't believe that Bitcoin will be harder to extract taxes from than Cartels.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:29:48
Not really.  You can rebroadcast a 0-fee transaction with a fee if it gets stuck, it's very easy to get the coins back.
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:47:22
There are also no economic profiteers if you assume perfect competition....
And there we run into the idea that you apparently haven't grasped.  Rivalry exists nowhere in perfection.  Ip addresses are nonrival by definition because the consumption of the benefits from one ip address does not preclude the consumption of benefits by any next consumer.  If they were limited in denomination this would not be the case.  If you don't agree, you don't understand.  I see no reason to continue a conversation in this fashion with someone who is clearly unlearned regarding the actual definitions of the classification being debated and has no desire to be otherwise.  Take it up with your prof if you don't like the way the books read, dude, not me.  They are the guys that get paid to explain these things repeatedly.
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:54:14


Da fuq are you talking about.  This is the statement I was replying to... suggesting that this fellow should choose NewEgg.
Fucking schizophrenics.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:53:21
Example: a car is very close to the definition of a private good.  Paintings can be viewed by any number of people at a time.  Statues are the same, which means neither is a private good.
None of those things are virtual.  I don't understand where you were going with this.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:45:33
It's not about concern, it's about the way that things are.  It is concerning that thievery happens, but the cost of implementing something like you've described is a cost that fundamentally compromises how bitcoin works.  People use bitcoin because it's permanently recorded and will be theirs no matter what a bank, regulator, or yes-- government-- says about it-- that's the appeal, in one sense.  It's decentralized, so it is truly yours.
Something might be imposed upon bitcoin, but it won't be a modification to the protocol.  That would be ridiculous.  Do you understand what I mean by that?  There's a difference between the government insuring your bitcoin in exchange for taxes, and the government modifying the source code to bitcoin.  (Note that they literally could not modify the btc code unless they controlled or convinced 51% of the network to do so.)
The process that I described (using a new blockchain) would only be used in extreme circumstances.  For example, a fork occurs maliciously in which attackers gained control of the blockchain.  What happens then?  You mine a new blockchain that forks before their fork, and their transactions are reversed.  The NSA suddenly is shown to have the majority of hashpower?  Switch to a new algorithm and fork the network.  This is what such a situation would call for, but "Mt. Gox stole coins" is not that drastic.
@_date: 2014-11-21 02:27:09


Nope.  You don't get it.  I'll illustrate why.  Let's pretend exactly what you say happens.






Do you see where this is going?  For any decrease in P, the marginal production of bitcoin for an efficient miner rises proportionately to the number of people who drop out of the game.  Because bitcoin is a zero-sum game between miners on an interval, there is no change on the aggregate in costs, because costs are (bitcoin price * bitcoin per interval - electricity + fixed costs).
You're mistaking the case for "individual miners will face increase costs" for the case "miners as a whole face increase costs" and that's where you went awry.  The only miners who experience increase costs are those below the "efficiency" median at the time of the supply-halving.
Edit: you may also not be supplementing this conversation with the assumption: "all miners are rational, and at the point at which their total revenues exceed the sum of their variable costs, they will unplug machines".
@_date: 2014-07-22 10:04:50
Deilliterate myself?  Coming from the mouth of a man who picks the phrase "deilliterate" rather than "make literate".  At any rate...
Speaking of literacy, I see you have none of the economic variety.  You can't call gold "money" and then justify it by talking about its practical uses.  Fucking retard.
@_date: 2015-05-03 21:52:59
**emergent order** does not imply government.
organization definitionally implies government.  The bitcoin core client is coded government.  The U.S. government is analog government with different rules carried out by humans instead of nodes.
@_date: 2014-05-29 18:29:53
No, but that's what consecutively mined orphan blocks would look like.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:31:39
I'm comfortable with the odds because I'm literally positive that I am correct.  A thorough understanding of the concepts involved would lead you to agree; it's the sort of statement like "a square has four sides and all of its interior angles sum to 360".
The fact that bitcoin is a private good is analytically true.
Edit: for angles. Too much tri in mine.
@_date: 2014-09-07 14:53:24
I think this is probably a typo and the author meant "illiquid" to be honest.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:06:23


I hope you realize this is one **philosophical** description of "a government" in the same way that "soul-inhabited animals" is one philosophical description of "persons".
it may be analytically true (much like souls may or may not be analytically possible), but you don't get to claim these things for free.  Instead of arguing about this, you essentially just shout it out.  a bit like a chimpanzee who can talk.  and is frustrated with being told what to do.
Watch me create a philosophical description **directly in contrast.** "Violence is not a resource, thus a government cannot have a monopoly on it."  Oh look.  My redefinition of the way governments interact with regulations of violence is nothing like yours.  Is it more correct?
Who the fuck knows, but certainly not you if you're going to keep on acting like this.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:59:49
No, not easier.  Bitcoin is incredibly easy to use, or do you not agree?
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:31:18
... No.  I just explained the fact that they are never, by design, supposed to be rival at all.  We're done here, I don't think you've read the definitions I suggested.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:03:48
How could you possibly missuse the word weary?
I feel very weary today, so I'll put on some clothes?
Man, snorting this cocaine makes me so weary?
I heard the cops are looking for you, be weary?
@_date: 2014-03-08 22:45:57
Lolwat?  You retard, I admitted freely that the NSA violates privacy.  I'm merely trying to shatter your naive illusion that you can do anything about it, you fuckwit.
Also, I actually lol'd at the passage "They do stuff on their own. They run "programs" that compile and index "data" without human interaction and emotions like 'care'"....
Tell me, what is your alternative?  Programs that gently index people's private lives, making sure to document care and love?  AHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.   HAHAHA.  You just criticized the NSA's data-collection because it didn't index care.  LOL.
@_date: 2015-05-03 21:00:00
yes.  All forms of property ownership must needs be regulated.  This implies governmental structure of one sort or another, and anarchocapitalists' misunderstanding of the word "anarchy" merges with their misunderstanding of "capitalism" to horrible ends.
@_date: 2014-06-18 03:18:09
I can give you some ways around that (without changing the model) if you're curious.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:56:46
Close, but I'd say that what is conferred is an intangible asset.  It's much like the way that the government hands out carbon receipts to companies, and they can trade them and things to pollute more or less.  What they're buying isn' pollution or carbon, it's the intangible right to pollute with their capital, and it's secured by an organized trading framework.
In the same way the taxi token gives you the intangible right to taxi with your capital [the capital you may or may not possess].  Bitcoin **is** capital, which is why I think it's so interesting.
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:46:35
You don't believe in utopia, but yet you're somehow inclined to believe that a world without government is more utopic than the one in which we live.  The reality of the situation is that the world is a shitty place where shitty things happen, and sometimes, you need an authority to clean up the mess.
You are laboring under the assumption that no authority figure can ever be benign, while accusing the opposition of being wrong because they believe that authority is benign.  You don't see the irony in both positions?
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:02:56
no, if you had the reading skills of the pubescent, you'd note that I make several legitimate points (which are made legitimate not by my levying them but by the political philosophers who I am echoing).
but that's not the case, so let's go on.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:36:15
It's not virtual either.
@_date: 2014-06-26 07:29:16
Man.  In the last ~5 years, this phrase-- "right to initiate violence"-- has really been tossed about.  Are you even interested in having a philosophical discussion about the affair?
If 20 people get together and decide that 5 people amongst themselves may use force when the other 15 allow it, do the 5 monopolize force?  What if in this system they're the ONLY people allowed to use force?  Is this a monopoly? 
I don't know about you, but I see some serious problems there, and they aren't with the system of government.  :p  They're with the word "monopoly" because it literally in no way applies.
@_date: 2014-12-17 10:12:03
You're simply wrong, I don't know what more to say.  A good isn't rival unless crowding is present.  A rival good is always completely crowded.  If you don't understand this simple statement you don't understand rivalry in definition.
Ip addresses are not rival like a park is not rival.  No one can ever consume the exact same location of a park just like no one can ever consume the exact same ip address.  The point is that ip addresses as a good are never rival because they are never crowded just like parks-- but, perhaps, for the fourth of july.  Unless you can explain why this is not the case, I'll proceed to assume you don't understand rivalry as a concept.
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:26:11
that's not a bad comparison.  My only point would be that it seems to be a representative token to a real asset (i.e. the taxi right).
@_date: 2014-05-29 18:06:08
Right, because Chinese internet is worse than American internet.
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:19:10
I'm ninety three years old, I don't know how that classifies as young.
@_date: 2014-10-04 16:18:17
Libertards don't see past their doorsteps; you aren't going to convince this guy. 
@_date: 2015-05-03 20:52:36
hypothetical question...
does knowing how to spell "improve" exclude you from anarchocapitalistic thought?
@_date: 2014-06-18 01:57:54
You can legally use Dogecoin in the name.  There is no dogecoin copyright.
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:40:11
Before I offer an explanation, consider this: all players in games are assumed to be rational actors, and rational actors act in their best interest.  There's a possibility that GI/o is acting irrationally, but let's just dismiss the idea on the rationale that they probably wouldn't have become the dominant mining pool if they were operating at sub-efficiency relative to other pools.
So here's the explanation.  Bitcoin mining is like fighting over pieces of pie; for every block, the miners scrabble for the slice, and the winner takes all.  So what is the GI/o service?  It is comprised of three main things:
Hosted mining,
0% pool mining,
Asset exchange (pegged to hosted mining)
They make money from people trading assets, right?  And they make money on the hosted mining, right?
So tell me this: if you are getting free hashpower (i.e. they use hosting fees to cover the costs of mining, but don't pay out the full value of mined coins to the hosted customers), what possible drawback is there in letting other people come to your pool and prop up the free hashpower you're getting?
Understand?  It's a pool dude.  GI/o pays nothing to mine, and many people come help them get a reliable number of blocks.
Although no one knows for sure what the internal economics of their firm are, I've heard speculation that they also make a majority of their money from the fees of share exchange.  This adds an incentive to let people mine at 0% fees.
@_date: 2014-08-20 17:38:41
In the Bitcoin whitepaper and also on several posts on Bitcointalk.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:19:25


But that's the thing; market forces don't eradicate all problems.  There are many classic examples of this, but I think racism serves as a fine one.  There is an underproduction of equity because human tendencies themselves support racism.
@_date: 2014-11-19 01:36:08
I can sooooooort of answer the upstream polluter question, although I don't necessarily agree with all my own answers.  I'll offer what a modern economics textbook would say though (based on the Coase theorem).
So basically you have private property right infringement in two directions here.  A) The upstream polluter is infringing on the downstream polluter's clean-water-rights.  B) The downstream polluter is infringing on the rights of the upstream polluter by demanding the cessation of polluting.  After all, if he owned the land truly, he would be free to do whatever he wanted to it.
Let's pretend the value of clean water to the downstream guy is $100.
Let's pretend the company upstream saves $100 by polluting.
The downstream polluter can now pay the upstream polluter to stop polluting.  He loses $100 in value (the money he paid), gains $100 in value (the clean water).  The upstream polluter loses $100 in value (he cannot pollute any more) but gains $100 in value too (the money paid).
You can switch it around too and have the polluter pay the guy downstream to keep polluting.
Now what happens if the value of polluting to the polluter is $1,000,000 and the small farmer down the stream loses value worth $10,000 from his stream now being dirty?
Well, in this case, it may be a more efficient decision to do nothing.  After all, the company is gaining $1,000,000 in utility from being able to pollute.  Even if you subtract the $10,000 dollars that the downstream farmer loses, this is still **a net benefit of society in the order of $990,000**.  If you assume that the owner of the company and the farmer are morally equal individuals, then it's irrelevant *who* benefits so long as there is a net benefit to society.  If there are 100 farmers downstream, though, each with 10,000 in utility when there is a clean stream and 0 with a polluted stream, then we're back to the original example.  These guys can in theory band together, pay $1,000,000 to the company, and everyone is better off (the company loses 0 in value and the farmers lose 0 in value while the stream is now clean too).
Note that these sorts of solutions don't require the intervention of any authority like the government.
Edit: this all assumes there is no true ownership of the "stream itself," because its water moves from private-property to private-property.  If one dude owned the entire stream and everyone paid him to use it, this would be a different conversation.
Doubleedit: the reason I don't agree with all of this mostly is because I don't believe in private property rights *vis-a-vis* land.  All ownership of land eventually boils down to a sort of terrestrial moonlanding, in which one party sticks down a flag and says "f1rst."  This bears no particular relationship with an efficient-allocation schema as far as economics are concerned, so asking Coase how the distribution process of owned land should work is a shitshow IMO.  [Yes yes, all land has a market value and should be efficiently allocated therein, but the way that changing resource demands function along with the perfectly inelastic supply of land makes this also a shitshow of a reply.]
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:26:23
Please, try to give an economist more ill definitions of economic terms.  I am truly amused.
No, really.  I'm serious.  Please define some more economic terms for me.
In all honesty you are making a huge error in treating bitcoin as a combination of labor market (miners) and consumer market (users).  It's a currency (or a stock or some hybrid value exchanger) and it doesn't actually work that way.
But really, I'd like to hear more.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:45:27
agorism isn't hard to understand.  Neither is capitalism, fascism, or rastafarianism.
what you continually prove is that this isn't the case for all of us though.
@_date: 2014-05-04 20:58:30
I don't need to explain why, because thousands of more intelligent people have already done that for me.
Note that the only correlation that we see here is a decrease in the severity of recessions and a decrease in the volatility of expansions after the Federal Reserve was established (the intention).
The funny thing about the swill spewed by people like is that they're actually disproving themselves and they don't realize it.  Mises was a hack, widely regarded as a contrarian folk-economist.
@_date: 2014-12-16 05:52:20
Sort of.  The rivalry is also an important factor.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:58:31
no, it is.
@_date: 2014-06-04 05:29:14
It's bunk with or without the history.
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:37:46
As for Gilen's flatline proving what the Libertarians say, I also happen to agree with that assessment. I don't consider myself Libertarian, but I have read Libertarian theory regarding this and I believe you have a basic misunderstanding about how they see society functioning. It's important for people to internalize the cost of social decisions, but those decisions must also not be forced upon your fellow man. Otherwise it's no longer internal. The non aggression principle is very clear on that. As well as that competition is an important element of rule enforcement. When you force your rules upon the entirety of society, it drives out competition for your rules.
I don't think you understood my post.  I am appealing to basic economic principles of internalization and externalization, and this paragraph makes me doubt that you're on the same page as me here.
To "[force a decision] upon your fellow man" is an external process.  I claimed that the libertarian hypothesis is that all decisions both social and fiscal must be entirely internalized to the individual, which means that you can't.. ahem.  "[force a decision] upon your fellow man," because you are propogating external costs.
This is of course a very silly hypothesis because also demands that there be no such thing as consumer surpluses, only producer surplus, which retards an economy for easy reasons.
@_date: 2014-06-04 20:43:55
What are you even talking about with those numbers...?  Da fuq?  Show me a daytrader with 10,000% margins over 20 years with no losing years...  I don't even know what you're talking about.
More importantly it doesn't fucking matter you retard.  You can have the same odds in a coinflip competition-- the point is that it's luck, not your own skill, determining who wins.
Poker is a game of skill, not a game of luck.  You think "trading is no different," but I'm here to tell you that you're a fucking. retard.  The best daytraders in the world have 49% odds in the longrun; they use strategies like money-market mutual funds to alleviate the risk of losses (they don't lose their own money when they lose) but still make a profit in the long run (they still take a commission on winnings).
@_date: 2015-05-08 20:24:21
More importantly it just doesn't make any sense, what you're saying.  The cart is before the horse if you start thinking about government in terms of elected bodies.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:48:23
Sorry, I'm still in junior high, I wouldn't know anything about highschool.  But being a twelve year old, I would know not to put my entire fortune on a website called "magic the gathering online exchange" and then act floored when the owner absconded with my cash.
Satoshi Dice?  Yes, because it isn't trivial to track large sums of money flowing through Satoshi Dice, completely absolutely trivial.  It's totally not that at all.  And Satoshidice doesn't totally keep permanent database backups that record all incoming and outgoing bets.  Probably not.  Definitely not.  Right?
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:30:38
The most mind-blowing thing about the Bitcoin community, to me, is that they are fairly politically informed people yet they still all seem to believe that the Federal Reserve has the authority to print and distribute money.  It can only control the money supply through FOMC action-- open-market (see here: FREE MARKET) operations like adjusting inter-bank loan interest rates, or buying/selling securities (like BITCOIN, theoretically).
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:03:39
Or anyone that wants to.  Power is power; if the powerful elements of today's society wanted marijuana legal, it would be.  If the powerful people of tomorrow's ancap world want marijuana to be illegal, it will be.  They simply have to offer more utility to a majority who comports with their law than the utility gained by the marijuana smokers, and the majority will rule, and the majority can excersize as much tyranny as they wish in concert.
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:13:11
No, it isn't.  It's a rhetorical question.
Suppose society converges on such an opinion.  Who enforces this: 


Personal rights are a notion that have been in flux since the beginning of time.  So, answer me: if slavery is against personal rights, and you believe that an ancap society is ideal, how does it prevent a 75% majority from enacting a change to the definition of personal rights (i.e. slavery)?
@_date: 2014-03-11 21:35:36
Not really?  I'm speaking in economic terms about specific types of monopolies.  Would you like me to link you along so that you can read?
Edit: instead of being condescending, I'll just provide an example.  Arizona is the only state that has Unobtanium deposits in the United States: the Arizona firm who owns the land with deposits has a geographic monopoly.
Unobtanium deposits everywhere, but the government creates a law stating that unobtanium mining is only legal in Arizona.  This means that the largest Arizona firm now has a worldwide monopoly on unobtanium.
Patent-monopoly: I invent Durasteel, patent it, and the gun insdustry is replaced with 100% durasteel products... I have a patented monopoly.
I invent durasteel, which competes with mythril, a competitor's patented product.  Suddenly the Government imposes a tax on mythril, and dura-steel becomes the only economically efficient gun-producing metal.  This is a regulation-induced monopoly.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:10:50
So what happens in an anarchist society when, say, 75% of people agree to collude to punish everyone who breaks a particular rule?
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:35:24


lol, this sounds a lot not like monopoly to me
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:49:02
I think you aren't using "short bitcoin" the same way that everyone else is... ;)
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:30:52
Why exactly would you hope that?
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:13:52
So majoritarian slavery is okay?
@_date: 2015-05-04 14:53:49


sure it is, it's just worthless,  Get the fuck out of here and stop proselytizing.
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:16:29
The whole "monopoly on the use of force" is bullshit, I am sorry.  It's a really stupid idea to apply the model of monopoly to the use of force, which isn't a natural resource or a service but rather a thing that anyone can produce at all times.
For example, a clear reason that the model doesn't work: you may shoot police officers if they break into your house without announcing themselves.
Another example: if you murder someone, a jury of your PEERS decides whether or not you are to be punished, not the government.
Yet another example: the use of force is permissible by individuals who are acting under the mantle of the law but are not agents of the government (i.e. see a citizen's arrest).
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:39:38
what?  That's "democratically arranged government."  What could possibly make this distinction definitional of "Being Government?"
@_date: 2014-04-14 04:43:21
Dude, are you fucking stupid?  Troll post?  My post denied exactly the reasons you claim I'm 'trolling:'  the FEDERAL RESERVE HAS NO MONOPOLY ON US BILLS.  They do not control when they are printed.  They cannot print more dollars to inject into the economy in times of stress.  They only operate in the open market.
The U.S. treasury, limited by congress, makes all decisions related to when to print dollars to use for stimulus.  The Federal Reserve NEVER makes this decision.  The Treasury has a monopoly on the production of U.S. dollars, and no other agency (as is obvious in the classification of monopoly).
Do you want sources?
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:38:12
Right, so you're not going to actually answer my question?
So let's say that 90% of people support the slave trade.  Is it okay in a libertarian society to have slaves because my neighbors will return them when they run away (being slave owners themselves)?
Of course taking slaves violates the central premise to the notion of legitimate use of force. But clearly, if 90% of people say the use of force is legitimate, it is so.
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:33:36
a guy up there just claimed that the state, and only the state, has been capable of mass murder, genocide, etc. in the past.
conveniently ignoring that hemoglobin also played a crucial role.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:06:40
some things merit not acknowledgement.
@_date: 2016-01-29 06:38:53
Of course many will believe this is a terrible thing, but in reality, it gives us a great ground on which to test some economic predictions.
Namely, such a change ought to (ceteris paribus) incentivize spending and consumption in Japan; these sorts of things should be visible in terms of indicators.
Also, for all you economic conservatives, remember that this also incentivizes **investment** rather than *saving.*  For that reason, it should increase the capital available to private firms, and all that trickle down stuff.
Of course, capital flight, etc.  Like I said, now we get to see **which effects (good and bad) dominate**.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:08:13
wat.  You're patently dumb.  I'm not going to sit around and argue econ with some idiot who can't be bothered to even remotely understand the concept of nonexcludability.  Your objection essentially amounts to: "air is an excludable good because if I have a gun I can kill you."  It's simply makes no sense economically.  You're just ranting emotional nonsense about what a government or group could do to a rival, nonexcludable system to make it rival and excludable.
Religious?  I don't even hold bitcoin you fucktard; my short-temper and potty mouth are a testament to your autism, and a discredit to myself for deigning to speak with you.  jesus christ.
@_date: 2014-07-02 19:34:32
Yeah, you don't annex from a state...  I think you're confused about that word.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:43:57
listen, you keep saying things like "in my eyes," or "I have issue".
the cold and unfortunate reality is that *no one cares.* People care what you have to say, but not when you present your opinion.  Argue for factual things, like whether or not it's possible to arrange society in this way or that way, whether or not one way works better, whether or not the goalposts of better are on this side of the field or that, et cetera.  There's so many things that can be discussed without resorting to base instincts about what's good and bad (**because no such thing exists**).
@_date: 2016-01-28 20:01:55
SaltyMiso: please inform me how you attempted to solve the significant problems associated with multicollinearity and rather significant nonendogenaeity associated with these markets?
I ask because I currently work on just such a project as yours.
@_date: 2016-01-29 06:39:59
Ah I believed this was your article.
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:28:33
WoW can arbitrarily make more.  Thus it is not rivalrous in nature, only in practice.  Bitcoin is intrinsically rival, which makes it a private good, not a good with rivalrous properties.
@_date: 2016-01-29 07:33:25
This isn't international action, so I haven't the foggiest idea what you're talking about... It's domestic action.
More importantly, why would they invest?  Because saving has become more expensive.  The argument here is that consumers are **marginally** (do you know what that means?) more likely to consume with **marginally** decreased saving bonuses.  We really just don't know how that works yet in practice because economics can't test much.
@_date: 2016-11-08 03:52:24
@_date: 2016-02-04 15:01:47
Please give me your honest opinion why a wealthy individual would put cash under their mattress as opposed to investing and/or spending it?  Namely the investing bit.
It's *savings* that take a hit, not yields.  The bank becomes a service where you pay to store your money instead of getting money for storing it there, and diverting capital into the hands of bankers.
@_date: 2015-11-26 02:13:36
Dollars are definitionally not fungible.  However the reason doesn't have to do with government monopolies (much like most things politically relevant to economics- hear me you "theorists" with delusions of gold-standard-grandeur?!?!?!? [Sorta j/k]).  It's because each dollar is defined by the government as a share of the total intrinsic value of the U.S. economy; each one is a specific share, and they can print more or less, which just like shares of a company devalue the rest of the previously demarcated shares.  Each dollar is a serial number and each one is virtually *redeemable* from the U.S. government for value (since you cannot redeem it for any other commodities any more from the government itself without involving a third party, you must think a bit abstractly here), but itself has no intrinsic value.
However, if you dig up gold from the ground, the real value of all the previous gold plus the new gold is higher than the original sum.  If you  print dollars, the total real value that all dollars represent is the same before and after you print (this is the basic idea behind monetary policy actually - the idea is that you can't change the value of the system by extracting or adding dollars to it, since each one is a representative token of proportional value. Instead, by adding money or adjusting interest rates (essentially doing the same as printing or destroying money), you can still alter the total overall short-run incentives of the system and ameliorate the harsh ups-and-downs one normally finds in an exponentially growing equilibrium function exhibiting random - step behavior.
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:40:23
People don't usually levy their own lack of reading comprehension *against* others.
@_date: 2015-03-18 15:14:48
But I can see how you're past the point of no return if you pull


Out of...


@_date: 2015-03-24 17:46:34
P.S. by the way, do you know the difference between a public good and an exclusionary good?
Because Ostrom wasn't really working with public goods, she was working with excludable nonrival goods.  In fact excludability is the first condition of an Ostrom equilibrium....
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:39:18
The fuck are you talking about?  Elinor Ostrom?  Dude, that's not what you think it is.  She didn't prove "that decentralized systems can handle so called public goods better than centralized structures."  She outlined an efficiency condition marked by collective action... Lindahl Equilibria were discovered as a similar condition a long time ago, this isn't anything mindblowing.
What you clearly don't understand (especially given the way that you used the phrase "so called public goods," as if they were some sort of artifact of statist economics or something, lol) is the economics behind the affair.  Just because there exist equilibria of public good distribution other than governmental does not mean that a decentralized system "can handle so called public goods better than centralized structures," because there are a bunch of conditions which must be met in order to establish Ostromian-type equilibrium just like there must be certain conditions met to meet a Lindahl Equilibrium.  In the case that these are not met (SEE: MANY PUBLIC GOODS), there are alternate forms of distribution that in principle could work better.
Fuck it though, dude, you don't even care about the science of money, you're on a normative kick.
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:38:43
I don't think you know what a "public good" is.  I'm really not trying to condescend but this is why I hate getting in internet conversations about economics.  People try to argue about it the same way people horse trade about the qualities of a dish; is it too salty or sweet?
It's not like that.  A public good has a very specific definition: it's both nonrival and nonexcludable.  This means that the consumption of one unit does not take away another possible unit from everyone else (that's the nonrivalry) and it means that it's not possible to collect payment equal to the marginal benefit of the good (that's the nonexclusion).


Yes, everywhere.  Air, horizons, and an ocean are examples.


Fire departments are not public goods, they are perfectly excludable (they can collect payment in taxes or fees) and they are rival (there's a limited number of fires that can be simultaneously put out, limited by available firemen.  that's rival.).


Yes, that is definitionally true of public goods.  That's called the tragedy of the commons.  It's an age-old notion that the current paradigm of economics can explain just fine.
@_date: 2015-03-25 20:27:56
puns, they say, are the lowest form of humor.
@_date: 2015-03-25 20:36:00
Except the police can't even break into the core client's "wallet encryption" feature unless they already compromised your device.
Most people have their wallet.dat encrypted.  The real problem is malicious spying that intercepts the keys to encryption during or before the encryption process.  If the police get their hands on a wallet.dat file that is encrypted with a standard core client password (of suitable length), there is **virtually no chance** that they can "drain [the] wallet".
An unencrypted wallet stored in within a password-protected Windows folder is too much for the police to break through, in fact.
@_date: 2015-03-24 04:31:07
Are you even serious dude?  :/
Your shit reads like a poor parody.  "There is a public goods problem inherent to the masses organizing against political power and special interest. . ."
Yeah dude, a free market underproduces public goods and overconsumes goods with external costs.  This has been known about the free market for a long time.  It's also been known for a long time that the government stepping in and allocating public goods is in principle about as efficient as "collective action," because while the government's redistribution of wealth has a negative effect on productivity (that is balanced out by the positive provision of public goods), collective action underproduces due to several reasons (namely that economies of scale are harder to achieve, and that there is always a larger amount of "collection" when marginal benefits are captured by the paying party [which in the case of the government is no one, so it's not a problem]).
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:03:07
wat.  You're not even reading what I've typed.  Keynes did not care about interest rates.  He cared about real employment and consumption...
I think you're mixing up your propaganda.
@_date: 2015-03-10 08:33:01


Someone doesn't know the difference between *a priori* and *a posteriori*, and it's not me.


Someone also doesn't understand money theory.  If this were true then bitcoin would have zero real economic value, which each unit does actually possess in the form of value hedging, leverage, and denomination.
@_date: 2015-03-18 15:35:52
You're not addressing the actual accusation you levied at Keynes, which was that he believed inflating the money supply helped with a recession.  Reduction of interest rates is not "monetary policy."  You don't know what those words mean.  Monetary policy is a method by which you achieve the reduction of interest rates (changes to the money supply).
You're going to keep spitting out uneducated nonsense, though, so I suggest you just let the issue drop.
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:33:11
Someone lacks a notion of factor input costs.
@_date: 2015-03-10 08:30:27
Do you actually believe that John Maynard Keynes believed people weren't going to spent saved money later?
The brilliance in this subreddit as regards economics is always, always impressive.  (Literally.  It makes quite the impression.)
@_date: 2015-03-18 15:10:13
Just as a heads up, a rightward supply shift (what you are describing) does not induce deflation.  Deflation requires falling total price levels, not falling input price levels...
@_date: 2015-03-24 04:25:39
Yeah, that's what I thought, that was a good time to bow out of this convo.
@_date: 2015-03-18 15:12:53
Keynes said that the government forces people to spend by inflating the money supply?
You realize that monetarism (the school of economic thought you're talking about) is different than Keynsianism, right?  They're two completely different schools with opposing notions about how to exert economic change.
Milton Friedman, a free-market bro like you presumably, invented it.  Not Keynes...
@_date: 2015-03-10 08:58:22
It literally, in the truest sense, is not.  The relevant economic facts here are the idea of a Marginal Propensity to Consume (that each individual decides on themselves) versus a Marginal Propensity to Save.  During times of recession, the propensity of individuals to save goes up.  This means that in order to achieve the same level of GDP, the government must spend more themselves (in the form of public programs) or initiate tax cuts (just like you libertards fucking love) so that people have extra money to spend (because if the MPC is .5 and drops to .25, a doubling of disposable income means the same level of consumption in the economy).
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:03:18
Yeah dude, that you're retarded.
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:22:37


You know that "you're" is a contraction for "you are," right?
you just tried to call me retarded by saying "it is you are retarded".