@_author: a_scourge
@_date: 2014-12-13 22:17:43


If you get mugged, and the guy as he is going to leave with all your money, says "here's some of your money, so you can still take the bus home", is it really stealing catch it as her throw is at you?
Because the question of whether taxes are a form of violent theft is a valid one. And you have to understand that for those of us who think it IS a form of violent theft (science is your friend here: just stop paying them and see what happens. I certainly wouldn't dare), then it's not theft to recuperate some of what was stolen from us.
Btw, I'm not a teen. I've believed taxes are theft, war is murder, serving the state is bad religion and inflation is abuse and oppression which hurts EVERYONE in the long run since I was, but I'm now 31, own a very successful business producing value for big-name clients. If you do get annoyed by us though, please try reading Rothbard, Mises, John Pugsley etc because you clearly haven't.
@_date: 2014-12-14 14:03:48


Ok, the IRS doesn't hit you over the head with a baseball bat, so it's not violent. So how about you give your address in the reply, and tell anyone (including myself, and anyone I want to hire) they can come over once a year and get 20-50% of what you made.
It won't be violent. We (or my hired thugs) will simply threaten you with kidnapping only IF you fail to comply. And they will only beat you over the head IF you fail to comply with the kidnapping.
Sorry man, you're never going to convince me that taxes aren't violent. And the whole apartment building thing: I don't choose to imagine anything. I live in reality. I don't live under any such social contract, unlike anyone who signs a contract to live in an apartment building. Who, by the wait, should be prosecuted if they fail to pay rent according to the terms of their contract.
@_date: 2014-12-13 22:30:23
Dude you have my sympathies. I'm an anarchist, and yes, I am in total agreement that revolutions suck. Violence sucks.
The only people in the world which are against violence, by gangs, criminals, protesters, police, military, Russians, Americans are anarchists.
Don't let your experience within a terrible horrible revolution affect your understanding of what anarchists want. None of us want what has happened to Ukraine. Not even the protests.
@_date: 2014-12-03 11:15:23
Sorry, I meant gittip. Which right now uses credit cards and fiat money, but is nonetheless interesting. They are already operating a 100% open company, which is a bit of a trial run for how DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organizations) will work. [Gratipay]( is the first example, it was renamed from gittip. The founder has started the [Open Company Initiative]( Gratipay is just a way to pay others who do ... anything. That helps and benefits you. Who knows if it might be a middle path between socialism and invoice and collect capitalism?
Opentxs: Opentransactions has a killer feature, which is Ricardian contracts. One of the first applications of this is being able to exchange currencies using decentralized, federated, networked exchanges. Elliminating stupid points of failure like MTGOX (it's retarded that the biggest problem so far with crypocurrencies has been a technical issue of basic architecture and scalability). But opentransactions will allow for so much more as well. For instance, openbazaar uses the idea of ricardian contracts. As will many others. May a million currencies bloom.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:50:28
* Bitnation
* Bittip (which is not the same as changetip)
* opentxs (obviously)
@_date: 2014-12-13 22:26:06


I do think about what I am saying. You clearly do not. Go back and look at all the countries with poor quality of life, which you think is because of their lack of state. Then learn some history about them.
Start with Somalia. It was actually a very peaceful, prosperous country until communism took over, and it became a tyrannical dictatorship. Which lead to civil war which had completely destroyed what was once a beautiful country. The State (specifically the USSR, the US, Canada and every other fucker who have been propping up states in Somalia) is to blame. Again.
Seriously. Go look at photos of Somalia before there was a state, like in the 50s and 60s. Compare to photos today. The before and after is really shocking.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:30:05
dude that's good and it's not the first time i've seen you post up some really good ideas.
do you fedwiki all this stuff?
@_date: 2014-12-13 22:21:15
HAHAHAHAHAHA nope. source: i pay UK taxes (well no i fucking don't but my business does and it's shit). no one in this country has such a choice, and even if they did it would still be morally repugnant and the worst kind of theft.
and it's still theft. if i walk up to your door, and tell you that i'll give your money to one thing or another, or use your money to even do one of list of things to your house or whatever, and threaten that if you don't cough up, i'll harass you, kidnap you, take money from your loved ones etc.
it's still not a good deal.
@_date: 2014-12-15 21:40:16
if there is no moral reason to rob people of the wealth they have produced, then throwing them in jail for not consenting to the theft is kidnapping. again, i am talking about what is morally right and you are talking about what is legally right. things that have been legally right: sending christians to the authorities to be eaten by lions, raping a newlywed on her first night of her "happily" married life, helping to round up jews and send them to slaughter, and everything that was legal during glasnaught. also,  [cutting open pregnant women](  and [pidgeon torture]( families sent to gulags for generations, none of their children or grandchildren to ever leave: all legal.
Of course you are american, and america has never legalized torture. But I currently live in western europe where horrific torture has been legal, and not that long ago.
Oh and btw "but they can leave" has been the mantra of every state, ever. I have an idea: if there is a mass-murderer, mass-rapist, serial-thief running around, stop fucking telling people to leave. Especially when you know that they are willing to go anywhere to do theirr mass murder. Why not simply stop funding them?
@_date: 2014-12-09 00:16:10
wow. sadface
looks like something you'd see in public sector work. binderdundat got the t-shirt :bangshead:
@_date: 2014-12-03 11:29:50
[FedWiki]( is like git for ideas. The goal is to allow total collaboration of ideas. [Here are some helpful videos]( by Ward Cunningham, the author. He is also the author of the original wiki idea and the original wiki software. [Github project](
I also randomly stumbled across [this good blog post]( about fedwiki when I was looking for others who might be interested the other day.
In my opinion, it is 1. a way to map ideas, far better than notebooks or mindmaps 2. Share those ideas 3. fork and pull request those ideas together 4 a social network for people who are interested in more than cat videos
