@_author: aaburwein
@_date: 2019-07-17 15:32:08
A few months ago, the network of BeeToken was hacked and whoever entered their email for the crowd sale of their ICO got their email stolen. On Jan 31st, the same hacker(s) sent out a professional email on the same day as the ICO crowdsale, asking people to send their ETH to a certain wallet address. This wallet address accumulated over 561 ETH which estimated to about $541k. 
I was one of the people who sent their eth to this fake address. I sent $1000 worth of eth which was all the money I had in my savings account. I was very excited for the beeToken project  and happy to invest in this company. On the same day and after the fake wallet already accumulated half a million dollars, bee token posted a tweet about this phishing incident and never mentioned they were hacked. They basicly gathered information of the people who sent their ETH to the fake address. 
On March 8th, Over a month after their ICO crowdsale, They sent an email advising investors not to communicate with any other fake emails (neddless to say, this email was very useless) 
On April 1st, I received an email from the bee token team regarding this phishing scam asking those affected by the scam to be patient as they are working to find a resolution within 30 days that will fairly accommodates the community. I was very happy to see their email which got me hopeful to retrieve some of my savings. 
On May 5th, I receive another email from the beetoken team sympathizing with those affected and asking them to wait another 30 days to reach a resolution. I waited patiently for this resolution.. 
On June 3rd, I received the highly anticipated email with a resolution. I started to read the email until I got to the part where I was given a $75 beenest credit to use their platform. I was very disappointed and depressed. I had lost all my savings and knew there is nothing to do to retrieve it. The BeeToken team made me and many others hopeful for a fair resolution 
They could've easily prevented all this if they sent a mass email to their potential investors as soon as they were hacked. I'm assuming they didn't want to hurt their reputation or their crowd sale by posting about their weak security measures. However, I'm sure the community would've appreciated their honesty. 
The low security, poor communication and unfair resolution made me post this for the community to see and to know a few things about this incident from someone who lost all of his savings trying to invest it to this project. I hope you can all be careful when investing into this project because they might not deliver on their future promises. 
Here's my BTC wallet if anyone would like to donate any tokens, I would greatly appreciate it 
16b875oXBRAuf88qQYvBH1vhRrC5JR5GgE 
My post is not intended to raise any money instead to raise awareness.