@_author: aagee
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:47:27
I don't get this one. They say they are able to trade on the Gox coins, but how do they hope to get their hands on the Gox BTC wallets? And if there is a way, then folks should be able to get the coins out into the regular circulation at market rates. Is this thing simply a bet on the ability to do just that?
@_date: 2012-02-25 16:00:17
The bitcoins themselves aren't stored anywhere. Instead, there is a distributed database that exists on the network, that tracks all transactions. Software is able to derive how much each account owns by following these transactions.
What exists on your computer is your keys to that account. These keys prove ownership and allow access. They are stored in wallet.dat. You can access your account by copying this file to any other computer. Anyone else can also access your account if they get hold of this file. Also, your account will be irretrievably lost (along with the bitcoins associated with it) if this file is lost somehow.
The way to protect yourself is to make backups of this file. And protect this file against theft. One measure you can take is to encrypt this file, using the encryption facility built into the bitcoin client.
You can buy bitcoins for dollars on one of many bitcoin exchanges like MtGox, Intersango etc. The easiest path I have found is Bank &lt;--&gt; Dwolla &lt;--&gt; MtGox.
@_date: 2012-02-13 03:33:01
Check in [blockexplorer](
@_date: 2012-02-09 16:26:46
You need to understand very clearly what is anonymous and what is not with Bitcoins.
First of all, the Bitcoin transactions themselves are NOT anonymous at all. All the transactions done, ever, are all very much public. Anyone can trace how Bitcoins get transferred from one Bitcoin address to another. This is true for every single transaction, however long the chain may be.
The anonymity comes from the decoupling of your physical identity from one or more Bitcoin addresses. There will necessarily be connections between some addresses and your identity. For example when you purchase coins at MtGox or some other exchange. They will have records that will link you to your addresses. If you transfer to some other addresses, and use clearnet to do it, there may be links in the servers records between the transactions and your IP address (or more).
You break the chain that connects you to the coins by transferring through addresses that can in no way be linked to you. LE would be hard pressed to prove the chain of events. But if the transactions that flow through these anonymous addresses have only one input and one output, one could still make the case for a relationship. This is why you use mixers. Mixers mix many transactions together, with the hope that it is very hard to prove which coin came from where and was used where eventually.
In the end, your best bet is to have a series of anonymous addresses between you and the final target address.
@_date: 2012-02-09 16:32:30
The way I would explain it as follows.
1. There is a public database out there that keeps track of how many bitcoins belong to which addresses.
1. You own addresses, and the bitcoins associated with it, by having the key (private key) to it.
1. People can transfer bitcoins to the addresses that you own, and you can transfer bitcoins to addresses other people own.
1. Bitcoins can be used directly by paying people who accept them, or by converting them to regular currency (and vice versa).
@_date: 2012-02-24 02:49:44
I don't get it. You can prove very easily that you transferred the BTC to them, right? What's the problem?
@_date: 2012-05-03 16:01:34
Isn't it the same guy in both the pics?
@_date: 2012-02-24 14:11:34
I am pretty sure he can make a case.
1. He got the BTC address from this person. He can show the emails, or better still, they may have communicated using PayPal messaging. This will prove that the address belongs to the person.
1. It doesn't matter what PayPal thinks about BTC. The deal was between two parties, money for BTC. The transaction was completed. That should be it.
1. I am pretty sure it was not an eBay auction. Just a PayPal transaction.
@_date: 2011-12-12 15:29:55
1. Doesn't this create a documented link between you and the people you send gifts to as an agent? If they are laundering bitcoins, and ever get busted, what would be the legal implications for the agent?
1. Do you escrow the bitcoins between the order placement and finalization? Where is this held?
1. What protections do you have for the client and the agent? I mean, to prevent either one from getting stiffed. What if  the client never receives the 'gift' or the proof submitted by the agent is rejected somehow?