@_author: aaiiit
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:00:41
Every IT'er should get wet pants just by reading the paper.  The hard part now is not losing your girl/boyfriend because you can't shut up about it.  
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:24:54
Thank you for the cautionary advise.  
But this thread seems to bring something else to the attention, which is I think very good advice for Trezor.  
*People want a cheaper solution.*
And their gonna get it.   If you don't deliver it, somebody else will.  With possibly catastrophic results as you point out.  Right now you own the market, make sure it keeps that way.  You guys deliver a great product.  I myself hope you keep owning the market, I as a customer have come to trust Trezor.
You point out that you can make a cheaper product, but costs other than production stand in the way.  If you go for volume and lower the price it might work.   That has been proven many times over (Henry Ford for example), but you could argue that they were for more 'mature' markets.  
Maybe the example of another car manufacturer is a good idea.  Tesla for instance, wanting to bring electric cars to the masses.  They start with a high end product to help them pay for r&amp;d and then gradually work down with cheaper models.  
Businesses, websites exchanges etc that want to handle their own coins instead of outsourcing to a provider like bitpay will need other solutions.  Other types of bitcoin wallets, equivalent of a safe for instance where you just connect the Trezors and coins are deposited in the safe.   Maybe Trezor needs a more expensive product aimed at the top 1% so to speak.   That could make the way open to lower the price on the wallet that every bitcoin owner needs. 
Sorry to ramble, just my 2 satoshi. 
Keep up the good work  and others
@_date: 2015-01-05 14:16:34
And what does the new deposit has as input?
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:46:54
Interesting idea, but could possibly be negative for Bitcoin.  The correct incentives are not there yet .
Deciding the share per developer is gonna be a real pain and can be gamed easily.  Github stats are not meant for this.  Programming more lines is not really a better thing, maybe even the opposite.  If the incentive is more lines, that's what you gonna get.  
IMO the model that gets used by nearly all other interesting oss is the way to go.  Most of the Linux kernel hackers are employed by large corporations.  It's in their interest to have kernel developers on their payroll. 
Why would bitcoin be any different?  All those bitcoin companies receiving investments right now should all hire at least one developer just to work on the core.
@_date: 2015-04-10 20:57:32


Yes, this would probably be the way to go
@_date: 2015-02-12 17:13:16
Yeah. I only recently realised most people haven't read it. I assumed most interested people would read it, so naive...
