@_author: aamud1
@_date: 2016-08-01 00:33:16
Message pasted from below- hopefully you can help? Hey all, Doing some research for a friend on this... Very interesting topic. I see all of the concerns and think I understand them but can you help me understand so I can save some friends? 1) video refers to increasing # of blocks/coins so that they can run the block chain faster on order to process more transactions, however I see that bit coin blocks contain around 1000 transactions each so my question is - do all of those transactions take the average of 10 mins to happen, or are they validated instantaneously but only recorded on the block chain every 10 average mins? 2) the closed block chain has concerned me from my first reading. Assuming there is one, is it possible that they would create a block chain that had blocks that can only contain one transaction? 3) a NEW block chain, to my uninformed mind, appears ridiculous. Professionals would have created a robust chain capable of handling transactions from the start, no? Changing the chain would mean all of the (current?) Transactions that resulted in coins being mined would be lost. By giving coins to those that already 'own' them, do they automatically just 'create' the first x billion transactions to allocate those coins to accounts? Thanks for your help!
@_date: 2016-07-30 10:03:18
Hey all,
Doing some research for a friend on this... Very interesting topic. I see all of the concerns and think I understand them but can you help me understand so I can save some friends?
1) video refers to increasing # of blocks/coins so that they can run the block chain faster on order to process more transactions, however I see that bit coin blocks contain around 1000 transactions each so my question is - do all of those transactions take the average of 10 mins to happen, or are they validated instantaneously but only recorded on the block chain every 10 average mins?
2) the closed block chain has concerned me from my first reading. Assuming there is one, is it possible that they would create a block chain that had blocks that can only contain one transaction?
3) a NEW block chain, to my uninformed mind, appears ridiculous. Professionals would have created a robust chain capable of handling transactions from the start, no? Changing the chain would mean all of the (current?) Transactions that resulted in coins being mined would be lost. By giving coins to those that already 'own' them, do they automatically just 'create' the first x billion transactions to allocate those coins to accounts? 
Thanks for your help!