@_author: aar809
@_date: 2018-12-14 10:04:32
So this is just something I jotted down on a flight while thinking about this whole concept of crypto as a currency and its pro's vs con's in a practical sense. Feel free to comment. 
Summarizing arguments on both sides, and getting down to the Core of Why Btc isn't magically working currently as it is promised. 
 1. currency (eg. USD) nowadays isn't backed by anything anyways. Has not been backed by gold since... 1980's? (Nixon), it is Already digital. We all use it because of one underlying principle, trust. Trust in banks. (even though 'currency' started off with people agreeing on a set value for.. Shells, Gold, copper, rocks, wheat, commodities etc. many many years ago, it is not the case anymore.. But this origin is still critical.. Will explain later) So if that's the case, why can't BTC do the same? 
 2. Pro  - BTC's technology is undeniably beneficial to everyone, it creates value by eliminating needs for middlemen, for verifications, for risks of hacking, time lag/delays etc. But is this question Really just about underlying technology/mechanisms??? 
Con's: - The answer may be due more to the fact that MONEY (currency) as we know it, works, not just because of the system underneath it, but because of the precedent, because Everybody else is using it.. The big question is Adoption. - the ONLY reasons why it is not really a currency yet , is because: - the value fluctuates too much (more like a penny stock) - not every vendor / recipient accepts it
Why Money works: We have to realize that EVEN THOUGH money is not backed by anything of realistic value, it is still Universally agreed at a Stable value (historically), and Everybody accepts it. Because of these two reasons, money works. 
How did money get to that stage? Even though it is not backed by any realistic thing, it started off that way, and over years of being backed, and being used by everyone, it got to today's position. It almost doesn't even matter the origins, but the fact that it got to the destination, which is 'everybody using it'. Basically, it didn't happen overnight, which is what BTC wants to, and is expecting to do. 
In order for BTC to get to the status of Money, it has to: - be adopted by EVERY vendor/person - have a stable value
How can BTC take this next step: - Individual consumers cannot, and don't have the incentive to make this happen. Even though TOTAL economy costs go down, no 1 consumer will take that risk to drive it. - Eg. If it doesn't work as money, why does it matter that it is free to send? It's irrelevant. And  even if I'm able to, why would I do it when the value may skyrocket by 100x tomorrow?
Imagine this analogy, why is FB so popular? If I told you tomorrow, there is a new social network, eg. 'Google+' with 'better technology' (like BTC), and is 2x faster loading speeds, will somehow save you money in the long run etc. Will you join and use it the same way you do on FB? Probably not. Because of the Network effect. Fb is not popular becuz of the tech behind it, it is popular becuz Everybody else is using it. Same principles as BTC (to a more extreme). In other words, we ALL know, and AGREE, at this point (majority), that BTC, in terms of technology, is superior, and SHOULD be how money functions, but why has it not? 
Answer: the social / network aspect of it has to be fulfilled, which then, theoretically will drive down insane fluctuations as well. 
Because think of it this way, to the core motives of Money, once again. We, as consumers use it to buy things. (this is where value comes in) We buy them from... Vendors. This is the heart of the problem. What kind of vendor would Risk everything and demand 'Only pay me in BTC', if everyone else is using Fiat still? In principle, might be 1 or 2 odd stores, but as a whole, no big chains or stores have the Incentive to do this. (potential solution- unless they Have to...) this is the ultimate hump the BTC has to get past in order to become a mainstream usable currency.
Ok, defeated, then what now? Realistically how will this work, say tomorrow, what needs to happen?
In summary the problems that need to be solved in my mind, and in a user's perspective are: - price volatility - acceptability - needs to be a currency that I know All my friends are using and vendors accept. 
We all know in an ideal world, neither of these issues will exist if everyone's using it, but until then, what needs to change for us to get there? (Eg. More/less gov regulation? A whole country to adopt btc 'fully'? New tech breakthroughs?) 
Thoughts..? 
