@_author: aarj89
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:29:57
Because a tyrant would DEFINITELY follow the rules right? The police, controled by the tyrant, will DEFINITELY follow the rules over the tyrant's orders right? YEAH, THAT SEEMS OBVIOUS.  
How can you argue that? I don't believe 100% in the OP. He may be a scammer.  
But your arguments...come on???  
"All criminal cases are documented!" According to who? The government?  
It's like a Fox saying "Hey guys, don't need to come over here, all chickens are safe!!"  
The entire premise here is that government informations are not trustable, and you argue with something like "government said it works that way, so it is definitely that way".  
Neither you or OP convinced me, but his story "checks" with everything i heard about how Venezuela "works".  
Say to me, is Maduro a legit president? Is he a tyrant?
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:41:01
So if i'm being watched by the State.  
My family is still in Venezuela, and i fled.  
Yeah, i would show my ID so the Venezuelan government could kill all my family, that makes so much sense man. You proved he is a scammer, because he didn't show to everyone who wants to see WHAT'S HIS NAME, WHAT'S HIS ID! YEAH! Great! Best strategy ever..  
And he may be a scammer, i'm not denying that. But your arguments against him are so weak...
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:31:00
"All fishs are safe in the aquarium"  
Said Mr. Cat.  
It must be true!
@_date: 2019-07-02 14:38:39
You can also use other cryptos like Nano.  
If you don't like Nano, accept it just to avoid fees and receive your payment instantly, after that(since you don't like Nano), transfer to an exchange and swap to BTC.  
Just trying to help you avoid losses with absurd transaction fees and waiting time to confirm the payment.  
Nano is instant, feeless, and green.
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:37:24
One doesn't need to believe OP and/or donate to him to doubt what you say. Like VectorsAlign said, it's not an this or that situation.  
You assume that anyone disagreeing with you will donate to the guy, that's not the case. Some here are just skeptic about both of you.  
His story may be true, may not be true.  
But what you said about how Venezuela works...it's 100% false. And that's the only thing i'm certain of.
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:04:31
50 cents RECENTLY, well said(credit cards never got to \~37$ fees, even when you're buying a coffee), and it will change the more people use it. You are not serious are you?Yeah right, the recipient won't pay fees, my bad. It's only the USER who won't be using BTC to transact because he will pay fees.Lightning Network? Count on it when it's easy to use by average ppl and don't depend on centralized hubs. Today it's just a workaround to try to negate the flawful system. "Hey we solved the fee problems, it's not a weakness anymore pleeeeeeeeeeeeease agree"
I know exactly what cashflow means. Merchants can't have the cash right away when they accept credit card, unless they pay higher fees, this creates a cashflow problem. It's not that different with Bitcoin, neither with any crypto including Nano. The merchant is going to have to convert from crypto to fiat.  Still have a cashflow problem.
I posted this just to make a little joke, with a taste of truth. But as you responded seriously to it, i have to point where i disagree with you.  
\- BTC fees are not stable, credit cards fees are kinda stable. Nano fees are Zero;  
\- Lightning Network is a workaround, not a real solution to daily commerce, even worse depending on user's knowledge, making it a bad user experience;  
\- Any crypto or credit card will badly affect cashflow.
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:20:25
F\* all the governments!
@_date: 2019-10-11 18:15:32
Would you consider paying by Nano?  
You may not know that small businesses pay huge fees to the miners to process Bitcon transactions. Bitcoin transactions also badly affects cashflow and queues.  
Will you help independent firms keep prices down and consider paying in Nano?  
Don't get mad at me, i couldn't hold myself. It's so convenient hahahaha.
@_date: 2019-10-11 18:20:10
Would you consider paying by Nano?  
You may not know that small businesses pay huge fees to the miners to process Bitcon transactions. Bitcoin transactions also badly affects cashflow and queues.  
Will you help independent firms keep prices down and consider paying in Nano?
Don't get mad at me, i couldn't hold myself. It's so convenient hahahaha.