@_author: aaronartille
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:59:41
For a hosting company, there is probably some legal and political fallout to consider when offering these services to customers who would be (practically) anonymous. Not necessarily suggesting that a greater minority of customers paying in bitcoin would pursue illicit/questionable uses of machine and network resources than those paying with e.g. PayPal or MasterCard, I don't think it would be unreasonable to expect an influx of troublesome and even criminal activity given the nature of anonymity in general coupled with the relatively slim selection of stable/quality hosts taking cryptocurrency payments today. An influx like that could distract from other internal concerns of the host, consequently lowering QoS for existing users and new legitimate ones as well, and it could also result in derogatory (not necessarily fair) press. That said, I admittedly have not researched cases of similar hosts adopting this payment medium and could be wrong.  
  
Whether or not the introduction of bitcoin payments would yield a worthwhile benefit from a corporate standpoint notwithstanding those risks (and any others I haven't considered) is beyond my foresight. Either way, as a Digital Ocean customer myself—and a client of most other top players in this space—I would feel concerned about the increased potential for unwanted legal/political muscle to strong-arm the policies and procedures of these providers. Usually at least a tad paranoid, but it's easy for me to picture a slew of misguided efforts in the name of homeland security, e.g. extended ID verification measures (the likes of Coinbase) and mass infringements on client privacy through logging/reporting under that guise.  
  
I'm not actually against support of bitcoin on these big hosts, in fact I wholeheartedly encourage it **iff** the companies are able and willing to stand their ground, but all too often companies cannot or just do not resist the pressure (esp. US companies). Gotta stay on your toes with remote hosting, nowadays more than ever.
  
  
---  
  
EDIT: Vultr ( is a stable host that seems to be doing alright with bitcoin payments.
@_date: 2015-09-12 00:59:21
What is the proposed revision?