@_author: aaronsharp1987
@_date: 2018-09-16 21:42:58
The person who is accepting your payment at a restaurant is very rarely responsible for making those kinds of managerial decisions. We don’t really care or want to hear about who else accepts bitcoin or Amex or whatever we just want to do our jobs. Call and ask for the manager in between serving times but please leave employees out of it. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:54:08
He shouldn’t have to. Perhaps he intended to accept bitcoin initially before finding out it was unreadable. Oh well, whatever. He’s open now, and he probably already has loyal clients. It’s rated well online. Obviously people coming in and trying to pay with bitcoin then feeling deceived and ripped off are in the small minority because otherwise the place just wouldn’t be in business. If he changes his name people might get confused and stop going there because they may think it’s changed ownership or the menu etc as well. The owner of this restaurant has no legal or social obligation whatsoever to change his name. If he was running a fraudulent bogus place like you claim then the free market would have caused him to run out of business. This hasn’t happened so therefore the market approves of it. bitcoin folks, of all people, should understand this.
@_date: 2018-10-29 22:49:55
I think he was reading lines off a phone and is not literate enough to read any faster 
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:39:32
How can you expect both mass adoption and also have this attitude towards mistakes and carelessness? People are careless. That is a fact. They misplace things and forget things and get tricked by assholes- it’s just human nature. Why would people want to migrate from a system that insulates them from
Inevitable mistakes to one where you can easily loose everything with one careless misstep?
@_date: 2018-11-24 23:11:21
Why’s it unstoppable? in your own words please if you could
@_date: 2019-01-21 21:53:50
If you actually have any intention of persuading people who are undecided or skeptical you probably shouldn’t call them ‘faggots’ or ‘children’ while trying to do so. Even if you were presenting valid points the aggressive and insulting tone of what you’ve written totally undercuts any potential ability to actually convince people because the way you have communicated is essentially priming people to reject your ideas defensively. Perhaps something like what you have written may be well received by people who are already on board, but if your intent is to change the viewpoints of anyone who is undecided you should really take a moment before you start writing to envision who you are writing to, and what you’re trying to persuade them of. 