@_author: aaron_in_sf
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:46:56
Can I recommend the Internet Archive? (archive.org)
Among other things the Archive hosts the Wayback Machine, which is of infinite value generally speaking as a cultural history of the web, but in the recent political climate has also been a mechanism for preserving an invaluable record some are trying to redact.
Beyond the famous Wayback Machine,
 the Archive (a California library) is also involved in massive-scale book scanning and lending, both with Open Library and the current Open Libraries initiative to bring _all_ libraries onine;
the TV News project, recording and making searchable television news from dozens of markets and countries 24/7,  making television news a citable medium and subjecting it to large scale analysis, e.g. to track the appearance of political advertisements as they flow through different markets;
the Great 78s and other music projects including hosting eTree, the passionate live music taper community, including about every known recording of bands like the Grateful Dead, as well as many net labels, podcasts, etc.,
and on and on.
Additionally the Archive is an ally of the EFF and has been at the forefront of supporting the decentralized and open internet.
The Archive is a non-profit entirely supported by donations, including from individuals.
Source: employee! It's also a great place to work. :D
@_date: 2014-12-17 06:46:21
&lt;ducks&gt; Sorry!
The padding files are in there to break each file's blocks on a block boundary, so that torrents can be updated without rehashing the whole, and to support 'mutable torrents' -- an idea we worked on with BitTorrent Inc. 
The premise is that supporting clients can check a specified URL for an updated version of the torrent (if the content the torrent contains has changed), and retrieve it; in that case, there was a lot of interest in having the update just be deltas. Among other things that would support versioning (and of course minimize the expense of the update).
uTorrent at least I believe 'knows' to not actually d/l the padding files, but every other client...
Source: I wrote the IA torrent maker
@_date: 2013-04-22 22:02:19
Firm but not wet, tide just went out!