@_author: abbitcryptic
@_date: 2019-02-05 07:21:27
That's my understanding as well. Presuming the proposal here is solid this is actually really interesting news. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:05:20
If you close your channels with them in the middle of the transaction, then yes, you might think that you currently have some of Alice's money (the amount she was trying to send to Bob) that you could steal. However, that is an illusion. 
In actuality, Alice only conditionally assigned you some of the money in her channel with you:
Alice says: Here's some money. You can keep if you can provide me with a magic number that, when hashed, produces this value H that I'm looking for. If you try to steal the money I will have a couple weeks to prove my legitimate claim, and there won't be anything you can do to stop me! Bottom line, don't screw me. 
You (without knowing even that Alice is trying to send to Bob) say to Bob: here's some money. You can keep this money if you can provide me with a magic number that, when hashed, produces this value H that I'm looking for. If you try to steal the money I will have a couple weeks to prove my legitimate claim, and there won't be anything you can do to stop me! Bottom line, don't screw me. 
Bob says back to you: interesting timing! I actually have the magic number that hashes to H. Here it is.
Now you have a decision to make:
a) Since Bob knows the magic number (and so do you now) he can in fact take the money that you gave him to hold. However you know the magic number that Alice was looking for which means you can now actually take the money that she gave you to hold! So everyone is happy! This is the rational and easy path. 
b) You act like you never heard the magic number from Bob nor that you offered him money if he could produce the number. So you close the channel with Bob. Problem is that because he is able to produce the number (and the contract that you provided him when you spoke about the number), and because you closed the channel without his permission, he has a couple weeks (plenty of time) to broadcast a transaction that YOU already signed that proves that he is owed the correct balance. During this time, you can't even access your portion of the balance at all. Your only hope is that Bob isn't paying attention...but there is money on the line, so he probably is. 
Same goes for Alice, except she is now in the role of you above and you are in the role of Bob above.
Bottom line: better (and more profitable!) to just play by the rules than close channels without mutual sign-off. 
@_date: 2018-02-17 04:16:55
You need to post your ip address and port as well to form a valid lightning URI. Your node needs to have a publicly accessible ip address if you want random people from r/bitcoin to open channels with you. 