@_author: abcabcabcabcab
@_date: 2014-09-23 04:56:29
You must be kind of a moron. Try starting a conversation on Facebook and do the same thing. I guarantee you'll get the same result.
@_date: 2014-09-24 04:48:25
Uh, that's a really dumb opinion to have. Paypal is testing bitcoin use in a tiny segment of their business, and only with a small number of participating merchants and for a handful of digital items only. That's yawnworthy.
The problem you guys have is that consumers don't want or need bitcoins. Literally no consumers out there are saying, "I'd buy bitcoins if it got more support." There's zero reason to switch from fiat/credit cards.
You guys are really dumb, but don't worry, I won't say "I told you so" when bitcoin goes absolutely nowhere.
@_date: 2014-09-23 04:21:52


Are you high or just dumb? Because that's not even remotely true.
@_date: 2014-09-22 23:10:33
I'm still amazed at how great bitcoiners seem to think "tipping" is. Literally no one other than you guys wants tips. It has nothing to do with bitcoins; no one wants real money "tips" either. You think I'm wrong? Try this experiment:
Go up to any normal non-bitcoiner you know and start a conversation. When they make a point that you agree with, hold out a dime (or a quarter, or even a dollar). Here is the reaction I *guarantee* you will get:
Normal person: (cocks head slightly) What's this for?
You: You made a pretty good point so I thought you ought to be compensated for that.
Normal person: (small pause) Uh... Oooookay. 
They will then come up with an excuse to get away from you. You know why? Because "tipping" someone during (or after) a conversation IS FUCKING WEIRD, online or offline. It's a sign of poor socialization. Whoever you do this to will forever after wonder about your upbringing and your sanity. They will try to avoid you from then on. People don't want to be paid for having conversations or doing other things they'd be doing anyway.
And that's with *real money*. Add bitcoins (or any other thing that you have a lot of and the other person has none of) and in addition to wondering about your upbringing and sanity, they will also wonder about your agenda.
Please, by all means, try to put tip buttons everywhere. Not only will no one use them, there will be a gigantic backlash from us normals who don't want that dumb shit taking up screen real estate.
@_date: 2014-09-23 04:38:32
A few questions:
Why are you eating out when a temporary $23 hold will push you over your credit limit? It doesn't sound like you're budgeting properly. And since you've stated that your card is credit, not debit, it's not like they're overdrafting your bank account. Bringing up poor college students is a complete non sequitor since, again, said college student wouldn't have his bank account overdrafted.
Given the amounts you've posted, you clearly left the waitress no tip. Were you punishing her for her easily cleared up mistake? Why do you think that's appropriate?
How would using bitcoins have made it any better? If you accidentally pay the other customer's bill, you would have no recourse outside of begging the restaurant to send your bitcoins back. There are no chargebacks with bitcoins. That sounds like a worse situation to me.
If this is the best reason to use bitcoins you can come up with, then bitcoins really are terrible.