@_author: abebaez
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:18:50
For those asking if their btc was stolen it's easy to check if you remember the wallet address. 
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:39:41
@_date: 2016-08-07 16:36:05
Indeed. Many people don't realize where the money come from, and also don't realize time to resolve this if you don't accept the haircut. Perhaps waiting for N years and get a similar result?. I don't like the haircut, but I prefer some of my funds as soon as possible. IMHO
@_date: 2016-08-09 00:20:13
OK. The problem here is that the golden ingot that I put in the someone else's garden is secured by a lot of security applications, like they promised me.
For that reason I put my golden ingot there, I trusted in the security system. The security problems are not my responsability. It's not my mistake. My only mistake was believe in their security systems.
If you believe in your bank because they provide you security systems and security systems fails, it's your responsability?. You trust in them because they promise you security for your golden ingots. It's your responsability if a thief steal your money? Do you think this?.  I don't think so.
As result of all of this in the future I will not believe in any golden ingots exchanges, in fact, I'm using rigth now a cold storage for my golden ingots. At the end, it's a bad future for golden ingots exchanges. Bad for the golden ingots ecosystem.
@_date: 2016-08-07 17:18:01
I agree with all the points, except in 
TRADERS ARE PARTIALLY RESPONSIBLE
I mean, I can accept a bad decision in my trading, in my investment, in the way I use my money to obtain some profit. It's up to me. But I can't accept losses due to a thief. You can't say that I'm responsible on this. It's innaceptable.
I don't like the haircut.
However, I prefer the haircut than a lot of years waiting to solve this?, and spending my money (more money) in lawyers and so. No, please!.
The other points of your entry are fine.
IMHO, it's better get some of my funds as soon as possible than wait years spending money in legal work.
@_date: 2016-08-09 11:16:40
Ok, don't make mistake, I agree with your point of view but it's a really bad idea say that the problem with a hack like this is because traders are partially responsible, like you try to explain in some of your sentences, and like the OP try to say in his entry.
Why?, well, if exchanges is like a random strange (now I believe this) then you can't trust in them, then you will never use an exchange, then in the future bitcoin can't be traded.
For that reason I'm not agree with people saying that is a user mistake, is a mistake related with exchanges, with the hacker, with security system, with whatever you want, but not a mistake related with traders, with users of the system. But like I said, it's my opinion.
I repeat, I don't put my golden ingot knowing previously that it's a not secured garden, I trusted in the security. Rigth now, I don't believe in anyone!. Security systems like BitGo an others are to me like clowns.
That is what you want? Do you think this is good for the bitcoin ecosystem?. I don't think so.
Always IMHO... and sorry for my English ;)
@_date: 2019-08-10 11:53:37
Revenge is not the answer