@_author: abecedarius
@_date: 2017-11-18 05:38:02
This has the problem that you're now relying on Grandma's security too. You can mitigate this with a trick called Shamir's secret sharing: it takes your secret key and spits out three new secret keys that you store separately: like, one with your grandma, one with your lawyer, one in a deposit box at your bank (for example). After you die, your grandma and your lawyer put their secrets together, and recover your original key from their separate keys. But before that, your lawyer could not recover your key -- the secret you gave did not by itself reveal anything about your bitcoin key. Likewise if someone stole grandma's -- it didn't reveal the info either. It's only by putting them together that anything happens.
Or if you lose your original key, you can now recover it by getting the safety deposit box's secret and then going to your lawyer or Grandma. Any two of the three secrets are enough -- it's kind of magical. Math!
This is different from just giving 6 words to Grandma and 6 to your lawyer, because that way your lawyer has half of the info -- if they're crooked, they 'only' have to guess 6 more words, not 12. You might perhaps still be safe, in practice, but the margin of safety is much less. Also, if one of them loses their piece, you're screwed -- now you're in the position of having to guess the rest of your own key.
 shows the idea.
So, this seems like the right starting point on putting bitcoin in your will, but there are details to hammer out. And I know basically zilch about wills.
Added: a bunch of people above suggested multisig wallets. Those also have the 2-of-3 property but seem more complicated as an overall system. With secret sharing you set up your cold storage however you want, and the bequest mechanism is separate.
@_date: 2017-11-17 19:03:38
There needs to be a good how-to on bitcoin bequests. Something like splitting your key with Shamir secret-sharing, who to entrust the pieces to, giving them clear instructions, legal issues, etc. I don't know the answers.
@_date: 2019-05-10 21:30:49
And how well did all that work against drugs, etc.? Note that BTC have to be suppressed globally to really lose value, while a local success in suppressing drugs would count as success.