@_author: abledshawl
@_date: 2014-04-27 02:34:53
There seems to be a misconception that a goal of anarchism is to eliminate violence and any instance where violence occurs is a "failure of anarchism." First off, the word "violence" is in itself a bit of a quagmire; it does not have one definition that is well understood across the social strata. It all depends on the circumstance. If all other avenues and appeals have been used to no avail, then physical force becomes the only way to effect change. Of course, one may take that sentence and say "Aha! You anarchists just want to take over and be the new government!" this is not the case as an anarchist acts in self-defense if herself and her community; to perpetuate and build her life to challenge and abolish domination. Again, during the Spanish Civil War, the CNT/FAI and other anarchists were offered positions in the government to consolidate power and halt the revolution -- this was rejected by the anarchist because they knew they would be compromising themselves by attaining institutional power over others.
This idea that violence makes one's cause void or tyrannical is a hasty generalization. This is applied from the top-down, where the definition of violence is given by the state, regurgitated by mass media and pundits, until it's ingrained in the minds of the populous. This creates a double-standard, because violence acted by the state (the invasion of a home by police with weapons being in bedrooms) is considered legal and okay, whereas the act of protesters smashing the windows of a corporation known for its child exploitation is considered to be on-par with domestic terrorism depending on your political affinity.
To come back full circle, sometimes a little bit of "violence" can be used to prevent more violence from emerging. At the same time, there should always be methods of education and direct-democracy for communities to come up with their own plans for action, directly.
@_date: 2014-04-25 19:54:30
I want to reply here, but haven't a lot of time. There is a quote by Bakunin that illustrates this point well.
"Does it follow that I reject all authority? Far from me such a thought. In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or the engineer. For such or such special knowledge I apply to such or such a savant. But I allow neither the bootmaker nor the architect nor savant to impose his authority upon me. I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure. I do not content myself with consulting a single authority in any special branch; I consult several; I compare their opinions, and choose that which seems to me the soundest. But I recognise no infallible authority, even in special questions; consequently, whatever respect I may have for the honesty and the sincerity of such or such individual, I have no absolute faith in any person."
Consulting those with more expertise to make an informed decision is not authority. Authority, specifically a monotheistic authority, is when punishment is used in response to noncompliance; there is no dialogue for an alternative course of action, though there may be (in extreme cases of authoritarianism) a negotiation of what kind of punishment and how severe.
For you, here is a video that makes the specifics of different kinds of coercion known so that we do not have to talk past one another.
"Basic Coercion, Social Coercion, and Wage Labour"
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:07:42
I use the Spanish Civil War as an example of anarchism working because it was horizontal organization of society, dramatically challenging and changing the dynamics of institutions like police and the church. It paved the way for one of the first feminists movements, communities could providing food, housing, and tools for all as needed. The CNT/FAI laid out syndicalism as a suitable replacement to wage labor and capitalism. It is the actions of organizations like the CNT/FAI that gave way to unions and workers rights in the Americas through groups like the International Workers of the World.
Yes, ultimately, the Fascists did take over Spain. The people were in midst of a civil war because they did not want to live under Fascism - so they organized against. The Communists sold out the anarchists and Socialists, bought arms and equipment from the Russians and executed people based in their politics. Not to mention the United States' decided lack of involvement, as anarchism and revolution poses a significant threat to their authority.
There are many texts, essays, and books that go into the Spanish Civil War because so much was happening in this one country. I suggest reading George Orwell's Homage to Cataloniaa, which he wrote while he was there, in Spain. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 07:57:27
I would like to take on this argument. First, I want to establish a bit of background on myself. I live on an island that most consider to be a part of the United States, though history will show that it was, even by the US' standards, and illegal annexation headed by businessmen and entrepraneurs from the Americas and Europe with the help of an armed para-military organization. I have been spending the last three years studying anarchist philosophy by reading Emma Goldman, Mikhail Bakunin, and Peter Kropotkin to name a few. I advocate for a society based on community and workplace autonomy without any higher authority or government interferance thereof.
Before I started to call myself an "anarchist," a practice that I am still learning, I had called myself a Republican and a Libertarian until I stumbled upon more information of the history of those philosophies. I once believed that a strong sense of national identity would best serve the liberation of humanity. I have since been disillusioned with those ideas (though, there those who say that libertarian socialism = anarchism), as, again, I maintain that government is dangerous to society as a whole as it robs individual responsibility of one's life away and places it in the hands of a higher authority.
I'm going to go down and choose points of yours to argue against.
First, you claim that "government is not "the centralization of power" - a government is a group with a (near) monopoly on the use of force/violence in some geographic area. Central banking, rule-making, and even tax collec  tion are not the core functions of government, they're add-ons. The core function of any government is to be the only guys who are allowed to use violence: to be the cops and the armies."
You fail to make a point that governments are not a centralization of power by asserting that they are the only ones able to conduct legitimate or legal violence against the rest of the society. Any resistance to government mandated taxes or policies are met with force from the top downward, with the potential that a person with a gun will come to your residence to demand what is owed or you go to prison.
You follow up with several more points, "Say, tomorrow, the whole government disappears." ""I paid him for a car and he gave me a motorcycle,"" "The markets and the community are picking up the slack, providing all the services that modern governments do." "One day you're walking to work, and there's a guy standing in the street with an assault rifle. He tells you you've gotta give him $50 to get by, or he's gonna shoot." "As soon as one group gets enough guys with guns working together, it stops being anarchy and starts being a (really shitty) government."
These all presuppose that "jobs" and "work" as they exist today are still happening. I do not think that this would be the case, even if the rest of society were to remain intact without government. Your argument also assumes that people with firearms would exert force over others to establish order.
By completely uprooting government in such a way without deconstructing the underlying relationships created by hierarchy, there would indeed be a power vacuum where people that like hierarchy would fill and reconstitute the state in a new form. 
This is not what anarchism is about. Anarchism is more than simply getting rid of the state and giving people guns -- it is about deconstructing social hierarchies that exist throughout our current society, such as racism, capitalism, euro-centricity, ableism, sexism, heteronormativity, authority, and so on. Anarchy is the individual, capable of coming to their own conclusions, acting in ways that are empowering to themselves, their family, and community.
"The competition between armed groups rewards effective fighting, rather than good governance. Your nice guy approach to collecting taxes fails: the guys who take everything they can get their hands on are better paid, better fed, and better armed, and they eventually seize your block, killing everyone who was in your group."
Why are there taxes to pay in the first place? Who made such a decision? How can there be other ways to meet everyone's needs without resorting to weapons or money?
"And through all of that, you enjoyed maybe a week of actual anarchy. Since then, everybody in the city has been living under a government."
Your story is essentially how the world powers came to be. Through the dark ages, various families would send armies to fight their opponents in the pursuit of land and riches. Anarchy strives to abolish both the rule of authority as well as subserviance to one.
"Anarchy doesn't "work" per se - it never even exists for very long."
This is false, as there are examples of anarchist societies that we can draw from, such as the Spanish Civil War, where work places were collectivized by the workers themselves, producing as much as was needed based on input from the public instead of meeting a market demand. Food was willingly made available to people and even vices like cigarettes were given to anyone who wanted to smoke. This, as well as dozens of other social movements (such as women's liberation) were made possible through anarchy and striving for a common cause of revolution for everyone.
Playlist: The Spanish Civil War
There are also the Zapatistas of Chiapas who indeed have rifles and wear balaclavas, yet they don't not exert force over their community. One of the most notorized leaders of the EZLN, Commandante Marcos, follows the direction of the workers councils, who are comprised of Mayan men and women. Even now, the EZLN are building schools to educate their children.
Link: Autonomous Zapatista Education: The Little Schools of Below
When the Zapatista stormed the Mexican parliament in 1994, they may have been able to take over the government and attempt to reconstruct society as they see fit, but that is not the aim of anarchism (note: The EZLN are not explicitly anarchistic, though much of their organization is). To use neoliberal politics in order to effect change only plays into the state's hand. You move chairs around and change the color of the curtains, but you still have a monopoly of force predicated on the domination of others.
It should also be noted that a self-organized set of communities, who work together with a similar set of principals, even federated, is not the same as a government as there would be no monopoly of force or central body that determines policy across communities. People would keep each other accountable and set in when appropriate to keep things together.
Thanks for your post, SouporBonBon. I hope we can continue the discourse.