@_author: absolutionxx
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:13:18
If you've been watching you'll see that the price is being pushed down by traders. I've been looking at gdax throughout the day and no matter what the price is there is always a 64 btc sell wall a few dollars above the price. It was there when prices were 4100 and it was there at 3830. 
These guys are pushing prices down, accumulating cheap BTC and will take a nice profit after it goes back up. How long it will go I don't know, but this is an artificial dip IMO. HODL!!
@_date: 2017-09-11 06:05:56
That is true, have to take it seriously since its the WSJ. But I still find it odd that all these news sources reported the same news within the same hour. Seems like a coordinated attack. Also, seems odd that China's prices rebound $250 in the same time US prices fall $250.
Its speculation at this point. I personally am layering my buys. I went to USDT at 4300 earlier today, and will but small amounts every $50 decline. I don't see US prices falling below the chinese prices, if that is true our floor is probably around 3900. Good luck everyone!
@_date: 2017-09-29 06:43:53
ICO Regulation is good as long as it isn't taken too far. I see alot of benefit from putting some safe guards in place to prevent total trash companies from launching a coin. Will help bring some level of validity to cryptomarkets. Its a necessary step to achieving mass adoption.
However, if its taken too far, like how IPOs are conducted today then it'll be a huge detriment to crypto and what it aims to achieve. Its up to the users to be involved and help steer the ship. Of course it's not going to be easy, those with money and power don't want to give up their money and power.
If regulation is taken too far we'll fight back. There are a few decentralized exchange platforms starting to sprout up like Komodo and Bitshares. Komodo is even working on a decentralized ICO that will completely make all these ICO bans pointless and unenforceable. I guess only time will tell to see how this all plays out, but one things for sure crypto is here to stay and I still feel like we're part of the earlier adopter generation.
@_date: 2017-09-11 05:50:26
That is probably true for small investors. I think its safe to assume that the big players would be able to get this information and be able to read it in English.
Also, if this is new news confirming the china ban I think it makes more sense for this news to break first in China and then the US This just seems like the WSJ, Fidelity, Bloomberg, and MSNBC are reporting the news that came out on Friday. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 08:36:36
Ballsy move, I like it!
Check the 1 month chart for crypto's market capital. Insane growth in the last 30 days, 90 billion to 170 billion. The amount of new money into crypto is insane, and it will continue to increase. I think in 2-3 years we'll see a one trillion dollar market cap, if not sooner. 
That is my long term view. For my short term view. I think a lot of this new money is coming from institutional investors and people who trade in the stock market. They see the opportunity to jump on the bandwagon, but may not necessarily believe/understand what crypto is. With BTC hitting 5K soon, we may deal with a psychological barrier and some of this new money jump out for a nice quick gain. This may cause a quick drop which could lead to panic selling, who knows. 
There's also the Goldman Sachs call. If all this new money is from institutional investors and people that likely follow Goldman Sachs, then their call on a dip might actually happen just because people will sell based on their prediction. If getting in now at this ATH I'd suggest getting in now with a portion of your money and average out your buys over time. Also, make sure to set buy orders for any unused capital in the 3600-4000 levels, this way if we do see prices retrace a bit you'll be set up to get in at the low prices. 
If looking to invest money now you should also think about diversifying your investments. There are alot of good long term investments out there. LTC, NEO, OMG, ETH, MTL, NAV, CVC, IOTA, STRAT so many to choose from that all have potential for growth in the future. 
@_date: 2017-09-11 05:33:59
Prices were just south of 3600 on the Chinese exchanges (The ones with the BTC/CNY pair). At the time of this post they are now 3850. This is after all the articles from the WSJ, Fidelity, Bloomberg, and MSNBC came out.
Seems like a good indicator that now is a good time to buy. But then again we still haven't gotten confirmation from the chinese government on whether the exchange ban is real or not so buyer beware.
Balls of steel!
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:30:08
I'm a big believer in LTC and have hopes we see 150+ before year end. I'm bigger in NEO now than ETH, the Chinese regulations imo are a good thing for the long term growth of NEO. Their team has close ties with the government so I have faith they will be able to work with any new regulations. I think you won't see NEO at this price ever again. Once ICOs start and the coin gets on exchanges in more countries it's going up