@_author: abstracttornado
@_date: 2018-03-11 09:45:09
Yes they can. Declare BTC illegal, conversion of BTC to fiat is then illegal, businesses can no longer accept BTC. Done. You'll never be able to spend it, so why would you own it? Demand will plummet, price will also plummet.
It's not really a justificable move in the west, so I don't expect it to happen, but it's possible to ban it.
@_date: 2018-03-11 12:22:31
The church didn't ban "all science", they actually performed a huge amount of research. Besides which, comparing the value of cryptocurrency to science as a whole? But let's choose to live in the dark age you allude to, how many hundreds of years are you holding that BTC?
People buy drugs because they enjoy using them, people manufacture/grow drugs because it's profitable. Cryptocurrency would be neither of these things if made illegal. Of course, people would still use it to buy those drugs.
Do you really think the current market value of bitcoin would hold up to being outlawed? Come on. It would plummet. Even a sniff of regulation sees billions wiped off the market cap. Pretending regulation doesn't matter is delusional.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:43:05
I misread your comment on the Church banning science.
The statements I made: *decentralisation does not prevent regulation* and *the market value of cryptocurrencies would plummet if banned* are facts. What are you even arguing against?
At no point did I say cryptocurrencies would cease to exist if banned. At no point did I say they would be banned, in fact, I specifically said I don't believe this will happen. Banning something isn't eternal, no shit there are examples of things which have been banned and are now available.
The comparison between drugs and the pleasure of being cashless via BTC is a poor one. First of all, credit/debit cards exist, society is already cashless. Does using your bank card give you pleasure akin to drugs? Even in its legal state BTC is far less convenient than a bank card. In the current system BTC has some advantages in some areas of finance, such as large transactions or those across borders. If it were illegal there is absolutely no way anyone, outside of those seeking illegal products or in countries facing financial collapse, would use BTC to purchase products. The risk vs reward would be wildly unfavourable. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 09:41:28
Yeah, this is why there is so much trash on there now. Bloggers piggybacking on the reputation of Forbes. I doubt their reputation will mean much in future.
@_date: 2018-03-11 09:54:07
They can ban mining too. Why do you think they can't? 
"BTC mining is now illegal. Punishable by fine and a prison sentence" Done.
@_date: 2018-03-11 10:35:57
er, yeah? That's proving the point really. They can ban anything, claiming crypto is safe because it's decentralised is nonsense. Decentralisation does not protect from regulations.
@_date: 2018-03-11 10:36:30
I agree it's not enforceable to the point of completely wiping out crypto, but that's not important. The price would be decimated, all promising projects would vanish. Supply chain tracking? Voting? Finance applications? Gone. Crypto would be back to buying drugs on Darknet and potentially be used in countries facing economic collapse. The majority of people would not benefit from holding it.
Obviously I don't think this will happen, that would be ridiculous. But decentalisation does not prevent assets being banned.