@_author: aburaschi
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:06:19
You are very welcome. Join us tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:27:59
[AB] Yes, that's indeed a great quote. Almost 20 years ago, M. Friedman did see this happening. Funny that some in academic circles are now resistant to the developments in decentralized networks ecosystems. We hope this paper will help grounding the discussion around some rigorous arguments.
@_date: 2018-04-15 14:03:22
Thanks! Here is a quick summary of the setup and key findings.
This article provides the first equilibrium framework to address the question of what is the fundamental value of bitcoins. On the demand side, we assume that consumers value the consumption of services in a decentralized peer-to-peer (P2P) trustless network that has the property of being censorship resistant. On the supply side, the miners, who provide computing resources that affect the network’s trustworthiness (“trust” hereafter) need to be incentivized to do so. In the emerging equilibrium, bitcoins serve two functions: an incentive to miners and a token to conduct exchanges to consumers. The value of the token is the solution of a fixed-point problem that characterize the interaction of miners and consumers. 
We find that two equilibria exist. One in which the fundamental value of bitcoins is zero. If, however, network trust increases “fast enough” near a price of zero, an equilibrium with a strictly positive price exists. can also be shown to exist if at least some agents in the economy values censorship resistance. 
 
* The price increases with the number of network participants and the average censorship aversion value. Furthermore, if consumers expect a higher (lower) network size in the future, the market clearing price increases (decreases) today. 
* Thus, high volatility in expectations on network size will translate into high price volatility. 
* Equilibrium prices can display (perfectly rational) volatility spirals. 
* Perhaps counterintuitively, the price decreases with the marginal cost of mining, which is driven by factors such as electricity costs, due to the reduction in the equilibrium network trust (measured in hashrate), thus reducing the bitcoin valuation. 
* The price increases in the number of miners. In the limit, when mining is perfectly competitive, we show that the cost of mining a bitcoin is a constant proportion of the price and that proportion only depends on the curvature of the cost function and not on other supply-side parameters.
7.	Finally, there exists an optimal “monetary policy”. The price is not monotonic in the inflationary reward offered to miners. For small values of the reward, bitcoin injections increase the incentive for miners to provide trust; however, above a given threshold, the effect becomes negative due to the debasing influence of bitcoin inflation. The model thus implies an “optimal monetary policy” regarding an inflation rate that maximizes the market capitalization of Bitcoin. This is relevant for those designing decentralized coin-based ecosystems.
  
Best, Andrea
@_date: 2018-04-16 13:09:45
Andrea Buraschi here:
Hi there - It is quite possible that there will demand for different derivatives, one being options. Certainly having a theoretical framework that allows to value bitcoins (or DNA) should help the development of such a market. 
Think about the impact that Black and Scholes (1973) had for traditional equity options.. 