@_author: acaciosc
@_date: 2017-04-12 11:31:43
This is kinda offtopic, "moron". Basically, I asked two questions, if you didn't notice:
Does BitLicense/regulation offer protection to users of exchanges? If yes, how so? See the details to my question in the description.
According to  , a governmental website without even SSL, Bitlicense includes "Key Consumer Protection": what does that mean?
@_date: 2017-07-21 12:01:27
Nah, it isn't. Just trying to sound kinda offensive, just to become a meme. And I'm not even Christian.
@_date: 2017-07-21 05:06:55
What is "sooo" funny about it? Bizarre? Ofc... but funny?
@_date: 2016-07-25 22:06:17
it wastes a HUGE amount of electricity due to the way the transactions are confirmed: through resource-intensive cycles. Thanks to both a high power consumption that typical cryptocurrencies draws and the price os ASICs, it's pretty hard to ROI (ROI: Return of Investment). Hell, it's hard to ROI even with free electricity, because ASICs are expensive - graphics card are so expensive as well in third world countries! So, unless you have an amazing amount of money to invest in ASICs (which would be ironic, since you generally mine expecting to be rich - again, *unless* you are kinda dumb), Bitcoin mining isn't a safe investment. In this scenario, it's comparable to investing in freaking lottery tickets: you have to buy them thinking that you most probably will just waste money. And here you have "bonuses": you will have to hear annoying noises every single day, take care of maintenance, cooling, administrative skills, and so on...
If you live in a first world country: LUCKY BASTARD! Just kidding. You can try investing in graphics card, which is safer, because of lower break even point. Besides, you will be able to sell your graphics card for gamers and such (that is, supposing they will still be working, because you gotta use them for intensive tasks, running 24x7 :P).
Don't fully trust in profitability calculators, too, because there are high variations of difficulty, which directly affect profitability. That means that you can see a profitability calculator showing that you will receive 2 dollars per day and tomorrow *POOF*: 1 dollar per day.
Let Bitcoin for the Chinese. They don't have to pay a huge amount of money with shipping costs and import taxes. They also pay pennies in electricity cost. If you live in the USA, though, maybe you can find ASICs locally and have a good deal. But don't forget to pay attention to the ROI thing. Anything higher than 4 months is too risky. Profitability calculators are able to estimate how long it will take to ROI. Just add 1 month more, for safety purposes (remember that the difficulty spikes will be frequent, along with volatility in Bitcoin's price and maybe downtime, depending on external factors where you live).
Unfortunately, cryptocurrencies couldn't solve one of the biggest problems in our real world: inequality.