@_author: accessroberto
@_date: 2018-10-08 14:06:05
Welcome to Japan.
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:58:03
There is no crypto backed currency in Portugal. It is not like Venezuela. Plus, the political climate in Portugal is quite stable. This is about people opting to use BTC. Legislation regarding this is not set up yet, but if you use BTC in a business transaction, you will have to declare that to the IRS. If you are just HODLing or doing some transactions, even if profiting, you don't have to, so far...
@_date: 2019-01-03 11:01:01
As long as they issue a receipt, they won't be avoiding taxes. Plus, the customer (if Portuguese tax payer), can get a 15% tax refund of the 23% tax that is already included on the price, whether the restaurant pays their taxes or not.
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:53:49
What's really European?
It has been pointed out that this is a way to combat fiscal fraud, which is widespread in Portugal.
Have you ever been to a country where the local pay a cheaper entrance ticket to a museum, but tourist pay full price? Did you know that youngsters up to 26 years don't pay to enter the Louvre, if they are European, non-EU citizens must pay.. Did you know that many tourists pay an extra tax just to stay over at some cities in some countries?
There must always be a compromise. Even BTC has to compromise. Let's be civilized above all. Just to be clear, I hate paying taxes in Portugal. I think paying taxes is a civilized act, because it is a way to contribute to well-being of everyone. After all, who wants to live in a shitty country? And this is why I hate paying taxes in Portugal, because the money is not well spent, and cities like Lisbon are very cool for tourists, but crappy for residents. So where is my tax money going?
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:59:35
First time I paid with BTC in Lisbon was back in 2015, using Xapo. Obviously only I knew I was using BTC.
@_date: 2019-01-03 22:30:07
Socialists governments (left-ish or right-ish) have always governed Portugal. Did you know that Europeans elected the Portuguese Finance Minister as the Best Finance Minister of 2018? I personally disagree, but I didn't go to Harvard anyway.
Anyway, indeed it is good to have such accountability to an external supranational body, which is the EU. Like everything else there are ups and downs. But I believe that you need a better understanding of Portugal in order to comprehend why this is what it is, and why it is about to end...
@_date: 2019-01-03 22:48:14
No problem, you can dislike it anyway, I wouldn't be offended. The first time I experienced price discrimination was in Pakistan, when paying to enter the National Museum in Karachi. I criticized saying that it wasn't fair, but then my Fininsh friend next to me said that that was quite common in Finland. Actually, maybe it was in Russia. Can't remember.
But anyway, you don't actually see that in Portugal. Although with a socialist government, the country is quite liberal when it comes to civil liberties and freedom of expression (not so good for businesses, however).
Just yesterday I was finishing reading this (a little outdated) book by Tyler Cowen, "Average is Over", where he clearly points out what is happening in Portugal. Here's that passage:
"A lot more of Mediterranean Europe is going to look like southern Italy and Sicily: somewhat empty in terms of economically successful enterprises on a large scale. It will rely more on tourism and more on retirees and government transfers, but overall the fiscal problems of these regions will worsen and they may lose some political autonomy."
And this is actually happening. Then again, the government is trying to balance this by promoting the country as a place for highly specialized companies to settle (and young human capital is actually coming), while trying to become a key-player on China's OBOR, by developing the much needed deep-water port of Sines (one of the biggest in Europe and underutilized).
Believe it or not, Portugal has a very good geo-political strategy, set up after the end of the dictatorship, but hardly put to practice (only recently it is openly spoken by politicians, because, you know, we're not relevant in the EU, never were, and most likely never will). Anyway, that's another story. 
@_date: 2019-01-03 22:21:22
Indeed.