@_author: accessofevil
@_date: 2014-04-14 10:36:50
Why won't they ban "cancer" and AIDS from They're cured twice a week.
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:09:01


This goes for everything, hacked or otherwise.
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:15:32
I read "and certainly deserves to add a company" in context of the rest of the document as
To: people with shitloads of cash that can bail them out
From: people groveling on their knees and "owning up to" their mistakes.
I put "owning up to" in quotes because the rest of the document reads like "I promise I'll never drink and hit you again, baby.  For real this time."
Had they been able to get away with this and lie their way out of it completely they would have.  They are only going to come clean as "fess up" as they see necessary to continue manipulating and getting what they want.
This feels like I'm watching made for TV movie on the women's channel.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:03:37
I understood that reference.
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:24:06
Europe didn't have an American record label funded campaign to smear and parody the dance genre either.
Basically, all the dance music money was going to European artists.  So the US labels conspired to kill it.
And then.... Michal Jackson.
People think pop culture happens on accident.  It does, sometimes.  But sometimes it's also manufactured.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:40:11
So rather than listen to a list of common reasons why you might see this from someone that has seen said common reasons, and on a topic you know nothing about, you're going to stick to your conspiracy theory.
It did not have to be on purpose. It doesn't matter how many other pages are on the site.  That's another reason why you're not qualified to make this up.
Sorry.  In not trying to defend them.  I'm trying to keep you from embarrassing yourself.  It's mind boggling how this community spits all over the msm for getting the basics wrong on subjects they know nothing about, then does exactly the same thing.
I'm sorry again. I should let you guys have your fantasy.  I shouldn't be replying if I can't do it nicely.  I know that. 
 Maybe someone reading this would like to know from someone that actually knows how this stuff gets done.
Do you even know what it means when there is a 404?  .... Never mind....
@_date: 2014-02-16 16:06:59


This is absolutely true.  Most people aren't paying attention to what you say so much as how you say it.  (And who laughs or leans in when you do.  This is why lowering your voice in a loud setting can get you a lot closer or more attention...)
Keep things casual and fun.  
Having said that, I don't think the OP's description is too much.  But I wouldn't go any further unless there is significant, obvious interest in the topic.  
The OP's text is right at the limit of the point where someone's eyes are going to glaze over if they're not interested in what you're saying.  But "Internet cash" is so short that it could be a little condescending if the person with whom you're talking was interested.  And it doesn't really satisfy the "isn't it just paypal?" automatic thought in response.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:33:13
That's exactly how I saw it.  
How did any of us make it to 17?  I'm not judging the guy for what he did as a kid, but clearly he didn't get shafted.
@_date: 2014-03-04 23:37:22
What you're describing (replacing javascript) is an infrastructure problem.
Mounting /var as ro (in fact most of your mount points) on the san goes a long way to preventing a lot of those kinds of shenanigans.
I'm shocked at how many systems even have /var mounted as executable.  Shocked.
Using your back end to write basic HTML to the front end is what the defcon guys do, for example.
Mtgox was not unique in their lack of a test environment.  Sony's security and practices were actually far worse.  What Sony did was the equivalent of mtgox giving any developer using their api full access to all production data.
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:37:35
Generally the answer to this question is yes.
HTTP is stateless, that means each time you click something new on the page, your computer makes a completely new connection to the server and there is no relationship to the last time (when the server sent you the page you were already looking at.)
The way the server remembers that you are who you said you were is with cookies.  (There are a couple of other things, but that's the main idea.)  The server has a session for you in memory, and when a request comes in with your session ID in a cookie, it formats the page for what you should see.  (Again, there are other things in place but this is the basic idea.)
Most sites will set up as many sessions as there are logins.  This makes sense with something like Gmail, where you're logged in to multiple computers at once.
Other sites require you to be logged in no more than one time.  In this case, the server software will only build a session for one user, or save that session ID in the database.  So on a new login event, your old session ID will be overwritten and in effect you'll be logged out. 
This is also why banking sites will time you out after ~5 minutes of inactivity.  They have no idea if you're still on the site or not, since the connection with the server was closed as soon as your browser finished downloading everything it needed.  (Simplification a bit, and some modern things will keep connections open in various ways, but this is the basic idea.)
Uh, so the answer to your question is they can definitely do so while you're logged in, because a web server has no way to know if that's just you logging in from another computer, or even if you just moved from wifi to cell, etc etc....
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:02:00


Let's find out how he really feels with an *exclusive* interview!
@_date: 2014-02-17 00:50:00
Lots of shirtless dudes with six packs, and girls in bikini tops?
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:24:49
If they felt they had more to gain from what would happen to the market if they cashed out all those losses, while getting access to the customer base and brand, they would.
I'm not saying that's what would happen.  But someone may have a plan that is roughly along those lines.
Crazier shit has happened.  Like when Porsche tried to buy VW, a company many times larger, by borrowing a few billion. They wound up making billions because of what it did to the value of the VW stock they were buying.  And now today VW has bought itself back and fully owns Porsche.  It's like a German telenovela.
I know when expressed as percentages and all that we are talking about different numbers.  My point is just that interesting things can still happen.  Having said that, my money is literally on interesting things not happening.  But I'm in it for the long haul.  I honestly don't care what happens in the next 6 months because I don't think it will mean shit in 5 years.
But why make billions when we could make... millions?
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:56:40
But this is reddit.  The only thing girls are interested in *is* money.
@_date: 2014-03-17 12:45:30
I still do it.  See?
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:14:32
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:21:53
Ok I did a quick google on brainwallet.
You messed up on your password.  Not the key.
There is a big, big difference between the two.  Hence the confusion.
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:50:47
The thing is, death threats are more dangerous to btc than to Mark.  Being OK with them is one of poorer decisions this community is making for itself.
How is this for a headline: "Bitcoin CEO in hiding from death threats." You know it can happen.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:42:22
Maybe he's trying to get the price to come back down so he can pick some more up.
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:20:00
I do this kind of thing for a living.
"Serious companies" do indeed leave comments like this in their markup.  And worse.  All the time.
It isn't source code, you would absolutely die if you saw what was in there.
@_date: 2014-08-07 10:59:15
People pretending to be idiots for fun will soon find themselves outnumbered by actual idiots who think they're in good company.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:01:19
Those are all figured into value per user.  Just like market cap and brand awareness.
Mtgox being in so much news and them saying nothing is the scummiest thing they could do to us, but it's probably going to help them get a better sell price.  
The buyer can release whatever kind of statement they want.
@_date: 2014-02-28 10:22:18
Because you still don't know when people are joking with you...
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:21:13
Never play with your rent money.
@_date: 2014-02-16 14:38:40
Dude, unless you are using very wrong terminology, that would not matter at all.  Not one bit.
This thread is either "I'm using words incorrectly," or, "my computer is infected.". I hope you figure out which one it is...
@_date: 2014-02-15 14:01:08
I don't know much about btc or kryptokit.
I do know a bit about netsec.
Unless kryptokit is inventing their own terminology, which would be horrendous, nobody guessed your private key.  That term is not being used correctly at all in this context.
Private keys are very long and randomly generated by your computer.  They are too long and random for a human to remember or enter.
The reason is that any kind of pattern in your password would make your encrypted data easy to guess.  And it needs to have a certain number of bits for the math to work to make it hard to brute force.
Private keys themselves are too long to remember, but short enough to safely encrypt with a human rememberable password.  So the private key should never leave your device.  That is why it's called private.  You never allow it to go anywhere.  Ever.
So even if your PK password was "12345," like what an idiot would use on their luggage, it wouldn't matter unless someone stole your PK by infection or otherwise getting access to your data.
So something is really, really wrong here.
@_date: 2014-04-01 11:55:57
It's worth noting that a shitty phone will probably have more than 40tb in ten years.  It's not really that much unless you look at it anachronistically.
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:48:15
I've seen plenty of these kinds of presentations.  What are you calling a "business document?"
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:57:53
As another developer, don't bother.  The speculators here have their own definitions of everything.  They're not going to believe you over the movie "Hackers."
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:49:00


That's how I read it as well.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:57:25
I agree.  But I absolutely would put some play money in this, and I have.  This is not something to be doing with money you need to eat.
I do pretty well at poker tables in Vegas.  But it's fun time, and could spend that same money on a snowboarding trip or hanging out somewhere in the pacific.
I also think the future of cryptocurrency is legit.  Real legit.  But it's like a volatile startup stock, minus the legal protections.
Again, not blaming victims, but putting food money in a volatile tech stock is not something I would do.  Not if it were Google, Apple, microsoft, Facebook, or anything else you can name at the point where cryptocurrency is now.
(Just realized aosp keyboard doesn't come with Microsoft in its dictionary for capitalization.  Ha!)
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:04:44
I thought his point was that the headline is "mtcox = bitcoin."
And the headline is basically that.
And headlines do impact investors.  A lot, on a day to day basis.  But not anybody in it for the long haul.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:31:17
There are as million reasons why it could be there as a mistake.
If they're using a cms, then to use your analogy, it's like giving someone a key ring to some one that doesn't know what it is with a note on it to put their keys there.
There are a lot of different workflows that would put information in the hands of whoever is updating this (shouldn't actually be a developer but many times it is) that could be a contractor or agency of some kind that is kept in the dark to an extent they wouldn't know this is a bad thing.
I wrote a larger reply on the topic.  I'm not trying to defend them.  I'm just trying to help stop you guys from embarrassing yourselves.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:47:48
The threats need to stop.  
What are "Bitcoin CEO in hiding due to threats" headlines going to do to btc prices?
I know shit's all emotional right now.  But I have something nice to say.  Be nice.
@_date: 2014-02-17 03:36:09
OK cool, thanks for the clarification.  It was an important detail.  Sorry for your loss!
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:46:22
I thought iron man.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:32:02
I really appreciated your response.
It may come down to us having different definitions of competence.  And I'll concede that yours is probably the right one.
I see that most people doing their jobs are barely able to complete their tasks.  They don't understand what or why they're doing what they're doing.  When things they do work, it's because they followed the directions they were given.
The reason this is dangerous is because their poor understanding of what they're doing won't allow them to recognize when or why they're not doing the right thing.  They can hammer nails.  But they have no idea that they should have used screws or joinery instead.  Or that the treated wood they used will corrode the nails unless they used a certain kind.  They don't recognize when these conditions occur, and the consequences aren't as immediately apparent as, say, a bad haircut.  As the time period between engineering a problem into place and its inevitable conclusion grows, it becomes harder to identify and correct problems and behaviors.
So I see time bombs in everything.  The Toyota firmware problem was inevitable for *years*.  As time went on the probability of it happening increased to certainty.  The business processes around writing and testing quality software are so different from that of designing aesthetically pleasing hardware that meets regulation, that until it became as obvious as a bad haircut (car accelerating uncontrollably,)  nobody ever realized it was a problem.  
Every car has software written that barely meets its requirements.  Every microwave.  Sometimes the engineers find workarounds or put things into place to get things to work a certain way, and it become "magic code" that can't be touched. It essentially becomes a black box.  You read about these occasionally in memoirs and such.  Sometimes these come out in lawsuits.  Black boxes are everywhere.  If not in the software for one of the chips in your DVR, maybe it's in the hardware.
The only hardware company that makes good software is NASA.
Mechanics barely know what they're doing when they work on your car.  They were trained and have certifications and can follow illustrated guides.  But they're really clueless.  Fortunately the consequences are fairly immediate, and the response is usually "replace everything," and the only casualty is your wallet.
A WiFi and router security reckoning is coming.  As soon as knowledge of the extent of incompetence of that whole industry reaches a few places in Russia, and after their current revenue streams dry up, it's coming.  It might be five or ten years out.  It may not be until ip6 is the norm.  But it is going to be bad.  Very bad.
Open source doesn't make you safe.  One of the most popular disk encryption packages is open source and widely used.  You can look at all the source code yourself.  It works great.  Millions of people use it.  *Nobody knows who made it.*  We don't know if it's safe.  But some smart dudes raised a lot of cash to spend time to audit it.  And then we're just going to be pretty sure it's OK.  Until the next version comes out. 
All of these people I'm taking about meet the legal definition of competence I'm sure.  But not mine.  What they do works accidentally, and only because they're replicating what they memorized in a classroom.   Only because parameters they don't understand or recognize happen to be close enough for what they're doing to still work.
I'm going to disagree slightly with your point about those who are qualified to manage mtgox already being well compensated and thus have no incentive to take the risk.  Well, I agree with what you said.  But every industry has exceptional leaders that innovate and seek challenges.  They seek new horizons.   There is a little bit of magic that needs to happen to get the right people together, though.  These people have a way of getting things done, and doing them well.
I have a joke that CEOs have to be at least 5% insane. They have to believe in something that isn't obvious or supported by data, and lead others to it.  If what they were doing was obvious, others would already have done it.
Cryptocurrency is a bit like nuclear.  It's clearly superior.  But every time it makes the news, people panic and get rid of it.  In reality, every time it makes the news it gets much safer and we should get more if it.  People don't behave rationally.
Thanks again for your reply.  It gave me some things to think about.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:48:10
I would be shocked if there isn't a Harvard Business study done on Mt. Gox in another decade or so.
@_date: 2014-03-04 23:41:25
Just to clarify this statement:
If you work for a company you are by definition a white hat.
Black and greys get hired and go white all the time.  Occasionally in lieu of jail time. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:16:52
View the source of their blank homepage.  They've got a placeholder for an "acq" message.
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:06:08
How we feel about mtgox is bad. But I'll bet a man on the street type survey would have strong associations with gox and magic internet money.  That's the kind of thing they'll be looking for.  How many people just know what it is.
As long as those people don't universally hate it, like disco, it's not likely to be as much of a problem as we think it is.
Again, not saying this is a good idea, and I'm not betting on it happening.  But a lot of this stuff is counterintuitive if you've never been through the process from the inside and see how it works firsthand.
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:10:05
For who?  There are many people in the workflow that don't know what HTML is.  Do you think most CFOs know that?
There are a ton of people in this thread that are calling html "source code." So there are people in this very thread that by your definition are impossible.
There are plenty of developers that don't know how skittish financial people are or how wild speculation can be.  Or maybe they have no idea what this text means.  They just know that later they're pushing up something called an acq announcement.  Maybe they're purposely kept in the dark.  
Maybe they're contractors, and this was left in a copy deck. 
This could be a comment that was entered into a cms which generated it and left this here because of something improperly set.  Or a difference between test and production.
Stuff like this can happen because one person is on PC and another on Mac.  Or they were on a different viewing mode.  They just pass documents around and copy/paste or upload what they're told to the cms because they went through qa, legal and brand already, so at the end of a long chain, someone pushes the big red button.
This stuff happens *all the time.*  
There are a million plausible reasons for this to be there accidentally and it wouldn't be the first time it's happened.  There is only one reason for it to be there purposefully.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:20:12
Because linking to comments encourages vote brigading.  Whatever the context and reaction of it at the time is lost once that happens when it's hindsight like this.
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:55:22
I just have to comment.
This is not to beat up on anyone that had significant assets tied up in gox. I'm not blaming the victim.
I've been following btc since it was making rounds in technology and security circles, which I followed for my career over the last 20 or so years.
I've worked with what I'll call "financial people" before. Such as people that managed VC money for people that cashed out at Microsoft, Atari, etc... And I've worked with various CFOs of companies you've heard of.
Comments in here like "At least Madoff issued a statement" made me realize btc is more of a finance people thing now than a cryptology or technology thing.
So that's where I'm coming from when I make the following observations:
1) The "death threats" you guys are implying here and talking about are simply shocking. I know it's an emotional time, but I don't think it is healthy for this community to tolerate and foster that kind of attitude. Every thread has the word "hitman" in it. I could write a whole post about why this is n bad for you guys.
2). Holy shit, do you guys speculate, and badly. Things I do know about I see layman comment on with what amounts to a Sky Magazine understanding of a topic, or less, and extrapolate ridiculous things from it. Technology reporting in mainstream media is baaaaaaad. You guys have seen some of this recently. Yet I see the same level of understanding of the technical and some business ethics topics in here, which are largely wrong and used to massive FUD effect.
Basically I think you guys act like a bunch of old ladies. You do the same shit you complain about the MSM doing amongst yourselves.
Almost everything you're "learning" in the comments from leaked website information and leaked documents to what level of incompetence this issue represents is super wrong.
It would terrify you people if you knew how *average* mtgox is in how they are handling this situation.
I know that is a very unpopular view, and I know shits all emotional right now, that's why I started by clarifying that I'm not blaming you.
Institutionalized incompetence exactly like this has led to far more money than what's at stake here being lost or stolen. It's responsible for people actually dying. Think BP and Toyota. Think medical errors and improper drug trials.
You could spend years at any business or law school researching the levels of incompetence at all levels of society. I'm not defending them. I'm not saying it's acceptable. 
But it is normal. Average might be a better word.
I'm saying you need to know that this shit happens more than it doesn't happen. People's SUV tires fail and their whole family dies. Literally. 
Do not assume that institutions you rely on are competent. As btc grows it there will be more loss. Just as how economies grow, losses grow as well. This will not be the last disaster and it won't be the worst. And that's one of the reasons why I think btc is here to stay.
Another way to put it is that btc is so young, it hasn't had time to have its Great Depression yet. In context of civilization timescales, this isn't even a footnote in the history of btc.
As long as this comment is, I failed to address their poor handling and lying about the situation.  Besides pointing out big obvious examples, like 2/3rds of the worst thermonuclear melt downs in human history, I will also tell you from experience that many companies, with names you know, will ignore, litigate, threaten, spin, or just give you an old fashioned lie when their hands are caught in the cookie jar.  Or if you find them being stupid.  This experience is from finding security vulnerabilities in software or networks.  A good company will send you a check for helping them.  Others will send you a lawyer.  
Oh yes, and I can practically guarantee you that your WiFi router has absolute shit security and most likely has a back door.  Many of the most popular routers, when you reverse engineer the firmware, will have things like a super password that works on every single model of that router regardless of any user settings.  And many computers are still susceptible to dns or dhcp attacks. You're welcome.
Anybody remember Bank of America intentionally losing loan documents?  People try to bury their turds.  And companies are made up of people.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:34:45
I have nothing in gox.  I'm just sitting here eating popcorn.
@_date: 2013-12-10 11:21:46
... Did you read the post you replied to?  Try again.
@_date: 2013-12-10 10:24:05
Appl will only allow a currency that would allow them to get their 30%.
Once they devise a way to do this, they will release it as a new feature and it will be "the greatest thing ever."
Until it is the greatest thing ever, it is bad, evil, and nobody really needs copy/paste anyway.