@_author: accidentlyporn
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:33:15
Isn't that what's scary? Even if your shit was true, in an idealized 100 days at current volume for $45m profit.
Except the volume in the past 60 days is equivalent to the entirely of the last 600. And that's just for 45m. There's 2.2bn right now. Which means there's no way in HELL exchanges are solvent in your scenario.
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:44:40
"Hard evidence" would be a complete collapse of Tether (see: BCC) and loss of trust in the cryptospace as a whole. I'm not sure if that's something we'd want...
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:26:28
Some clarifications: 
* If I print 100m, exchange for BTC, and use the value of BTC to "prove" backing, this is not the same as having fiat backing as they claim.
* If I print 100m, exchange for BTC, then back to fiat -- this is no different than printing money and creating artificial demand where there is none. This is fraud at its finest. Hopefully that's not what the Tether audit will show. (Unfortunately this is something Bitfinex has already alluded to doing).
* If you trade USDT for USD on Kraken or something, what you've done is **not** the same as redeem Tether. What you've done is an exchange, somebody else is holding your bag now. This does not legitimize Tether.
* Reserve banking in crypto is not at all the same as reserve banking in the real world (nevermind the fundamentals of crypto was to move away from this shit in the first place). Your USD is backed by the full power of the US gov't, economy, and its people. Your Tether is backed by this: 
 &gt;Tether is incorporated in Hong Kong with US offices in Santa Monica, CA and on the East Coast.
* If Tether falls, it won't just be a $2bn hit, gone with it is everything it's able to do for the market. Gone with it is the artificial demand it's created for months. Crypto needs a constant influx of new $ just to maintain price. $550m to prop up the crash this week, you won't have that kind of buy orders anymore.
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:34:53
I think all of the worrisome/contradicting info is really stuff you piece together on Tether's own website.
e.g. 


Care to guess what's happened with supply since?
Or how about just from 


Every tether is always backed 1-to-1, by traditional currency held in our reserves. So 1 USD₮ is always equivalent to 1 USD.
Wait but didn't you just announce you didn't have a bank? 
Our reserve holdings are published daily and subject to frequent professional audits. All tethers in circulation always match our reserves.
Of course. Tons of audits.
They recently updated their legal section regarding redeeming Tether too.
Not really a legal dude, but I think what it says is that you can't redeem unless you're a verified customer with Tether, and even then they don't really have to give you anything if they don't feel like it. Guess who has an account with Tether? Yeah basically nobody. Except for these people apparently who keep making these 100m deposits and 0 withdraws.
Oh yeah, and as a fuck you:




Gotta distance yourself from the long arms and regulations of the US gov't. I mean look what happened to BCC and being served C&amp;Ds.