@_author: accounttwopointoh
@_date: 2013-05-04 05:33:15
To all of the people who say bitcoin cannot be shut down on here are wrong. Well your right in a sense, they cannot just remove the block chain and delete everybody's wallets, but they can attack merchants and exchanges. The major exchanges could be shut down by the FBI/CIA/HS or whoever really wants to truly take down bitcoin, they could use any real reason they feel like throwing out there if it can carry enough weight. Im sure, black market drugs and weapons, transferring money untraceably around the world, possibly to fund terrorist, hell the IRS might even throw in a hat in the right and claim its primary use is tax evasion are all reasons why they would not like bitcoin. If the exchanges go down, bitcoin will likely survive, but certainly would have been delt a crippling blow for use as a world currency.
Now what if they decide to target business that accept bitcoin instead? I'm sure they could pass laws saying its illegal to use them for business  transactions or something like that. Highly unlikely, however it would scare off a lot of legitiment businesses who currently accept bitcoins. If there is no legal economy for bitcoin, then it will likely revert back to a black only currency.
What I'm getting at is they cannot physically remove bitcoins and stop its functionality, but they sure can take the wheel and steer it in a direction of their choosing. And your naive if you don't believe that there could be some wild card event that happens where it could suddenly be in the interest of governments to shut down crypto currencies.
Edit: Forgot to answer the OP's question. A lack of motive is the only real reason why they wouldn't shut it down when it becomes popular. It is hard to gage how it is viewed right now. Before I could imagine quite negatively being its primary uses in illegal activities. However with new businesses starting to accept and use bitcoin, it is improving the image. I guess time will tell what they decide to do, if anything at all.
@_date: 2013-04-04 13:02:45
Wasn't Napster shut down by the government? Hopefully not everything in your analogy is correct.
@_date: 2013-06-20 20:53:11
What's wrong with thinking 2 days to 5 days? Selling on a high and buying back in at a lower price is good. Make more money, which you and reinvest right back into bitcoin and have more of them than you started with.
@_date: 2013-05-04 13:31:27
I forgot about this possibly with the whole bitfloor thing. Would possibly make it easier, though most people are/were taking it well for the time being.
@_date: 2013-05-04 13:27:18
The damage is done though if they just go after the big ones. People panic when Mt. Gox went don't for an hour two. Could you imagine people's reaction to a FBI seized the domain webpage instead? That's irreversible damage done. Who would seriously trust putting any sort of wealth in bitcoin then.
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:50:04
To be fair some people on here believe fiat will eventually obsolete.
@_date: 2013-05-04 13:42:56


You forgot it could die out naturally and be replaced by another crypto currency. You don't know any more than I do the future of bitcoin.
Secure wise, bitcoin is secure for now. Doesn't mean it always will be. If somebody is able to exploit a bug they could do real damage to bitcoin. Also it's my understanding that if somebody controls 51% of the mining power they can double spend bitcoins in theory, security flaw there too.
You are right about uses and such of bitcoin, but uses alone don't justify a secure future.
@_date: 2013-07-19 01:49:00
Yeah shit gets stolen from doorsteps and such too. I meant more as which way would the government be more likely to fuck you. I'd take stole drugs anyway over being busted wouldn't you?
@_date: 2013-07-28 16:58:58


My favorite quote. Completely baseless echo chamber vomit. The guy is a fool for investing on advise like this. 
@_date: 2013-06-20 21:29:07
In that isn't right now is a good time to play the market? MTGOX's rates are/were inflated because of people not being able to withdraw dollars. Many are buying bitcoin, driving the price up artificially on one exchange, to safely secure their money and sell it in another exchange. So if you sell your bitcoin to MTGOX. At minimum you can buy right back in on a different exchange at a lower rare and you will clear the transaction fees because its between a 6 to 8 dollar difference. That small profit probably isn't worth it to your average bitcoin holder. But if somebody has 10 bitcoins or so, and a bank account where he can spend the money without neededing to wait for gox to pay out. Then what's wrong with that? 
I realize it is somewhat conditional for the person to have it already set up, but it's more about the idea. And for a fiscal opportunist it's not that bad of one.
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:50:10
People bought in at those prices because everybody was hyping it up. "It's either going to be worth 0 or 10000 dollars, where do you want to be." Personally I saw the bubble for what it was and didn't invest, was tempted around the 150 mark. I relearned of bitcoin around 70ish dollars a coin for reference. But for the unfortunate people who bought in late, I cannot blame them for selling. There is nothing that indicates bitcoin will ever be worth that high again. Might as well try to get the highest price while you can. In addition holding blindly for the long run is just risky. You can forget where you stored your coins. They could completely crash to zero and unless you are actively following the market you could miss it. Besides if your really in it for the long term sell your coins high and just buy more at a lower price.
@_date: 2013-07-18 19:41:44
If all your worried about is the government then the USPS is the most secure way to send drugs. The government has to jump through all sorts of hoops just to get a warrant to open any mail or package. It's not worth their time. Private companies don't need as much because they are private. It's almost ironic how things have gotten to this point. Some people claim sending data via snail mail is more secure than sending it via the Internet. Purely because of government  protection of rights of mail and a disregard to Internet privacy rights.