@_author: accujack
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:02:22
Good point.  Certainly if a large number were dumped on an exchange, that would trigger instability more or less "instantly".
I think that the answer lies somewhere in between the concern caused by a "normal" bit-financier with several million and having an exchange flooded.  There's a multiplying factor involved because of who the founder (who may or may not be the person in Newsweek) is that would make it more of an event, and certainly those transactions would be "noticed" more than those of any other individual, even one of the top 100.
I suspect there would be other factors involved, including the general state of the bitcoin market, chronological proximity to other major bitcoin events (like Mt. Gox), etc.
It is, as you say, an interesting mental exercise.  
I wonder if at the simplest level that knowing who the founder is (if it is indeed him) makes people more or less trusting of the currency than if his status is "A mysterious japanese student"?
@_date: 2014-11-06 18:16:18
Did a Google search for more news on this.  A couple of the articles mentioned that A) It was brand new SP30 hardware and B) The owner was not insured.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:24:35
I'm trying not to be conspiracy minded, but I think this may be a fib on the reporter's part.
It's possible she received an "anonymous tip" where the caller told her where the founder was and demanded anonymity for doing so, or just didn't give his/her name.
Think about it... a reporter who apparently has little technical knowledge (or common sense, apparently) suddenly manages to track down the reclusive individual responsible for Bitcoin, where others with more internet savvy have failed.  
Hypothetically, if the government wanted to devalue Bitcoin before it gets any bigger because A) It's a currency they can't control and B) It's used for things like the Silk Road, they could do so through information warfare.  
If they believe that forcing the founder to spend or move his bitcoins would destabilize the currency, all they'd have had to do is locate him and provide a "hot tip" to a clueless reporter, and let the mob do the rest...
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:05:15
... and he regained privacy protections when he ceased to be a public figure.  He's been uninvolved in Bitcoin for years, and indications are that he's never going to spend the initial bitcoin blocks he mined.  Doing so would not be good for Bitcoin as a whole.
He gave the world a gift for free, and wanted to be left alone.  Newsweek decided it was more important to make a little bit of money than to respect him.  Jerks.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:02:43


Seriously?  Something tells me you're awfully young and/or naive.  
There are plenty of individuals with money in the US, it's true, but most millionaires don't have their faces plastered all over Newsweek and the web for creating Bitcoin.  Most millionaires spend their money for protection as needed, it goes with the territory.  Most millionaires don't have access to $300 million in nearly untraceable currency that can be used to buy everything from cars to drugs in the deep web.  It's almost impossible for cops to catch people who steal bitcoins, just look at Mt. Gox and similar robberies.
This guy suddenly has enough information posted for people to find him, he apparently has no private security, and he somewhere has the keys to $300 million that he can't or won't use to protect himself.
Hopefully, he can disappear.  If not, he's got to improve his security FAST.
You think he's safe because he lives in first world country?  You need to re-think that.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:08:14
I hope like hell it's not him... otherwise his life is going to suddenly become hell, or even shortened considerably.
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:14:51
I also am neither Dorian nor Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:59:07
In the US, there's a major corporation with patents on the inhaler design that was able to ensure only their inhaler design could be used legally, thus giving them a legally enforced monopoly on inhaler delivered drugs in the US.
The company is DuPont, if you're curious.
In theory the legal backing was supposed to prevent an older inhaler design from being used because the propellant in the older design was harmful to the ozone layer (at the time it was a big deal, now not so much).  DuPont took advantage of the transition to gain an advantage for their design and their chosen propellant.
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:29:20


Good idea... piss a whole lot of people off, oppress them, then hand them an arsenal.
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:28:14
Unless you're a corporation and arguing in front of the US supreme court.