@_author: acepincter
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:56:22
It's kind of like how if you have a pile of locks and a pile of unmatched keys, they have little value until paired up with the lock- then it has function.  [Tally Sticks]( were medieval currency that symbolized debt, and were made of two halves of willow of which the lender would keep one half (it would only ever match up with the other half)  Bitcoin's cryptography and mathematical basis is not far from the way a natural wood-grain's uniqueness was used to produce a token symbolizing a deposit.
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:40:18
Do you count most of the things you own that lose value year-after-year as assets?
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:58:30
gold is still used for electroplating conductors in electronics and microelectronics, not just cables.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:18:16
War is hell.  no doubt about it.
@_date: 2018-03-06 20:41:05
I've actually been spreading around an idea.  It's pretty simple.  We know the kids feel like no one is listening to them, and they are losing faith in the democratic process, and they are the ones who have to live in the confines of whatever policy is decided upon, and they are the ones with the most face time with teachers.
If we're talking about arming teachers, Let every class vote (Yes/No) on whether they would feel safer with their teacher allowed access to a firearm!  And then implement it based on the democratic process and consent of the governed.  
Think about it.  Who best to know which teachers are the kind of people that engender trust in the kids they would ostensibly be meant to protect?  You simultaneously gain real data on teachers, schoolchildren's anxiety levels, and re-engage youth with the democratic process, for it is by the consent of these children that are *governed* by their teacher for 6 hours a day.  What could be more American than that?  A democratic solution that everyone has a stake in?  Democracy can be a solution.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:56:42
You're right, and we (as a people) aren't in agreement on what an ideal society should look like.  We have a few ideas, hunches, feelings, theories, and hopes...  But overall, division about how we really want to live and what things we are willing to accept.  So we don't even have a direction to point to.  
@_date: 2018-03-06 16:21:39
Oh, I agree with you on that one.  The only place we seem to disagree (at the core) is at the sheer size/scale of the military machine, with so many important, interconnecting parts, and so many dependencies, that they are very likely to fall victim to the law of diminishing returns, and scale back drastically their presence if such attacks become common.  Or collapse entirely.  Remember, Sun Tzu admits that "the will of the people" is the most important element in a war.  To be on the wrong side of the people is to be fighting uphill.
That's how you fight a machine.  You don't shoot the armor.  Instead you remove the fuel, confuse the drivers, cripple a leg, steal the repair tools, blind their eyes and ears by targeting their comms, force them to exhaust their resources via the element of panic and unpredictability, and eventually force the machine to consume itself.
@_date: 2012-08-02 17:09:18
I like it.  At some point we will have to democratize monetary creation, however.  A fixed pool of any currency will, eventually, become victim to hoarding and price-gouging.
@_date: 2018-03-06 13:25:53
If you're familiar with The Art of War, you'll not be using that AR-15 to fight off an attack helicopter.  That would be stupid.  Instead, you'll use the weapon to hijack the oil truck delivering fuel to the helicopter refueling pad and starve them out. Or use the weapon to shoot the fuel tanks, or the guards that deny your group access to sabotage the base, or to put thermite charges on the engines of the APCs and run away and hide.  A few dollars could destroy a 12mil plane.  That's how the battle becomes equalized.  
Not that I envy the rebel with that job.  Just saying.  