@_author: acerblogic
@_date: 2018-01-02 20:25:05
Have you done this for Bitcoin lately?
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:42:51
Except the long-term trend over the last eight years has been one of ever-increasing transaction volume as new users enter the Bitcoin community and usage increases. Brief periods of stability are the exceptions rather than the norm.
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:27:31
The problem is Bitcoin is actively moving away from it's original mission and clear promise. Just look at the home page of Bitcoin.org where it prominently states, "Fast peer-to-peer transactions", and "Low processing fees". Objectively these are now flat-out lies. Almost every other cryptocurrency is truer to these promises now than Bitcoin (Segwit / Core).  
Yes, it is still king in market cap, but based on what? Without utility it is a de facto Ponzi scheme, and despite the efforts of an unethical minority, there is no real barrier to new entrants coming to realize this eventually. Before the transaction congestion began, Bitcoin owned &gt;95% of the total cryptocurrency market cap. At that time it was very true that in comparison, almost no one was using other cryptos. But since the onset of these forced fee markets, that has dropped as low as ~40%. No one may have been using other cryptos before, but usage on them has certainly accelerated rapidly. True, this latest market surge has briefly brought Bitcoin (SegWit / Core)'s dominance back up to almost 65%, but it remains to be seen if that momentum will continue. To me, it already looks like it's backsliding, and based on fundamentals (the fact that it's underpinned by almost no utility compared to freely available alternatives), I can't imagine it will continue regaining dominance in any longer term.  


In fact this is exactly what I'm disputing. New users are **buying** Bitcoin, but as long as it stays on an exchange I wouldn't call that actually "using" Bitcoin. As soon as they try to take the next step, they'll immediately realize what it means that some are trying to force it to be a "store of value" with almost no "peer-to-peer cash" utility. That's already making for a lot of angry realizations, and that trend is only going to accelerate.  


Personally, I think that even if this were to happen now it would only solve less than half the problem. The centralized group that has deliberately altered "Bitcoin" from what it once was to what we see today, must at the very least also be "decentralized".  
e: grammar
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:03:20
How can Bitcoin be "king" as store of value when others offer the same function *with actual usability*?  
I've never believed that a working system should be intentionally strangled in favor of elusive and unproven alternatives. Let all options compete openly, as they emerge. SegWit was claimed to be an immediate scaling relief at activation, and Lightning was to due be released in summer of 2016. Markets will not sit by idly and simply wait for promised innovation to materialize, nor is there anything in open-source systems that prevents competitors from adopting the same such innovations as soon as they do finally emerge.  
There may be a wave of new, relatively uninformed entrants bringing fresh capital into Bitcoin now, but huge fees and impaired usability will provide a rude awakening, and will serve to educate them about functional alternatives rapidly.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:37:07
The problem is the choice is far from a simple dichotomy (Bitcoin vs. Gold). The reality is there is a growing universe of cryptocurrencies out there that are stores of value *and* useful peer-to-peer electronic currencies, and the already small barrier to go from Bitcoin to a more useful alternative is shrinking every day.