@_author: aciotti
@_date: 2015-12-04 14:28:15
In any form of Democratic political system (Direct or Representative), the people are supposed to be an arm of the government.  Self Rule after all.  Ergo, the People are the Government as well, and they are decreeing that such things have value.
The consensus thing is just another word for a vote that people get confused by.  A person voices their opinion (vote) and the majority of the populace that shares that opinion (vote) = a consensus.
It is all fiat currency if it is not food, air, water, or earth.
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:04:51
Two people "agreeing" on things forms a body of authority.  They decide that what they "agree" on together is the ruling decision, giving way to whatever they may individually like over all.
And in many cases, it is well more then just 2 people.  And yes, I know words have meaning, I cited merriam webster before you did further down in this chain of comments.
You are trying to ignore what a "Government" actually is, and how "authority" is derived.
As just stated previously, but in another way:  Consent of the Governed.
The 2 parties (or more as the case may be and usually is) Consent to be Governed by the group decision.  They are just taking an active role in deciding what that Group Consensus is and agree to be governed by it as well.  It is all fairly simple to follow along with.
Government: the group of people who control and make decisions for a country, state, etc.
: a particular system used for controlling a country, state, etc.
: the process or manner of controlling a country, state, etc.
1 : the act or process of governing
No special dictionary needed. Just a basic understanding that a "Government" is nothing more then a body of people making decisions for a populace (a populace that they are usually a part of and being governed by the same rules and decisions).
And in the case of something like a Democracy, that is the general populace controlling and decreeing what widgets are acceptable trade widgets and their supposed "value".
You seem to be under the delusion that a "Government" (nothing more then an inanimate concept) HAS to be some mega over riding system of mechanics, when in reality, it can be quite a simple thing. Such as a group of the general populace, just standing around chatting about an issue and how to resolve it.
Homeowners Associations would be an easy example, they are a group of people governing the rules and mechanics of their little sub-society. AKA a governmental body.
@_date: 2015-12-05 13:42:57
So you and your wife both own it and govern how you are going to use it.  Got it.
Congratulations on being in the same situation that millions of others are in.
@_date: 2015-12-04 13:55:47
While it may be "up", what many people forget to look at is the mechanics by which we figure the "value" of money.  It is the Subjective Theory of Value that it is being used... Subjective being the important part there.
So it doesn't really man a whole lot.  All one is truly stating is that they happen to place more faith in Candy Land money versus Monopoly money.  And gold would be Chutes and Ladder's money.  See the reply to "Hero of Athens" to see why gold is fiat as well.
It is all based on faith and want.  Faith that another person will reliably trade you for whatever widget happens to be deemed a trade widget.
And "want" of that trade widget because of the supposed faith you have in it.
These are the base mechanics, everything else beyond that is just twists in the maze to confuse the general public.  Justifications one could say.
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:49:35
I am not denying that it would make a better tool of trade then a coconut per-se; my main point is that it really isn't any different then any other fiat widget of trade; as opposed to a dollar bill or a piece of gold.
And once in circulation, it falls prey to all the same system design flaws that any other widget of a money system encounters, ie it can be centralized / concentrated in a few hands; the fact that it is still all based in the faith of humans that other humans will accept it as a trade medium; if and when it does become concentrated in a few hands, it can then be used as leverage to coerce others and entire populations.
@_date: 2015-12-04 14:32:41
That was just a simple example for people to follow along with.  Nor does gold really have any more utility then a paper fiat, with the exception that it is a good conductor for some electronic equipment.  But gold has been used for much longer then its conductive properties were really known about.
Just like with the paper note, its utility for trade ends as soon as people stop accepting it for trade, decreeing that it has value to them and will accept it for trade.
Another easy example, yourself and I happen to be wherever (it could be the modern world, it could be post apocalyptic) and you have a stash of gold.
I happen to have a home and have food, water, and arms on this homestead.
You come up wanting to trade some of your gold for food, water, and / or arms.  I would laugh at you.  What the hell would I want that gold for, I have the important things.
As soon as people don't accept it for trade (just like the paper note) it looses its utility.
"And crypto has some utility regarding it's network security and decentralized nature."
And here you are falling right into the trap that I had already mentioned; that its means of production is moot to the mechanics of how it acts once it is in circulation.  Once it is in circulation, it can become centralized (the supply of it can become horded) just like any other currency.
Money centralization doesn't have to deal with the means of production, it can be done at the circulation level as well.
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:43:39
If you can't post an intelligent rebuttal, you really just shouldn't post anything at all.
The reality is, you wouldn't be able to post an intelligent rebuttal though since the reality is, "Value" and "Worth" are all just based off of the emotion of "Want".
The rest are just justifications for their "Want" of that substance or how much they "Want" in trade for that substance.  But it always comes back to "Want".
@_date: 2015-12-04 14:24:09
Perhaps one doesn't want to be rescued.  Either way, it is moot to the reality of gold being fiat.
Hell, you can polish crap (yes actual feces) to such a shine that it has a higher rating then chrome.
Mythbusters actually did it.
@_date: 2015-12-04 16:15:59
That is just untrue.  You just fail to look at what a "Government" truly is, and how "Authority" is derived.
Two people "agreeing" on things forms a body of authority. They decide that what they "agree" on together is the ruling decision, giving way to whatever they may individually like over all.
And in many cases, it is well more then just 2 people. And yes, I know words have meaning, I cited merriam webster before you did further down in this chain of comments.
You are trying to ignore what a "Government" actually is, and how "authority" is derived.
As just stated previously, but in another way: Consent of the Governed.
The 2 parties (or more as the case may be and usually is) Consent to be Governed by the group decision. They are just taking an active role in deciding what that Group Consensus is and agree to be governed by it as well. It is all fairly simple to follow along with.
Government: the group of people who control and make decisions for a country, state, etc.
: a particular system used for controlling a country, state, etc.
: the process or manner of controlling a country, state, etc.
1 : the act or process of governing
No special dictionary needed. Just a basic understanding that a "Government" is nothing more then a body of people making decisions for a populace (a populace that they are usually a part of and being governed by the same rules and decisions).
And in the case of something like a Democracy, that is the general populace controlling and decreeing what widgets are acceptable trade widgets and their supposed "value".
You seem to be under the delusion that a "Government" (nothing more then an inanimate concept) HAS to be some mega over riding system of mechanics, when in reality, it can be quite a simple thing. Such as a group of the general populace, just standing around chatting about an issue and how to resolve it.
Homeowners Associations would be an easy example, they are a group of people governing the rules and mechanics of their little sub-society. AKA a governmental body.
When you don't forget to account for the reality of what a "Government" is and how "Authority" is derived, it is quite simple to see how gold or any other thing / substance (if it is not food, air, water or earth) are fiat.
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:33:24
Government: the group of people who control and make decisions for a country, state, etc.
: a particular system used for controlling a country, state, etc.
: the process or manner of controlling a country, state, etc.
1 :  the act or process of governing
No special dictionary needed.  Just a basic understanding that a "Government" is nothing more then a body of people making decisions for a populace.
And in the case of something like a Democracy, that is the general populace controlling and decreeing what widgets are acceptable trade widgets and their supposed "value".
You seem to be under the delusion that a "Government" (nothing more then an inanimate concept) HAS to be some mega over riding system of mechanics, when in reality, it can be quite a simple thing.  Such as a group of the general populace, just standing around chatting about an issue and how to resolve it.  
Homeowners Associations would be an easy example, they are a group of people governing the rules and mechanics of their little sub-society.  AKA a governmental body.
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:23:17
"What does that have to do with anything? Concentration in the market doesn't affect the authenticity or security or said currency."
I will start here; you are the one that brought up centralization, so it has to do with that.  Hence why I mentioned centralization (concentration) has nothing to do with its means of production, but how it acts once it is in circulation.
"Purity for one, you can authenticity. Jewelry, it looks pretty, its very malleable. We have 10,000 years of consistent use as proof of utility."
Why they chose gold is irrelevant.  It comes back to the base reason of "Want".  If a person, or group of people have no desire for it, then whatever properties it may have are irrelevant since one would not be able to trade it for anything since it would not be accepted.
People of the past just wanted it for various reasons; some were impressed by its color (it is fairly unique, but unimportant), some thought it was tied to the divine, and other cultures had no desire for it at all, such as many N. American Native people.  They had access, they knew of its existence, but just had no desire for it since it had no real use.
It all really boils down to if People WANT it or not, that is the base.  Everything else beyond that is just justifications for why that particular substance is chosen as a trade widget; but that in no way negates the fact that it is all WANT at its base.
The only "utility" of any trade widget is the WANT of the people, which is usually based in the FAITH that it will be accepted as a trade widget.  If it is not, then it looses that Utility.
@_date: 2015-12-04 13:49:16
Gold and crypto are both fiat as well.
An easy example:
You are alone on an island with just a pile of coconuts and a pile of gold, which has "value" and why?
Well, even if you hate the flavor of coconuts, they will provide nourishment and keep you alive.  They will also provide hydration, and even kindling to start a fire with.  What will that pile of gold provide?  You can't even make a tool out of it, it is too soft.
Hence the "value" of gold is only out of decree, the exact definition of Fiat.  Some just happen to want it because they like the color or have been brainwashed / enculturated to think it gives them status.  So by their decree, motivated by their "want", they decreed it has "value".
Food, air, water, earth are the only things with intrinsic value to life.
Crypto is pretty much the same thing.  It really is no different then using a bank card in which you bypass carrying around paper notes, just a bunch of electronic signals passing back and forth placing imaginary credits in one account or another.
Mainly the bitcoiners try to get people to focus on how it is produced, while ignoring the fact that the means of producing it is irrelevant to any money / currency and how it behaves once it is in circulation.
Nor is it "free" to produce like many of them like to claim.  First off, one would need servers, electronic equipment to even begin to farm it, so there is start up costs right there.  Then one needs electricity to keep those servers running, so no we are looking at an electricity bill to keep on mining.
One could be on all solar power you say?  Well there is more start up and upkeep costs then, first installation of said solar panels, along with all the wiring and such, and batteries to store the power.
And of course upkeep and replacement of parts as they break or just wear out.
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:12:43
It's properties are irrelevant to whether it is Fiat or not.  It has no intrinsic value to life (it is not a NECESSITY of life), ergo any "value" it has really just comes down to the emotion of "Want".
People "Want" it for various reason, therefore they decree that it has "value".  Certain properties of various substances can make them more user friendly when acting as trade widgets yes, but that doesn't change the fact that it is still based off of "Want" of that substance.
"Value" and "Worth" are all just an abstraction of the emotion of "Want".  How ever much you "Want" something is how much you "Value" it, or think that it is "Worth".
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:54:43
You can state that I am "wrong", but it doesn't make it so.
The mechanics are what they are.
@_date: 2015-12-04 21:13:27
The laws of nature / the mechanics of the universe supersede silly human only concepts.  But they are also the over all governing mechanics of life itself, so yes it does govern us, but there is no body politic comprised of humans involved.
" When I drive my car to work, am I taking government transport?"
Now this part is just childish, ignorant, or a bit of both.  For you seem to not understand a basic reality, that "government officials" are also sovereign individuals.  We are humans, and as such, when dealing with human created systems, we end up having multiple roles within said system.
Just as a Capitalist / business owner is also a consumer at the same time.  They buy / consume resources from wholesalers on a business level, and on an individual level, they buy / consume resources for themselves and family.
And just as in our current model of government, there are multiple layers of governing bodies.  Federal, State, County, City, Homeowners Association, etc.
And when groups of people come together and start making decisions that affect other people / parts of societies and their actions start to govern how those other people live their lives, they have, in effect, become a governing body.
You guys just want to play the label game instead of look at the reality of the mechanics in play.
@_date: 2015-12-04 15:02:38
Gold is fiat.  For whether the "Government" takes the form of an institution comprised of a  body of elected officials, or just the general populace coming together to discuss issues and decide on how to handle those issues (such as in a Direct Democracy) you still have a governing body of people decreeing that whatever widget has "value".
For a long time, many were under the delusion that it wasn't, so they were incorrectly explaining such things.
"That's where the fiat comes from. Bitcoin (and gold) have not had that, their value comes from price discovery mechanisms."
And here we have a body of people "governing" the value of a trade widget, decreeing that it has value, the metrics by which they derive this supposed value is moot, for it is still a body of people decreeing it has value for whatever reason.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:37:05


@_date: 2015-08-04 04:09:44
Besides the facts that lifeboatz brought up, even logic tells us your assertion is not true.
For, at this point in the game, we are  under the Rule of Law concept.  And, currently, the Law is set up so that even if nobody turned up to vote, somebody would still get the seat and their "legitimacy" would still be recognized.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:42:51
Symbolic gestures are just that, symbolic and fairly meaningless to the mechanics of anything.
It is more akin to playing the lotto, a 1 in 5 Billion chance is still more chance then 0 chance.
Along with the fact that even if 100% of the population didn't vote, somebody would still get the seat.  The machine would not stop.
And then there is the reality that you will not get 100% to not vote, since at least the corrupt would vote to get their person in.
@_date: 2015-08-04 04:01:39
Wealth inequality is a bad thing for a Democracy.  The Founding Father's knew this, and it is even obvious today.  Look at how bought off the politicians are.
And whether banks or involved or not, it really changes nothing besides except to bank workers who would not have a job or a job in a different industry.
What jobs those humans have is irrelevant to how the money system works.
Nor is government in any danger, for as long as people can only pay their taxes with Legal Tender, they will have to continue to exchange for Legal Tender in some manner or risk punishment, would is fully legal under the current Rule of Law.
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:35:59
Please.  Switching over to an electronic based currency will change nothing.  It doesn't matter if it is "created" in a decentralized way; the plain fact of the matter is that once the widgets are in circulation, they can, and do, become centralized.
All forms of currency fall prey to that mechanic once they are in circulation.
There is also the fact that only Congress has the power to coin money (or contract out that ability).  So you can't really pay taxes with bitcoin, which means legally, they could arrest you and put leans on your property for tax evasion.
There is also the fact that the Oligarchs / Plutocrats could easily just consolidate / centralize the bit coin supply in their pockets before the rest of the population really got it into distribution.  They could just buy up much of the bitcoins with dollars currently (they can afford to do so); and / or they can afford to set up many machines dedicated to "mining" bitcoins to also get control of much of the supply.
Money Centralizing.  Bitcoin stops nothing.
"Companies putting profit before people are rational actors responding to the incentives in their ecosystem. Incentives that the government designs by setting the regulations, law enforcement and taxes. It is politicians who claim a moral high ground and are meant to be there for the greater good of society."
This part is also very short sighted, for it forgets many of those "free actors" were in the private sector first, and then went into politics to consolidate even more power.  Boss Tweed is an example.  The revolving door in Washington.
And the politicians are also just "responding to the incentives in their ecosystem", so it is rational for them to sell out as well.
Let us look at how this type of economic system plays in with our Political System and the human politicians that work it.  Many of the Politicians are financially fairly well off; and if they did not start well off become well off from the amount of pay they receive as a politician.  The following is another quote from Adam Smith:
“But man has almost constant occasion for the help of his brethren, and it is in vain for him to expect it from their benevolence only. He will be more likely to prevail if he can interest their self-love in his favour, and show them that it is for their own advantage to do for him what he requires of them. Whoever offers to another a bargain of any kind, proposes to do this. Give me that which I want, and you shall have this which you want, is the meaning of every such offer; and it is in this manner that we obtain from one another the far greater part of those good offices which we stand in need of. It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker, that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest. “  Book 2, Chap 2, Para 2
	So would it be in the best self interest of the politician to work tax laws (especially a short sighted politician) that didn't allow the rich to bogart the money supply?  Which of them isn't trying to accumulate as much wealth as possible?  Isn't the name of the game the BOY with the most toys wins?  And considering how many of our politicians are beholden to campaign contributors and such, does it not follow to expect “...interest their self-love in his favour, and show them that it is for their own advantage to do for him what he requires of them. Whoever offers to another a bargain of any kind, proposes to do this. Give me that which I want, and you shall have this which you want...”.  How many of the poor can afford to buy off a politician?  Would it ever be in the Politician's Self Interest to do good by the poor and working class?  Especially if the poor and working class do not even know how the game really works?  Does this mechanic, by its very nature, subvert the entire concept of a Democracy?
The Founding Father's knew it did.
@_date: 2015-08-04 04:05:50
False. The current power elite just buy up the supply of bit coin with the current currency, or buy up mass amounts of equipment to set up mining servers to consolidate the supply in their hands.
They would probably do both actually.
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:42:00
Voting, theoretically at least, could change the system.  We have to make sure our votes are actually counting of course (there is question as to how badly rigged it is between gerrymandering and the highly hackable electronic voting machines); and the people have to come together enough to get representatives in the seats that will actually push through good measures.
Granted, it is a long shot (as to the lottery example), but while I work on other avenues, I figure I might as well try to throw a vote in there as well.
I know I'm voting for sustainable and good changes (even though they rarely come up) when I can, so it can't hurt.
@_date: 2015-08-04 04:03:47
A Universal Basic Income does not make Capitalism, or any Consumerist based economic model sustainable.
We need to get off of Capitalism, and consumerist based economic models period.  And doing so would probably move us away from using any money systems at all.
"To avoid social, environmental and economic collapse, the world needs to move beyond the standard choices of capitalism or socialism. That’s the conclusion of a new report released Wednesday by US think tank Capital Institute.
The non-partisan think tank argues that both systems are unsustainable, even if flawlessly executed..."
