@_author: ackza
@_date: 2015-06-14 04:10:06
Univ ave. I was able to raise him $10 and use gyft app to buy a $10 cvs giftcard on a smartphone and it scanned in at a cvs register then i bought a 33 cent candy and he got about $9.60 back in cash because the register lcd console just asks you if youd like the remainder as cash...then he was able to go to a real grocery store and go buy food with the money..great trick we found out though...whenever i need quick cash immediatly from just $10 worth of bitcoin i use gyft app buy a cvs or starbucks giftcard and use it by barcode scan or if smartphone screen has too much glare you can also manually enter the numbers....it takes about a 5 to 15 min to process and finalize the card with bitcoin basicly u wait till the transaction in an android bitcoin wallet turns green ..you know....so basicly ive had up to $60 at a time and bought 6 cvs gift cards with gyft app (all free no fees) and gotten $9.60 for each on and a candy too for each card its the cheapest thing in store at 33 cents..make sure they hit the yellow rectangular buttton for Gift Card not a CVS card not the rewads cafd ..ok? You will run into confusion but everytime they hit the yellow manual entry when it wont scan as a barcode it WILL WORK at any cvs.....so basicly u can sell your bitcoins to gyft for cash if you happen to shop at cvs alot and i like cvs for things..and i like using giftcards..the cash is just a casual circumstance
@_date: 2015-06-14 04:11:34
Excuse me dont even ...this is a real vet and ive seen his id and his plague showing how ane where he was wounded in combat in the middle east so you better not even try...dont accuse longtime redditors like me with no history of making up lies or scams dont even try
@_date: 2017-03-12 23:18:07
the price is arbitrary, it's a finite currency, it's not like a stock where a high stock price like berkshire hathaway prices out people without the minimum amount to buy, a $1000 bitcoin doesn't mean u need $1000 to buy a bitcoin and participate u can buy $1 worth at a bitcoin ATM if you want! You can buy bitcoins when they are worth $1000 you'll just have to deal with .000001 bitcoins or something...its gonna be a lot more zeros to deal with $1 in bitcoins as bitcoin price rises...
but yeah its finite its scarce there's only so any bitcoins so the price will keep rising because there's only about estimated 1 million global bitcoin users and just wait til there are 100 million, and remember there are 3.4 billion global internet users with over 2.5 global smartphone users who can get online with their smartphones, its a huge potential bitcoin user base, bitcoin users can go up 3000 percent from 1 million to 3 billion and that should make bitcoin price also jump 1000x from $1000 to $1 million per bitcoin, and it will get so hard to mine they will all switch to litecoin, then etherium, dash, Zcash etc etc Now is the time to invest in the alternative cryptocurrencies ..but lots of dogecoin, potcoin, etherium, monero (XMR), etc etc before they all blow up in price just like how DarkCoin went from less than a fraction of a penny back in 2014 when i first heard about it and told friends to buy it, it was too slow for me to deal with i remembver, but then they changed it to dash, and now DASH is worth over $40 per coin, went up to $47+ and yeah i wish i would have bought darkcoin when i first learned about it but i remember i couldnt find anywhere to buy it...now i have a Poloniex account and i cant buy any crypto currency in a second using bitcoin that i buy at a local bitcoin ATM ...
@_date: 2017-08-13 08:10:41
he's never going to pay you back. I hope you realize that. And if you try to make him, he will just get mad at you and turn it around so fast your head will spin. Your mistake was lending 2000 to someone when you could have bought 1 bitcoin with that 
@_date: 2017-08-29 05:26:47
dont waste your time with these moronic anti capitalists who use smartphones and internet all developed by capitalism in a nation free enough to allow such people to run around spreading fantasy lies about how were all just "working for the ceos" they're always referencing these imaginary ceos because they want some evil babylon empire to demonuize! the fact of reality is america amd its companies, like the capitalist FORD he basically introduced 5 day work weeks and paying factory workers enough to actually buy a car etc
the capitalism they hate is the ONLY system that could create such spoiled socialist brats like these crazy socialists! they really DO have a mental disorder that is neoliberal leftist "berni" socialism  aka entitlement
@_date: 2017-08-13 08:09:47
lol any father who owes his child that much who isnt just super wealthy and treating it like pocket change, is bringing dishonor to the family. CHildren borrow from thir parebts,. Parents arent supposed to fucking borow money from their kids. hats wrking against biology, youe supposed to work towards helping your child make MORE money than you, not using your child as a fucking bank.
Anyay i know u want to defend your dad but sometimes our parents just are not that great and we shouldnt pretend they are just because we are genetically related to thm! if every parent was a good person we wouoldnt have any problems on this planet but plentyof shit people have kids, and honestly a smarter society would have done something about t a long time ago, but no we alow stupid people free reign to terrorize the rest of us. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 00:54:27
If it was in USA he would have had a gun and they wouldn't have gotten in, the wife even the un born fetus would all have been armed 
@_date: 2018-06-30 18:46:55
ok claymore wanna make a bet? how much karma u wanna bet OH wait sorry karma is non transferable lol cometalk to me on steemit where we can actually make bets on future price of bitcoin in a SMT smart contract (steem also has built in escrow not being used) :) 
BTC will end year anywhere from 30K to 300K its like gravity
this is not a question bro, once the negative sell pressure is over, there IS no more BTC to dump and bitcoin ONLY goes up because theres TOO much demand!@ that negative sell pressure would NEVER be  able to keep going very much longer! you CANNOT hold it down for very much longer..... 
so just know its time and its gonna be the running of the bulls like NOW.. MAYBE well see one more dump down to 5k but i doubt it buit thats possible but THEN it will be over and the dumping done forever and btc can only then go up and we dpo this ALL over again and we will be hearing people complain about Bitcoin being ONLY 90,000$ USD hahah because they bought in at $150,000 thinking they couled turn that into a million LOL then THEy wait a lil while after that future correction then THEy get another big pump! we keep pumping till the world runsout of fiat so they DONT
bitcoin holders will keep accumulating VALUE from the REST of the WORLD untill the REST of the world stops Using Fiat and starts using Bitcoin too! its the ONLY way to NOT loose in that situation! AHEM THIS CURRENt situation
Big BANKS are getting their LONG positions THE END
You think banks are gonna buy in?&gt; Well some may not those will fail the rest the ones who DO buy a million BTC will be the new rulers of earth
hey maybe the rumors are true and north korea has been collecting SO many BTC that well that will help north korea actually become POWERFUL and unite with the south to allow the north to fucking 
@_date: 2018-06-09 22:08:42
LOl wow come tell steemians this! Jeff is always on steemit posting his dollar vigilante stuff, and you could get a LOTr of upvotes for a story like this, :D 
@_date: 2018-06-09 20:22:14
This chart is WRONG, Bitcoin is the MOST fungible, I mean WTF when you have 1 BTC it can be swapped for another BTC NO QUESTIONS EVER theres NEVER any confusion about counterfeit etc, is why its called Bitcoin and not Bitcoin Cahs, hats a separate chain, so you can't say that BTC is not fungible. All crypto is fungible unless its a non fungible type like unique crypto kitties :D WTF man this is a TERRIBLE chart! Also DURABILITY? BTYC is the MOSt durable!!!
@_date: 2018-06-25 19:18:20
So there are no gems in crypto that ar undervalued and with high potential returns? What about Steem and EOS? Steem is a blockchain reddit
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:50:48
You dont get it! you really dont get it! you dont HAVE to "Pull the money" out of your Bitcoin.. Bitcoin IS the money. You can PAY for things IN bitcoin. You buy HOUSES and CARS in BITCOIN. You wont NEED the dollar! 
Tell me something... do you think theyll be using the fucking paper dollar in Space? On the Mars colonies? haha Gold and silver? in space? I thinknot, too heavy.... so yeah cant you all realize that crypto is the future?
The money IS there
The money is NOT just "on paper" its ON BLOCKCHAIN... Are you 80 years old or what? You seem to think Bitcoin is some sort of ponzi scheme
This is NOT how bitcoin works...
The MAJORITY of bitcoins will never be traded and will be kept in cold storage and what your seeing traded is a small minority which will be limited mroe and more as more peopel simply grab and hold them! vvacuum cleaning the bottom for gold and emeralds...
Fiat paper money is the real ponzi scheme.... Notice we all obsess over the 120 Billion dollar marketcap of BITCOIN but where is the US dollars marketcap? Hmm??? Who eevn KNOS how many US dollars thre are in teh world? Why is Their value so high? Hmm? It shouldnt be and it wont be soon, and when peopel ahve something like Bitcoin now to go INTO and leave the dollar from, then they will and you will see the DOLLAR collapse in priuce NOT Bitcoin
Bitcoin is also going to become obsolete as Steem and EOS become more popular with thir $0 transaction no fee and INSTANT transaction times (EOS sub second and Steem under 60 seconds, heh instant compared to slow old bitcoin!0 
also we have a serious problem with the way you seem to think that everyone will ever want to take "all" their bitcoin out.... first of all I tried to explain to you the mentality of the whales... they build up Bitcoin stacks and just lock them up in cold storage... they can virtually limit the supply of Bitcoin.... you can just look at it like a channel, the price channel is set up to keep the price of bitcoin going up and up by limiting supply so that no one can GET cheap Bitcoins... simple supply and demand.... 
@_date: 2017-11-18 11:24:53
Its relevant again! were near $8000 again! we should be near $9000 soon... and then we will see all sorts of amazing memes and videos! i mean Bitcoin over 9000 is a real shocker because then you're basically so close to 10,000 
Im makin fun of this over on this post
@_date: 2017-11-05 03:35:20
yeah i just wrote a coment about how these machines need ink packs to explode all over the money if the cash box is tampered with. 
Soon ATMs will become such a large liability that we wont even be allowed to have them in public areas... peopel will not use paper money in teh future anyway and if they do it will be paper money that is Crypto, and youll have to scan it to make sure its valid.. so in the future Cash wont be able to be stolen as easily... cash will have codes and youl have to scan your code to transfer ownership of cash..... IF they even still have Cash in teh future....
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:08:22
As fiuat collapses many banks will fail and need someone to buy them out for pennies on the dollar.... theyll have to accept Crypto for payment which will be the final irony... then we will inject these banks with liquid crypto capital AND upgrade the Technology they use to make the banks offer Crypto lending apps and paper crypto and we wont be running PONZI schemes lending out MORE money than we have with fractional reserve Ponzi type scheme ... no because lal our ledgers will be public and everyone will be able to SEE what we are doing and thats why people will trust OUR banks when ....
@_date: 2017-11-05 03:32:09
if you stole the machine in the middleof the night and were able to simply get all the Bitcoin out before the owners even woke up to know what happened you could do it all before the machine was switched off from their own back end. So yeah these BTC ATms need tamper proofing and sensors to know when theyr ebeing moved by unathoriuzed handlers so iyt can maybe even send all its BTC back toa protected address and it could even destrouy the Money wiuth INK packets that could easily be set to go off in the money holding areas.... se this sort of stuff will all be looked at with new generations of Bitcoin ATms
@_date: 2017-11-05 03:36:40
Isnt it insane that a private Bitcoin ATm woudl expect us to give them our IDs and Personal info? Anyone can setup a bitcoin ATM! WHy would we just trist ANYONE with all our personal info like thart? Its unecisary. All KYC ALM (Know Your Customer Anti Momey Laundering) laws are a joek and meant to control peopels perosnal finance and we ALL know REAL terrorysts and money laudners dont go using fuckig Biotcoin ATms they ahve their OWN methods theyare PROFESSIONSL and money launderes will get their job done no matter how many stupid laws or useless regulations are passed.  All the KYC ALM laws do is limit peopel sability to buya dnsell crypto its a way to hopefiully turn people off from coming into crypto and staying with banks and Stocks .... Like bank of America preventiung custoemrs from making payments to COinbase... thety block tem, and wont refund the custoemr for days to get their money liost in limbo to TURNOFF potential new comers ...
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:29:23
I just put alert on my credit report, and I will do all of this now, I tried having two step verification but that didnt work, I or I didnt do it correctly I think google has exceptions for my laptop so yeah, will do all your steps now thank you
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:20:25
what happened to those 91 billion bitcoins? couldnt soomeone have kept them secret and slowly spend them to not inflate bitcoin price?
@_date: 2015-07-05 21:14:40
univ ave outside moes
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:26:16
thank you for your interesting response, but I would love to have you clarify for me what you mean by how its not humanly possible to do the cryptographic calculations to make one transaction?  Why not? Do the transactions really require that much CPU power while using bitcoin wallet apps/programs?  
Oooh, is that the whole point of cryptography?  Would we need WW2 Bletchy park era super computers just to crack Enigma analoguee type nazi code machines, were those rudimentary versions of modern day cryptography?
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:28:06
does this apply to smartphones even more so today? are people hacking into smartphones?  I did done goofed :/
@_date: 2015-07-05 21:14:56
its real
@_date: 2015-07-17 04:26:54
I can buy some bitcoin, I have Venmo but will use local bitcoin if you'd like as escrow. I'm 8 years verified on reddit
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:26:59
I just now found out I could put an alert on my credit
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:22:35
wow thank you for that interesting info.  this is exactly what I was really asking about, Thanks!!!
@_date: 2018-03-16 21:45:02
Yes but it shouldn't be een as a marker of the world falling apart, its a NEW technology, and new technology is always better, you can't just deny the evolution of airplanes and say jet engines were not needed or a ponzi scheme, and that propeller planes will only be used in the future... Yes propeller planes , like fiat money, will be used far into the future, but like Jet Engines, bitcoin will be the more popular money system.  And there is no crypto cithout Bitcoin.  Blockchain doesn't exist, its all just bitcoin! Blockchain is just a word and there is no blockchain technology just Bitcoin technology, Proof of work and Proof of stake, Delegated Proof of Stake, Steem EOS Graphene are the next step, decentralized exchange bitshares and EOS decentralized exchanges like EOSfinex are going to show people this
But back to Bitcoin, hah it is a hedge against the world Not upgrading to new technology!
Bitcoin is not what people will use when the wold falls apart but when it comes together! It is a FUTURE tech that HELPS people and ONLY hurts the big fiat bankers because they are too stupid to realize how much money they too could make off of this!  But they are angry that they don't get to keep their monopoly 
@_date: 2017-09-28 01:04:00
well sorry but this is different... bitcoin replaces banks like cars replace horses....its going to make central banks irrelevant and overtime theyll become vestigial and ceremonial...bitcoin will be where more and more liquid wealth will flow...expect btc market cap to be in the hundreds of trillions in 5 years or so
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:37:32
I would be more worried about Ethereum being the real banker take over, since its more centralized, ethereum could more easily implement AML KYC blacklists and use them to kick people off the network mark of the beat status 
This is why i am so grateful the flippening never happened with Ethereum and that EOS is almost active to completely wreck ethereum which sucks and has terrible network congestion which cannot be fixed while its runningbecauyse its like fixing a runing engine and u cant disaamble a running engine wholeits running and so yeah ethererum is doomed EOS is going to be more decentralized and makepeopel realize ethereum has no point anymore and then Bitcoin will also hve the whole hard fork madness over with and Bitcoin Core will prevail segwit2x will be seen as just another fork like bitcoin gold and bitcoin segwit 2x and i believe bitcoin core will just take off after the hard forks and who knows if segwit will take off but i bet people will just hold onto their segwit and bitcoin cash as some sortof insurance policy? Just in case another coin works out better they will have it too, and i believe we wont have any problems seeing Bitcoin $20,000 by early next year, and the end of this year will end with $10,000 bitcoin 
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:01:21
ooooh does Bitcoin Core trigger you?
Answering demands from the private and public sectors, US government scientists have created a guide to the technology behind bitcoin and its applications for a variety of uses. Among various issues, the 59-page report explains that, “technically, Bitcoin is a fork and Bitcoin Cash is the original blockchain.”
Getting triggered?
Why do Bitcoin Cor people hate competition so much? NO ONE owns the name Bitcoin OK? Dan Larimer created Bitcoin and then Bitshares then Steem and now EOS get with the program we re onto a fourth generation blockchain now  get on steem so you can actually make money from upvotes graphene DPOS is the future 10,000 transactions per second 
and get some Zclassic so you can have some more Bitcoin Private 
@_date: 2017-10-07 07:12:23
you really think Bitcoin Segwit2x will be worth $3600 or so? U think it will realy be that close to bitcoins $4300? 
Part of me hopes that it does work to allow for lower fees and faster transaction times but only IF they actualy deliver on that! Which i dont think ythey will because no one will be mining bitcoin segwit 2x and the network wont be there or maybe iut will maybe it will but i dont think theyve made bitcoin as efficient as something like bitshares or steem which are far superior whenit comes to transaction times and costs
I also want segwit2x to just be anothe3r fork coin so core can remain valuable becaue i dont want anythung bad happening to core because then peopel who always said 'Something new will come alomng" will be right BUT it wont matter because everyone who has bitcoin will get the segwit2x coin so if it DOES end up being more valuable than regular old bitcoin core tan we can still have some BUT if it is only like bitcoin cash price i dunno if ima keep it
i think i will end up keeping it 
i really think we should just relax and watch as bitcoin remains valuable and watch as bitcoin JUMPS in value AFTER this is all over! i fel like weve all just been waiting for this to all finish up so it can be over and we canal realize we were all biting our nails over a fucking software update :D hahahaha when its all done bitcoin investors will realize bitcoin is all that they thougt it was and peopel will not hesitate to go all in! Bitcoin will end up well above $20,000 before the end of the year, peopel wil be suprised hopw fast people who got in at $5,000 were able to Quadruple their money to $20,000 just as fast as the people who got in at $1000 in Jan were able to quadruple their money to $4000 by the summer! 
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:18:54
Children can't have bank accounts, pshaw, so fake, we all know that Bitcoin makes you show your ID and prove you're over 21 to use it! 
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:20:16
well the shit turns white because of a chemical reaction caused by the Sun's UV rays. It bleaches the color right out of the outer layer of dog feces, but cut one open and you'll find an inner darker layer where the UV light did not penetrate!
(I made that all up) 
@_date: 2017-09-25 11:21:51
damn straight, I ALWAYS tell people who bring up craig wright that the actual bitcoin creator could prove he was the creator instantly and this isnt some big mystery, you either can login to the email or you cant...you either have the bitcoin private key for that same wallet thats still sitting there or you dont....and im sure someone will try to claim they lost the password for the original account yeah right
also EVERYTHING this guy does and says is now suspect, i talked to people who tried to say craig wright is still very smart and worth listening to even if hes not the creator....and i was like nooooo thats NOT the way things work....you have to realize that when someone lies to you like that about something that important that you just have to fucking discard everything  else they say too! you cant give those people ANY chances! 
And HOW do people keep making this mistake? What channels of information are still fucking teaching people craig wright is satoshi?? I mean this google search result can't be it, the reason has to be some old news articles that are still up. there are many people out there who still believe craig wright invented bitcoin and is satoshi....
Makes me believe i should just come out as Satoshi....we all should ...
@_date: 2017-10-07 06:57:17
can someone explain bitcoin unlimited to me? Its something i cant really google ans find myanswer about, 
i have invested a few hundred bucks into mining bitcoin on pool.bitcoin.com and they now offer a choice to mine bitcoin OR bitcoin cash, and im sure theyll offer bitcoin segwit2x or maybe not? I am a little scared because I am expecting a lifetime bitcoin mining contract, and thats what im experiencing now, BUT when i signed up i remember reading how they were going to mine "Bitcoin Unlimited" which isnt even out yet so i havenop idea what they meant i just bought the hashrate cnntract because it was $130 per Terahash of LIFETIME mining contract the best deal ever and no one has ever offered anythinglike that ever so its pretty col, but they sold out fast and now its $300 per terahash and that is still going to be profitable but nothing like what it origianlly was, but anyway
do u think i will be ok? or will they start switching to BCU? what is BCU? i havent heard anything about bitcoin ubnlimited
and also the pool.bitcoin.com people seem pretty col because they let you switch between bitcoin and bitcoin cash and gave everyone thir bitcoin cash unlike coinbadse etc so i shouldnt wory right? Theyllproblyjust offer it to mine but yeah
i dontthink they can just pull aswitcheroo on us right?
@_date: 2017-10-07 07:21:49
not everyone wants bitcoin to go up as fast as you...some of us dont have enough yet and need a lot more time to save up money to buy more bitcoin! You need to realize that all of this slowdown is natural to a decentralized system, and when its all over, it will prove bitcoin core even stronger than ever, and no one will ever atte,pt a fork when the fork coins value drop lower and lower as less and less people have any use forthem, ESPCIALLY when after segwit comes out and fails like BCH, thenthe Bitcoin Miners will simply flip a switch together as planned and lower fees to attract a fuck ton more bitcoin users and a soft fork will allow for some scaling solutions, speeds will go up, fees will go down, peopel will be able to send bitcoin instantly for pennies again and the world will be united in harmony as bitcoin ends the year well above $10,000 maybe even $20,000 after the hard fork stuf is over, its goiong to just seem like a b;lip and no one will take anynewhard fork seriously haha i feel like bitcoin cash was done by core on purpose to discredit segwit 2 x and im glad they did if thats the case! haha ok thats a strech but anyway yeah i just wantd to saythat keepingthe price if bitcoin low for a whileis goodand alows more poeple to get in at a lower price! When it goes up too fast it leaves us all behind....we need more time to save up more BTC !
I really want people to see how there is no reason to be against bitcoin and for some new altcoin to replace it because of...what again? Its like...you cant make us hate bitcoin that easily klol people who are seriously trying to make us turnon the original bitcoin may trick some but i know better than to turn by backon the only thing that you CA trust!
never trust anyone trying to get you to abandon bitcoin for something else! It is so obvious to me now how the hard forks are going to become so irrelevant soon.
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:57:46
this cancels out the anti-bitcoin comments by Jaime Dimon of JP Morgan Chase, right? we should be back to above where we were when jaime made the comment... cant wait to gloat about that!
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:31:39
haha yeah i saw the image instantly knew it was from 3 years ago 
@_date: 2018-07-03 07:00:53




why care about getting worthless reddit karma? Why not post these stories on Steemit where you can actually earn valuable Steempower that just gets more and more valuable as every day goes by now. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 13:34:53
Woah its the lawyer who accepts bitcoin! Hey just an FYI and no offense but your logo looks like it says HIV and u may wanna remove that I and make it more of an &amp; sign 
Hey so I also hope you know that there are a lot of angry men here who rightfully are disgusted about there being a whole industry just to fleece us of our money and now bitcoin.... I hope you realize this and understand the potential animosity at someone in your profession. I believe all legal matters should be done with smart contracts and AI in the future and I am also someone who believes in never getting married because women dint deserve the sort of free ride they are currently receiving but hey go ahead and call me a sexist everyone! 
@_date: 2018-07-17 20:36:39
Sorry I meant $10 sorry for the typo, cant seem to edit on this mode? 
@_date: 2017-10-03 14:02:50
Seriously such a common sense point here! If the divorce really was uncontested they would not need to pay $5000 almost a whole freaking bitcoin just for what exactly? What was the point of loosing half your stuff to some bitch who will now go fuck other dudes? The idiots here still married talking about how much they love their wives is pathetic and the guys talking aboit how important their kids are is just selfish... No one cares sbout your children but you, they are your children, everyone has their own children, they are not important to anyone else and why should they be?? So just because you impregnated some woman and she pooped out a baby does not justify having to hand over all your money to her. I swear this shit makes me so angry to see so many men who are basically just feminists 
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:32:49
BTC had also already been here like what a few weeks ago? it almost hit $5000 and probably did on some exchanges 
@_date: 2017-10-03 13:45:09
Can't one just pull a Mtgox and pay the dollar amount of the bitcoin when it was purchased? And u dint have to give up bitcoin in a divorce because they are not legally money or assets they are just information and they aren't worth any money they are just numbers and who is to say the person who owns them even knows how to spend them? You can just claim you dint know what a bitcoin is...I am sick of people who in the same sentence tell us bitcoin is a scam and that they want our bitcoin. Same with taxes! If IRS wants us to pay taxes on bitcoin they better recognize it federally as real money! You can't have it both ways and I am sick of people acting like it is some sort of crime to talk about how bitcoin allows you to not pay taxes and its true! Anyone denying this is a tool a shill and is forgetting that the IRS and federal reserve are the real criminals! I am tired of all the people bowing down to the federal government when it involves magic internet money that they had just got done telling us was a scam , but now they want a piece?? If Jamie Simon convinces the mainstream that bitcoin is not real money then why pay taxes on it?? Why report it?? Hey its not real so ignore it then! These government workers and lawyers crawl out from the woodwork slithering out of the shadows when they hear that bitcoin is valuable... They just want to make money and dint care at all about the blockchain and it is disgusting. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 14:15:15
Better call rick sanchez 
@_date: 2017-10-08 07:03:39
or just never keep your bitcoins on an exchange. lol bitcoin doesnt need 2FA! 
but yes good advice! I always use very long passwords, and people should get into the habit of writing down a randomly generated password for their google acount that way it becomes another layer of security, an alphabet attack on a password becomes so much eaiser witha simple password, but the longer and more random it is the better security you will have
honestly its time we use some sort of private keys for google gmail, gmail needs a blockchain, we need some way to keep our google accounts more secure its ridiculous how insecure they can be, and we need to check if a blockchain cn be made for more secure email maybe? i bet someoen  lready got an ICO for more secure email 
@_date: 2017-10-07 11:27:51
Yes i love this post but doesnt that laptop cost just a lil money in electricity cots?
I mean its not like mining bitcoin but it cant be "free" sorry to be that guy but theres an important point here, we should find the actual cost of your old laptop being plugged into run the bitcoin core node, and that way we can actually see what the price of having enough nodes to actually make a difference!
but let the segwit2x stuff happen! Bitcoin Core will be safe and always will be!  let them have their altcoin! Bitcoin Core is going to be able to have lower fees very easily and then there will be no issue and faster transaction times first of all aren't even really necessary since we have steem but also we will also have instant transaction times with bitcoin eventually and i have a feeling that as soon as segwit2x fork happens and the price doesn't go anywhere, that people will buy btc core and 20k btc will make ppl who bought at 5k feel like ppl who bought at 1k feel now at 4k+
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:38:57
Wow so Jaime Dimon thinks Bitcoin is a Ponzi Scheme but he supports Bitcoin Segwit2X? LOL hah 
@_date: 2017-10-03 14:07:51
Exactly! And if you split that millions into multiple wallets and convert a lot to monero then you are even more safe. Even if you do associate yourself with the address, just transfer it to monero or use a bitcoin mixer or just claim someone hscked you or that it was not u, it is impossible to prove in court that someone owns a bitcoin private key. Id love to see them try! This is a new world we are entering where the draconian rules of the past will not work anymorr, and yes therr will be violenve and witchhunts against bitcoiners and yes they will try to outlaw bitcoin but like drugs it wont work 
@_date: 2018-07-03 06:47:33
Must have been fun to see bitcoin bull running as your coming out of anaesthetics!
hey I actually did teh same thing when I came out of ear surgery as a kid in the 90s, except I rambled on about Pokemon for Gameboy and how the Pokedex worked lol I seriously started naming all 151 of them lol 
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:58:46
No sympathy for people trying to buy bitcoin yesterday. You could have and you should have bought bitcoin earlier this year like we all told you to, but you didn't listen.
And now you complain when you experience a random downturn of the market because you happened to buy at a peak? well, I'm so sorry that you're going to make a bunch of free money, and that you have to wait a few extra days or weeks to start earning crazy profit LOL godamn peopel are so spoiled!
look even if the op doesnt have this snetioment, i know a lot of peopel who do, who buy bitcoin, like months after i tell them to, and they complain when it goes down, even though over all its only been going up and if they would have listsned to me in Jan or Dec when i said to buy bitcoin at like $600 they would not care about if bitcoiun was at $4000 or $3000 or even $2000 becvause even $1000 is still a gain for them ! You see how bitcoiners are always so happya nd confident even dyring downturns?? You would be too if you bought Bitcoin juist 10 months ago for around lts say, $800 and so now anything above $1000 ius a massive gain so you dont care if you go down from $4000 to $3000, because you got in at $800 and youve already made SOO much and you KNOW that you're going to KEEP making money! it's an incrdible feelingand I only ish I had just bitten th bullet and found some Job earlier this year to allow myself to save money and buy more BTC, imglad i jhave work now but i just wish i had a better work ethic and pushed myself to work harder so i could earn more, its all my fault that im not earning ore and saving more buitcoin but I am confident that i can catch up
its hared toc atch up tho when you want to get to a place where you have 10 bitcoins,a ndyou could have just done that by buying 10 of them fopr $1000 each for $10,000 back  in januray but now you need $4000+ each for 10 bitcoins so you need $40,000 to get 10 BtC so you see,its a lot harder to catch up! I would hacve to work so hard and save so much, i probobly wouldntbe able to catch up unless I really found innovative new ways to mke money like Tai Lopez and got into some sort of internetmarketing nicghe, and thats where you should feel better about not missing out! u didnt miss oiut yet because u can ALWAYS make moneyonline doing marketing work, make $100k ina MONTHand THEN buy bitcoin and its as if you caught up to osmeone who has made $100k in Bitcoin from having invested only $1000 back when it was only $40 per BTC! so u see, u CAN catch up, the whole point uis peopel who DID buy BTC earlu simply gained more of an investment than anyone else inhistyory when it comes to investing, so u should not be jelous u should be disapointed in yourself
and i saw ethan klein from h3h3 productions acting like peopel are not geniiuses just because they turned $10 into $50 million in like 7 years with bitcoin, he said they just "Got Lucky" he went "No dude, you just got Lucky" and it couldnt be more clear he was completely jelous and butt hurt that he didnt ge to make that money and even hila is liek "How is that possible" smiling wishing she had done that, and look we bitcoin peopel know the truith that bitcoiun is simply super valuable,its useful,mit orks well and has an amazing network that has never really been down or broken or compromised and also has never ever lost itsvalue for very long and has ALWAYS recovered, (and yes thats important, bitcoin may be volatile but its always recovered its price and gone higher than where it was! mt gox was just temporary correction) And so i just wanna say to  or  that no dude peopel od NOT just get lucky, people recognized the value of a decentralized crypto currency and they bought it , KNOWING it might become valuable, also understanding it might drop to nothing, and that RISK is WHY they fuckingbought it ETHAN, they didnt just GET LUCKY ok? They BOUGHT the bitcoins because they THOUIGHT it would make MONEY they didnt just buy bitcoins for the fun, ok? peopel buy bitcpoisn because other peopel tell them hey this is godo tch and it will be worth more ion teh future, its UNDER VALUED, peopel recognzie bitcoin was undervalued and should be worth much muchmoe and look, thats whathappened! it became valued a lot lot more and rightfully so and its STILL not done being valued! peopel STILL want it adm trheprice will just keep going up because there are not done being undervalued lol bitcoinsi strill undervalued
anyway i just wanted to point out the vile hate from anyone who idnt get ich off bitcoin but wish they did, they justify it by making themselves believe there is something wrong with bitcoin but if they still had their BTC theyd be all about it! 
ANYWAY no hard feelings!
IO advise you to keep buying more now if you ever want more cheapobiutcoins again, i know u probly have more money and u are hesittant now but u sjohoudl see the biger pictue,its not that complicated,u need to buy more bitcoins before it goes up past $5000 then u will regret not buying more
but at least you have 1 bitcoinnwo right? I hope u have atleast1 , u will eb sorry if u didt get at least1 bitcoin, its going to be amazing what 1 bitcoin will  be able to buy you in the future
i cant wait to have a house in san francisconear the tech companies so i can build a tech musueum where i will show off history of thje internet and make interactive internet rooms where u can actual;ly sleep in them and i want interactive art that is a real party that allows people to hangout and actyually live places but its an interactive art piece where music and videos play in the habitation adn the archoitecture willbe experimental and we wi;ll use bitcoina dn blockchin to fund it all etc it will be an urban san francisoc or manhatten feel u know that feeling in a movie theatyre or lecture hall after a sci fi movie? Its hard tp put my finger on it but i just love the idea of a new world created with butcoin with lots of parks and spaces for peopel to relax and i aaslso love how venice italy or florence look with windy aley ways lil noname squares i would loove to redesign trhe desert of california to have stuff like thata nd i want to make teh san diegobay to have like floating cities, i want floating cities paid for with bitcoin !
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:38:46
Exactly! So It would have been impossible for him to actually make that wallet, and if you all want he can post screenshot of the wallet in exodus or whatever, i want to make sure everyone knows what happened here and the coincidence andwe ARE making a Bitcoin Music Viodeo like a Legit authentic hoip hop song about bitcoin man.  I cant wait tro show reddiut the song we make! 
Yeah thiswa scrazy ok sorry for typos i been up all night researching the future! 
@_date: 2017-10-07 11:28:54
what&gt; is bitcoin proof of stake now? lol
@_date: 2017-05-30 10:12:17
Is that you Trace? Hey its me Zack I met you as Busser at Phils BBQ in 2009! I made tthat silver video for you, reember? I really need to recnnect with yiu I see your a huge bitcoin star now! zackza 
@_date: 2017-05-13 09:02:44
wow, you know a currency is weak when they have to include the word "strong" (fuerte) in the name! 
@_date: 2018-04-21 07:33:15
hahaha just like Bitcoin right now, Venezuelas inflation is over 9000!!!!!