@_author: acogitator
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:08:41
Thanks. I agree with you. My question is what that number will ultimately be. It seems like for bitcoin to succeed, the fee must be similar to or less than that charged for traditional transactions and high enough to support a mining network that is robust against attackers. I can determine the first. I don't know how to determine the second.
The best proxy I have is that the network today works at $40/transaction. What I'm trying to figure out is where it should wind-up in equilibrium.
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:48:42
Thanks. I was hoping someone would come along and explain why I'm wrong. Could you elaborate?
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:28:57
Gold isn't the foundation of the financial system anymore. Electronic balances at central banks are. So the right cost comparison is Fedwire. In high volumes that's $0.029 per transaction.
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:56:47
It's a reward to person who mines the block but isn't it a cost to the economy? In theory, it should effect the exchange rate. In practice that's undetectable. 
Regardless, if miners need a certain amount to operate now, as the rewards decline, won't those be replaced with transaction fees of a similar amount? 
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:29:19
How am I using a word incorrectly? Dilution of value is a cost.
If you disagree, you can have a house for free. How? Just create a corporation with $1,000,000 and 25 shares. Issue 25 new shares as a reward to someone who finds you a house and presents you with the keys.
@_date: 2014-01-24 23:34:35
Thank you for explaining. Unfortunately, I don't think you're clear on the relationship between value and accounting. I'm speaking of economic costs. 
If you don't believe that they're different consider that GAAP which American companies follow in preparing their statements doesn't even agree with the IRS which leads to oddities like deferred tax assets and liabilities since the earnings occur in different periods under different methods of accounting. 
For some tangible examples of costs and profits that exist in the real world but not in the land of accounting, consider goodwill and unrealized capital gain. Goodwill represents the premium paid for a business over its book value. Yet if I started the same business from scratch with the same intellectual property and customers, that wouldn't be an asset. Are those in reality different things simply because GAAP says they are?
Conversely consider an increase in internet rates and how it effects long-term debt holdings. Even though they are worth less, as evidenced by the amount for which they trade on the open market, the firm doesn't recognize the loss. So two companies can have the same securities on their balance sheet at different values!
I digressed from the original point to explain why arguing that accounting definitions or the tax code are useful for understanding this question. Of course, you'd be correct in responding that it doesn't prove my point either. 
Could you explain why you don't think it is from first principles? In thirty years, once all the bitcoins are mined, we'll still need the network to validate new transactions. If today, the network operates at $40 per transaction with 99.5% of that coming from new coins, why in the future should we expect miners to do the same work for 0.5% of the amount they charge today?
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:21:59
We'll need to revise the protocol or build a transaction network on top of the blockchain which likely implies bitcoin banks. As network speeds increase, shouldn't we be able to increase the maximum block size? If this isn't sufficient, perhaps we'll have to create a meta blockchain that consists of validations of the state of various regional chains.
If we don't revise the protocol, we'd need a transaction network for the common transactions which requires bitcoin banks. At first glance it should still work because the banks could amortize the fees across transactions so the fee per bank transaction could be higher. The challenge with this though is that the payment network built on bitcoin should have similar costs to a traditional payment network if we ignore their current inefficiency. So that means bitcoin has to compete with the interbank transactions which are already quite efficient (e.g. Fedwire).
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:59:31
Repeating your point isn't useful. If you want to explain, I'd love to understand. Otherwise, let's end this exchange.
@_date: 2014-01-25 02:18:51
That is the key issue.