@_author: acoindr
@_date: 2016-08-18 12:49:44
About 95% of that article isn't even ZeroHedge content. It's pretty much direct quotes from Carl Icahn. I'll bet Mr. Icahn could have wrote 100% of the article himself and the comment, instead of being related to the actual content, would still be 'can we start getting our info from somewhere other than ZeroHedge?' Gotta love Reddit. It's not what's said that matters as much as who appears to be saying it.
@_date: 2016-08-16 09:24:24


Exactly. Sidechains were proposed to increase blockchain capability and experimentation without altering the primary chain. The problem is a working 2-way peg model is, to my knowledge, unfinished. I actually don't see how it's possible.
@_date: 2016-08-28 18:46:46


Please note Congress, specifically the House of Rep., is designed to be closest to reflecting ordinary people. So when we laugh we're basically laughing at ourselves. We might improve things by trying to elect more liberty minded individuals, educate family and friends, and/or run for office ourselves. A subreddit like may be heavy on liberty thinking but it's not so with the general public. All this while Congress has [record low]( approval ratings (11%). Something is clearly wrong.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:39:47


You've put your finger on the problem. There is no official definition of 'decentralized', no way to define the point of no return, if you will, for Bitcoin ceasing to be controlled by its users. Some would argue Bitcoin isn't decentralized now, because about nine individuals can influence about 90% of the total hashpower. So what does it really mean to be decentralized? What's the exact boundary we seek to avoid? 
In this context scaling has a different meaning, which is what concerns large blockers. Bitcoin presently scales to about 3 txs per second. Upon *full* successful implementation of Core's scaling solution as it stands Bitcoin will at most increase to 12 transactions per second. For comparison VISA alone does about 2,000 tps on average with a peak capacity of 56,000 tps. At best Bitcoin would shorten the OP's backlog concern down from 13 months to around 4. There is no way to surpass this due to the hard block size limit, even if the network could handle more txs per second and remain 'safely' decentralized. OTOH other coins, like Ethereum for example, without this hard limit might handle twice as many tps or more. Further, any efficiency gains Bitcoin enjoyed, being open source as they are, could be ported to any other coin in question.
@_date: 2016-08-06 21:44:01


A Bitcoin Core dev proposed a 2MB hard fork? Where?
@_date: 2016-08-26 00:27:13


Could you link to an example of such a literal claim? I don't remember anything like that. I remember predictions the network ~~would~~ might be largely unusable with expected growth rates by a certain time. I think we've seen that. I often see posts of people complaining about confirmation wait times (though not always on this subreddit), and human nature is many won't even bother complaining. This is with some alt-coins with large and growing transaction activity and billion dollar market caps, in other words taking some business (and transaction pressure) from Bitcoin. So, yeah, if one doesn't mind alt-coins taking all the growth Bitcoin can't handle, sure the current block size situation is fine. 
EDIT: I found what you're talking about: 
Here is the relevant quote.


@_date: 2016-08-26 18:54:19
Okay I see now rootstock is doing a version of what theymos is proposing in this thread, implementing sidechains but with federated signers. Did you read [the exchange]( between killerstorm and dataveteran here?
The problem is users are still faced with a choice. When implementing sidechains this way trust must be placed in real world entities, the exact thing Bitcoin eliminates. While this can add scaling and many other features besides, it also brings some of the same issues from traditional banking. A first big problem is security. If the signers are compromised (technically or from the inside) the integrity of the entire sidechain is compromised. People have to be willing to take that risk. Second, and I think more problematic, is it paints a large political target on the backs of the controlling entities. Any govt that doesn't want their citizens using Bitcoin now has a target to go after. Bitcoin is robust now because there is no target. Take out one person/miner and another simply pops up in its place. So this idea is really trying to make a grey area or middle ground between traditional banking and pure decentralization. It may have some merit but I don't see it being the best solution at this point.
@_date: 2016-08-17 03:59:09


Isn't that barter? What is the debt recorded as? Wood? Meat? Hours worked? 
I don't think the video is saying economies ran on barter. The problem there is one must first define 'economy'. I think it's more the idea that people certainly exchanged things of value, without money, which necessarily means barter. Doing this individually wouldn't necessarily create a larger economic system.
 Money more commonly would create such a system, though, because the nature of money is that some number of people all commonly accept it and naturally form the system.
@_date: 2016-08-29 08:26:50


Agorism helps with economic liberty. There are other areas to think about, namely the Fourth Amendment as the OP mentions. 


Voting is a tool. Its usefulness is no more or less than what people do with it. To write off such a potentially powerful tool, when alternatives are less peaceful, is a serious mistake. 


I agree with the teach part. As I said education is part of the answer. However, pointing grandma to  alphabay isn't exactly the education I believe to be most effective.
@_date: 2016-08-16 16:21:42


That's not the part that's hard. The problem is the activity on a sidechain is invisible to the main chain. Therefore there is no way to accurately move coins back (the 2nd peg) while maintaining the re-assigned ownership which took place on the sidechain.
@_date: 2016-08-31 14:51:42
I was thinking the same thing, but remembered (hearing from Peter Schiff) there is a viable procedural path for Gary Johnson becoming president in 2017. Schiff explains it here:  
TL;DL: In a close race where Johnson/Weld pick up a few states preventing Trump or Clinton winning enough electoral votes it goes to the House, which is controlled by Republicans, many of which say Never Trump. Between Clinton or Johnson they should pick Johnson since libertarians are far closer to Republicans (cut taxes, shrink govt etc.).
@_date: 2016-08-17 07:35:18


The video froze on me so I didn't watch the whole thing at first. Now I just watched the whole thing. The video never said *economies* ran on barter. It said "before money was used people simply bartered" which isn't the same. is specifically talking about economies, which is my point.
@_date: 2016-08-26 08:33:06


Security risks? As I said in my other comment on this topic the problem is the activity on a sidechain is invisible to the main chain, meaning there is no way to accurately move coins back (the 2nd peg) while maintaining the reassigned ownership. It doesn't sound like what you're talking about solves this problem.
@_date: 2016-08-21 14:28:55
I don't advise converting 100% of your wealth into Bitcoin. I think a better way to go is diversify. I would be sure to buy some precious metals (gold and silver). There are three direct benefits. First, you are protected from volatility when  you diversify. Nothing on earth has a better track record for reliably retaining a person's wealth over long periods of time than these PMs. Second, people know how to secure physical things better than digital ones. Third, there is probably just as much upside to owning PMs as a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin if and when the fiat financial system comes under severe strain.
@_date: 2016-08-06 22:18:12


Oh that. Let me explain something. There will be no (non-witness data) block size increase implemented in Core without the okay of Greg Maxwell. I think we can safely conclude this. Greg's take on the HK consensus meeting, which I thought was a VERY reasonable compromise at 2-4 MB (given that 8MB was the *starting point* for XT), was that those agreeing to it were ["dipshits"]( This includes Blockstream co-founder and president Dr. Adam Back.
@_date: 2016-08-28 23:16:33


And you have a better idea? Maybe something [like Venezuela?]( Or maybe you want to go the opposite way with something [like the Congo.](
@_date: 2016-08-29 10:27:00


On the contrary, it's precisely central banks which enable governments to enact stupid policies and (temporarily) get away with it. Governments and banks scratch each other's back in a mutually beneficial relationship (banks by getting richer, and government by growing in size and power) while Joe Average loses out.
@_date: 2016-08-21 13:52:46


News of that page probably registers highest on money related sites like this one. I'd say people hanging out on the Internet are more likely to have been exposed to the information. However, John Stossel did a show 3 years ago which gives a better idea of the level of knowledge held by the vast, vast majority of people. We're getting better but we're not there yet.
@_date: 2016-04-27 17:13:08


The U.S. does follow capitalism. In case you've been under a rock the company Apple Computer is one of the most valuable in the world, with people routinely lining up around the corner to buy their products. 
And, yes, the U.S. has capitalism tracing back to its very roots (Benjamin Franklin was particularly influential here). And, yes, certainly there have been times in the past when markets were freer, the government far smaller, and, just as importantly, the currency was sound (based on a gold standard).
@_date: 2016-08-18 17:23:01
@_date: 2016-08-29 14:41:56


If there is a two lane highway and a debate springs up about expanding it to a four lane highway, and after months of bickering with no apparent headway the pro-expansion side goes home, where a year later the highway remains two lanes does that mean the 'no change' side's arguments won? I don't think so. No change is always the default. 
The hard-fork advocates always had the uphill climb. The burden was to convince enough people change was necessary (and at a time with no obvious urgency). That didn't happen. That doesn't mean those advocates are wrong any more than it means the small blockers are right. In this debate there is no objective judge except time and reality itself. Each side will always think they are right. It remains to be seen how Bitcoin fares going forward several years based on its decisions as well as inactions. It will all be weighed. It's also possible, as Erik Voorhees said, either model would work; I think that's possible. There are too many future unknowns to say anything about who is right or not. 
@_date: 2016-08-29 09:00:28


Thank you for saying that. I've increasingly seen, from the highest levels ([like the White House]( a blaming of our economic situation on technology, like it's some evil thing, while politicians and their Keynesian economic advisers are the saintly saviours. Yes, capitalism and education bring about *progress* in many areas which enriches us all. Yes, this is deflationary. So I agree that's at odds with an inflationary, debt based financial system. However, I suggest it be the financial system which changes, not the progress.
@_date: 2016-04-27 16:41:21


Stop making things up. There is no exploitation in capitalism, unless you delve into areas of fraud, collusion and possibly corruption (of regulators), which does happen. If you have a level playing field, though, and tough regulation as is provided naturally by true free markets there is no exploitation. Nobody forces you (or a poor neighbor, farmer etc.) to spend money on capitalist goods. Transactions are strictly voluntary, and enrich consumers lives in some way. 
If an entrepreneur starts an ice cream shop where people stop by from a hard day's work is that exploitation? If Henry Ford produces an affordable modern automobile which a farmer can work toward buying to replace his horse, which he must clean up after, is that theft? No, these things represent capitalism, improved quality of life and voluntary interactions. That's what true capitalism is all about. Nothing stops anybody from becoming an entrepreneur, even if people do feel they are unfairly rewarded for their risk and hard work.
@_date: 2016-04-20 22:01:04
I know what both sides argue. I've been here through it all. Both sides want the same thing, a Bitcoin that is kept accessible to the little guy, which doesn't simply evolve into what we have now, a heavily regulated centralized top heavy system. The sides disagree on approach to get there. I'm speaking strictly about the definition here, though.
@_date: 2016-04-27 13:54:19


You obviously don't know what capitalism is, or at least what it's supposed to be.
@_date: 2016-04-27 17:31:36
I'm going to stop replying now. You're saying things that make no sense.
@_date: 2016-04-21 01:10:56


No it doesn't. Replace the word "peer" with "person" in peer-to-peer and think of how Lightning works. That's not compatible.
@_date: 2016-04-20 17:12:10
Hmm I'll probably get downvoted for this, but isn't the definition incompatible with what Greg Maxwell and small block devs now argue? That Bitcoin is a settlement network?


@_date: 2016-04-27 17:23:02


I don't know why you're mentioning this. It has nothing to do with the economic and governmental model (eg free market capitalism) a country chooses. Slavery is an unfortunate part of U.S. history, but it's a separate issue. Not everybody owned slaves, and Americans certainly haven't owned slaves in modern times.
@_date: 2016-04-27 16:57:28


I already did, the United States. That's how it became the envy of the world in the first place, a country people risked their lives, and still risk their life, to come to. 
It's true the U.S. has gotten away from true free markets, though, and is now over regulated. So the U.S. now has a *distorted* version of free market capitalism, which can be labelled crony capitalism and which is failing. Meanwhile the size of government grows larger and larger, emulating socialism/communism more and more. Then people look around and see the system failing, and because they don't know any better blame capitalism itself, when they don't even know how it's supposed to work.
@_date: 2016-04-27 16:21:36


Not at all. Capitalism is based on the idea of using one's own capital for future gain. You save up capital then risk and deploy it in some endeavor. This gives rise to entrepreneurialism, where a person can produce something valuable for society while gaining in the process. Free market capitalism (and small government) is precisely how the U.S. became such an economic success story, with a middle class that was the envy of the world.
The opposite of this is communism or socialism, where the wealth and decisions come top down instead of bottom up. The Soviet Union collapsed under this model which should have proved clearly which model (communism/socialsm vs American freedom and capitalism) is superior. Venezuela is of course communist/socialist.
@_date: 2015-06-22 18:08:31
In the post by DeathAndTaxes he says "Looking at the last million transactions in the blockchain I found the average txn size was 560 bytes."
That has nothing to do with what miners are producing but what users are broadcasting, which is why I say 3tps seems a good representation.
@_date: 2015-06-30 01:00:48
Yes, but not many people care about bitcoin's price. We think it means the world because we eat/sleep/breathe it. The majority of the world, though, couldn't care less about BTC/USD, for now...
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:02:57
Indeed. Pivots happen when what you're doing isn't working.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:39:59


I just re-watched it, this time the entire way through. He was asked about hyperinflation twice. This was Response 
"Yes, unfortunately that is the worst case scenario. **I don't know how to handicap it**, but I do know this: if we don't come to our senses soon ... and continue to pursue this policy hyperinflation is not only possible, it's inevitable"
Bold emphasis mine. Here is Response 
"I said it's not coming in 2010, but it **might** come in 2012, 2013, 2014, if we don't take the correct measures today. But so far we are marching down the road to hyperinflation, because we are pursuing the very policies that every other nation pursued that eventually had hyperinflation."
We are now 6 months into 2015. You're really saying the above constitutes somebody giving a **matter-of-fact timetable** and being proven wrong? Sheesh. He's not supposed to have a crystal ball. What if we have hyperinflation two weeks from now? He's still wrong?
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:06:46


I was waiting for that reply. First, there might be something to that if the people making predictions did so with numerous things, any of which possibly happening while leaving others unfulfilled/wrong. That's not what happened here. People like Peter Schiff and Dr. Ron Paul [who predicted things]( which have come true are quite specific about what will happen, often explaining why. Missing are multiple outcome scenarios left hanging/unfulfilled.
In contrast the prior head of the U.S. Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, not only didn't predict the dot com or housing bubbles (both predicted by Schiff), but specifically said there [wasn't a housing bubble]( You might say this is guess work or luck, but I wouldn't.
@_date: 2015-06-22 17:03:50
I'm inclined to agree with DeathAndTaxes that 3tps is a better representation, since that's what we actually experience.
@_date: 2015-06-09 03:42:58


Stop being silly. Of course there are reasonable limits, but 6 months when the man never said anything stronger than "might" is ridiculous. I'd say if nothing happened by the end of 2017 he could be called wrong on that assessment.


First of all he never mentioned QE in that segment. Second, inflation is by definition an expansion of the money supply. We have had that. Rising prices are the *result* of this expansion, and we've had rising prices since 2009 too. As for stagflation, that also appears to be emerging because [inflation is picking up]( while labor force participation [remains near historic lows](


They are starting to see price inflation now too.


Um, no. When that segment aired (Dec 2009) gold was $1,084. He said in response to the questioner about a gold pullback: "We've dropped over $100 from the highs. I think there is a lot of support right around $1,000 or just below. So to the extent it ever gets back below there I'd buy all I could get my hands on."
So he said if gold fell below $1,000 he'd be a big buyer. Let's say it fell to $900 and he loaded up. Gold today is at $1175, meaning he would have made a 30% increase on his money.
@_date: 2015-06-20 00:47:15


This is correct. Programmers like to think in binary - either something is confirmed or it isn't. However, the truth is there are different types of transactions. The higher value the transaction, the more confirmations one should wait. However, for very low value transactions, say under $5, I can see zero confirmations being acceptable in business, especially when using a well-connected host like blockchain.info.
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:54:53
From the time that video was made until now is 4.5 years. In that time you started with $900 and have gained ~$275 or $61 per year, or about 6.8% annually on $900. 
That's not a "bad" investment, especially considering the inflation protection and resulting potential upside. There isn't much risk owning physical gold as Schiff advocates, but recent history has shown there *is* risk owning the US stock market. In a hyperinflationary scenario you wouldn't want anything but physical gold. I can find videos where Schiff specifically said he believed **the stock market would go up**, but for the wrong reasons (QE). We're not debating his investment track record, which is actually pretty good for his clients. You took a swipe at his credibility saying and I quote "Those people are wrong all the time though."
I asked for specific examples and you haven't given me one yet.


The Fed's own target was 2%, so that exceeds it. It's beyond healthy I guess you'd say. So we'll have to see how the economy now improves... if you're right and Schiff is wrong, that is.
@_date: 2015-12-17 00:53:58
The point is Satoshi A) did not start Bitcoin with ANY limit, as the 1MB cap was added as a temp flooding defense measure, and B) obviously didn't intend to keep the cap as he talked about how to remove it. 
People can argue all they want about what they personally feel is best for Bitcoin, small or large blocks, but to say keeping 1MB isn't a change from what everybody expected from the earliest history of bitcoin is really indefensible.
@_date: 2015-06-07 15:42:25
Hmm, okay. The answer to your first question is yes. The larger the number of miners and fully validating nodes that participate in Bitcoin the more robust it is. That's certainly true. However, the robustness is in the level of network security and (ideally) level of decentralization.
It's the second part of your question I don't get, about spam transactions. Any transaction, whether of legitimate value or classed as spam, is just data. The network passes this data (the transactions) around and marks as valid ones which conform to all protocol rules. This has little to do with processing power, though, and the spam or data limits see pressure from block size and network bandwidth primarily. This is where the block size debate come from, but hasn't much to do with miner processing power or number of miners, unless many of those miners are in locations with severe bandwidth constraints.
In other words increasing number of miners alone doesn't increase Bitcion spam capacity. In fact the opposite would be true. The fewer the number of miners the more spam (data) they could handle, because that data would have smaller transmission requirements.
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:25:41


No, you posted one example of how **you interpreted** what he said to be wrong. I posted another, I believe more sensible, way to interpret what he was conveying. You posted a second example where he was put on the spot to provide a time frame by the questioner. He obliged. It turned out he wasn't right on that single call, but at that same time gold was $1700. Using the earlier Dec 2009 video of his call to "buy all he could" at say $900 he would have been up about 89% over two years. You put that into whatever formula you want. In my book it's over 40% annualized gain in 2 years. But you won't talk about that.
Look up the definition of interest. I don't have time to explain things to you. Believe what you want. View things how you want. Take care.
(Also, he has been recommending people buy gold since it was under $400.)
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:27:10


One is near the top of the list. Venezuela inflation is now seen at 100%. 
A currency collapse (or hyperinflation) is generally defined as 50% inflation in a month. That article on the bolivar refers to it as hyperinflation, and if it isn't technically now, it may soon be.
Another listed is the Russian ruble, which recently lost as much as 20% on a single day. If it's not technically in hyperinflation now it was arguably in 1998 during the financial collapse under Yeltsin when purchasing power was cut by 75%, and certainly in the 1920s as the Soviet ruble underwent [three successive redenominations](
Argentina of course periodically destroys its currency too, its most recent crisis the [Great Depression of 1998-2002]( which followed a brief period of economic expansion after the [depression in the 1980's]( which saw annual inflation exceed 1,000%
That's from the top of my head. I didn't list other countries undergoing economic hardship like Brazil, so I'm not looking up more history.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:10:04


Untrue. Provide specific examples, please.
They are not wrong if their predictions manifest themselves on a timetable you or others don't expect, unless they specify a timetable. Peter Schiff was laughed at and called "wrong" on the housing bubble, his position diametrically opposed to the sitting Federal Reserve Chairman, until he was proven right.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:25:41
If Western Union could *afford* $300k/day to delay and inconvenience a few bitcoin users making transactions which would still likely get confirmed in shorter time than an average overseas WU transaction would, I say bring it on ;)
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:04:37
Full (non-mining) nodes only validate and relay transactions and blocks conforming to the protocol. They don't otherwise have a say in protocol rules, i.e. extending the blockchain.
Sybil attacking the network with these nodes would make it easier to pull off zero confirmation double-spends, and increase latency for blocks mined by competitors while accelerating your own for increased profitability. Aside from that nothing much would happen. You can't, for example, roll back confirmed txns, permanently block txns or change the 21 million limit. It's not worth it considering the cost. One would be far better off channeling resources to honest mining.
@_date: 2015-06-30 16:38:33


Countries don't really "collapse".
Currencies collapse, though, which has happened many many times historically. Countries instead go through periods of prosperity, adversity and economic hardship, civil unrest and war, peace, boom and bust economic cycles etc. What period a country is in at any given times depends on many factors, usually directly related to their political choices (or lack thereof).
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:18:53


Yes, it does. If what is said doesn't matter then nothing does...
Some people don't care to listen carefully to what people say, and indeed many people don't require it, especially in casual conversation. Science is different, though, because science is about determining truth and **fact**.
Let's try applying what you say to something more illustrative, shall we? Start with normal chickens eating and laying eggs normally.  Examine and classify those eggs as "normal quality/state" eggs. 
Next, take half of the chickens and inject them with cancer tumors, the HIV virus, feed them nothing but GMO corn, and sleep deprive them for days on end. Applying the null hypothesis, according to you, we can confidently state, or better yet *publish* in newspapers, magazines etc. without any testing:
"There is NO effect on the second set of eggs" 
Still think that's an accurate way to go? You'd pay the same price in the store for Set 
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:55:25


They are already here:
Riots in Ukraine 
Riots Break Out in UK
Venezuelan currency tanks; inflation seen near 100%
Detroit: Then and Now
Russian rouble in free-fall despite shock 17% rate rise
Occupy Wall Street's Raucous Birthday Party: Arrests, Sermons, and Signs
Cyprus Is Doomed: Why the Country Must Leave the Euro Immediately
The young and the disconnected: America's youth unemployment problem
Youth unemployment rate is worst for 20 years, compared with overall figure
Argentina's Default: Lessons Learned, What Happens Next
Bill Gross Warns About Liquidity In Next Crisis
Interest rates rise could derail recovery, Bank of England economist warns
Japan Limps Into 2nd Quarter as Inflation Stops, Spending Falls
Tsipras defiant as banks shut, markets rocked
Puerto Rico's Governor Says Island's Debts Are 'Not Payable'
Why That Swiss Referendum On Gold Deserved To Fail
The middle class is struggling to make the rent
 
US First Quarter GDP Revision; Down 0.2% And Two Problems
Keep in mind all this has been occurring with central banks around the world keeping their foot on the gas for years. It's not so much an event as a process. There is an end-game, but it's not easy to predict such a thing, as it largely hinges on people grasping the situation they're in and taking protective measures. Some people take more convincing than others, hence the comic.
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:15:38
I noticed that. Still not even over $1200.
Thank you [finance.yahoo.com]( (which I view at least daily) for adding gold, oil, and bond prices right on the front page! :)
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:29:12
I don't think you're reading that conversation correctly. It's not about Bitcoin surviving. It's about what it would look like after a controversial hard fork. In this case it could be minus the two developers in that conversation, at least.
What's being discussed is the issue of controversy in Bitcoin's software future. These two devs are saying, and I have to respect their point, that controversial hard forks should be banned completely. They signed up to analyze and fix technical problems, not political ones. To them the answer is simple: no change is the default. We all agree to move together or not at all. Incidentally, this answers Gavin's [prior question](
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:51:57


Let's consider the full picture. There is increasing volume correlation all along the line, except after 2008...
@_date: 2015-06-28 15:02:13


You've omitted that 100% of Bitcoin users agree to what &gt;50% hash power determines.
@_date: 2015-06-14 13:36:59


You can use [Hushmail]( but be careful that their free accounts expire if left unused over several days. You can also use a more mainstream free service like mail.aol.com, but be sure to use Tor or VPN to create the account.
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:42:11
Good question. Yes, you've got it about right.
The reason Bitcoin is set up the way it is, is because the *current* banking system does several things poorly. It doesn't care about making efforts to serve the unbanked, provide better and faster service at lower fees (like microtransactions, or cross-border transactions), while blocking people spending their money how they want in some cases, like wikileaks or online gambling.
The reason it's not really feasible to make Bitcoin in the model of present banks is that government pressure would shut it down as soon as it got too big. This exactly happened with a company called eGold. When there is a central entity the government knows where to look, where to apply pressure, where to seize and confiscate. That's not possible with decentralization, though. :)
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:03:14


And what is a hypothesis? Definition from Google:
hypothesis - a supposition or proposed explanation made on the basis of limited evidence **as a starting point for further investigation.**
You can't make an affirmative claim without the supporting proof, i.e. the results of the investigation a.k.a scientific research.
@_date: 2015-06-26 11:56:44
Let me explain it to you.
It's about *opt-in*. That in essence is what freedom is about. You don't force people to do what you want. Nor do you forcefully limit them from doing what they want, so long as it doesn't harm anyone else.
Libertarians don't have a problem with laws. We have a problem with governments playing unfairly. I'll give an example. The U.S. dollar doesn't follow the laws. It didn't go through a process of constitutional amendment to shed the gold/silver legal tender requirement. It muscles its way into society by force of taxation, not opt-in free market dynamics. 
Fine. That's a problem for another day. The dollar won't be around forever. In the meantime if the people forcefully made to use that system want to have regulated casinos, so be it. However, when Bitcoin comes along, which is completely opt-in and supported entirely by free market dynamics, the same unlawful rule makers are not content with their own system, but must regulate an entirely separate, unrelated, opt-in free market system as well. That's where the protest comes from.
They are too scared to even try letting the free market, which has tougher market-based regulation, work. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 20:16:47
Interesting post. I feel for you, but think it's expected. I think I remember the "storeownerguy" from Rise, very cool! :D
Yea, I believe we're experiencing deflation right now (actually, inflation and deflation at the same time weirdly) so non-essential sales related businesses will start feeling it. I think you're right to bet on Bitcoin, though. Unfortunately, it will still be a tough slog as the market is still small comparatively. 
I would say re-brand as Internet Services &amp; Cafe. It looks like you're high on the tech end so stick with that. You can keep the print/copy service to the extent it makes money, but pare it down to be lean. Ideally it complements any new direction you take. 
I think you want to provide computer services and currency exchange, heavy on the Bitcoin market of course. You have an advantage with a physical location for being more trustworthy. Forget the ATM and exchange yourself. Keep all the profits. Businesses are allowed to buy and sell virtual currency as long as it's for their own purposes/profit. Just keep all gains records for taxes.
Definitely market to the Bitcoin community. Get on LocalBitcoins as a permanent buyer &amp; seller. Also join, start or sponsor a local meetup if you haven't already. List yourself on coinmap.org of course. It looks like you're in a decent position near the Burbank airport. You may also get 101 freeway traffic of people coming from LAX and the 405. Become the place to be for visiting the L.A. area just as that pita shop was in N.Y. You might carry some bare minimum refreshments ala Starbucks like Perrier, coffee, pure orange juice, maybe some cookies, and grilled cheese &amp; ham sandwiches; nothing that needs a kitchen stove or anything, a microwave/toaster tops.  
That gives you two added ways to potentially make money in addition to what you now do. You might also offer VPN computer usage for anonymous Bitcoin gambling ([this]( comes to mind), which should be fine as you're not operating any sites yourself, just renting a computer. :)
This is all stuff you can start doing almost immediately with little capital investment. Best of luck :)
**EDIT:** I should say for buying/selling it's ok at the federal level regarding FinCEN. In New York it seems you would need a "bitlicense". I don't know the state regulation for California.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:14:55
Doing something else with their disposable income of $300k/day is up to them. It's not worth it to proceed along the course you've outlined in any case ;)
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:08:03
I think you mean [Quantitative easing]( ;)
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:38:40


I don't think that's what he's asking. He's asking what model would people, especially core developers, trust to provide arbitration.
There is no official government, but there is lobbying, alliances and influence which effectively governs. Consensus by software uptake is the default.
@_date: 2015-06-22 02:02:50


No, the burden of proof is on the person making an assertion, whatever it is, ie no change, change, etc.


I agree. Similarly, you don't get to claim no correlation without evidence. As I said, the default scientific position is unknown. A hypothesis is, as I pointed out, a *starting point*. That's what you don't seem to acknowledge.
Let me ask you a question. Please answer honestly. If you were buying eggs in the supermarket and I held out two boxes and described the origin of each box as outlined above, but told you not to worry, and take my word that there was NO effect on the second set of eggs, would you let me put them in your cart and pay the same price as box  Yes or No? What if I said the burden of proof was on *you* to say there was some change and you had to take them? Still ok?
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:16:21
Holy crap. LOL!
That's AWESOME. The only thing I can see is no easy way to manage transactions. That's the final touch. If it's possible for users to jump on their PC and use software which behaves like an online wallet or SPV node, but really interacts with their hardware node, then BAM that's it EXACTLY.
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:06:27


There is no compound interest as this isn't a loan. It's holding an asset. I didn't say anything about reinvesting any *gains*. You start with $900, today you have $1175. That's a gain, not a loss, period.


I didn't say zero risk. Nothing in life is zero risk. I said there isn't much risk owning gold. You look at this chart and tell me it's bad advice advocating owning gold over the long term as Schiff has done: 
You're taking words or concepts and twisting them around to fit your outlook. I don't have time to sit here and refute or explain everything you come up with. 


Yes, he said "we're talking gold $5000" in the next few years. That's inline with his earlier comments about hyperinflation. That video was in 2012. A few is more than 2. It could be as much as 5, which would be the 2017 date I gave earlier. If we experience hyperinflation you can bet gold will go over $5000 per ounce. 
In that video he also said he thought we might see a "big move" in a couple years, which would have been 2014. We're now under the $1700 where gold was at that time, so he was wrong on direction there. Big deal. I never claimed he was omniscient or perfect. Remember, at that point he would have been almost 100% up on that $900 investment. Overall he's still accurately backed up with historical evidence. Your claim, again was:  "Those people are wrong **all the time** though."
Time will tell. You find one instance of him making an on-the-spot trade call which didn't pan out and your whole outlook is validated. Whatever. Believe what you want. Like I said, time will tell.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:12:21


I'm not taking a side on this point, just raising an observation. The 1MB limit was imposed before Bitcoin had any real adoption. [It existed]( by the time I signed up.
The white paper may not have a 1 MB limit, but the software implementation everyone signed up for does. I wonder what would have happened if the cap was only self-imposed by miners, rather than becoming part of the software protocol. Perhaps everyone should have a beef with Satoshi, as that decision has ushered in the rift. 
It's abundantly clear to me the two sides of this will never agree (I'd actually put you and at the furthest extremes), but at least they might gain some appreciation for the basis of the reasoning of the other.
@_date: 2015-06-11 02:23:33


The reason people are against raising the block size is doing so moves the dial from more decentralized to less decentralized. How much it moves is the point of contention. Bitcoin voting power is made up of not only miners but fully validating (and relaying) nodes too, as they contribute to the incentive game theory. So network health in terms of decentralization considers them.


I agree. Linux machines are every bit as capable as Windows, and it's free. What's the reason for disparity in market share then? Ease of use, which is my point.


No, people against higher sizes want *encouraged* decentralization. Increasing the load nodes must deal with runs counter to that. It's really that simple. Bandwidth can already comfortably support higher than 1MB blocks, but dealing with the blockchain becomes that much more onerous considering initial sync, disconnected catch-up time, memory and cpu sharing when on the same machine as for normal use etc. That's why I like my dedicated device idea. It covers many bases.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:30:33
"You can't be cut off from Bitcoin," he said. "It can be much more real than the inaccessible money in the bank."
Awesome quote.
@_date: 2015-06-27 14:56:26
It's not the same. 
This is seen as an issue of one of the *fundamental* promises of Bitcoin. Those that resist block size change believe decentralization likely to be lost. That's up there with changing 21 million coins, which is an issue about which I myself would leave.
@_date: 2015-06-22 13:08:17
The 7tps is a figure representing a technical maximum using 1MB blocks, considering a minimum standard transaction of 1 input and 2 outputs (1 to destination, and 1 back for change) for 225 bytes.
In practice what we actually see is more like 3tps at ~550 bytes on average, because we're doing things other than minimum standard transactions, like using complex scripts or more inputs and outputs per transaction. DeathAndTaxes has [an excellent write up]( at Bitcointalk.
@_date: 2015-06-20 23:47:34


You shouldn't downvote me anyway. The downvote button is used too much, often improperly I feel. I think people use it to express disagreement, which is improper. It should only be used to discount something one feels is so obviously bad/wrong as to not even warrant further views. I hardly use the downvote; I instead reply voicing disagreement, which seems fairer. /rant


I think I see the source of our disagreement. It's semantics.
We both think the market is due for a correction. One way to say that, from MarketAhab and acoindr's viewpoint is, "a market correction is not *sufficiently* priced in".
This is why you don't think my first sentence makes sense. However, the market is not made up of thousands of MarketAhabs and acoindrs. It's made up of other traders with *other* viewpoints, if we're right that is. It's these traders I'm referring to when I say they (the market) have priced the Greek situation in. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 22:32:45
Node count went down because everything pushed for that outcome. More convenient SPV and other easy-to-use  wallets came out; the blockchain became comparatively bothersome to deal with; bitcoin.org (and by extension others) recommended new users use something other than Bitcoin Core; word went around improperly set up nodes didn't help much anyway (port 8333 inaccessible; not on all the time). Meanwhile nobody said there was doom around the corner or other compelling reasons to run full nodes. Would it make sense to expect a different outcome?
I'm going to try something. Rather than make an argument for or against either side this will focus on what both agree on: more full node participation is better. 
I recommend we make available a small black box, a bit bigger than a Rubik's cube. It has two buttons on it, power/reset, and OK. There is no screen. It contains the bare minimum components of a network node: cpu, wifi module, RAM, SSD, linux distro, Core, USB. There is a red and green LED.
The company which makes/sells these devices, along the lines of BitPay having community support motives, markets them as a "responsible and helpful" way to participate in a decentralized project. I bet they sell like hotcakes. From the user end they simply plug the device in. The red LED glows until it's ready and switches to green.
Now the user has a secure, properly configured, fully participating Bitcoin node. It's Bitcoin the way it was meant to be, but packaged and usable in a way anybody can understand. How to use? From the company website the user downloads Armory-like software to their normal computer which manages a wallet but can't sign transactions. To sign transactions a user shuttles a USB stick to the box and presses OK.
@_date: 2015-06-28 13:58:54


He didn't actually say that. He said anything *controversial*. That's different from a feature not everyone is convinced is a good idea to implement, like certain OP codes.


Interestingly, decentralized doesn't mean majority. It only means there isn't a central authority for any given decision. If 75% of a group wants one thing and 25% do not, then it doesn't mean the correct answer lies with the 75%. It only means no decision from an authority can be imposed on the 75% and 25% together. 
This isn't an endorsement of either debate side, just a point on decentralization.
@_date: 2015-06-20 20:29:15


I disagree. I think *any* feasibly safe route for transactions is relevant to the debate, especially if it has little chance of being blocked and adds little or nothing to the blockchain.
I don't think we'll see any one method supremely scale Bitcoin. I think we'll see a mixture of things. I don't personally think the LN is a full solution, but I do see benefits in many cases. Come to think of it I don't think I've seen anybody against the LN.
Also, remember that not everybody has the same projections for what percentage of global use Bitcoin may end up with. That means defining success, and what the block size should be, has even more room for disagreement.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:49:05
It has been said Bitcoin *is an experiment*. Of all the potential problems it could have I would have been surprised the most problematic would be decision making.
I guess that makes sense. The American government was also a novel world experiment. Fortunately it was set up with a clear methodology for direction. That's missing in Bitcoin. The default of course is the code people choose to run. Perhaps that's not seen as wisest, but there is no other way to enforce consensus. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 20:14:13


Maybe *you* don't but some people do. There were people that [accurately predicted]( the housing bubble before it popped.
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:00:36
Geez. They have a daily EBITA of almost 4 million dollars. I didn't know they were *that* profitable. 
Sheesh. Bitcoin and crypto have a LOT of work to do. Hmm, well I guess theoretically they might play with the idea. LOL That would be pretty funny, though. If they're going to lose they may as well go out with a bang.
@_date: 2015-06-10 23:44:08


Aha! That's where I disagree. I'm glad you said that because I think it's a crucial point in the block size debate. The two sides hardly agree because they have different ideas about obstacles to running full nodes, but I think people overlook the issue of user interface and experience.
It comes down to *effort*. It's similar to real life elections, where voter turnout is embarrassingly low. If people believe they can make a difference and need to, though, they will step up. If you make full node participation as smooth and intuitive as, say, hooking up a cable box and using online services people can understand and do that. Otherwise Bitcoin can hardly compete, even with 1MB blocks, security and data management being too unwieldy.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:14:58


Umm... that's the way this country was intentionally set up. 
If *bad* political decisions are made at the federal level, there is nowhere to go. If bad political decisions are at the state level people can vote with their feet and move.
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:57:45


Agreed, but what kind of price is that to pay? For many it's not worth it. Why limit yourself? Sometimes it's easier to just go along to get along, and that's enough of a deterrent.


Yes, also agreed, but they'll argue they've prevented or deterred many the public will never know about. That's the thing about boogeymen and a populace afraid of their own shadow. These are people that canceled and stayed away from a parody movie about a remote dictator after said dictator [threatened consequences](
@_date: 2015-06-06 00:21:04


The FEC [recently approved bitcoin donations]( to political committees. I think candidates are also required to obtain identifying information like name and address for compliance with individual contribution limits. This doesn't mean they're conducting KYC level screening, but make some effort to identify source of funds.
At the end of the day a candidate doesn't want political or legal baggage, so they'll try to keep things on the up and up. If I'm not mistaken there was a hate group that tried donating to Ron Paul's presidential campaign, which was declined/returned. Ultimately I think campaign finance becomes far less important in a more decentralized world with open and flat access to information such as we're already starting to see. 
@_date: 2015-06-22 03:09:00


I agree. Neither is making assertions which are not supported. That's what started our dialogue, remember? You linked to a GMO article, but the original poster didn't. Your first message to me was about burden of proof, which the original poster *still* hasn't provided.
To be clear, I'm not taking a position on GMO here (though I have one). That's not relevant to my point. I pointed out the error in burden of proof made by the OP.


Not at all.


Of course they are. Humans can't walk through walls. That's provable fact. There are many facts we've learned about our existence. There are also theories we hold, and theories which are largely recognized as  fact by the scientific community, such as the theory of evolution or Einstein's theory of general relativity, though these are still classified as theories.
The point is there is a very high threshold for something to be regarded as fact. That's why I said one has to be careful of making assertions in the affirmative. There has been far more serious scientific scrutiny and testing on theories such as I've noted than there has been on the effects of GMO fed livestock, yet these things are still *theories*. At some point after considerable scrutiny, data, and peer-reviewed confirmation over time it's reasonably safe to say definitively whether or not something can be regarded as fact. The point I'm trying to get over to you is this is required regardless what the assertion is, including situations where changed variables might change some outcome.
@_date: 2015-06-04 22:46:21
I know people are looking to blame someone, but she isn't the scapegoat here. The real problem is we don't have free markets and sound money. If we did defaults from those with subpar credit would have corrected the market long before things got out of hand. In fact the mortgages never would have been originated, because access to credit would have been properly denied.
Think of it like blowing air into a weirdly shaped balloon. If you force in the air it has to go somewhere. It will pump up some part of the overall structure even if it's malformed and out of place. Blythe Masters invented one channel for the air, but it would have gone somewhere anyway.
@_date: 2015-06-14 13:10:52
For relatively small amounts a quick obfuscation technique is chaining multiple services together.
For example, say you buy $200 of BTC using your Coinbase linked bank account. 
Step 1: create a free account at btc-e.com with only an email address (use an anon email account)
Step 2: create a free account at blockchain.info (use Tor for higher anonymity)
Step 3: create a free account at block.io with only an email address (use anon email account, Tor)
Send Coinbase coins to BTC-e. Withdraw BTC-e coins to a large trusted gambling site like PrimeDice.com or Just-Dice.com. Withdraw gambling site coins to blockchain.info. At this point your coins have over 85% chance of broken links to the Coinbase coins.
You can use them as is or keep chaining services depending on comfort/needs. Use ShapeShift.io to switch the blockchain.info coins to Litecoins which are deposited at a new BTC-e account which you then trade for BTC and withdraw to your block.io account. Coins now at block.io are probably 100% unrelated to the Coinbase coins. 
When creating accounts be sure to use Tor/VPN etc and anon email addresses. There is no limit to the number of new accounts and switches you can do, so you get the idea.
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:16:40
Your question is the reason there is a huge block size debate.
You're asking what is the best way to make Bitcoin able to process higher amounts of data. Due to the way Bitcoin is designed this presents a technical problem, because the validation must take place in a decentralized way (spread over many computers). If there was, say, one single computer used as the clearinghouse for bitcoin transactions it could easily handle over 1 million transactions per second (spam and legit). This clearinghouse would receive transactoin data over its bandwidth and update its single database. That allows for *very* high capacity limits.
The reason Bitcoin doesn't do that is because that's not decentralized. Whatever entity controlled that computer could control other things about transactions, like who could not donate to Wikileaks, for example. So the tradeoff is that Bitcoin spreads decision making over many computers. This makes it impossible for any single entity to control what happens, but it also places limits on what the network as a whole can do. 
At some point in the distant future computers and bandwidth will be at a level sufficient to process global transaction capacity while being decentralized, but in 2015 we're not there.
@_date: 2015-06-20 20:48:05


That's not how it works. 
**You** are the one that made a statement in the affirmative:
*"GMO corn has NO effect on the quality of eggs."*
The burden of proof lies with you. The default scientific position of something unproven is neutral or unknown. This means non-GMO eggs have a certain state/quality. Changing the feed to GMO *may* produce a change from this.  We don't know if it does, but we can't say either way. Anyone that *does* say either way has the burden of proof.
@_date: 2015-06-20 17:28:14


Tell that to people who work all their lives saving to retire when they're too old and frail to work.
@_date: 2015-06-22 13:35:09
Any transaction per second number depends on the structure of the transactions. If you imagine most transactions won't be made up of precisely the right input amount, paying to a single output then you need at least 1 input and 2 outputs (one output for change), which gives you 7tps.
@_date: 2015-12-16 22:48:27


[Re: [PATCH] increase block size limit](
"It can be phased in, like: if (blocknumber &gt; 115000)     maxblocksize = largerlimit" - Satoshi Nakamoto, October 4, 2010
@_date: 2015-06-07 22:51:08


This alone tells me you don't sufficiently seem to understand either capitalism or socialism.
@_date: 2015-06-20 20:57:31


Evolution of species has taken place over billions of years. We don't know how many "bad matches" of artificial selection died out. Sexual intercourse is a natural act. Yet inbreeding can have obviously harmful effect.
@_date: 2015-06-26 01:32:41
Tell me about it. I'll have nightmares of that smiling mug.
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:48:05


That's not true. There are different ways Bitcoin can be used. 
One way is as a settlement layer for off-chain txn providers, including the proposed [Lightning Network]( which requires &gt; 1MB blocks under most models. 
Any increase over 1MB guarantees more possible capacity for the ways in which Bitcoin is used. The unanswered question is at what cost to decentralization. Opponents to block size increase believe the risk or cost too great. Since it's all guesswork (even if educated) about the future, there is plenty of room for disagreement, even among highly intelligent people. Hence our debate problem.
@_date: 2015-06-14 14:02:03


Countermail looks a little better than Hushmail, if for no other reason than they're farther away from the U.S. (Sweden as opposed to Canada), but of course *any* service can potentially cooperate with law enforcement. The idea is to not have to trust the service, of course, so always use Tor/VPN to create and access accounts, and definitely don't pay using PayPal/credit cards etc (Countermail takes bitcoin, so that's a plus).
Also, people, please note that anonymity, like security exists on a gradient from bad to good but never perfect. The methods I've advised are for general use purposes. For superior anonymity more in-depth technical considersations are warranted.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:31:57
Yep, that's the key. People don't want to bother with a full node on their daily use machine, which may be taken offline, filled with other jobs etc. 
At the same time they want convenient, instant transaction access. Bitseed may be 90% there as far as I can see. If they can nail user experience they've hit it out of the park.
@_date: 2015-06-20 22:13:46
The stock market has largely priced in all scenarios. Still, it's overdue for a big selloff. I wouldn't be surprised to see over 40% eventually. However, I'd expect the Fed to step in before things get too far out of hand. In fact, they've been looking for an excuse not to raise interest rates. A large market correction could be the out they need, maybe even ushering in QE4.
@_date: 2015-06-07 03:10:44
Bernie Sanders is a self-described "democratic socialist". 
How do you figure that will help the U.S. going forward?
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:18:02


You don't have to tell me about that. I said this *years* ago. I said we needed to get Bitcoin to a point where it could survive without any protocol changes as soon as we could. Key among these would be anything controversial. 
The only changes likely past a  certain point would be ones not the least bit controversial, and eventually only ones deemed critical, and at some point none in any case. This is referred to as an ossification of the protocol, and it's based on an expected bigger pool for different opinions, but also widespread, hard to change software deployment.
@_date: 2015-06-22 12:56:48
We are imagining, for the most part, spontaneous transactions, such as would be seen with credit card purchases. 
It's possible to group multiple payouts together into a single Bitcoin network transaction, but this isn't expected to be typical, just as doing payroll with a credit card isn't typical. Adding outputs to a transaction also raises the total size in bytes for the transaction, meaning it's not a free way to increase total capacity.
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:27:05


I think it's more than that. It's breaking a U.S. law, and the U.S. is pretty powerful. Online poker exploded in the U.S., but after the [UIGEA]( and crackdown everybody shut down, had bank accounts frozen or left the US. Some companies relocated to gaming friendly off-shore locations, while remaining open to U.S. players. I think somebody got busted for doing that as soon as they set foot on U.S. soil, though. That may be the real reason behind all the airport and TSA security (there are gaping holes in terrorism protection). The U.S. simply wants maximum influence and compliance. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 23:17:50


No, they don't. Traders have been aware of the Greek situation not for days, not weeks, not even months, but *years*. No possible outcome could be a complete shock. That means traders believe the price they have bought and sold for are at the right risk level. That's sentence one.
At the same time, the strong bull market we've seen, [also going on years]( means stocks are now likely pricey - something even [Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said]( That's sentence two.
You have to understand market traders are not perfect predictors of future events. Otherwise there would never be any crashes, which obviously isn't the case. That means at some point a person's assessment of the same reality changes from what it was. That's not contradiction. That's life. I'm saying I don't expect any big news in the market, but if there is it could be the trigger to a selloff I believe is inevitable at some point.
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:47:04
I din't say everybody making predictions is accurate. I'm saying some people are more accurate than others.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:16:46


What would you like me to defend? Also, he didn't vote yes on TPP. He is for presidential negotiating authority.
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:15:40
You're being ridiculous and trying to rewrite history.
On point A, yes you are technically correct, there was a 32MB limit for the *software* implementation of Bitcoin. Keep in mind Bitcoin is many things. It started with the idea/white paper, then evolved to be implemented in practice. Satoshi's white paper has no limit. Matching that with Satoshi's other writings about network composition (who would mine, who likely would not) it's clear Satoshi never intended a static 1MB limit. 
Add on top of all that my citation with his pseudo code on how to move away from the temporary 1MB flood cap and it's clear how Bitcoin's design was intended and perceived to be going forward. Not once did Satoshi say the 1MB cap was anything other than a temporary flooding defense mechanism. You have absolutely zero basis to claim that was the way Bitcoin was intended.
@_date: 2014-06-01 16:39:39
Well the OP probably had a paper wallet leading to the concept of "moving" the funds (the private key as you point out). However, a private key can certainly be memorized, so what happens then? Then if you transport your person, with knowledge of passwords which unlock the coins it might still be argued you're transporting funds.
Okay, no problem. Say you're someone with apartments in different locations around the world. You can set up a server and printer which you can communicate with over encrypted channel, and before flying send your private key to your remote server which gets printed out (or skip print step), then burn your paper wallet and board plane.
Banks get away with [money laundering]( and [flouting regulations]( all the time. Bitcoin can emphasize that hypocrisy.
@_date: 2014-12-02 18:15:45
Yes, that link you posted mentions "an angel round is USUALLY first money in (like a seed round) OR a post-seed round but a pre-series A" which is what I mean, that a seed round is distinct from series A.
I agree there probably doesn't exist dictionary definitions, but companies and their investments are generally thought of at stages is my point. The life cycle of a company is generally the same: starts as an idea, tries to get (beg!) for initial moderate funding (the seed round and most risky), and once more proven or having traction can court actual venture capitalists, leading to professional rounds of funding starting with "series A". The end of the investment cycle is (sometimes) an IPO.
@_date: 2014-10-10 18:01:49


Less privacy and trust for individuals while more secrecy, trust and powers for the government. That's as backward as it can be.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:26:14


Actually his credibility seems to be strengthening.


Peter addressed this. His logic and reasoning, I think, are very good, but he has often over estimated peoples' ability to see what he feels should be obvious, leading to a delay in the resulting effect. 
For example, the housing bubble he says was obvious to him, long before it popped, and indeed he warned about it as such on television. If many, rather than laugh at or ignore him, as people seemed to do right up until the pop, began to see what he did, then the bubble popping would probably have happened sooner.
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:06:14
A full Bitcoin confirmation is also unlikely to be reversed later, also known as a 'chargeback'. Chargebacks raise operating costs and are likely to be passed back to consumers in some way.
According to [a 2014 report](
"Card transaction disputes and chargebacks have become especially
alarming contributors to inefficiencies and are seriously impacting
bottom lines. The annual growth rate of disputed volumes is already at a worrying 19%." 
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:42:09
I'd say that's more akin to saying almost all modes of transportation involve use of wheels. That doesn't mean wheels are indicative of the best means of locomotion. A rocket can obviously do far more impressive things than most any vehicle with wheels, and of course has none.
It may be that IQ scores are a fantastic way to measure intelligence, or they are coincidentally one way. To say for certain one must first understand and define what the best intelligence actually is. In my opinion a great measurement is scarcity of mistakes, particularly in consideration of any subject matter.
@_date: 2014-09-08 03:21:07
I could go on for awhile. Instead I'll defer you to someone quite capable - Peter Schiff:
You can start with his [most recent video]( and comments on the recently *missed* jobs expectation numbers for August (missed by 90K), but they're all pretty good :)
@_date: 2014-12-12 20:57:25


No that's not what I'm doing, that's just one example I showed you. I've gone to a Satoshi Square and watched and transferred bitcoins. The process is workable, but not as smooth as it can be. There is also the story of the guy that ate $50 worth of food and had to pay twice because somebody stuck a different QR code over the one on the register the cashier told him to scan and send coins to. Like I say the process isn't ideal. 
Look at the cashier in the video that holds the guy's phone because his QR code can't be turned around. Look at the photo of this thread where the waitress has to strike a pose for every patron that wants to pay with BTC.
Even you yourself keep saying under 10 seconds. Why can't it be under 2 seconds? Everybody will not have the same experience you do.
@_date: 2014-08-26 00:46:38


All countries are interested in the same things, just as all people are, because, you know, countries are made up of people.
I do know Russia got bogged down in Afghanistan like another country I know... before withdrawing. The Chinese are acting a lot like capitalists.
@_date: 2015-06-08 18:34:08


I wouldn't say that. It's just the devaluation isn't as noticeable over shorter time frames. Over a longer time frame, like 30 years, the effect seen can be quite dramatic. Devaluing a currency produces an automatic transfer of wealth from lower to upper classes. In the last 30 years in America this has meant the top 1% have done exceedingly well, while the lower 99% have seen stagnant wages, decreased living standards, and a disappearing middle class.


Don't forget Saddam Hussein who wanted to trade oil for euros.
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:01:39
I almost didn't watch this, thinking I've heard tons from Erik already. What else could he say? How soon I forget his impressiveness. Absolute gem:
"There are the business people out there building a world, and then there are politicians suffocating it, and I'm glad that Bitcoin is something global so that even if the politicians in America have completely lost their way, at least the land of the free can move somewhere else." Wow.
@_date: 2014-11-08 20:59:00
Coinbase's new multi-sig vault option lets users control their keys:
@_date: 2014-08-27 19:12:40


Thank you! I totally agree. That's why anytime I see Ripple gaining market presence I try pointing out the non-transparency. I worry it's possible for them to gain large scale adoption, because they do provide a useful service, but then reign over everyone like a non-transparent central bank. Something to consider.
@_date: 2014-12-18 21:57:39


Why would using gold coins be crappy? 
I think it would be seriously cool, a bit romantic even. Okay, yes, there were problems with coin shaving/fraud, weight, and it rubbing off on skin and clothing, but still...imagine getting tipped with a bit of gold. Now *that's* a tip someone could appreciate :)
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:25:32


I think you missed a key line I mentioned: Some things make sense at some points which don't at others.
I don't know which debate you're referring to, but I'm guessing at what may have happened. My guess is anyone against external code, if that was the case, had that as a temporary not long term view. Same with my comment on Linus Torvalds which someone seems to have downvoted. I wasn't suggesting he was some elitist control freak. I read some of his history, and he surprised himself at some of the things he was able to pull off (he underestimated his ability I believe). When you're down in the trenches, working on new and complex software it often makes sense to limit the things which can go wrong until you're more sure whatever you're working on can handle it. That's completely normal.
@_date: 2014-12-21 18:29:53


Wrong, and you gave the reason yourself:
"**States can make their own laws. These laws apply to individuals and to the state, but not to the federal government or any other states.**"
I completely agree. You and I are in complete agreement about that. 
State business is just that: state business. If you and I live in a state, say Nebraska, and you do something reckless and stupid (maybe a fire) which kills my crops for the year and I sue you it will be in a state court, not a federal court. That's where jurisdiction is. 
If the court determines you are indebted to me for destruction of my crops, and you offer me seashells to discharge your debt and I complain, because I don't want them, what is the court to do? What if you offer me pieces of square green paper and I still complain. THIS is why legal tender law matters. Whatever the court deems allowable to discharge your debt is what you need to have, or acquire, whether you like it or not. It gives that thing *automatic value*. THAT is why the Constitution has that clause there. The framers were well aware of the effects of inflationary currency, having just witnessed it with the [continental]( and debt from the revolutionary war.
People live in the STATES. They don't live in the federal government. I don't need to show why the federal government can't make a fiat currency legal tender, or debate whether  it can make a fiat currency at all. That's irrelevant. If the feds want to issue paper notes backed by nothing, fine. People can accept whatever they want. But leave the court system out of it. The Constitution is CLEAR on that.
@_date: 2014-06-05 10:23:56
In a not so alternate universe...
rep: "Do you see the invoice? Great, now what's your expiration date? What's the CVC Code ... on the back? Your billing zip code? What's your mother's maiden name? ... Do you have another card? OK, what's the CVC Code? On the back? Your billing ! why don't you just drive over here? It would be faster."
@_date: 2014-10-31 19:57:05
Yeah, keep in mind there are different ways to use Bitcoin, from the top of law abiding and safe legitimacy (like investor Tim Draper [buying bitcoins]( from US Marshals) all the way down to honest and dishonest people trading for drugs on sites like SilkRoad 2, with a big range in between.
The thing with Bitcoin, though, is you as an individual have the ability to control your experience, wherever in that range you want to be. By default Bitcoin in general tries to assume you want to keep your actions private. Many businesses in the ecosystem try to continue that. However, when colliding with existing government rules and regs many are forced to gather more info than they would normally. Individuals have to then figure ways around if desired, like using LocalBitcoins.com to buy/sell as you seem to already know about :)
Edit: also remember you can always [offer your skills]( (which you def seem to have) and work for bitcoins!
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:56:26
You don't need any prior bitcoin to *receive* bitcoin.
Also, let me give you a direct quote from Jeremy Allair (video I linked above):


That statement implies the slots, whatever they are, are something *separate* from BTC (the units of account).
@_date: 2014-11-26 21:49:09


No it doesn't. Read the sentence. It's talking about the States, and it's talking about what can be legal tender. That has nothing to do with the federal government, nor anything to do with the government paying debt.
@_date: 2014-10-31 21:57:08
Sure, like I said I've been in the community [a long time]( There is def a lot to learn regarding bitcoin/crypto, but people try to be helpful since we all generally believe in it, personal responsibility and empowerment etc. Bitcointalk Hero/Legendary members shouldn't often steer you wrong if you have questions. Thanks for sharing your experience and welcome!
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:15:01
I do too, but I'm thinking a system having those benefits from bitcoin mixed with the simplicity and speed of swiping a card is what I'd really like to see. I think that's possible with Bitcoin, but we need to get there.
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:33:23
If you're setting up an in-person exchange of value with an unknown party if you intend to bring more "firepower" for your side it makes no sense to surprise the other side with that, which is what happened to the OP.
@_date: 2014-09-21 23:39:12
Not so fast... I take exception to that article ;)
Let's first look at the definition of literally: in a literal manner or sense; exactly.
Synonyms include: truly, precisely, exactly.
As evidence of the malleability of 'literally' the article notes in the 1800's Walter Scott wrote: 
"The house was literally electrified; and it was only from witnessing the effects of her genius that he could guess to what a pitch theatrical excellence could be carried."
Since this was 1827, before popularization of the electric light, the house must have been figuratively electrified. I disagree, because I don't think 'electrified' can only mean hooked up to wires. In fact a dictionary definition of electrify includes 'thrill', so by saying the house or audience was exactly, precisely, or truly thrilled there is no change necessary from what is meant to be conveyed to what actually happened. Literally fits perfectly well.
Another example is also from the 1800's, but from Sir Arthur Conan Doyle writing,  in The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, that Sherlock's room "was literally ankle-deep with congratulatory telegrams."
The suggestion is that's probably figurative. The problem here is that Holmes and his room don't *actually exist*. That means there is no way *any* statement about it could be actually true, so using the word literally here is obviously used as art; the room may truly have had ankle-deep telegrams. It's up to the imagination of the reader as to whether it did. So again, literally is used without deviating from its original definition.
@_date: 2014-04-15 11:45:04
Do you even know why Charlie Shrem was charged? It's because he essentially ran everything himself, meaning he was the compliance officer. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 15:27:08
I think you're confusing processing power with number of transactions, similar to how a faster PC can crunch numbers faster. That's not how Bitcoin works. Miners don't use the majority of their processing power to validate transactions; it's used to calculate hashes, which secure the network because finding a hash at a high difficulty is hard to do.
@_date: 2015-06-07 12:36:30


Correct. Socialism doesn't work. It's disheartening to see Americans advocate for it. Perhaps they think Russia has it right.
We already have socialist leanings in America. We've only gotten away with it, and all the productive people haven't left, because the damaging effects are masked within an inflationary currency  (this steals prosperity from the future and spends it early) which has also had the privilege of being the world's reserve currency, providing seigniorage at the expense of future generations. 
But that's coming to an end. An inflationary currency produces an automatic transfer of wealth from lower to upper classes and the middle class is just about wiped out. The massive debt (now over $18 trillion) and high regulatory environment, which protects entrenched interests and diminishes free market competition, aka 
*crony* capitalism, is weighing on the economy preventing real job growth and keeping wages stagnant. Thankfully many Americans are waking up.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:12:19


Yes, I think we are. The difference is key. Prior to reading this conversation I believed some "rough" consensus might be possible, something where neither side was 100% happy, but could go along with some middle version.
I think Gavin's approach also went along these lines. He first proposed removing the limit entirely, then adding a 20MB cap with 50% increases, then 40% increases, then 20MB only, then adding an 8MB cap with 40% increases... He has constantly sought some negotiable compromise, and been frustrated to be met with silence from the other end. Now it makes sense why, at least to me. These two devs don't want to be forced to decide. They believe 100% agreement among all parties is what should be sought, not change based on pressure against an adoption clock. If 100% agreement isn't forthcoming or possible, then no change happens. "Very bad" hard forks don't happen with this perspective. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:02:51
I disagree. You're saying everyone has the same use case for Bitcoin, which clearly isn't true. For example, there are buyers of drugs deemed "illegal" which can only be bought online with Bitcoin. Where is the speculation there? There are people starting to use Bitcoin to pay vendors and service providers in other countries in ways only possible at cost savings with Bitcoin. Again no speculation. There are people in places like Argentina with such declining purchasing power in their local currency Bitcoin, even with its volatility, is a better store of value, and often the only accessible option. Some hold bitcoins for ideology and principle, some to be "hip" etc.
There are also different kinds of speculators. Everyone that holds US dollars speculates it will have roughly the same purchasing power a week from now as it does today. That isn't guaranteed, you know. So the speculator in the traditional sense, someone only holding onto Bitcoin (or an asset) because they expect its value to increase, probably in a short enough term to make a good profit, probably makes up a good portion of Bitcoin holders, but it's not 100%.
@_date: 2014-12-16 19:33:52
LOL I was just about to post that. Actually, I read it "Fair[sp] Drew, well... Good luck" LOL
@_date: 2014-07-03 13:13:56


I warned about exactly this as Bitcoin was transitioning into popularity. I said we needed to get the protocol to a point of 'good enough', requiring few if any changes, before more voices inevitably jumped in.
As Bitcoin brings in the rest of the world you get dilution to the core understanding of it, with plenty of 'experts' like professor bitcorn weighing in. Jeremy Allaire isn't that bad and IMO we need companies like Circle to merge more smoothly with non-tech mainstream users, but for example Jeremy's description of Bitcoin as purchasing 'slots on a network with 1 BTC being one slot' is a bit jarring, and basically inaccurate.
 (25:15 to 27:00)
You don't need to purchase anything to use Bitcoin, especially not 'slots' from some exchange. All you need is freely available wallet software which can generate addresses. You can then have someone send you bitcoin, even if only fractions of one, simply and pretty much for free.
@_date: 2014-09-24 23:10:42
This is a layer of redundancy, so it's not easy to falsify anything without being detected pretty quick. Only those relying solely on the radio signal, with no Internet might be temporarily affected, and even then this doesn't change the hash power needed to produce valid blocks. 
Also, there can be more than one broadcaster for blockchain comparison. Any broadcaster ever shown to be untrustworthy would lose reputation (and audience) swiftly.  
@_date: 2014-09-13 18:30:44
This sounds like a case for pics or it didn't happen, but in any case:
The CORRECT Way to Handle a Traffic Stop
@_date: 2014-09-07 22:43:35
One thing to keep in mind is Bitcoin started in 2009. The financial crisis happened in 2008. Bitcoin had nothing to do with it. (nor did any oil interests) The dollar/banking system is falling apart on its own. Bitcoin is actually in the *favorable* position of picking up the pieces.
@_date: 2014-10-05 19:48:18


@_date: 2014-05-01 14:54:38
To be clear, from a coin security standpoint most users are best using an offline solution such as [Bitcoinarmory](
However, the article seems to miss the fact that many people have high bandwidth Internet connections by default nowadays as well as more than one computer (e.g. a desktop and laptop).  There is no "trying to manage a full node". There is nothing to manage. Once installed and started the node does what it does on its own, very well I might add. The trickiest thing for average users would be correct (meaning network helpful) set up, which would include [port forwarding]( if behind a router.
It's perfectly possible to run a full node on a typical home desktop computer, helping the network, with nary a concern. This would include using Armory separately for actual coin security, though, as a typical user's desktop might become virus infected (not due to running the node, but other means), which Armory protects against. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 04:06:14
The funny thing is the fact the author is even referencing Bitcoin in the same article about the currency and economy of a *nation* is a huge win. Bitcoin is 5 years old.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:58:56
Well, let me put it this way. Whereas there may be capital gains on barter trades of property, this shouldn't exist with currency.
As the IRS guidance points out gains are calculated relative to USD, but that's actually wrong on its head, since USD isn't even legal tender.  Per the U.S. Constitution only gold and silver coins can be legal tender. If there are any property trade gains to be made, surely they should be pegged to those. Now if an alternative currency emerges it should be categorized as currency, not property, just so personal transactions are not subject to capital gains. That's my view anyway. The U.S. is supposed to be a land of laws and of free people. Bitcoin should fit in well. How we get there from here I'm not so sure, though. Standard IANAL disclaimer. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 02:25:19
Hang on a second! What about this from that page:
*So to agree on the current ledger, nodes must agree on the previous ledger and the set of transactions that have happened since then.*
How does "agreement" happen? What information is used? That page links to *another* empty page: 
So we've got lack of a walk through, empty pages, and Sukrim going to sleep. Figures.
Edit: so to conclude, Ripple has a *missing* Genesis ledger. Non-specific descriptions (technically) of its process, provided by an apparent developer, an online video, and wiki, and empty pages upon thorough reading/research. Hmm. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:29:11
Related on bitcointalk about gold asteroid mining (from 1 year ago). 
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:29:28
I agree, but that doesn't mean people can't use whatever money they choose. Otherwise we'd all be wasting our time with Bitcoin. People can choose to accept seashells for payment if they want.
@_date: 2014-09-06 05:07:33
lol I don't follow the decisions of the Chinese financial minister. My point isn't focused on any particular country. It's more that with Bitcoin it doesn't matter. Any location, any direction, any amount, for about 5 cents and 10 minutes, your money arrives.
@_date: 2014-12-11 19:22:02
I agree. I wish people wouldn't downvote people giving their honest **opinion**. 
A Ponzi-like cult mentality isn't what will make Bitcoin succeed. It's better to point out possible shortcomings or flaws so they can be improved upon.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:20:39


*This* is what I'm interested in, nothing else. Since I'm not a currency claim investigator full-time could you point me to a section entitled something like "How to Sum and Verify Ripples" or create such a section?
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:49:04
Ask and you shall receive:
@_date: 2014-04-07 07:46:54
I had to look up what "ELI5" meant. I'll give a try.
A key difference between the human race and animal kingdom is our ability to reason, which has led us to come up with the concept of "fairness". Force may be the ultimate law in the universe, but it's not necessarily fair. Simply taking by force isn't fair. This is where money comes in. It allows us to interact with each other in ways that are far more fair than force. That's why money is so important.
Upon understanding the importance of money it's logical to ask what money itself is. Surprisingly few people do ask. Interestingly, almost anything can be money as long as it has a few key properties. They are: being fungible/interchangeable - meaning each of the units has the same appeal or value; being divisible - to buy things of differing value you need to match the correct amount of money; and being scarce - if there is no scarcity there is no stored value since people can acquire it too easily.
As long as something has those characteristics once enough people accept it as money it becomes de facto money, for as long as they use it.
What does this have to do with Bitcoin? There are different qualities of money, as there are different qualities of almost anything. Some things make better money than others. What makes the best money is actually debated in academia, but historically the consensus of humans for thousands of years is gold. Then why isn't gold used everywhere now you might ask. Gold has great monetary properties, but it's not perfect for exchanging. It's heavy and can be awkward to trade in fast ways. Exchanging pieces of paper works much better; and this is how we ended up with the common form of money we use today.
The problem now, though, is paper isn't scarce at all. Anyone that controls the making of the "money" paper would have enormous influence, which could have far reaching affect on lives of most all people; yet that's the system we have today, and it is in fact problematic. Government central banks, like the U.S. Federal Reserve, control the paper money. Bitcoin marks the first time in human history, though, where a form of money can have all the great monetary characteristics of gold - being fungible, divisible, and scarce - while also being as quick and easy to trade with as paper. That's a VERY big deal, because it's not controlled by anyone who might abuse the power of control of money.
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:46:45
When all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail.
I have an idea. Why don't we just give the airlines to the government and let [Schumer determine what price he wants]( We can give Lawsky the banks and let him determine ATM fees and such.
Why should we bother with businesses at all? With crony capitalism successful businesses will end up best mates with regulators, squashing out innovative competitors with regulation anyway. Let's just skip all the BS steps and put government in charge of everything: What we eat, [what we drink]( when we sleep, *everything*. That has got to be a better way to live, right? It should work. /sarcasm
 
@_date: 2014-12-02 16:51:14


I disagree. Generally Series A means venture capital, meaning an investment typically in the millions. A seed round is usually just that, something to get the company seeded, to sort of prove the idea. It's typically known as an angel round or friends and family round, as the investment at this stage is usually in the thousands of dollars, say from 5K to 500K typically. If and when venture capitalists get involved the investment is usually higher  by default as they're specifically in the  business of investing money and have the capital. I'm not a professional investor but have been in/watched the startup space for quite some time.
Edit: to give an example Coinbase first raised seed or angel money from [Y Combinator]( an angel investment group. Once they had traction they raised a Series A from Union Square Ventures of $5M and have since raised [$25M in Series B from Andreessen Horowitz](
@_date: 2014-12-03 18:24:50


Which numbers do you mean? The exchange rate/exchange volumes? Those numbers are collected from the exchanges because that's where they originate. 
It sounds like you're doubting the ability of the market to accurately price BTC, given we don't know if any exchanges operate on fractional reserve. The answer is that fractional reserve is possible and can distort market price, but only for the time depositors allow significant non-zero balances to remain at exchanges without demanding the actual BTC.
This is likely what happened with Mt.Gox. The balances people *thought* they had on deposit with Gox were an illusion, which would have allowed Gox to sell BTC that didn't exist or buy BTC with fiat they couldn't pay out, distorting the price. This wouldn't have lasted for long, though, and of course Mt.Gox did quickly implode as rumor of their insolvency spread and people did less depositing/trading and more demanding.
That's exactly how it should work. If you notice once Mt. Gox was removed from the ecosystem the community simply moved forward, in many ways stronger than ever. Bitcon's total market cap is now at an all time high of around [$5 billion](
@_date: 2014-11-21 19:26:16
You might want to check out [My Dad is Skeptical]( submitted about a week ago. Same issue.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:54:57
That's a good point. 
I guess I'm looking at potential problems with building new models completely dependent on Bitcoin's blockchain (then models based on *those* models). Any storage service (or meta-coin, meta-stock exchange etc.) based on Bitcoin's blockchain can't write new data before it exists, meaning they are ongoing. That means disruption in Bitcoin can disrupt optimistic new technologies, if they haven't factored disruption in.
It takes awhile for blocks to be finalized, and even then finality can be questionable due to things like selfish-mining (not yet fixed) or an unlikely break in the hashing algorithm, things that can rewrite history.
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:44:19
I like the enthusiastic effort, but I don't think it will do much good.
I think a big reason GHash does so well is they offer powerful mining ability without investing in and worrying about the technical hardware. As long as there is a virtual mining gold rush for Bitcoin people that make mining simple and profitable will do well. We've seen miners put forth the effort to join other pools, yet after a few weeks GHash regains superior numbers. Why? Bitcoin continues to grow. There are ever fresh numbers of people entering and learning to use various parts of the ecosystem. This naturally means moving away from hard core tech enthusiasts, meaning something like buying GHashes on [CEX.io]( from GHash wins by default.
What's needed is somebody who is not GHash to offer what GHash does.
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:35:54
Again, you seem to not understand how it works. If you did that and somebody lost it (say your parents) you could still recover the coins by using your own key with the one at your in-laws. 
The only danger would be if two people lost keys at the same time. If you're worried about that then make a 2-of-4. It's the exact same thing as 2-of-3 except with another possible key, which you can store somewhere else, say a bank safety deposit box, or an online service. Now 2 keys can get lost and you can *still* move coins. There are tons of possibilities for security!
@_date: 2014-04-28 09:21:07
Great question. Both Bitcoin-Qt (now known as Bitcoin Core) and Bitcoin mining software are called "full nodes". This means they keep a full copy of the blockchain as well as updates to it, and relay valid new transactions about it. When you run either you participate in the core Bitcoin network in a direct peer-to-peer way offering helpful information and robustness to it.
The key difference for mining software is it works to solve blocks, finding the solution to a cryptographic puzzle which allows the creation of new blocks on the blockchain, and determines the order of transactions. Winners of newly solved blocks receive the current block reward of new bitcoins. Doing the computational work to solve blocks tends to make computers run hotter and use significant electricity.
@_date: 2014-11-05 18:20:33


That's right.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:35:10


The bash source code has been around for years and we only found the shellshock bug recently.
I didn't read up on the shellshock bug, but the heartbleed bug wasn't present in earlier releases. Remember that Ed Snowden revealed the NSA goes to great lengths to have access to computing devices when they want it, and is proactive in technical/development communities with recommendations which may be amenable to their aims. Perhaps a weakness of open source software is anyone, with any intention, can potentially influence the code. It's not inconceivable these bugs, to be so major, were intentional.
If people know to look for bugs, such as on a highly scrutinized system of finance (like Bitcoin), they will probably be found in short order. In fact, there was a bug in Bitcoin's early history Satoshi was not aware of, and was found as the system gained attention.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:33:10


And haircuts... but you shouldn't think of it as theft. The government knows how to spend your money better than you do.
@_date: 2014-05-18 15:03:37
In other words, it's beginning to show characteristics of a stable currency. (not that I believe this is the end of the "ride")
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:55:38
Thank *goodness* the government is there to protect us from ourselves, and those who might exploit non-burdensome regulatory environments with complex, forward-thinking financial ~~crimes~~ instruments, money laundering and [terrorist financing]( where nobody goes to jail! oh, wait....
@_date: 2014-12-21 23:59:32
When Gavin first made that scalability post he was introducing it to the community (it was listed here on reddit, and I think bitcointalk too) as an update to what his plans were. Up to that point things were still in the air (we'd all had exhausting debates as far back as 2012 if I recall, anyway the price was still below $20).
Some more debate ensued on his latest plans/thinking and a number of us agreed it was the best way forward, also noting that no way forward will please everybody, and at least this gives us a way forward capable of gaining consensus.
@_date: 2014-10-31 17:29:52


Only $20 billion? Pssh... We should give govt. credit cards to all policing agencies. Heck it all adds to our consumer spending for the economy, since *real* consumers are whining about being in debt with wage stagnation. Pssh... now the US govt. knows about indebted spending! It has spent almost as much on military spending as the [rest of the world combined]( but hey, we're still probably not safe enough. More CARDS please!!! &lt;/ sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:53:12
I don't entirely disagree with you.
For example, even if it were possible to vote from home online in elections  (which I believe can be made possible especially in light of crypto-related technology) we still probably wouldn't get 100%.
What I'm saying is there will always be a number of people who realize how important participation in democratic processes is. The harder it is for them to participate, though, the smaller the die hard active contingent will be. The easier, the larger the likely contingent. 
I also believe off-chain transactions will drastically ease block chain size pressure in the longer term.
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:27:27
Keep in mind hardware capability vs costs increases over time. See this for example:
Average historic cost of 1 GB of RAM: 
2013 - $5.50
1980 - $6,328,125
@_date: 2014-05-01 15:25:10
No HDD life-span is guaranteed. Even brand new HDDs can fail immediately. However, drives are naturally designed for very many r/w operations. Simply browsing the Internet requires multiple drive r/w operations too (storing cookies etc.). Do you recommend people limit their Internet use to try extending their drive life? Of course that makes no sense. You use hardware for what it's designed for, which is computing use. If/when your drive fails, for whatever reason, you replace it. It's unlikely this reality would change much because you chose to also run a full node.
@_date: 2014-09-06 04:20:49
Try it the opposite direction ... and for kicks try a million or two, then let me know how you fare ;)
@_date: 2014-08-28 20:11:04
Excellent. This looks good so far, very good. Only two more things:
1. I believe all pertinent information in a ledger, eg all balances, get hashed and that hash can be later checked, correct?
2. Where can I find good info, other than the video, on the voting process and closing of a ledger.
Last, if I have other questions may I message you on Bitcointalk? Things look good so far. Thank you for your help.
@_date: 2014-08-28 02:12:10
I watched the video. Here is a quote from it:
*A server knows that network has consensus when 80% of the votes for every transaction in a proposal are either yes or no.*
Question: what criteria, specifically, is used to determine whether to apply a yes or no vote to a transaction? For example, I could provide this for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:17:23


There is no "second key". A 2 of 3 multi-signature transaction means *any* 2 keys can authorize the transaction, but not any one alone. 
For example, say there is a 2 of 3 transaction referencing keys A,B,C. That means either AB or CA or BC can authorize the transaction. So if a company holds key C which becomes compromised or lost. There is no way to move funds with C alone, and nothing happens. In this situation the user could use her backup key (say B) along with A to move the coins. In normal operation the user would sign transactions with AC (their own plus one at the company). I hope that makes sense.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:45:06
I advise you not to think that way. By default you should imagine NO online service is safe to store your coins with long term, unless they have some insurance/replacement model in place. Otherwise, you're gambling with their situation. 
Services can lose coins a variety of ways, not just hacking. Due to regulatory friction with Bitcoin a service may have servers/cash seized as happened to MtGox. Due to the electronic nature of Bitcoin a service may accidentally lose coins permanently through technical error, as also happened to MtGox. A service may also lose coins to internal theft. Notice not all these avenues are dependent on how honest or competent owners are, yet money can still be lost.
Learn to store the majority of your coins safely yourself. At the very least spread coins out among various reputable services so the likelihood of losing everything is low.
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:22:16
 I'm not a lawyer but this seems right to me. Specifically, this is how PurePlay Poker operates legally in the U.S. They offer "Play Money Chips" which I think can be redeemed for prizes. It's not possible to win "real money" there.
The fact that some people valued their play money would be coincidental.
@_date: 2014-08-20 20:44:15


That's the sad thing. There are so many dollars in existence this would be impossible, unless you could mint coins on an atomic scale - and even then it might be impossible - there simply isn't that much gold. When Nixon completely removed any dollar link to gold in 1971, it was supposed to be temporary. So much for that...
@_date: 2014-10-31 20:23:46


The great thing about Bitcoin is it's global. There are no easy-to-use completely anonymous exchanges operating in the US that I know about. However, you can set up a trading account on BTC-e.com (based in Bulgaria I think) with only an email address. Actually there is CampBX.com operating in the US, but I'm not sure if they ask for documentation now. I know they do for higher account limits, but they used to only require email for an account. Same thing probably with Cryptsy.com.
For cashing out some people [buy gold/silver]( with bitcoins which can of course then be sold at a coin shop.
@_date: 2014-04-14 08:03:43
Great question. In fact JP Morgan Chase filed a patent on a so-called Bitcoin killer: 
Their patent was [rejected]( 175 times as it clearly talked about things Bitcoin or others had done.
The truth is if another currency offers something better than Bitcoin people will probably use it. However, it's going to be hard for anything to do that because Bitcoin doesn't answer to any authority (i.e. govts). That means at a fundamental level Bitcoin isn't protecting any entrenched interests, like crony capitalism, govt taxation etc. and can accordingly offer the *freest* experience. People are free to use Bitcoin (their money) as they wish, which is a powerful thing. Whether they are unbanked as in Africa, underbanked as in much of the world, or in a communist regime like China with capital controls Bitcoin doesn't care who you are or what you're trying to do with it as money. If you have as little as a dumb phone with SMS you can transact *globally*, no ID, application or high fees required.
Since Bitcoin is the currency which is most free many people and businesses, like Overstock.com, will naturally gravitate to the marketplace it creates, giving the currency more value and momentum. As others have noted Bitcoin is decentralized allowing it to offer all this without asking anyone's permission. Bitcoin itself answers only to the people that use it, so it can be thought of as the peoples' currency, or empowering people. That's a big advantage hard for banks to compete with because they have their own interests to consider (not always in the best interest of ordinary people). 
@_date: 2014-09-24 15:43:56
I'd say the most important thing you can do is educate yourself with accurate info about Bitcoin, then correct misinformation as you find it (maybe even start a YouTube show).
The Bitcoin community is already expanding, and will continue to. However, as we take on larger numbers of people we will inevitably lose signal and increase *noise*. Right now we deal with that fairly well as we have a well-informed, highly intelligent base - which gravitated to Bitcoin naturally as early adopters - and good communication channels like this sub-reddit and bitcointalk.org. IMO the best thing individuals can do to promote expediency in Bitcoin adoption is head off mistakes and misinformation, which wouldn't kill Bitcoin, but could delay success. It takes well-informed people to do that.
@_date: 2014-07-21 02:22:54
Everyone seems to dismiss his idea with a hand wave, but I don't think he's too far off.
At one time merchants offered their own redeemable currency, resulting in many currencies. The problem I see with Rand's idea is two-fold. First is counterparty risk. Anytime you're trading something which itself doesn't hold the value there is risk of default upon redemption of the valuable item. Bitcoin can't be shut down because there are no companies to raid or pressure out of business. Bitcoin itself is valuable. Second, a currency becomes more useful and valuable the more widely it's accepted. A few mega-retailers accepting is one thing, but it's entirely another when millions of entities of different sizes accept it for various goods/services.
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:57:38


That makes no sense to me. How is the supply cap on Ripples enforced?
@_date: 2014-11-12 23:04:26


There are whole articles and economists in disagreement with deflation being beneficial, and inflation being undesirable. That doesn't mean I think they're right. I continue to believe they are wrong.


That's why I didn't only do that... I also followed it with an explanation of why I think it's wrong.


It's not important enough to me, especially given it may simply be changed back.
@_date: 2014-11-20 18:06:06
I agree with the sentiment here but not the ratio of currency units to toilet paper.
When 1 bitcoin *was* worth 1 toilet paper (about $.75) it was used by say at most 100K people. One bitcoin is now used by say 10 times more people (approx. 1M) but is worth 400 times more toilet paper rolls (480 rolls to be more precise - 360.00 / $.75).
In the event 10M dollars is worth one roll of toilet paper, while dollars remain the most used currency in the world, as its reserve currency for 7B people, then it's reasonable to expect less usage of dollars with more usage of bitcoins. So 1 bitcoin, with adoption increased from 1M people to X times more should produce correspondingly more purchasing power per roll of toilet paper, and there is a long way to go from 1M to 1B (1,000x), not to mention 7B.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:15:47


This appears to be a smokescreen answer. You didn't answer my question: if tracking since ledger 32570 is all anyone needs, why not call it ledger 0 and cancel everything before it? I haven't had time to research Ripple's model. You, an apparent Ripple expert, should be able to answer this. If not, then Ripple should. Either way, with Bitcoin any technical questions can be readily, clearly answered. No smokescreen excuses, lost ledgers or obfuscations.
@_date: 2014-09-03 02:17:15
I don't know what to tell you. It sounds like you have a version of what you'd expect the developers to be like, and if they don't fit that some way then it's a problem. I tried explaining what may have happened with the statements you're talking about, but that's a stretch given I don't know of them. Perhaps you might ask those directly to clarify?
As for Bitcoin and government cooperation I'd agree that for it to become largely used it would need government acceptance. Contrary to what you might think *most* people have zero interest in running afoul the law, even when unjust, and if being largely successful means only being used illegally, underground then that's a different definition than some (like me) have. Now what I do believe is government might need be *forced* into acceptance via public pressure, but ultimately that acceptance must be there.
@_date: 2014-07-06 13:22:16


Sure. Gavin Andresen states (correctly): In Bitcoin there is incredibly strong incentive for there to be consensus about the block chain. Everybody wants there to be one version of reality. 
He made that comment in response to the accidental hard fork which happened I believe in Mar '13. A hard fork happens when a significant portion of miners are mining (validating) blocks which will *not* be valid when viewed by another significant portion of miners. This means that, depending on what your wallet software does, you could have coins valid on more than one "Bitcoin" network (different block chains).
That might sound neat, but it's not. A hard fork from a technical glitch is one thing. It gets resolved by resolving the glitch, but imagine a hard fork from a community argument. Say one half of the community wanted to change Bitcoin to Scrypt, while the other wanted to remain on SHA256. Regardless the arguments about it if prominent developers and business leaders (like BitPay) equally disagreed, meaning big parts of the community would follow them, there could be a hard fork and two "Bitcoins", meaning the pre-fork Bitcoin price would drop a lot, probably at least in half, but possibly a lot more if faith in the project's ability to keep consensus was shaken. Since the entire project depends on confidence in stored value, the floor price in a hard fork scenario is a concern.
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:35:44
Let's be even clearer. Bitcoins are nothing other than information, 1s and 0s, just like email. Anytime you have an email service in the "cloud" meaning it's hosted online you can typically access your info from anywhere in the world, anytime, and without asking permission. 
Bitcoin isn't much different. So I believe DavethaHeel is right. Bitcoin makes this a non-issue, I guess unless you think accessing email type information without telling the govt should be illegal...
@_date: 2014-11-10 18:12:27
Yeah, I think we win online because we can control the experience better and credit/debit cards were never designed for the Internet. 
It's the in-person transactions that are a bit awkward.
@_date: 2014-12-16 18:47:45
I don't know of any tutorials, but all this stuff will become simpler as time goes on. It's just how technology works.
[Coinbase's multisig]( looks okay but I can't tell if you can limit their access to zero ability to move coins, as is clearly shown at Coinkite.
My own opinion is both companies (Coinbase, Coinkite) are fantastic and likely trustworthy, but at the end of the day you can only trust yourself 100%, not advice, not reputation. So I'd say weigh how many coins you're storing against simplicity and convenience versus detailed control which may be harder to figure out (for now) but leaves less to chance with trust. Coinkite's interface looks pretty user friendly to me, actually.
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:55:13


Source? Says who?
Edit: and why should any regulatory pressure from government be needed for change? From the article: The Fed (along with one additional private consortium)  is the physical operator of ACH (which is actually just a network of servers), **but its rules are governed by NACHA, a banking industry group.** From Wikipedia: NACHA (previously the National Automated Clearing House Association) manages the development, administration, and governance of the ACH Network ... It is funded by the financial institutions it governs.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:42:09
I don't think it's only that. My comments [here]( and [here]( are relevant.
tl;dr: presentation, merged mining, complexity &amp; overhead
solution: more pools need to take a cue from GHash.io, offer merged mining, and package their presentation better.
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:43:47


You mean *we're* getting it organized now. Bitcoin belongs to, and is improved by all of us. If something is amiss bring it up or if you can fix it yourself. 
@_date: 2014-09-24 20:24:33
This adds an interesting dynamic to scaling, possibly shifting focus from bandwidth to memory which is of less concern.
@_date: 2014-11-05 18:14:06


Right now the market cap of Bitcoin (price multiplied by number of coins in circulation) is [about $4.5 billion](
Here is the info Google provides for search "Buffet net worth":
**$63.3 billion**
*Buffett's net worth of $63.3 billion is greater than the combined 2013 GDP of Ghana and Cambodia. Ghana's 2013 GDP was estimated to be $47,928,717,949. Cambodia's 2013 GDP was estimated to be $15,249,684,397. Warren Buffett's wealth currently makes him the world's third-richest man.*
Not all bitcoins are in circulation yet. Ones that are continue to be sold daily. There is still plenty of opportunity for anyone anywhere in the world to own about any amount they feel they want. It's all fairly driven by a free market. Any other questions?
@_date: 2014-11-12 19:32:49


The people who bought under $10 would disagree...
@_date: 2014-12-14 18:41:06
I had a rebuttal to Peter Schiff but he puts the age point across in a more eloquent and entertaining manner :)
He's right of course about the whole "hold it, feel it" point. For a lot of the younger generation the line between reality and virtual reality becomes more blurry. We've been moving toward a gamer perspective since Asteroids came out, and today games are more immersive and interactive than ever. So while I understand the tangible property argument, older people need to realize that becomes less important to younger generations, and eventually the youth inherit the world.
@_date: 2014-11-03 00:36:11
Yeah, I think it's because we've mostly had inflation all our lives. It's like being born under gravity. Then somebody says well, no, gravity is optional, you can fly if you want... and people are like wow, really? Let's do it! 
Then you have the people casting deflation as bad, saying people won't consume knowing they can wait to get things cheaper. Peter Schiff destroyed that argument recently explaining that, no, people want things when they want them... noting Chinese people were paying as high as $3,000 for blackmarket iPhone 6's when they could wait a few months and get them **90%** cheaper. lol
@_date: 2014-08-20 22:08:08
Amending the Constitution is constitutional. I don't have a problem with that. 
However, there has never been an amendment cancelling the requirement states make only gold and silver coin legal tender. Why not? Could it be it would put the issue, the government restraining power of gold, in the spotlight? That people would have to *vote* to have their purchasing power eroded automatically?
@_date: 2014-10-05 18:53:43
Correct. The author is so close to a fantastic article. He gives an excellent analogy using priceline.com for those who predict Bitcoin's demise, but then messes up on that last bit about mining.
And yes we all know Krugman is wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:34:10
You are 100% correct. In particular with this:
*The blockchain is whoever uses and supports it.*
Power in Bitcoin is *not* centralized. Here we will probably see this put to the test. The core developers have taken a position, which is limit the extra data field size in consideration of core Bitcoin functionality. They have released software to carry out their position (version 0.9.0). If people agree to that position, those rules, they will vote by using it. If people disagree they can use something else put forward (or nothing).
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:10:35
You could also say: X data is pornographic data - it's adding functionality to the Bitcoin blockchain.
That's not what Bitcoin was designed for, even if true. I'm not against innovating on top of Bitcoin, but don't imagine doing it at the possible expense of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:20:06


It can't be that, because not all banks do the same questions.
I remember opening my first bank account as a teen to cash checks from my first job, and how empowering that felt (no questions at all then if I recall). What does Chase do for today's teens? Do they not expect them to have first-time jobs?
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:01:09


Coinbase is a great option and I especially like their new [vault options]( 
However, the best wallet to use depends on the use case. For example, to use Coinbase you generally provide all your real identification, which may not be the best thing if you plan on doing legally questionable things like gambling or buying illicit items.
There are many ways to use Bitcoin and no single way is best for everybody. That being said I think Coinbase is a great, easy way to start for most ordinary people.
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:27:12


There are a few points. First, the block size limit only affects transactions which occur on the main bitcoin network. It's possible to conduct off-chain transactions, similar to the way banks and credit card companies currently transfer digital value around, without any block chains. Off-chain transactions already occur.
Next, there are other technologies in the works like side chains which may support a large number of transactions without regard for bitcoin's block size.
Even without the above considerations Gavin's Scalability Roadmap shows how Bitcoin can scale to support transactions for the entire world over the next 20 years. The first block size increase is 20x (1MB to 20MB) which then doubles every 2 years, which is exponential growth, similar to what we might expect for bitcoin adoption.
A number of transactions may also happen (as they currently do) on the block chains of alt-coins. Since cryptocurrency is entirely digital switching between various coins can be quick and painless. By combining options together Bitcoin transactions may scale to far more than what the current block size limit is.
@_date: 2014-09-02 23:20:38
Robustness and diversity. Gavin explains it well here:
Edit: imagine if everyone ran Internet Explorer, and that's all there was... Yikes. I'm definitely not saying Core is like IE, just illustrating the problems which can arise from only one version available, one choice, one point for failure, attack, and bugs, etc.
@_date: 2014-08-23 22:27:59
You left off a bunch. First, with the boom in technology there has been a "brain drain" where high tech companies like Google, Yahoo etc compete to hire the best and brightest from a fairly small pool. Bitcoin is a global phenomenon where *thousands* of entrepreneurs are diving in and in some cases, [like Mike Hearn]( dropping prior projects to work on Bitcoin.
Second the problem solving and value-add the companies listed provide the world is not bad, but simply not in the same league with Bitcoin (remittances is a [half-trillion dollar industry]( alone).
@_date: 2014-07-06 15:39:27
I think the problem is Bitcoin gets all the press. However, as long as Litecoin doesn't die completely it can rebound as more people find out about it. Right now the market is looking at how likely Bitcoin's price will double from about $600 to $1200. With all the good news happening that could be possible. How much potential is there for Litecoin's price to double? Right now the market apparently thinks there is less chance of it happening than Bitcoin. However, the lower Litecon's price goes, the easier it is for it to double, creating a floor.
@_date: 2014-06-27 15:02:13
It's also yet another reason it's a good idea to have more than only one blockchain in the world on which every single thing depends, sink or swim. Besides, transactions can originate completely anonymously. So long as there is sufficient coin mixing and obfuscation of parties I don't see much of a problem.
@_date: 2014-12-14 19:48:36
Yes, the hoarding law was applicable only to the US (though I'm sure they wish it could have applied to the world). 
However, declaring bitcoin illegal wouldn't stop it, only drive it underground in the jurisdiction declaring it illegal. Bitcoin is global, so countries that embraced it would make any ones declaring it illegal look tyrannical. It's one thing to wage war on drugs, since it can be argued they are bad for you, but money? That's a harder sell.
@_date: 2014-07-22 20:32:33
I didn't say no regulation. I said burdensome regulation. Bitcoin is meant as an *alternative* to the dollar financial system, which by the way, while heavily regulated still produced things like Bernie Maddoff's $18 billion ponzi scam, Enron, the financial crisis etc. Unwise regulations don't protect consumers; they protect entrenched players who can pay to play from free market competition.
@_date: 2014-12-21 19:11:06
There is only one Constitution.
Every entity can't step on the feet of every other entity.
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:28:46
You beat me to it :)  
Nicely said. I would push back a little on allocation of consumption across time, though. That may be true for some items, say, getting your hair cut, but not all. I'd argue items fall into different categories whereby people often want to consume some things with such immediacy and disregard for future savings they are willing to go into debt *plus interest* for them. We see this all the time with credit cards.
So a deflationary, purchase power increasing currency can certainly encourage consumption, since not only do people often buy with disregard for future "deals" but cheaper items generally mean people can consume more due to increased purchase power, and also more money allocated toward spending instead of interest.
I don't understand your last sentence.
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:41:36
I think you don't understand how multi-sig transactions work. 
They work like regular transactions, but require multiple private key signatures for authorization. All A B and C are private keys. However, to move coins in a 2 of 3 multi-sig transaction it takes *at least* two signatures from that set of 3 possible private keys.
That means if you lose A, but still have B (your backup) then you can still move the coins by partnering with the company to provide C (BC). If the company loses C then you can still move your coins by yourself by using A and B (AB). The only way you're stuck is if you lose both A *and* B (your backup) at the same time.
That's why you keep your backup safely stored offline somewhere. In the meantime if your computer gets a virus which exposes A to an attacker nothing happens, because they don't have access to C (or B). If a dishonest employee at the company finds C nothing can happen either, without your authorization from A (or B).
It always takes two, and the authorization is spread in different places.
@_date: 2014-11-26 21:34:02


Where does it say that?
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:59:24


It makes lots of sense if you're not so naive as to believe governments can't become corrupt.
What you may not get about America is it's the only country designed to try allowing its citizens to have the power usually held by kings or dictators. In order for citizens to remain powerful they *must* be able to keep their government in check, should it become too tyrannical/abusive. That's *specifically stated* in our Declaration of Independence. To get an idea what I mean watch the following 2 min video. (warning: it's graphic) 
When government fears the people there is freedom. When people fear the government there is tyranny.
@_date: 2014-12-29 15:42:42


I may be mistaken, but I don't think that's right. It's true coins on bitcoin are linked to coins on sidechains, but the relationship doesn't need to be 1:1. For example, I might trade 1 bitcoin for 20 sidecoins. Once that trade happens my 1 bitcoin is no longer available on Bitcoin's blockchain. I can use my 20 sidecoins on the side chain, though.  If the sidecoin blockchain fails I can trade my (now worthless) 20 sidecoins for 1 bitcoin, again unlocking it on Bitcoin's blockchain, and removing 20 sidecoins from the side chain.
Note that 1 bitcoin can retain an independent value from the 20 sidecoins, meaning it's safe to experiment with sidecoins without really affecting Bitcoin.


Yes, I think that part is right.
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:42:14
Good point. I love this kind of stuff :)
Remember, though, that when you speak of "price" you're referring to some other currency to which the original currency is pegged. Right now, for the most part, because of inertia and dominance our community pegs bitcoins to dollars. That doesn't need to be the case, though. It will always cost 1 bitcoin to buy 20 sidecoins chain-to-chain, but that can vary currency to currency (like using btc/gold -&gt; sidecoins for example).
Ultimately it depends upon the supply/demand tug-of-war for the currencies in question, and difficulty in conversion of one to another. I agree the correlation should be close, but I do think there can also be variance. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 15:45:06
I agree with you running a full node is often harder than other options (e.g. blockchain.info, electrum etc.).
I'm speaking more philosophically. For example, you could say typically people won't bother going out of their way to vote. That's correct. Voter turnout in America is often around just 50%. However, those that do put in the effort to be part of the process strengthen the system. For example, if voter participation dropped to 5% then what kind of democracy would that be?
The easier it's made for people to vote, in real politics or with Bitcoin (by using software), the better IMO and likely higher participation you'll see.
@_date: 2014-12-21 18:12:25


At what level? Are you saying the federal government can authorize **state** courts to accept as legal tender something which isn't gold or silver coins?
@_date: 2014-08-12 00:30:57


My apologies. I didn't mean you as in *you* but the general audience version. You'll have to excuse me. Many of my posts can have a political bent ;)


Agreed. However, in some weird sense I almost view fiat money as government property; I mean they work so hard to protect it. So while I might disagree with the tight leash they keep on it (or debasement of it) I view it as part of their overall system. However, something like natural commodity money (gold/silver) or now math based currency like Bitcoin, what gives them any business? (again, this isn't questioning *you* specifically)
@_date: 2014-07-22 22:17:00
I think you're looking at things the wrong way.
Technically speaking consumers should be protected from the *dollar*. It's protecting the dollar that's responsible for aggressive wars like Iraq, and the dollar that robs people, especially those on fixed income like seniors, of purchasing power. It's the dollar that enables an over-reaching unconstitutional bloated federal government. This is why the Constitution (still!) mandates only gold and silver coin can be made legal tender by the states.
Bitcoin *already* competes with and runs alongside the dollar, and does so with more effectiveness than gold (which due to capital gain laws is ironically not exactly legal to use as currency). It's just a matter of more people figuring out which system(s) they should support.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:16:20
You might like to read why I think you'll be okay after 1 year, and possibly quite profitable:
@_date: 2014-08-07 21:16:23
This guy is supposed to be knowledgeable about currencies? And fair and balanced?






Bull Crap.
Where was the consent of the users when President Nixon **abandoned the gold standard** in 1971? Who consented to Executive Order 6102 by President Roosevelt which **criminalized** the possession of monetary gold in 1933? This is exactly the difference and key point for Bitcoin. You actually do need the consent of the users to change it.
@_date: 2014-07-03 18:20:44
I never said the bitcoin network doesn't need bitcoin... My problem is with how Jeremy Allair describes what's required for usage. It's not a huge and glaringly obvious error. It takes fine distinction to catch it, which is kind of my original point.
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:11:53


He may be an economist but he seems to know nothing about money. Central banks haven't adjusted the supply of gold for the thousands of years humans have used it as money.
@_date: 2014-08-26 02:10:44


Are not all people salesmen? When you try to get a date are you not selling? When you apply for a job are you not selling? If someone says something in apparent honesty, and gives supporting facts for research, and upon that research one could conclude the person was being accurate, should the simple fact it was communicated a certain way - like in a sales message - cause you to not take it seriously, especially when it has never been entirely in a sales message?
As for his personal business and aspects, they are just those, personal. Why should you be concerned with that as impacting the message he or anyone imparts? Maybe he has quite noble plans and goals for any money he earns (eg Bill Gates' impact on charity), but why does he have to explain himself to you? Running a business, producing a show etc. isn't free either. There are always costs and the risk things will fail.
@_date: 2014-08-20 22:38:49


This has always been what I've argued the true value of an alt-coin, at least one (like Litecoin), gives our community.
For "Bitcoin" as we know it (the blockchain Satoshi started) to have value there must be a good measure of widespread consensus. If it's more akin to trying to herd a group of angry cats there cannot be sustained confidence in value IMO (what should everyone use?). There *is* a check on Gavin as Peter himself notes [here](
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:47:07
I know but things didn't really start going until 2010. Hardly anybody knew anything about Bitcoin in 2009.
I remember bitcoin at pennies when I first heard of them on Hacker News and later at $.50 on Mt.Gox. I'm definitely in the early adopter camp and didn't get involved until late 2010.
@_date: 2014-07-24 22:11:57


Let me remind you of the original quote you replied to:


What is the specific dispute? What exactly is the "premise of the entire discussion" which you say I ignored?
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:03:47
Yes, I think that's right, on average :)
@_date: 2014-11-10 16:38:48
There was a post here a while back claiming a guy had to pay twice for a meal when paying with bitcoin. 
A restaurant accepted bitcoin so the guy ate about $50 worth of food and the cashier told him to scan the QR code printed on the front of the register and pay. The guy did so but the payment didn't go through. It was found somebody stuck a different QR code to the register. After arguing about whose fault it was I think he ended up paying a negotiated half price.
@_date: 2014-06-16 03:00:24
It's a clever idea, but I don't think is the way to go. SPV usage is probably best left to lightweight, unsubstantial network tasks.
Using GetBlockTemplate and running a full node is healthier, so efforts may be better spent trying to increase GBT adoption. Bundling an SPV client into miners seems analogous to a parent covering their kid's vegetables in sugar to get them to eat them. It might be somewhat effective, but really isn't the best solution.
@_date: 2014-09-26 16:15:11


Who defines truth? 
Only the people with guns apparently.
I guess the U.S. Constitution only applies some times and other times not, as well. The U.S. Constitution says the states can only make gold and silver coins legal tender, yet that's not what we have today. Transacting gold and silver coins within states is *not*
 treated as monetary, but instead as property for taxes (capital gains). At the same time we use paper without the slightest connection to gold or silver as legal tender. I suppose you think that makes perfect sense too, since that's how it is.
@_date: 2014-09-09 18:53:31


I'd note Bitpay's open source multi-signature wallet Copay uses this.
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:46:43


You realize you just described the U.S. Constitution don't you? That's the way it's supposed to work. 
The federal government is supposed to be very small, with limited powers - only those outlined in the Constitution. The rest of the powers are reserved to the states or the people (10th Amendment). The power in governance over people is supposed to be shopped out to the states then further localized to  counties and cities. This is also why people have the right to keep and bear arms - it doesn't get more local than the individual.
There will always be power and wealth in an organized society (as opposed to jungle/animal kingdom rule), but traditionally these have concentrated at the top with monarchs and dictators. America was the first real world attempt at structuring society where the wealth and power sprung from the bottom up instead, resting with the people. We've lost that over time, as wealth and power have again concentrated at the top, and the [mechanism of this]( unknown to many, is an inflationary currency (which is why the Constitution forbids it, i.e., gold/silver coins).
@_date: 2014-07-19 22:31:44
It was SXSW. Here is the link 
I recommend anyone who hasn't seen it watch it.
@_date: 2014-10-06 20:54:15
I tend to agree with your thoughts, theymos, except I think an automated algorithm for increase would play out better, whatever it is. That's because machines can be more reliable, predictable and efficient than a bunch of humans. The more people under Bitcoin's tent the more difficult to pull off consensus. I'd rather the solution was baked into the software.
@_date: 2014-07-06 12:17:59
Your reply illustrates the usefulness of an alt-coin. Not everyone will always agree; there is a lot to potentially disagree about, yet a hard fork could be disastrous.
@_date: 2014-08-25 17:59:38
I think you missed my point. This isn't about lobbying. The US, which supposedly leads the world in innovation, is lagging on transfer times. Why? Apparently a proposal for converting ACH to same-day settlement was rejected. As the article points out:
*But Wack says there were signs that the proposal was torpedoed by large banks looking to protect fees from wire transfers.*
@_date: 2014-09-27 01:24:25
I mean *before* the bubble burst, not after. Check out this video:
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:37:10
The IRS  [issued guidance]( saying Bitcoins are PROPERTY not currency. You said yourself: the FBAR requirement applies if you have more than **$10,000** in foreign accounts at any given time during the year.
Holding claims on **property** in foreign accounts would seem to not qualify for filing, correct? In other words, if you never exchanged your Bitcoins for cash there should be no filing necessary, right?
@_date: 2014-08-21 02:21:54
The individual act was a fault of Nixon, since he was the one that did it.
As for who is at fault for not enforcing gold coin (or at least a gold standard) remain legal tender as the Constitution mandates, that's the fault of all Americans. Unfortunately, it's a collective fault, stretching back in time before many people today were even born. It was Roosevelt in 1933 that [ordered gold confiscation]( and the Federal Reserve Act [in 1913]( before that which started our slippery slide away from honest, constitutional, natural money. Nixon simply finished it off in 1971.
@_date: 2014-10-26 23:21:56


We can't use any money we choose???
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:52:05
Sorry to hear that. However, you're obviously able to express yourself on the Internet, and that alone can be helpful. I was only pointing out we're all in this together - as Bitcoin belongs to all of us - when it comes to any shortfalls, finger-pointing or blame ;)
@_date: 2014-08-24 23:07:50


If you're in business 365 days a year and you exchange a currency (or many of them) into something stable, like gold, each day the money you lose on the one day a currency might fail is probably not significant.
@_date: 2014-09-15 01:18:28
Do me a favor and watch this 14 second video from a current House of Rep. congressman. 
It's short so I'll transcribe it: "**We don't read most of the bills**. Do you really know what that would entail if we were to read every bill that we passed?"
Take a look at the link I posted above regarding [no time to read the Patriot Act]( What can happen is members will deliberate/discuss a piece of legislation, but if you're someone well connected with certain interests, all you'd need to do is wait for an inopportune time for discussion to change legislation to a version you want, then get a hurried vote. 
The Affordable Care Act is [about 10K pages]( Do you really think a majority (even a decent minority) of Congress read through the final version passed? That was certainly a significant piece of legislation, modifying around a third of the economy.
@_date: 2014-09-23 00:23:20


You keep saying we want "a light touch" or "the lightest touch possible". I hope you don't consider [your proposal]( a light touch, as I'd hate to see a heavy hand. 
If you want to know what I consider a light touch have a look at how [Texas is handling virtual currencies]( or even better note South Carolina and Montana which require *no* money transmission license.
You also mention concern over loose regulations allowing drug dealing and money laundering. Would you care to comment then on HSBC bank which [**helped terrorists, Iran, drug cartels launder billions**]( where nobody went to jail? 
Or maybe talk about how [Bernie Madoff perpetuated fraud]( estimated at over **60 billion** in the currently heavily regulated financial environment?
Bitcoin is *tiny* now with about a 5 billion total market cap, yet is drawing all this scrutiny and concern. 
Don't even get me started on the financial crisis and bank bailouts into the trillions and all the fraud involved there, where, again, nobody seemed to go to jail. The floor is yours :)
@_date: 2014-11-17 18:18:40


More reading for anyone interested:
[Exploiting Entanglement: Quantum Teleportation](
"..What is extraordinary about this phenomenon is that Alice and Bob have managed to use their shared entangled state as a quantum communication channel to destroy the state u&gt; of a photon in Alice's part of the universe and recreate it in Bob's part of the universe. Since the state of a photon requires specifying a direction in space (essentially the value of an angle that can vary continuously), without a shared entangled state *Alice would have to convey an infinite amount of classical information to Bob for Bob to be able to reconstruct the state u&gt; precisely*."
@_date: 2014-12-11 20:32:30
Actually the first version you describe (put card on check, then sign) seems more convenient. 
For example, people often go on with their dinner conversation while paying for meals that way. OTOH scanning a QR code, if you're savvy enough to even do it, commands more attention, and that's before sending the payment.
The main benefit for now is less worry of being over/later charged as exists now with credit cards, but this is not yet very convenient for avg users.
@_date: 2014-06-22 19:02:33


Not very? Have you ever had an *American* say "I don't support the Constitution" or "I don't believe in freedom"? Money is 1/2 of every transaction. It transcends everybody. Truthfully, economic freedom may be the most important freedom there is, short of physical. Who can function in a civilized society for long without money? Article I Section 10 of the U.S. Constitution: *No state shall make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;* Pretty clear.
@_date: 2014-07-04 22:34:43
The A2 Terminator Scrypt ASIC comes with 40 chips at a cost of $200 per chip. So an $8K Scrypt ASIC provides an 80X improvement over GPUs.
Meanwhile, this [SHA256 ASIC]( is 200 GH/s. So you can buy 5 of them at a cost of $4K and have 1,000 GH/s for a **1,000X** improvement over GPUs.


The point of Scrypt is to be computationally expensive in either direction (cpu or memory) for trying to optimize for brute force. That's what makes it a more *ASIC resistant* algorithm than SHA256.
@_date: 2014-12-03 21:37:47
So basically Walmart wants an explicit exemption for gift cards, saying NY already defines gift cards as follows:
*"Gift certificate" shall mean a written promise or electronic payment device that: (i) is usable at a single merchant or an affiliated group of merchants that share the same name, mark, or logo, or is usable at multiple, unaffiliated merchants or service providers; and (ii) is issued in a specified amount; and (iii) may or may not be increased in value or reloaded; and (iv) is purchased and/or loaded on a prepaid basis for the future purchase or delivery of any goods or services; and (v) is honored
upon presentation*
The problem is the above can be highlighted to describe bitcoins too:
"Gift certificate" shall mean .. electronic payment device that: is usable at multiple, unaffiliated merchants or service providers; and is issued in a specified amount; and may be increased in value and is purchased on a prepaid basis for the future purchase or delivery of any goods or services; and is honored upon presentation
Either way, if they allow an exemption for "business virtual currency" as gift cards, all it takes is for someone to create a business with business points that can be traded on exchanges for cryptocurrencies. If they say the business points must not be traded on any exchanges how can they stop exchanges trading Starbucks points, for example? 
Their tight noose approach is becoming more problematic for easy enforcement :)
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:37:25
Well you didn't say anything about precious metals in your post. All I saw was "bitcoin will take the majority share" which to me meant somebody was putting over 50% of their wealth in bitcoins, which I still consider exceedingly risky. 
It wasn't so much so when they were sub $10, but for where they are today the stakes are higher. I'm in the camp that believes they'll either be a huge success or shocking failure. Good luck to you at any rate :)
@_date: 2014-04-15 01:48:07
Like I [said at bitcointalk.org]( from Bloomberg:
HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA)'s head of group compliance, David Bagley, told a Senate hearing he will **step down** amid claims the bank gave **terrorists, drug cartels and criminals** access to the U.S. financial system by failing to guard against money laundering.
Banks provide upward of 1 billion to **terrorists** and those on the hook get to step down. Meanwhile this poor kid indirectly linked to people who *may* have used funds from his company to buy drugs gets the book thrown at him. Yeah, the govt is definitely here to help. No hypocrisy or double standards here.
@_date: 2014-10-31 21:24:50
Yes, trust can be a tricky thing. This is a true free market, self-responsibility situation. However, there are tools (like escrow) which can be used fairly effectively. In this community reputation counts for a lot.
Always assume the entity you're dealing with is dishonest or incompetent, both which can lose your coins. Long before MtGox blew up I warned people not to keep large sums with ANY online service long term.
That being said everyone I've recommended above appears trustworthy. I've been in the community a long time, watching many come and go. BTC-e is one of the oldest and largest exchanges. CampBX has been around since nearly the beginning too. AmagiMetals I haven't dealt with, but from their [public reddit posts]( and what I know of them they're honest. There is also the [service discussion]( forum area to read about any problems.
@_date: 2014-10-06 19:14:38
Fantastic blog post and great work, Gavin! 
I too believe an "all of the above" solution is what may work best here. I'm working on perhaps one other solution, involving off-chain transactions, which may be beneficial, possibly in more ways than one (eg faster transaction confirmation). I'll hopefully have more on that soon.
@_date: 2014-11-05 22:58:07
This is one more thing I love about Bitcoin. You can see it's about real people (even ones quite talented). Can you imagine a video where somebody starts spontaneously singing about Bank of America?
@_date: 2014-08-25 20:24:24
Hmm, if that's not an ad hominem attack I don't know what is.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:55:07


That's not a strawman. You're perfectly ok to point out state constitutions. That doesn't change my point: There is only one Constitution which is the *highest law in the land*. Everything else must therefore be in line with that.
Let me ask you something. This is a yes or no question. If you don't answer it yes or no it will indicate to me you're not really interested in debating the truth of the matter, but something else. Here is the question: Do you believe the U.S. Constitution is the highest law in the land? Yes or No?
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:00:25
Sukrim, I don't know if something is getting lost in the translation but the info you're giving is NOT what I'm asking for. You are giving me **statements**. That is not proof, and it is not a description of how to find proof.
Pages from Ripple's Wiki operate the same way: 
Under: Understanding Ripple &gt; The Ripple Ledger, it talks about addresses, trustlines, with illustrations of Alice and Dave, but doesn't show *how* things work technically. Bitcoin's [white paper]( is 9 pages and describes *exactly* how transactions, the entire system works. Where is the white paper for Ripple?
Edit: responding to *you're* edit, there you go contradicting yourself again. You talk about the sum being part of each ledger hash, but above told me "Your guess is wrong" referring to my assumption about hash checks...
@_date: 2014-11-05 22:18:57
As a community we're working to make Bitcoin safe and easy to work with. We're getting better, but it's a work in progress.
My favorite solution for high security and ease of use is [Bitcoin Armory]( but this isn't the easiest thing to use. It requires technical skills.
What may be easiest, while still pretty safe is Coinbase's new [multi-sig vault](
My last favorite, still a phenomenal combination of security and ease of use, is [Bitcoin Trezor](
Using any of these, or perhaps a combination should allow fantastic control and security over your coins, while still being accessible to use as an average user. There are other options and other processes, which continue to evolve too. There isn't one single best solution yet IMO.
@_date: 2014-12-12 19:21:29


How many seconds does it take to hand a waiter a card? How many additional seconds does it take to sign?
If you watch the video when the reporter goes to a bar which accepts bitcoin where the owner says he thinks Bitcoin is the future, as the guy then tries to pay you see them both fumbling with their phones. The reporter asks 'do you find this process quick?' and the guy responds 'very quick' but while still fumbling with his phone. 
You know what would be quick? Handing over a card. That's quick, simple, painless and needs no explanation or extra attention to pay. You have to admit that. I'm the biggest bitcoin enthusiast in the world, but I won't be love blind. I think it's possible for bitcoin to be the best way to pay for things the world has ever seen, but we won't get there pretending it is already an ideal experience. It isn't.
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:50:47






I'll probably get downvoted, but that's a false dichotomy. Another possibility is government serves a valid purpose, and is administered by a subset of individuals on everyone else, by the consent of everyone else. Another possibility is government serves a valid purpose, and is administered by a subset of individuals on everyone else, by the consent of something less than everyone else, whether a minority or majority. Still another possibility is government serves a valid purpose, is administered by a subset of individuals, by the consent of nobody else.
Additionally, you can replace valid with invalid in the cases above, while none of it is contradictory.
@_date: 2014-09-03 22:22:32


I hope you don't think that applies to me. I actually butted head-to-head with Gavin in the early days over the advent of the Bitcoin Foundation. 
I try taking in information objectively and reaching conclusions the same. For example I like MPOE, or at least some attributes I've seen from that person. At the same time I can recognize highly intelligent thinking; and the core devs, at least the ones I'm most familiar with - Gavin, G. Maxwell, and J. Garzik - have that in spades. When you recognize people of that ability, who at the same time are obviously putting their intellect to constructive use, you tend to give the benefit of the doubt to their actions because perhaps they're seeing something in a way others are missing.
OTOH you seem to see things as more black and white. Either someone acts in accordance with the purest tenets of an ideology consistently, all the time, or they're likely to have ulterior motives or be hypocritical. I submit to you the world, and problems in it, are more complicated and nuanced than that.
@_date: 2014-11-04 21:48:12
I agree about considering the complexity, but not about the risk factor. Remember nobody needs to own a whole bitcoin for use. Almost any fraction will do.
I'd say try conveying the reasons you're excited about and recommending Bitcoin, along with a warning about its early life stage and complexity. Explain the easiest thing may be to set up a blockchain.info wallet and maybe give them $0.10 to play with. Tell them to work up to higher amounts as comfortable. Voila, no risk involved.
@_date: 2014-09-30 21:02:53
This guy is getting on my nerves. First he says:


Then he proceeds to offer more misleading information:


A currency having legal tender status doesn't mean merchants, which are private businesses, have to accept it. It means a court acknowledges that currency when offered to pay off debt.  
When you make a purchase from a merchant you are entering a private exchange, basically a temporary private contract, where you each agree to the terms of the exchange. This can be barter (trading a thing for another thing), an exchange of product for a loan - such as Wimpy's "I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today" - or acceptance of a form of currency, whether legal tender or not (or the merchant can refuse service entirely).
@_date: 2014-09-03 19:08:15
I believe he's completely wrong. I've recently read a bit from Satoshi (I came to the Bitcoin forum just after he vanished), from emails he sent Hal Finney. I think I've seen clues there, but my guess is he - and Satoshi is a he - certainly worked in some professional capacity with software.
Shinichi Mochizuki is a mathematician, and while Satoshi is as well he isn't one in a professional capacity. His field was or is closer to computers. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:13:01
You said it yourself: you are young. Unfortunately that often goes with foolish. 
I'm a huge bitcoin bull, but I also realize nobody can predict the future, and people make mistakes all the time, even smart ones. Going all in on one asset is okay if you're doing it for principle, ideology, and entertainment, where if you lose everything or a significant portion you're still happy with the thrill of the ride. OTOH if you're actually concerned with your future wealth you'll quickly realize most wealthy people, ones who acquire and keep wealth over time, always diversify. It makes sense.
Conducting business solely in bitcoin is fine, but I'd also store wealth in complementary assets, namely precious metals and property. If you have neither of those and bitcoin drops back to two digits or worse, no matter how unlikely that seems today, you're going to be feeling pretty silly.
If you're really bullish I'd say 50% of all stored wealth in bitcoin is exceedingly daring, probably too much so, let alone more. I mean you're not even hedging any alt-coins, which is the same asset class. 
Storing wealth outside the fiat banking system certainly seems prudent, but what if cryptocurrencies didn't exist? Would you call everything a lost cause? It's fiat or nothing? Of course not. I urge you to reconsider.
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:05:31
Slight correction: it's Social Security that's the source of the debt claim in most (or all) of these cases from what I read. The govt. is simply seizing tax refunds as a collection tactic. So it's don't F with the govt. ;)
@_date: 2014-12-11 19:26:25
He didn't say it wasn't heading in the right direction for pay improvement, just that it still looks inconvenient (and I agree).
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:08:50


Exactly. Like the world's economy has been doing GREAT on its own! Argentina only has [55% annual inflation]( and everywhere else is peaches and cream. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
@_date: 2014-05-01 23:30:34
The 20 bucks a month is if you're outsourcing the computing to a remote hosting company. Many people in First World countries already have the capability to run a full node just fine using the same computer and bandwidth expenses they have for personal use, so there isn't noticeable extra cost there.
Bitcoin doesn't need 100% of users to run a full node. Five to ten percent is probably plenty. It's just that now it's not even close to that.
@_date: 2014-11-27 18:58:28
*make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts;*


I don't know if you're being intentionally ignorant or what. The "make anything but gold/silver legal tender " is listed within the Constitution regarding the *states* - the clause begins "No state shall". It's not talking about parts of the federal government here. It's hard for me to believe you don't know this but I'll explain. The Constitution sets out the framework for our constitutional republic, doing so by legally setting up jurisdictional entities and powers. It creates the office of the president, Congress, the Supreme Court, etc. When it is describing any given entity it does so specifically. By your logic, for example, the Supreme Court can coin money too since it isn't a state, and that restriction applies to states.
The Constitution gives Congress the power to coin money. That's it. There is nothing else there. No other entity has that power, and that specific exact power is all that's allowed with that clause. That clause doesn't say anything about authorizing states to do one thing or another.


The Supreme Court can't amend the Constitution alone. It only has the power to clarify what the Constitution says; if the Constitution is clear on an item then the Supreme Court has no job or power on that item.


The large, overwhelming majority of people once thought the world was flat. Numbers don't indicate accuracy.
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:44:04
This is a great question. It's something I think about which I don't think many do.
I can code but don't review every single thing I run. I'm pretty sure most coders don't. Even popular installed software sometimes has bugs (see heartbleed, shellshock etc). 
When you run code you're trusting two things. The first is the programmer(s) that created the code. The second is that the code you run is as intended by the creator.
With something like financial software, as Bitcoin is, it's good, probably necessary, that it be open source. That way you have a wide group of people who can review the code, where problematic items can be caught. Indeed a bug in Bitcoin's early history Satoshi had missed was caught. Most people would probably agree known coders, like Gavin for example, are trustworthy. Such coders then often sign the files they make available for download so they can be checked by anyone to ensure the files haven't changed. The only vulnerability there would be if the coder's signing key was compromised.
The second problem is with online sites that are deemed trustworthy, but which may be compromised. Many people recommend sites like bitaddress.org or blockchain.info as a source of private keys, saying the creators are trustworthy and anyway the code providing the keys is client-side javascript. The vulnerability there, though, is if the server providing that javascript is compromised the code can change without anyone being the wiser. For this reason it's good that, for example, blockchain.info has sole physical access to their servers.
@_date: 2014-12-23 00:12:12


I disagree. That may have been true in Bitcoin's early days, but this becomes harder as we grow.
There is a lot of money invested in hardware specific to that algorithm. There would probably be disagreement about what to switch to, and then the change rolled out and infrastructure worldwide reset. There would likely be argument about what block to make the transition at, as all later blocks (and transactions, no matter what they were) would be invalid. While I'm confident such a change could be made it wouldn't be quick or easy in my estimation. It would be messy. We tend to not see this as a problem because breaks in algorithms usually happen in stages, giving us good ability to make a smoother transition. However, things may not be so orderly.
This is the kind of thing I'm talking about. People too often simplify different aspects of Bitcoin. It's not like a light switch. Often with technology everything can be controlled, therefore problem solving possibilities great. However Bitcoin is spread out in ways which, for many aspects, there is no direct control, which leaves room for problems.
I know I'm sounding pessimistic. I'm not trying to be. I have great confidence in our ability to collectively pilot Bitcoin to success. I just don't want people having the mistaken impression the road is smooth, clear, and guaranteed from all vantage points. It's not. We're talking about likelihoods. I believe they are in Bitcoin's favor, but it's simply not definite.
@_date: 2014-05-03 13:30:21
Welcome to English, land of a [thousand homonyms](
to - toward; too - also; two - a couple
tic - twitch; tick - small noise; tick - a parasitic bug; tick - a check mark; ticks - the sound of a clock
hoes - more than one garden tool; hoes - prostitutes; hose - tube for watering garden weeds
net - final after deductions; net - a piece of meshed fabric; net - the Internet; net - *Informal.* a radio or television network; net - to take with a net: *to net fish.*
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:34:36


You're quoting the Supreme Court? Why don't you quote the Constitution?
What are we discussing here? 
To which do we give deference, the Constitution or an entity it created? You seem to be inventing some flimsy argument based on some court case. The Supreme Court has reversed itself before anyway. Why don't you cite the Constitution? Show where, exactly, the Constitution provides for what you claim. Do that and I'll happily concede.
I don't want the BEP debate to become a red herring. You're welcome to keep talking about it.
@_date: 2014-09-14 20:29:23
 thanks for saving me the reply :D
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:13:18


And **terrorists**.
*A major U.S. bank has agreed to a settlement for transferring funds on the behalf of financiers for the militant group Hezbollah, the Treasury Department announced on Tuesday. ...*
*No one at HSBC was criminally charged for what U.S. Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer called at the time "stunning failures of oversight."*
@_date: 2014-10-09 22:12:17
I agree. I think the original spirit and intent of America - the idea of freedom - is also a pretty fantastic fundamental. 
Sadly, it's largely because of those same things freedom has been increasingly held back as well.
It's funny. I was watching a speech by Vice President Biden to some graduating cadets where he opined on voices warning America is in decline. "Give me a break" he said. He challenged that inventiveness and innovation is, for example, hardly present in China. I agree, but the freedom which allows creative genius to flourish is in my mind one of the few things keeping things viable for so long; and that's being choked off and stifled. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 22:23:06


Take a look at this chart: 
The US spends almost as much for military spending **as the rest of the world combined**. You really call that "ability to fund security"?
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:36:35
Well, it's a bit of a double-edged sword. In my example with a variety of browsers, each user's experience is independent, so it doesn't matter if something goes wrong somewhere. Browser makers can experiment 'til their hearts are content.
Bitcoin OTOH works by everybody having a shared experience - there is supposed to only be one version of reality. Look at the problem we had from the accidental hard fork, and that was theoretically the *same* software from the same makers which diversified things to confusion. So maybe that was the source of any push back you might have seen. 
If people work in silos trying all sorts of crazy independent implementation experiments, and random swaths of people are running them all the same that could be problematic. Ideally we'll get a bit more structure and smart integration of various versions. I believe that's part of Gavin's new focus, working to head off problems and ensure smooth compatibility as Bitcoin and its software implementation expands. As Gavin mentions in that video, though, with at least say 3 good implementations out there in wide use and in agreement, then adding to that becomes theoretically easier, because it's hard to disagree with that majority.
@_date: 2014-11-21 20:24:17
I knew we were in trouble, but wow. 
Somebody described those toxic CDOs which caused the financial crisis as like a parfait, but with gunk making up the layers then topped by whipped cream. 
The U.S. financial system, and by extension the world is like one big toxic CDO.
@_date: 2014-09-23 01:48:49


DANGIT! Got me LOL :p
I knew the real [Ben Lawsky]( was using his real name here, but I forgot the spelling.
@_date: 2014-08-17 15:12:48
Interesting question, but it's probably easiest to say bitcoins/satoshis are owned. That gives the court system a way to punish theft.
Technically, you're correct. The coins exist publicly, to the extent there are "coins" at all. In the "real" world if I go into a forest, pick up a stick and claim ownership that's an easy concept to understand. The stick existed, under nobody's claimed ownership, so I gained ownership.
Actual bitcoins (satoshis etc) don't exist physically. Instead they are only a concept, one which everyone shares and honors. The closest thing to ownership in this situation then is the mining or minting of the coins. It's at this point the coins within the *conceptual* system are agreed to exist. It's then the miner that owns the coins. At that point she can transfer coins out of her control to another private key. Come to think of it, such a transfer might be more legally binding than simply passing someone a physical object, because there is a signed record of the transfer. If the signature wasn't forged (compromised private key) that should be all the evidence of transferred ownership a judge would need.
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:08:06
Actually you're not the only one with network concern, except mine is at the ISP level. We're seeing increasing [consolidation of major telecoms]( In many areas there is no Internet access choice but one provider.
We saw a recent [reddit post]( that ICANN will soon be turning over administration of DNS to the global community. That's the kind of decentralization of our global network we need. At the same time on-ramps to the pipes needs to avoid centralization too IMO. I'm not sure the solution to this short of maybe rich early Bitcoin adopters stepping up to start new telecoms, or lobbying government against monopolies.
@_date: 2014-09-14 18:07:39


Be careful with blanket statements like this. 
Many bills passed in congress [go unread](


It seems [congress had no time to read the PATRIOT Act](
Even the Patriot Act's  original author says NSA spying revelations were 'a shock': 
He has [sought legislation]( to curb spying abuses.
It's unlikely Congress, even with its sub 50% approval rating, really understands and is in good consensus over the real life implications of the Patriot Act.
@_date: 2014-08-21 01:12:53
Then why does it cost an [average of $45.50]( and 1-2 days to send an international bank wire? 
Why does it cost a migrant an average of 10-20% in fees to remit money back home via services like Western Union? Every bit as portable, indeed...
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:47:52
I'm working on something of similar security concern. My present solution is along the lines of careful bookkeeping; all funds are to be accounted for at any given time.  In my system only values in the database change. Real bitcoins don't actually move until they absolutely must, and at that point a balancing of books happens. If something doesn't balance, payment is halted pending investigation.
This provides two levels of security: one against external compromise of any hot wallet, since real bitcoins can be kept offline, and two against untrustworthy people with access to the system. In order for successful theft to occur database values would need to be adjusted to balance fraudulently, which should leave a bookkeeping trace in my system, and real bitcoins would need to be authorized to transfer on that fraudulent report. Theft might be possible, but I believe difficult and risky, therefore unlikely.
@_date: 2014-12-04 21:04:52


True, but you should look at it from the merchant's perspective. I've been a merchant accepting credit cards. It's rape. Fundamentally it's a simple transfer of value from one individual to another, and nowadays even non-bitcoin currency is mostly electronic 1s and 0s. There is something to be said for making a profit, and another to be said for exploiting a privileged position. I'm certainly not suggesting what card companies, money transfer services etc. do is criminal, but I *am* suggesting they're ripe for disruption.
@_date: 2014-10-09 22:48:38


I'm fairly positive he didn't say that (though I agree that might have been the mistaken interpretation). He said they would be secure and they would be. 
They wouldn't be secure against large resource intensive attack (unless perhaps they were merge mined...), but secure against whimsical fraud.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:39:08
I disagree. Bitcoin is ultimately meant to be used as a currency, so its legal classification should match.
Bitcoin as property helps with capital gains taxes for speculators, but that's not Bitcoin's ultimate purpose. We ultimately want mainstream user adoption and those people will want no risk running afoul of the law.
As Bitcoin tax expert Tyson Cross notes "Users will have to track their transactions and determine the amount of their taxable gain each time. It's quite a burden. The rules on taxing foreign currency provide an exception for 'personal transactions' for that very reason. ..."
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:20:02
I agree there is a need for a decentralized exchange. However, the way to do it is probably Open Transactions (which I'm still looking into):
The meta coin approach which piggy backs on Bitcoin doesn't seem right or elegant. One question I haven't seen addressed, for example, is what happens if we all switch to Litecoin? If SHA-256 breaks and we use a Scrypt coin as backup? Or what if Bitcoin hard forks for some reason? What happens to all that infrastructure built on top of the Bitcoin block chain?
@_date: 2014-09-27 03:28:43
Maybe you should advise the Fed then, because they didn't say anything about any bubble before it popped, quite the opposite.
I think a lot of people thought it was the new normal. What surprised me at least was the liar's loans and amount of fraud.
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:12:33
No, I don't think Joe Public will jump on board in large part at first. 
It's not much different from the early Internet, before Google, before Yahoo. People had much the same skepticism and hesitation about that. Dial-up modems and navigating was mysterious to people. Many thought AOL *was* the Internet, and didn't know how to use an independent "browser". People said pornography would run rampant and kids needed to be protected from unlimited, harmful possibilities. They said there was no way they would enter their credit card information online. 
Yet, look where we are today. Time changes things. It's not always apparent present day how things will turn out.
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:36:55
I think both problems should work themselves out naturally as more people/groups join the network. For example, one day ordinary people may run an ASIC along with their cellphone charger. Remember, historically technology becomes less expensive, more capable, and more widely adopted over time; all factors which can enable broad Bitcoin network participation.
Keep in mind Bitcoin is *still* in the early adopter phase, though it may not seem like it to those of us who breathe it daily. It's not unexpected to see slightly unequal factors emerge in the early days.
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:59:36
Yes I know he meant it as a dig, but that's my point, that he mentioned it at all, knowing readers likely to see his words might appreciate his comparison. I couldn't see him saying the same for (or even being aware of) eGold or Liberty Dollar. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:30:37


Coinbase is working within the existing **legal** framework. What would happen if Bank of America announced it was integrating bitcoins. Do you think our community would see that as good or bad news?
Not everybody has interest in things like drugs or gambling, not that I'm saying there is anything wrong with that, just that money can be used for many things. Coinbase is providing a valuable service to our community by allowing more people to participate, making Bitcoin more valuable overall. Many people would never figure out how to get bitcoins into blockchain.info on their own. 
White label services boost Bitcoin's image. We do want Bitcoin to go mainstream don't we?
@_date: 2014-12-23 23:32:30


Just to clarify: not everyone has a "praise it no matter what" strategy. I've been in the community since Bitcoin was less than $0.50 and I've seen people call $1.00 over priced. 
I always try to tell people not to invest more than they can afford to lose. I've always believed there was a very good chance bitcoins could be worth over $10K per coin. I believed that when they were less than $1.00 and I believe that now. This can explain why people would chant "$950 is cheap". From that perspective it is. 
The problem is that as Bitcoin has gained tons of news and attention it's inevitable that floods of people would view it as a way to make money easily. Those type people can drown out people trying to provide a more complete picture of getting involved with Bitcoin. I think you'll still find people warning not to invest more than you can afford to lose, and invest for the longer term, but don't be surprised if that is mixed with people having a "pump it" mindset from time to time.
@_date: 2014-08-18 18:32:25
One thing I think will help a lot is hardware wallets. That along with multi-signature transactions should make securing coins much easier. For example, you can have a company give you what appears to be an online banking interface, but they don't have any ability to steal/move your coins without your consent, probably using a 2nd factor physical device.
I think there are already some companies starting to do something like this. We're still in early days here, experiencing the first generation of such things. Wait a bit, and securing bitcoins could become easier than securing suitcases full of cash.
@_date: 2014-09-01 16:10:59
I think saying Bitcoin is "really fragile", conjuring images of a shipment of chinaware, is a bit misleading. 
One could say the US multi-trillion dollar economy and infrastructure is fragile [and defenseless to physical and cyber attacks on its power grid]( Yet life goes on.
What's missing is the countermeasure argument. There are all sorts of what-if potential problems all around us, all the time. That doesn't mean we fear getting out of bed each day. What I mean is, sure, Bitcoin isn't perfect nor completely invulnerable to attack, but that can be said for lots of things. However, what I do believe is it's incredibly resilient due to the resourcefulness of its supporters. That counts for a lot. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 17:25:33
Using a service like BitPay makes it easy, because they can handle all technical issues and give you 100% dollars on your end. That can be the simplest solution since your tax and accounting remain on familiar ground.
However, BitPay also allows merchants to keep a percentage of payments in bitcoins. If you want to keep some bitcoins for whatever reason you'll need to learn about storing them safely. You might see my [recent answers on that]( 
Bitcoins are perfectly legal to use. In fact the US Marshals Service recently [sold some]( The [IRS has classified them as property]( for tax reasons, so technically people are supposed to keep track of exchange rate value of coins at each transfer to report capital gains/losses. However, that's a quite onerous task, probably stemming from a bad classification of bitcoins and many seem to not be bothered about such documentation.
Last is refunds. Many merchants (like Overstock.com) continue to price products in dollars. If a refund is ever requested it's probably best to refund the dollar amount, possibly by the same method (bitcoin) requiring a re-calculation of exchange rate. It's probably a good idea to clarify your refund policy just to eliminate confusion. 
A good starting reference is 
@_date: 2014-12-17 17:25:33
Well the way I see it the market is made up of very many use cases, and they *all* have an impact. There are only 21 million bitcoins possible (far fewer in existence currently) so even a person who got a bitcoin for whatever reason (maybe a gift in the early days) who doesn't sell it impacts the price, because that's one less bitcoin available.
The beautiful thing about a true free market is it adds up all these tiny inputs and concludes a fair market price, in the most accurate way possible, because it accounts for everything :)
I think Bitcoin's market is driven by a couple major forces, and certainly one dominant one is speculation. There are some who get into bitcoin not understanding all dynamics, then sell fearfully when the price starts to dip. There are professionals who make technical analyses on charts. There are companies who may adjust the amount of payment (from companies like Bitpay) they keep in Bitcoin based on what they think the price is doing. All of this happens, but all with less volatility as time goes on, because as the overall market grows there are more possible variable inputs which mean more possible things cancelling other things out, resulting in more stable prices.
To the OP (and [to Peter Schiff]( One thing many seem to miss about Bitcoin's price is due to its intentional early [heavy inflation]( to grow overall user base, a relatively *stable* price means *growth*, not decline or stagnation. Said another way, at $350 there must be $1,290,379 of **new** money coming into Bitcoin every single day for the price to not decline.
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:14:06
Well, this sort of thing is inevitable. The people most interested in the core nuts and bolt of Bitcoin are people with natural interest in how technology works under the hood, aka geeks. As Bitcoin spreads out in adoption you get people less concerned with that, who focus on larger ideas. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 02:42:57


Are you talking about Litecoin? It's almost [as old]( as Bitcoin, and currently has about a $240M market cap. 
@_date: 2014-08-26 00:24:27


Or the US might have to repel aliens like in Independence Day with Will Smith. Let's be realistic. You don't base the policy of a country, monetary, military and otherwise, on all hypothetical possibilities.
The US is a **nuclear** superpower. There are not many itching to be on the other end of that. Not to mention its citizenry is armed to the teeth. There won't be many looking to walk into the US the way the US walked into Iraq. As one (Japanese general?) once said "there would be a gun behind every blade of grass."
@_date: 2014-08-26 00:30:44


The US should spend as much for military as the *rest of the world combined*, while its economy lays off millions and inflation raises prices, in case Hitler comes back? 
@_date: 2014-09-22 02:48:45


I agree. The problem is the word literally is used to show you're intending to be truthful.
It's okay to be hyperbolic for dramatic effect, but don't first state you're being truthful, because then it's awkward if you're not. It's definitely a nitpick. I wouldn't guess the OP isn't a native English speaker.
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:19:02


The [space-time tradeoff]( is what provides the resistance.
From what I understand it's cost intensive to first produce an ASIC, but once done the cost to replicate each one is like $1.00. At that point you gain increased hashrate by simply adding power. OTOH an algorithm which adds a memory component means an ASIC chip maker has some, but not gigantic hashrate advantage over many people with say lots of idle RAM. Decreasing the memory requirement slows the processing and speeding up processing requires increased memory.
@_date: 2014-08-21 01:57:34
First of all you seem to have a perception one economy "owns" every aspect of its prosperity, and there can be no "leakage", as if someone who offers his own labor there (increasing the GDP, BTW) is somehow stealing something and must be punished or at least taxed. I'm not sure I follow that logic.
Next, money which is remitted is usually converted to the existing local currency. This doesn't expand (inflate) that money supply. In fact it can have an appreciating affect since the currency is in more demand.
@_date: 2014-12-21 02:18:49


Sigh, I've already debated that to its logical conclusion. (my opponent appears to have given up) Comment thread: 
Beginning of it [starts here](
Also, states can't **issue** any currency (coin money).
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:06:28
I hope Factom is explaining the whole story to those it stores records for.
I hate to bear bad news but the Bitcoin blockchain isn't guaranteed to be around years into the future. Do I expect it to? I lean toward yes, but I'm definitely not certain. The fact is there are unknowns with Bitcoin, regardless how pumped up people get about it. That's a fact. 
Many smart people are working very hard to see that Bitcoin is around for decades to come, and I'd put my money (literally) on that outcome, but some things simply cannot be controlled. This includes flaw or breaks in the core algorithm, unforeseen superior implementations of alt-coins, reaching consensus on critical issues, and untenable attacks.
Now, in spite of all that I'm still very bullish on Bitcoin. As I said, smart people are working hard. However, it seems quite irresponsible to take as a given Bitcoin's blockchain is here to stay. That becomes more likely with each passing day, but right now, it's still early days. 
Using the blockchain to prove records is fine, but it should be a backup, not the only copy.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:19:45


Believe it or not I don't think that's all that long, the reason being complacency. It's because people perceive open source as being secure due to its transparent nature that such a large bug wouldn't be expected.


As is the case with bash. Like I said I think that's due to people not expecting such bugs to be there. That's why I suggested something nefarious for these two gigantic bugs, that just came out of the blue.


You have a community full of mathematicians, crytpto geeks, and engineers here. It's not out of the range of world knowledge to properly audit a financial system which could one day be valued in trillions of dollars.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:40:33


I don't worry about exchange rate stability. Volatility we've dealt with. What I am concerned about is permanent damage to shared confidence. That's what *currencies*, like the Zimbabwean dollar, maybe even the US dollar, have to worry about. This is emphasized for currencies without the backing of government (e.g. fiat dollars) or history (e.g. gold).
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:04:58
I think you don't understand what I'm saying is happening.
Bitcoin is not supposed to have bubble increase after bubble increase. The markets figure that out after a while and equalize. What I'm saying is for where Bitcoin is at, what I would expect to happen is exactly what appears to be happening. 
Now, this doesn't mean there will never be another bubble increase - I believe there will be. It means for the user base/market participants Bitcoin has now, the price is doing what I would expect it to.
@_date: 2014-06-05 01:30:21
I think you're right that with a more mature ecosystem we'll see fairly low risk 3rd party bank type account options.
The great thing about Bitcoin is while security is a problem now it may become one of the most secure forms of money. For example, things like multisignature and [Shamir Secret Sharing]( (available in Armory) make it possible to physically spread out access to coins, something not possible with hard cash or gold, where you could give say 3 trusted family members access to one component. No single point could move coins, but some number of them, say 2 of 3 could. People could securely store very high value amounts on their own, even though bank type options may also be available. 
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:35:25
It's not only the hashing algorithm. I don't know if you were around for the block size issue debate, but it tore the community apart. If there is only one blockchain everyone fights over the same thing. As I've often posted at bitcointalk alt-coins ease any pressure of infighting because people can express their disagreement by supporting another coin, rather than risk wreaking havoc with factions and forks of a sole blockchain.
@_date: 2014-05-01 17:14:52
Colbert likes Ron Paul, though, and Ron Paul is all about sound money:
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:22:15
What you're missing though is it's quite a different measure of efficiency between carrying two or more physical items, or holding a single device where there is no size or weight difference for carrying more than one type of coin. The difference in further efficiency then has to be great enough to offset all demand in order to kill off a market. 
It would be most efficient if everyone wanted the same type of soda. Most efficient for ordering, most efficient for stocking, handling, marketing etc., but we will always have different types of soda because gains in efficiency are not enough to fully offset market demand. Most alt-coins add little improvement to cryptocurrency IMO, but something like Litecoin, which was first to be successful next to BTC, which adds technical, social (think of threatened hard forks over Bitcoin Foundation etc), and economic backup (it wasn't affected by the prior bug causing the network to split, and price to plummet) is worthwhile for those reasons at least.
I think we'll see most alt-coins remain in obscurity and fade away, but a select few may survive alongside Bitcoin for the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2014-10-05 19:55:23
This is why people should have some cash sitting on various exchanges, not much, but by now it's pretty obvious which exchanges are trustworthy enough to leave, say, 1-2K at. Then when opportunity strikes you pay very little markup to buy in.
As it stands you'll pay hefty markup trying to rush money into Bitcoin in less than a day. You can try localbitcoins.com, though. I'm not sure the turnaround time on [SecondMarket]( but that's also a good option.
@_date: 2014-11-12 21:05:13
There are a couple different problems with your comment. First, Wikipedia - an encyclopedia anyone can edit - is good as a *cursory* reference for information, but don't mistake that as being a good authority on any subject, particularly for subjects of emotional/contentious nature such as religion, politics, or money.
I would agree, however, that the word is often used both ways, even by mainstream economists. I would still argue that doesn't make it right. Inflation, by definition, is the increase or expanding of the money supply, and that happens uniformly (e.g. an increase in the production and market supply of gold, with everyone using gold, or an increase in the amount of dollars, with everyone using dollars). Rising prices are often the *result* of this expansion. 
A price by itself, however, need not be uniform nor dependent on any monetary or economic change at all. Anybody with something to sell can set any price they like, anytime they like, for any reason they like. Whether or not someone will pay their price is another story, but an increase or decrease in the *price* of something isn't the same as monetary inflation or deflation.
@_date: 2014-10-09 16:21:25
Hey, Andreas, the entire hearing was fantastic but I got particular pleasure from this in your opening remarks:
*Unfortunately, the centralized architecture of traditional financial systems concentrate power, creating cozy relationships between industry insiders and regulators and often lead to regulatory capture, lax oversight, corruption and in the end, financial crises.*
When I saw you were going to speak at the Canadian Senate I was like wow this guy doesn't mince words, I wonder how that will go. You didn't disappoint! :D
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:21:13


Now we're getting somewhere! From that page:  
*The first ledger created is called the genesis ledger, and the most recent finalized ledger is called the last closed ledger. A validated ledger has been closed by the majority of the network is immutable and will never change.*
The words "validated ledger" are linked to this page which is empty 
That would be **exactly** the kind of information I'm after. Where can I find this?
@_date: 2014-03-25 14:56:10
It should be pointed out "users running full nodes" is supposed to be the *typical* Bitcoin user, just so nobody thinks that's an obscure use case as it might sound.
Bitcoin is democratic. It works by users running full nodes (reference client, Bitcoin-qt) which validate and relay transactions which conform to the rules the owners agree to. That's how power in Bitcoin stays decentralized. Anything which makes it harder for people to run full nodes, such as block chain storage bloat, where users might need to rely on somebody else for information (due to storage/bandwidth costs), inherently weakens Bitcoin's peer-to-peer decentralization protection.
@_date: 2014-10-08 19:03:37
This was actually a really good interview. I think a lot of people who see this might have an aha! moment. Peter Smith gave some great,  easy to comprehend answers.
@_date: 2014-12-27 01:47:34
The link seems to have moved here: 
Also note the original post calls for 50% increase per year which has been changed to 40% per year (or doubling every two years).
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:09:40
So to clarify, as I'm uncertain, are you now *for* raising Bitcoin's block size limit, and by approximately how much, or using what formula?
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:40:51
The best option is one where no coins can move unless authorized by multi-signature on both the user and company side. 
This seems ideal to me because either side can make a mistake (less likely on company side, hopefully) and the coins still be secure. I believe that's an option with Greenwallet, and maybe Coinbase too (they have different choices for coin management). 
So for example, a 2 of 3 multi-sig address is ideal, where the user controls 2 signatures, but stores one signature permanently offline (it's only there for backup). Normal spending occurs with the user providing 1 signature and the company providing the other to make 2 for day-to-day transactions. Check with any reputable company which confirms this and go with them.
@_date: 2014-11-26 22:28:40


People live in the STATES. The arbitration, and debt settlement obligations, for individuals usually occurs at the state level. It is these courts that order payment in a form of money deemed "legal tender" to *legally* discharge a debt obligation. Handing someone toilet paper, or paper with fancy writing on it, even containing words legal tender, doesn't make it legal tender according to the Constitution. 


I didn't say it did...


I didn't say it couldn't. Again, the clause is referencing the STATES.


 
It's only the job of the BEP if it *accepts the order*. In your pizza example it's ultimately the job of the person to satisfy their hunger.
If it's the job of the BEP to print dollars why is the Fed involved at all? Why doesn't someone at the BEP simply make the calculations needed and run the presses? 
Why doesn't the Fed place the order with Kinkos, since the Fed ultimately issues the notes anyway? Could it be the Fed only runs the order through the BEP to give the *appearance* the government is the one taking initiative for the printing of dollars?
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:32:18
No that's not how it works :)
I had to explain this on bitcointalk.org too.
So it's less confusing imagine a room full of 50 people. Let's say there is $100 on the table and everyone is told it's their lucky day since it will be divided evenly between them. That means each of the 50 people gets exactly $2 ($2 x 50 = $100). Now, 1 penny is the smallest unit of a US dollar. Let's say on that table was still $100, but it was all in pennies! If we divided the money evenly between the people each person would still get $2 total. However, they would actually have 200 pennies, because on the table was 10,000 pennies (50 * 200 pennies = 10,000 pennies). Simply because we divided whole dollars into smaller units doesn't increase number of whole dollars. Similarly, dividing whole bitcoins into smaller units doesn't increase the number of *whole* bitcoins in existence. This means if billions of people use 21 million bitcoins chances are each whole bitcoin will be worth many thousands of dollars (or more), although we may call *fractions* of bitcoins something else like mBTC. Don't worry it's an easy mistake to make.
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:49:16
Why not cancel all ledgers prior to 32570 then? If it's truly the new genesis ledger?
Bottom line: people want to be able to verify for themselves how much currency is available. Bitcoin and alt-coins explain how anyone can do this. Where is this explanation for Ripple?
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:59:35
I disagree. I've made an example before on this topic with the 2nd Amendment. Mike's premise reminds me of someone for various gun restrictions and watering down the 2nd Amendment, because guns are "used for bad things". I couldn't disagree more. I think a more appropriate tack is an honest conversation about the necessity of such in a free society. 
Does that mean guns are not mainstream? Not everyone will ever use one, just as not everyone needs the anonymity features of cryptocurrency and Tor. However, watering down the potency of these tools of freedom to make them more palatable to Joe Public is naive at best.
@_date: 2014-05-02 21:50:13
I think going to 6 decimal place is the right move. When I first heard "bits" as the name for this I was skeptical, but it's starting to grow on me.
Besides bits is already a term for money  By pushing this model we simplify many ways in one fell swoop: easier counting as noted, existing financial software compatibility, shortest pronunciation, change once and be done.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:40:01


I hope you didn't give coinkite 100% ability to move coins. This kind of thinking, outsourced handling of coin security,  is how people lost all that money in MtGox, you know. You should be using a multi-sig method as I describe here:
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:30:21
Don't worry everyone has stories like this. I heard of Bitcoin when it was still in the *pennies* range, and scoffed, even mistakenly posting why the electricity model wouldn't work (as I misunderstood it). Something told me, maybe I should get a bunch though, just in case as it wouldn't hurt. Of course I didn't.
However, there is some chance for redemption. There have been many, many times to buy when the market has panicked and over sold coins. I think we're witnessing one of those times right now in fact. Many savvy traders have done quite well waiting for such opportunities.
@_date: 2014-07-04 03:49:34
LOL Admittedly I don't mine any coin, so it's true I'm not up on the latest news in mining. Apparently the Litecoin "asics" began [showing up]( in April. 
I put asic in quotes because the A2 Terminator SCRYPT ASIC I linked was tested at about 74 MH/s whereas this [USB Bitfury]( SHA256 ASIC is capable of 2.2 GH/s for about $60.
@_date: 2014-10-03 17:35:18


Is that post an example of what the FBI is claiming? Or is it different?
Wow, it looks like the Feds are telling the truth and SilkRoad screwed up.
I'll try breaking it down in plain speak, starting with the post you reference here:
This appears to be a reddit post, put up on May 3, 2013, in a [SR subreddit]( from a user explaining that on SilkRoad's login page a bunch of data is showing. As anekdotos correctly notes it appears the command "print_r($_SERVER);" is in SilkRoad's login page script, which outputs data, which includes a lot of information - of greatest significance, the server's IP address.
Apparently other users saw it too, so the reddit post doesn't appear to be fake. That data probably *was* showing on SilkRoad's login page. Obviously the feds were monitoring SilkRoad, meaning they too probably saw that data, again, containing the server's IP address. AFAIK SilkRoad always used a CAPTCHA on their login page. I'm guessing the feds thought their CAPTCHA was "leaking" as I'm guessing they don't have a bunch of web developers sitting around which they can consult. So that's probably why they refer to the CAPTCHA, but that hasn't anything to do with it. My guess is the command was put in for debugging, but wasn't removed - either that, or SR's login page was hacked and somebody put it there (which seems to me more fitting for that type of command).
@_date: 2014-04-09 15:48:25
I'm not taking offense. I'm happy to have the discussion. If you support Bitcoin you've already got a soft spot in my heart ;)
It's not civics that provides the answer here. Civics is the study of the theoretical and practical aspects of citizenship, its rights and duties; the duties of citizens to each other as members of a political body and to the government.
However, there is no separation of powers in North Korea; there isn't separation of church and state in Egypt's newly formed constitution which includes Muslim faith dictates.
No, to understand how our government, constitutional law in the United States works, specifically, requires historians and constitutional law experts like Tom Woods, for example, who holds a bachelor's degree in history from Harvard, and master's, M.Phil., and Ph.D. from Columbia University.
I daresay Tom Woods agrees with me: 
Let me explain it this way. Ask any American what is the highest law in the land. They should (hopefully) answer correctly: the U.S. Constitution. Notice it's not the U.S. set of Court Case Decisions. When it comes to supreme law, the Constitution is it. The Constitution does provide for the Supreme Court, but this court does *not* have legislative power. In other words its rulings can't overturn the Constitution. Otherwise why have a constitution in the first place? Notice that the Supreme Court can also reverse itself, as has happened several times. If your argument is SCOTUS cases work supremely in place of the Constitution, again, you need no Constitution since it becomes arbitrary, subject to the whims of those transient justices who can make mistakes or be corrupt.
Instead the Constitution sets itself up as the supreme law, and provides for a way to amend itself (Article V). The amendment process isn't easy; it's not supposed to be. It requires ratification by the states. This protects from the potential mistakes made by a few men (or women) who are transient and possibly at times corrupt (and I'm talking about more than SCOTUS here).
@_date: 2014-08-26 01:15:51
Could you clarify, you've stopped taking seriously what he has said for over 30 years (he was a US congressman almost that long, voting in a consistent way), or just what he says since the advent of his website? If the latter has he seemed to change what he's been saying? 
He is professing his beliefs, as many politicians do. He has sold books on those too, also as many politicians do. If he believes in capitalism and free markets, isn't participating in those things in line with that?
@_date: 2014-12-11 19:03:02
You know this is a good idea in general. I remember a similar discussion in the days I visited Techcrunch, when Bing was just getting started.
Monopolies are great for companies but not so much for end users/consumers. Remember Snowden's revelations about companies like Google ([and Microsoft]( giving the government data access. Competition in the marketplace is generally a win for consumers. I say that with full reservation for the Evil Empire in place ;)
@_date: 2014-08-22 15:56:15
The news about Fidor Bank adopting Ripple was posted here 3 months ago, and this is r/bitcoin...
*Fidor has become the first bank to integrate Ripples payment protocol, allowing its customers to instantly send money in any currency in any amount through the banks money transfer products at a lower cost*
@_date: 2014-10-02 22:07:00
Sounds great! I like colored coins too, but haven't really seen a good example of them. Anyone know of any?
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:12:04
I don't agree. Bitcoin isn't perfect. For example, it relies on SHA-256. What happens if that algorithm gets broken? The popular answer is we all switch to another algorithm. 
I say it's not that simple. It becomes harder to make protocol level changes as more people adopt Bitcoin because you have to gain consensus from a larger pool of differing opinions. People might argue over what to switch to, and if there is a switch what else should be switched at the same time (like block time/block size)? The bigger the change the harder it will be to gain consensus, and multiple forks/factions are potentially disastrous economically. To avoid that, which no one wants, no change is usually undertaken. This is why changing block size remains an issue.
With alt-coins having different hashing algorithms, block times, etc. it's easy for the market to fall back on existing solutions. It makes no sense to put all our eggs in one blockchain basket so to speak. Why do people fear alt-coins so much? They've existed all this time without killing Bitcoin. Isn't it obvious they provide utility Bitcoin can't alone (namely options)?
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:10:28
Good question. It can be confusing.
The first thing to understand is bitcoins are not actually stored in wallets, locally on your PC. Bitcoins are actually stored in the cloud (in a ledger called the block chain).
For this reason, you **don't** need to have any of your devices online for your wallet addresses to receive or hold payments. Indeed, you can create a paper wallet for example, lock it in a bank safe deposit box, and have people send payments to the address(es) it contains all year long with no problem. The balance will grow. You can then remove it from storage (aka cold storage) and import the private key(s) into accepting software (e.g. blockchain.info).
Now, to your question. The reference client Bitcoin-Qt creates a "key pool" of 100 addresses by default. This setting can be changed to thousands etc.,  but by default it's 100. The private keys (the access to spend coins) are stored in a file called wallet.dat. If you back up your wallet.dat soon after first running Bitcoin-Qt it will only have the 100 addresses initially generated. 
To help anonymity every time you do a Send transaction the "change", by design, is sent back to a *different* address from your wallet, taken from the key pool. When the key pool uses an address the software will then create a **new** address. After running through the original key pool new addresses used will **not** be in an earlier backup you did. Therefore any coins sent to the new addresses will not be recoverable from an earlier wallet.dat backup.
Two ways to avoid this: 1) adust the keypool size to say 30,000 addresses to give yourself plenty of transaction room, then back that up, or 2) refresh your backups every 30 transactions or so, to be on the safe side, if you don't increase your keypool.
EDIT: reference thread 
@_date: 2014-11-21 21:10:56
Peter says some weird things. I listened to an interview he did with Peter Schiff and he said something else, I think about capitalism, which sounded strange and which Peter challenged.
Edit: [I found it]( (starting 1:42:00). Peter Thiel said he believes capitalism and competition are antonyms, not synonyms, and in a  world of perfect competition you compete all the profits away, so the goal is a monopoly. Peter Schiff, whom I agree with, disagreed by saying he doesn't think capitalism and competition are antonyms or synonyms but competition is a *part* of capitalism etc. I would add total competition doesn't compete all profits away as not everyone has the same skills, drive, goals etc.  You also don't need a monopoly to make money. Ask any pizza/burger joint.
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:01:49
You're not late. Think of the early Internet. You're coming in about the time Netscape Navigator launched, making the web more usable for the less techy. That's early. Before Google, before Facebook, before MySpace, Twitter and all these very well known things. I'd say less than 10% of the world's population has heard of bitcoin, and less than 3% can accurately describe what it is. Even fewer own it.
Bitcoin needs a LOT. Keep learning. At the least you'll be able to help others, but also you'll see where you can help in ways you're most comfortable. Some people are tech savvy, some marketers, some designers, some visionaries (like Jobs) etc. Bitcoin needs it all, and like anyone positioned in front of a wave there is likely great benefit to be had as things play out.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:11:39


Rand Paul, like Peter Schiff and Warren Buffet doesn't seem to understand that "backing" is not an absolute thing.
For example, the U.S. dollar is no longer backed by gold, yet it quite obviously still has value (for now). People have held gold and seen that value drop (though never to zero). People have held fiat and seen a value drop (see countries like Argentina). No money has yet existed which was absolutely perfect, and that's not what's required to have useful value for a period of time.
Bitcoin *is* the thing that's valuable, and its non-physical nature is what enables its biggest strengths.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:17:37


I don't want you to *tell* me that. I want you to *explain* why or how where I can provably check myself.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:33:58


I mean the sum of all possible XRP in the system. Bitcoin doesn't need such a section, although one could be written, because Bitcoin's entire system is explained and has no missing data. The burden of proof is on Ripple. Surely you see that. It should be easy to provide this since Ripple's system doesn't appear as complicated as Bitcoin (e.g. transaction scripting).
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:49:04
This was great. Taking a macro view it might be said we've went from natural commodity money (gold/silver) to fiat paper money, to now possibly math based money.
Dr. Paul has of course long argued fiat paper money isn't really superior to free market commodity money, although the latter isn't perfect (eg portability). Cryptocurrencies can address problems of each of those and Stephen Macaskill seems a great bridge between the old and new schools, so to speak.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:34:42
Here is a very accessible intro to Elliptic Curve Cryptography. I learned a lot from it. It was given at a Bitcoin Summit by Matt Whitlock: 
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:07:48


Very good :) 
Yes, I think that's right.


Well, it could. It depends on the demand for the sidecoins. Say the sidecoins were used in a new cutting edge stock trading platform. The trading platform, for whatever reason, only accepted sidecoins but became a giant success. That would put upward price pressure on those sidecoins.
The interesting thing is there are two ways to get sidecoins. One is buying them from someone that has them, but another is trading a bitcoin for some. The first case puts upward price pressure on the sidecoin while the second puts upward price pressure on bitcoins by removing them from circulation. At the same time, though, less people using bitcoin means less value, so it would depend upon the market in all regards.
I think price correlation would be close but not exact. It would depend on the innovations happening on the sidechain side versus what was going on with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:56:39
Nice try, but the 1337 balance 2 years ago could be called ledger entry 0. Prior info wouldn't be important. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 17:42:35


Which is superior, the Supreme Court or the U.S. Constitution? I'll give you a hint: The Supreme Court derives its power from the U.S. Constitution, so it should be clear which is superior. There has never been amendment nullifying gold and silver as legal tender, and amending the Constitution is the only way to change it. The federal government's power *also* comes from the Constitution...


It's not illogical or hypocritical for me to call myself your friend yet bang your wife without your permission. See how easy it is to create definitions? Ultimately it's up to *people* what they accept as true.
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:40:47


I didn't say anything about transaction types. You did. I said it explains how **transactions work** and it does.
Anyway I'm getting tired of you giving me the runaround with waffle. I hope anyone reading can see it's endless. I didn't ask for sources for your statements. I said the problem was you giving me statements. I *asked for* a white paper or wiki style explanation of how to verify all XRP in the system. I haven't got that yet.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:37:44
Sukrim, you've done this before. You say one thing, then later contradict yourself.
You said earlier "Everything before 32570 still has happened", but now say "You can throw away all ledgers ..." Then for good measure you throw Bitcoin wording into the conversation as if people can give these systems similar credibility. 
The fact is however Ripple's system works, apparently to check mathematically the total ripples which exist we need ledgers prior to 32570. If not, you (which appear to be a Ripple developer) should explain how it is the total ripples which exist can be checked mathematically by anyone *on their own* with software they write. Ripple should provide this documentation and you'll never have to worry about me again. Bitcoin can provide this easily, for example.
Failure to provide this to me signals intentional obfuscation.
@_date: 2014-11-16 22:30:28
Satoshi's emails to Hal Finney continue to support the individual profile IMO. 
For example, when Bitcoin was released it crashed and Satoshi wrote (from memory) "I'm really dismayed to have it crash after all the stress testing". That sounds like the reaction of an individual. Sure, it could have all been a front, but what an elaborate one it would have to be. You would have to be consistent across many different forms of evidence, and for what? 
Satoshi really seemed to know his stuff when it came to cryptography, which is what I'm most amazed by. The rest is easily believable. I mean he was clearly brilliant, but once you have a certain aptitude in math and programming the rest sort of falls into place (look how fast the devs and even this community got up to speed).
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:33:27


Are you TychoTiberius under another account? I just linked to my earlier debate of that false claim. Where does the Constitution give the federal government power to defy the Constitution?


That's NOT what it says. READ IT. It says states are to make NOTHING EXCEPT gold and coins legal tender. Do you not understand plain English? I'm not going to waste my time discussing pointless claims. As I said in the other thread show where the **Constitution** provides for what you claim. That's all that counts. I can do it with anything I claim. Can you? It seems not.
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:37:59


That's the point. There isn't anything which can't be specialized in and specifically targeted. However, anyone seeking to complete some work task has available to them, in general, the same technology of the day as anyone else. Making ASICs which must simply solve one challenge means the cost-benefit ratio is probably favorable over the entire competitive landscape. It's a different thing, though, when suddenly any ASIC *must* also include hardware (RAM) at a cost which brings down the cost-benefit, because so many potential competitors have that hardware for free (as it's extra/unused).
@_date: 2014-08-27 18:36:46
You say you promote **sound money**. Wouldn't you say for money to be sound the market has to know there is a limited supply and about how much that is, as with gold?
With cryptocurrencies this is possible mathematically, because the full blockchain going to the genesis block is available. However, you say you support Ripple which has a [missing genesis ledger]( According to [Ripple's wiki]( headers contain the total number of Ripples accounted for in each ledger, but how can we know the total amount of Ripples without the Genesis Ledger?
[Ripple tells us]( how many Ripples there are, and apparently we're supposed to trust them and not be able to check for ourselves. Do you consider that to qualify as sound money?
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:15:16
To nitpick I don't know that you can blame the protocol, as its primary function isn't third-party bookkeeping; it's a reliable way to send a unit from A to B, which works.
I don't like the name transaction malleability, because transactions are not malleable. You can't change sender, receiver, amounts or stop transactions. What you can do is modify information from a transaction's broadcast allowing the hash which gets confirmed by the network to be different from what might be expected.
Nobody (of any credibility) ever told anybody to use transaction hashes as absolute reliable references for accounting.  Anybody doing that *assumed* they were, on their own. There were services, like Kraken for example, which didn't even shut down when the large scale malleability attacks began - they obviously didn't make unwise non-researched assumptions.
@_date: 2014-06-04 19:22:41
Wow I just looked over GreenAddress.it. Looks great! I'll have to keep an eye on it.
@_date: 2014-07-04 04:18:09


Not exactly.
Hashes per second to Hashes per second is a direct comparison. Obviously Scrypt is different from SHA256. That's the point. However, hashes per second is far easier to increase on SHA256, as evidenced by those ASICS. From Litecoin ASIC manufacturer [Innosilicon's site]( 


That's a 2X improvement over GPUs for Scrypt. Meanwhile Bitcoin SHA256 ASICS reach 1,000 GH/s while most GPUs are under 1GH/s. That's improvement at **1,000X**.
@_date: 2014-12-14 17:11:16


Not really. Roosevelt issued [Executive Order 6102]( making it illegal to own monetary gold a decade before Bretton Woods. Even today gold coins can't be freely used as currency because they're ironically classified as property meaning capital gains taxes are often due whenever exchanged. (it's ironic because gold/silver coins are the *only* thing the U.S. Constitution says can be legal tender)
@_date: 2014-06-20 00:13:49
I can't see a way around it short of some sort of identity system. The all electronic and anonymous nature of the LBC online transaction, coupled with Bitcoin and the other electronic endpoints (adsense, fraudulent BTC site), let the scammer sit on top and manage everything almost effortlessly.
@_date: 2014-12-18 22:52:42
Cool, learned a bit more about Gates. That was awesome about his high school scheduling job lol. "So in my school there were 80% boys and 20% girls, but in my classes there were all girls." ;D
@_date: 2014-09-20 23:27:53
Just to clarify, BashCo is correct in the explanation for not reusing public addresses (helps with privacy), but there is no *technical* reason you can't reuse an address. 
In fact, doing so is part of a coin security/storage technique as follows:
1. Create the address(es) you want to store coins on
2. Store paper copies of the private key(s) in a bank safety deposit box, and somewhere else (like another safety deposit box or a home safe, but [be careful with that]( )
3. Have any number of payments sent to the public address(es) created in step one, while not having to remove anything from the safe storage places :)
@_date: 2014-05-01 15:55:47
You probably want to take a look at the following links:
It's true SSD has more of a "burn out" type life cycle as a trade off for faster data access. However, technology follows usage. If there remains demand for hardware with more enduring r/w cycles then that's what we'll see on the market. Really, what you're suggesting is similar to worrying about how much it costs in vehicle maintenance to help someone thumbing for a ride. Vehicles are *meant* to be driven.
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:15:37
I'm opposed to naked short selling but a true free market will weed that out.
What naked short selling allows to happen is put another way: extended risk.
Any exchange that offers this option is simply allowing extended risk. Of course if/when those shorts fail to be covered it's the exchange that is in the red, if it can't collect from those user accounts.
As long as people pull their coins out of exchanges regularly (which would have helped the Gox case) financially weak exchanges will crumble in short order (what happened to Gox). The reason naked shorts are such a problem in our current financial system is entities can become "too big to fail" meaning they stop caring about risk, since they expect bail outs in a worst case.
Exchanges that offer verifiable proof of reserves will probably gain more traction in the free market because of this.
@_date: 2014-08-20 23:55:41


*Asserting that progress in bringing an end to U.S. involvement in the war in Vietnam meant that it was time for Americans to turn their minds to the challenges of a post-Vietnam world, Nixon identified a three-fold task: We must create more and better jobs; we must stop the rise in the cost of living; we must protect the dollar from the attacks of international money speculators. To achieve the first two goals, he proposed tax cuts and a 90-day freeze on prices and wages; to achieve the third, Nixon directed the suspension of the dollars convertibility into gold.*
Definition of suspend: temporarily prevent from continuing or being in force or effect.
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:48:36
First, you have to define deflationary. That's where some confusion comes in. So-called "expert" economists (like Paul Krugman whom I disagree with on most everything) talk about deflation in relation to falling prices, but that's not the simplest way to think of it (because other factors can make prices fall).
The best, or simplest way to think of deflation is the ratio of number of currency units available to number of people using it. For example, in a game of Monopoly the "fake" money is fixed, doesn't change. You only have what's included. If more people join the game, and this happened to me before, you can experience deflation. We had so many people wanting to play we ran out of bills to start everyone out with since we needed to keep some in the "bank". In our game everyone was rich so to speak because everyone had about the same purchasing power. Now if more people joined our game they would by default be poorer because there wouldn't be enough money for them to hold. To them the cost of everything in this game would be expensive. If even *more* people joined they would be poorer than the first and second set of people. The original money holders would feel very rich indeed. That's an easy way to think of deflation. The money you hold keeps its purchasing power because no more is created while more people may join the game.
The opposite of deflation is inflation. Imagine everyone that joined the game above came from their house where they had their *own* Monopoly set, and not only did they bring a fraction of that money, but they put its *entire* bank in their pocket. What would that do to the first players of the original game? Of course it would make them feel poorer overall because the amount of currency they held would be low compared to others. Prices in that game would be high relatively speaking because of all the money floating around. Make sense?
The funny thing is a Monopoly game and the real world work similarly. Bitcoin has only 21 million units available to a potential global user (or player) base of over 7 billion. That certainly would seem to fit the definition of deflationary as I described ;)
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:18:42
It makes sense. If one realized they had the email equivalent of money and wanted to ensure people became interested in it, why not start building out the most obvious use cases for it?
@_date: 2014-12-18 01:40:15


You have no possible way of knowing that. It could be that 100% of miners sell 100% as soon as they can. I agree with you it's likely some miners hold onto coins, but we don't know what percentage do and what percentage is held. We do know miners have very real world cash costs to continue mining. 
Regardless to whether miners sell bitcoin directly for cash or use bitcoins to purchase goods and services, which then get sold for cash, the affect is the same. Over 3,500 whole bitcoins spring into existence every single day. It was once over 7,000, every day. These coins, on average, put downward pressure on the price. The only way it doesn't is either the miners hoard them all, eating the cost of mining themselves, or new money enters the system as I said. Either way, those coins *must* be accounted for, and at $350 per coin that's $1.2M of value *somebody* is ponying up daily to keep the price from declining.
Edit: oh, and happy cake day :)
@_date: 2014-06-23 05:35:31


The Constitution doesn't say "no state shall establish money other than gold or silver coin". You said that. The Constitution does, however, say no state shall coin money.
The Constitution also says *separately* no state shall make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debt (i.e. legal tender to discharge debt). I agree the door is open for the federal government to issue paper based money, but the states can't make that legal tender for debt, because it's not gold or silver coin.
@_date: 2014-02-01 20:13:51
I logged in just to vote that up.
@_date: 2014-12-04 22:53:37
I've been on both ends, merchant and consumer. Long before Bitcoin I was operating almost cashless. You're right that swiping cards is super convenient, no messy dirty change to deal with, fast etc. However, being quite mathematical I quickly realized it was silly to put all purchases on credit cards and loved it when debit cards with Visa etc logos showed up. Banks like BofA wanted to start charging people to use *their own* money via debit cards [until they met huge backlash](


Call me old-fashioned but I feel merchants give consumers incentive with their offerings, not way they pay. All the chargebacks, fraud protection etc does get charged to the end consumer in one way or another, if only through higher prices. Nothing is free. 
As for any bad Bitcoin experiences please remember how new Bitcoin is, and trying to work out kinks. Credit cards have been around decades yet still stress people out with fraud and ruined credit reports etc.
@_date: 2014-08-26 20:01:17
Good point.


Yeah, I think with FinCEN it's as simple as signing up on their website.
@_date: 2014-11-04 20:05:23


I don't think that's correct, because not every transfer needs happen on the blockchain, and indeed doesn't today. I expect off-chain transactions to only increase as Bitcoin continues. However, even with global transactions happening on the blockchain, Gavin's [Scalability Roadmap]( for example, shows how it's possible.


Yes, OpenSSL is used to secure valuable things, but Bitcoin *is* the valuable thing. It warrants completely different consideration.
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:21:10
Just to clarify these answers a bit for anyone new:
1. Correct. Bitcoin is legal in the U.S. There was even a Bitcoin ATM [set up on Capitol Hill] (
2. I also recommend [Coinbase.com](
3. [Overstock.com]( [TigerDirect.com]( [Gyft]( [Coinmap.org]( are examples
4. All you need to start is a wallet to hold coins, and most are free to use. See [here]( I recommend [Blockchain.info]( to get started.
5. You might find this helpful: 
@_date: 2014-07-29 17:48:09


Right there you've showed me a lot. First, popularity doesn't always mean workable or best. Slavery was popular in America once too. Second, you've generalized 'fear of government' as if it's a static thing. It's the same mistake (IMO) President Obama made with some of his actions like power to assassinate Americans without due process, claiming propriety because he wouldn't actually use the power, as if he'd always be president... Third, and you again seem to miss the component of time, it's not always a matter of a one-to-one confrontation with respect to war; it's often ability to have the fight drag on long enough, via tactics like guerrilla warfare, to weaken the opposition other ways, like financially and politically (see Iraq).
@_date: 2014-09-21 18:14:20


Yes, it can be that too. If you don't need the coins right away, consider placing a "cash out" or "I'll buy your coins for spot -1%" type ad on Localbitcoins.com. There are people who buy low and sell high on LBC all the time. Meet the seller in person (Starbucks etc.) and you may even buy at discount.
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:09:01


There is a LOT to learn about Bitcoin. I've been here years and there are things I'm not expert at. I think the best possible thing is to start with small amounts where if you screw up it's no big deal. Create a wallet at blockchain.info and play around a bit. For high security amounts see the [answer I gave a while ago](
For what is bitcoin see here: 
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:50:18


So let me get this straight. 
You're saying the Constitution (which creates the federal government, by the way), simply lists a particular mandate. BUT it only does that for show, because really, the federal government can overrule it. Do I have that right?
In other words if the Constitution says afternoon shall start at 12PM, but only if the federal government doesn't overrule that. Or states can't make anything except gold and silver coins legal tender, but only if the federal government doesn't overrule that. 
@_date: 2014-08-28 19:56:22


If you were to do that would you always find a sum of 100,000,000,000  XRP - the amount of Ripples in existence listed at  ?
@_date: 2014-06-20 08:33:30
You still need to trust the person you're communicating with, though. The problem is selling usually occurs between strangers. As long as you, as a seller, can't see me and know I'm trustworthy the secure communication only means you're securely communicating with a scammer, unfortunately.
@_date: 2014-11-09 23:25:19


I don't know how you figure you can make that statement.
The fact is a determined attacker can fairly easily double spend a zero confirmation transaction. A determined attacker would find it exceedingly difficult and improbable to double spend a 1 confirmation transaction. The more confirmations, the more improbable, and after 6 it's essentially impossible under normal network conditions.
If it became common practice to use zero confirmations I'm fairly certain you'd see a rise in double spends, at least for decent sized transactions.
@_date: 2014-11-22 01:12:18
Yes, I agree and it's also less discouraging for profits to trend toward zero when the economy runs on sound money, rather than money brought into existence [without much discretion at all](
Say gold was the standard and on average each person had 1 ounce, but business profits in a highly competitive environment were typically 1/2 ounce per year or even lower. That's still enough to make business owners that compete for any profit at all wealthier than everyone else on average who does nothing (takes no risk), so long as being in business can produce better returns than working for salary on average.
It's only when so much money is printed (and big government programs financed) that *everyone* has it making all of it worth not much at all that low profits seem so lackluster. OTOH when money is very scarce, when people recognize the real value in having it because so many who otherwise don't deserve it don't have it, profits, even low ones, stand out.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:05:57


Good question. The problem is one of information and propaganda. Interests looking to subvert a free country's government can be quite clever - and patient. You don't take away people's gun rights suddenly, and noticeably, because then you'll get obvious resistance and your motives will be exposed. Instead you, how shall I say, try brain washing the population into banning their own guns, getting them to take away their own rights. How? Lots of tricks can be used. Any gun violence (real or staged) serves to show people that guns can be dangerous. If you think I'm off base, consider the purpose of this very thread. The website is trying to re-establish gun rights *taken away* in California, rights the Constitution already supposedly establishes in the 2nd Amendment.
So it's not about carrying a gun on Monday, but keeping it in your house other days. The point is people should feel like they are FREE to carry guns any time, and to prove that, they should actually practice it. The power is in the FREEDOM to carry the gun, not actually the carrying of it. That's the confusing part.


Yes, exactly.


Yep. You said it yourself (the lacking part). Guns and violence are not the first resort, they are the last. However, guns need to be there as the last, because relying on media etc. alone may not be enough, again, as you yourself point out.


It could have, but there is another element, which is education. Having guns alone isn't enough. You have to have people who *know* what they are trying to achieve politically with any violent acts. In Egypt they didn't have that. 
The first uprising was to depose Hosni Mubarak (who threatened to run through a city with tanks killing thousands). US President Obama basically told Mubarak to leave (he was essentially a US puppet).  So, instead of Egyptians establishing a free government along the lines of the original American one, they got Morsi, another US puppet, and they were right back where they started being ruled by a tyrant, so violence continued. I think Morsi is gone now too, and I've lost track of what's happening there. The point is, without a clear rule of law establishing a free socity - like the original American one under the Constitution - any uprisings do little good, as the old government is simply handed over to different tyrant rulers.
@_date: 2014-04-14 20:59:49


I disagree. Bitcoin doesn't have 21 trillion *whole* units. Bitcoin may have trillions of fractional units, even zillions of fractional units are possible, but that doesn't matter so long as the fractions add up to only the whole. Another way to think of it is in terms of US dollars. The penny is the smallest physical unit of one dollar, but you can trade fractions of pennies too, for example on exchanges like BTC-E. So there is such a thing as zillions of fractional dollars in existence now, but only trillions of whole dollars.


Your statement isn't complete. The problem with what you're saying is it doesn't take into account the ratio of whole units available to number of people using those units. For example, if there was only 1 bitcoin then how could miners be compensated all this time? Bitcoin would have been over day 1 because only 1 bitcoin was available. The reason the definition of "1 whole bitcoin" is *not* arbitrary is because it's the number of *those* which give people something to relate a price to. The first real world bitcoin purchase was about 10,000 bitcoins for 1 pizza. Why wasn't it 1 bitcoin for 1 pizza? That's more than enough now! The reason is because back then the concept of "1 whole bitcoin" meant something in relation to how many people had some number of whole bitcoins. Back then on average maybe hundreds of people each had many thousands of bitcoins, so the pizza purchaser figured about $10 worth of bitcoins should be roughly around 10,000 of them, since he probably had way more than that. Yes, what you're saying about fractions of 1 total bitcoin in the world is true, it could work, but that would have changed *everything* from day one -- mining rewards, how much that first pizza was bought for (which is price discovery), and everything that was based on those prices thereafter. That's why the *concept* of what constitutes one whole unit matters.
**tl;dr:** what you're saying is not complete (and therefore I term incorrect) because not all *fractions* of units are valued the same.
@_date: 2014-12-22 00:30:27
The final implementation details haven't been worked out. That's actually the easy part. It's far harder to figure out what is best to do (because no solution is perfect/will please everyone), then get the consensus to get it done. I think we're at step one. We've got a workable plan. 
Next is step two, implementing the plan community wide. That's tricky because the technical side must be right (what Gavin and core devs are hard at work on), and then actual community participants must take supportive action.
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:52:56


All any economy needs to "run" is people willing to trade goods and services, and they can do that without using money at all but with barter. It just wouldn't be very efficient. Adding money into the mix improves efficiency greatly, and the portability of that money improves effectiveness further. Portability is in fact why paper won out over metal in the marketplace. The problem is adopting paper meant losing the natural limiting aspects of precious metal.
However, cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin can solve that problem as they are *extremely* portable, more so than paper in fact (they can be sent globally, in seconds, with the push of a button). Yet they can retain the limiting aspect of gold. So I think a hybrid mix of the two could see a very prosperous modern economy indeed.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:01:51
Watch the first 40 seconds of this video (or the whole thing to better make my point):
This is how *average* people interact with technology/bitcoin. Most people here are not average people; we're early adopters.
@_date: 2014-09-19 20:42:15


Yeah, anti-government protests ARE an emergency - for the government...
@_date: 2014-12-03 22:35:44
They'll probably reword their definition to be stricter trying to squeeze out cryptocurrencies :)
The problem is they still need to allow normal businesses to issue "tokens" should they want to. What's happening is [it's not about money laundering]( Regulators are really trying to protect entrenched special interests and banks, but at the same time pander to the voting public which elects them. The flexible nature of digital assets is making it hard for them to keep up the charade :D
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:06:09
Upvoted. It's not that jgarzik is wrong, but I think you're also right. I think there is a huge disconnect between logical thinking devs, who do valuable work and expect to logically be compensated for it, since people should logically realize this value given freely and donate, and user experience and expectation in reality.
I'm not sure the answer, but I think your description goes in the right direction. Devs too often under appreciate the nuanced social side of projects.
edit: I disagree with your last sentence, though. I don't think a concerted effort at dev compensation is a bad thing.
@_date: 2014-08-24 15:03:51
That can be misleading as there is a *huge* difference. When banks issued banknotes, if they engaged in fractional reserve and couldn't actually produce a commodity (gold) to the bearer on demand any rumor to that effect would produce a bank run and quickly put an end to the system (and possibly banker lives).
On the other hand a central bank has the backing of government, so when they default (e.g. the US in 1971) the system may not end, since the government still exists and has a monopoly on force at the end of the day. In this way value given to currency issued by a central bank isn't subject to free market valuation the way independent bank's notes would be. A central bank issuing toilet paper with a government mandating taxes paid in that special paper would give value to the toilet paper above what the free market would give it.
@_date: 2014-06-16 01:21:37
You weren't naive, you just got conned. This technically wasn't a phishing attempt, which usually takes the form of a (fraudulent) entity posing as official to try to acquire sensitive info, like passwords.
The word con comes from 'confidence', and is actually a sort of art. There was a movie I can't remember the name of which taught me a lot about it. The success and score size for the attacker depends on how much confidence he can gain from the target, which is then exploited to the con artist's advantage. There are short cons, like strangers pretending to need help, and long cons for bigger scores. The digital age of electronic identity and communication obviously adds a new dynamic to this, but the common thread is the personal and psychological dynamic. 
@_date: 2014-10-25 23:14:10
With everything going on with tech these days, and now cryptocurrency on top of it there is no shortage of demand for competent developers. Devs who really are competent, and therefore can choose their terms of work, are generally in short supply ratio-wise. Many are choosing to simply work on their own ventures, even [leaving high paying secure jobs]( to do it.
It might be better to submit a post titled "Is X enough incentive to attract competent devs?"
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:14:22
The trust issue goes BOTH ways. Neither party knows the intent of the other. The idea is to give NEITHER side any advantage, while making it as difficult as possible for a dishonest trader to escape successfully.
If you want to bring a buddy for safety inform the other party and encourage them to do so as well. The more the merrier! :)
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:39:26


Either that is important or it's not. Period. You can't have it both ways.
You can't say we can't treat it as ledger 0, but that's irrelevant. If Ripple's model *depends* on information from prior ledgers then to trust it we *need* that information. Otherwise you come back with the following answer: "just run this software command" which of course works because I'm guessing the hashes will compute, whatever Ripple's model is, or "check for yourself, but only from ledger 32570, thanks."
Anyway, I don't want to derail this thread further.
@_date: 2014-12-21 23:39:33


I hope Gavin doesn't mind me answering, but a number of us who have been in the community a long time and/or have a good understanding of this issue have already debated this issue along with Gavin, and come to good consensus on adopting his plan. 
If Gavin hasn't announced time tables it's only because he's hard at work trying to ensure the technical side is ready, not because he's unsure what to do.
@_date: 2014-09-26 15:55:09
The IRS and FINCEN are part of the *same* government entity, at the same level (federal).
What you're suggesting is having a cake and eating it too. Why define anything then if you can pick and choose? Why can't people, for the purposes of employment, receive a paycheck to use as income, but for government purposes define their activity as volunteering their labor, with a coincidental receipt of charity (a paycheck)? (I'll tell you why ... people don't have teams wielding guns and jails)
@_date: 2014-12-21 18:58:19


They can if they're unconstitutional. That's called nullification. Both state and federal are supposed to be in line with the Constitution. Federal laws can't overrule the Constitution.
You completely lost me on the rest. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 18:00:25
It depends what you want to do. I'm glad the top voted comment mentions this because people too often love getting into language wars.
Really programming languages are simply tools, some better than others depending on the job, and preference of the user. Good and bad coders can use any.
If you want two what I'd call middle of the road languages meaning they'll certainly be useful, even if not perfect, I'd say C++ and Python. If you can do either or both of these you'll have certain value in not just the Bitcoin ecosystem, but the software and startup world as well.
I'd call the "best" language, if there can be such a thing, C. if you learn that, you'll have a very powerful tool for creating the most basic and critical of applications.
If you want something fast, fun and easy, yet powerful, for getting websites up and running it's got to be PHP. Purist programmers bash it because it was never intended to be a real commercial programming language, but it has undoubtedly been proven useful and effective.
Also if you're doing any web development you'll undoubtedly need Javascript.
@_date: 2014-10-01 16:54:43
I agree with sheppy52. Why experiment? Is the goal to do something new or promote Bitcoin? If the latter I'd use a more tried and true method, the community won't mind I'm pretty sure.
Here is what I'd do:
First, take charge of this project. You already fit that role by starting this. The community will probably gladly go along with that. The only thing I'd say is to be as transparent or communicative as you can. Taking a small fee is fine too IMO, because people understand they get what they pay for. Anybody's time is valuable. It's fine to volunteer, but it's also not hard for people to understand anyone may focus better on a project/task if other financial concerns are allayed. Just be sensible open and gracious; this might be a more appreciated route for all involved, and crowdfunding is usually easy on participants.
Next, solicit feedback and take votes. For example, your first task might be selecting the skit. I liked the one about laughing bankers taking a cut, for example. Hold a vote on all submitted ideas, and let the top voted one be the one we go with. 
Ask for ideas on how do handle different things, like casting, getting airtime, etc. On anything where an obvious route isn't apparent hold a vote or make an executive decision. By doing things this way a project can form and be executed with good speed, and good quality. It still takes on a crowd-sourced approach, too, by using feedback, suggestions, votes, and volunteers for tasks where useful and smart. 
Keep it simple to start. Don't over build. You have a good simple idea, which has gotten a great positive response. Keep it that way, sticking to producing a simple, good commercial and getting airtime/exposure. See how good we can do by keeping things simple. Then learn and possibly execute again with bigger/better/other ideas.
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:26:38
I won't weigh in on the rest of this thread, but regarding  I believe Peter Todd was absolutely justified in taking his actions. While I actually disagree with him* on the block size debate, I agree this entire project is inherently political due to it being decentralized.
Regarding treechains, I don't believe they can work as value can't be moved with sufficient consensus. That's my view after preliminary consideration, based mostly on Peter's explanation of them on a LTB episode.
*the block size debate if far too complicated for a tiny comment space; I'm not completely opposed to Peter's concern over size increase, only his insistence safe possibilities for size increase are not sufficient.
@_date: 2014-05-07 02:46:18
Not really. Andrew Jackson was against a national "monster" bank:
You should check out this video, Money Masters, which has made the rounds on the Internet: 
@_date: 2014-08-20 18:06:15
For something funny consider gold. 
According to the U.S. Constitution, which is *supposed* to be the highest law in the land, states can only make gold and silver legal tender. Yet, if you buy gold coins from a shop and they are suddenly worth enough to say buy a house, due to an increase in value of gold, you would owe capital gains tax on the increased gold value, because gold is *not* considered money. Imagine that.
@_date: 2014-11-12 19:47:52
Actually inflation is only  an increase in the money supply. Rising (or falling) prices are the result of an expanding (or contracting) supply.
However, I'd add one thing to that definition which I believe crucial: inflation is an increase in the money supply *relative to the number of people using it*.  People I've seen talk about money seem to omit that. Bitcoin is certainly designed to be inflationary for many years, but that doesn't mean the people who use it will never experience the opposite of inflation, deflation (greater numbers of people using than supply covers).
@_date: 2014-11-13 04:34:15


I was trying to suggest the presence of whole articles about something isn't indicative of accuracy.


I agree, and who decides what is most commonly meant? Anyone? Of course that has historically been the job of dictionaries, since they generally adhere to publishing standards and a process for obtaining definitions (as opposed to being a "wiki" or blog etc).
Let's see what Merriam-Webster (online) has to say:
*a continuing rise in the general price level usually attributed to an increase in the volume of money and credit relative to available goods and services*
I believe that definition is incorrect, or misleading at best, because it says inflation is a continuing rise in general price level. It tacks on "usually attributed to" an increase in money etc., but I'm saying the *money expansion* is the inflation. If it's price level why mention money volume at all? If a town has apple and orange prices at a certain level, but due to several years of pests or drought which wipes out 80% of the usual harvest, resulting in rising prices is that also inflation? Since prices rose? See the difference?
Let's try another, from dictionary.reference.com:
*a persistent, substantial rise in the general level of prices related to an increase in the volume of money and resulting in the loss of value of currency*
This is closer, but they still fail IMO, because they still lead with a rise in prices, which again could be due to some other factor than money as my orange harvest example shows.
So how about this: inflation is a word commonly used *incorrectly* with regard to economics and money, though this error has also been transferred to dictionaries and online encyclopedias.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:35:10


If he wanted to say you need bitcoins to use the bitcoin network (you think?), just say you need bitcoins. His talking about slots on the general ledger gives the wrong impression of what happens. The general ledger isn't limited to 21 million slots or transactions. To participate in the network the only space or 'slot' you need is a freely available wallet address, which can be used to *transact* the finite number of bitcoins an unlimited number of times.
@_date: 2014-11-10 16:14:18
Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:07:09
So getting a license then grants license to launder money for drug cartels and terrorists with no worry of criminal charges?
@_date: 2014-06-19 23:24:26
You know the best part of that article?


So, let me get this straight. Banks nearly blow up the financial system becoming bankrupt from gambling on risky investments, and get bailed out without a slap on the wrist. This guy lets his account get in arrears for less than 2K **pays it back** and is then treated like a 5 year old.
@_date: 2014-09-03 16:53:53
I think you still don't get what I'm trying to say. I don't know of the specific statements you bring up, but I believe it's completely possible to be against external software versions at one stage of project evolution and in favor of them at another. I wouldn't call that being wrong. Rather, I'd call that choosing viability of the project first and foremost, before looking to be staunchly idealistic to everyone's possible detriment.
@_date: 2014-11-27 17:41:11




No it cant. The reason is the federal government cannot **trump** the Constitution. The Constitution is the highest law in the land. The Constitution says quite clearly what states must make legal tender. There is only one way to change that, which is to amend the Constitution.


Yes, I agree, and in that list is the power to coin money. That means Congress can legally make coins. If those coins are *also* gold and silver, then the states can make them legal tender too. That's how it goes.


No it can't. Yes, the federal government can make a fiat currency. (I could technically dispute that with the 10th Amendment - powers not listed are reserved to states or people, but for the sake of brevity I'll concede it can) The part where you go off the track is saying the federal government can *authorize* that fiat currency to be legal tender for states. Where does it get that power? Again, the Constitution clearly says what the states are to do. It also says any powers it doesn't give the federal government, and are not prohibited, are reserved to the states or people, i.e., the federal government doesn't have them.
Forget the BEP debate. If you can't get the above nothing else matters.
@_date: 2014-04-28 10:05:06
The miner which solves the block first gets to determine which valid transactions to include in it and their order. That's purely up to that miner. However, which miner solves a block at any given time is random, although the probability of solving a block first is stronger the more hash power a miner (or group of miners) has.
Some miners will include transactions without any fee for different reasons. However, there are anti-spam rules on the network which give priority to transactions with decent fees, preventing malicious users from spamming the network with low value transactions simply because it costs nothing.
@_date: 2014-11-02 18:02:38
There is nothing tinfoil hat about inflation. The Federal Reserve will openly acknowledge it, except they cast it as something desirable.
@_date: 2014-09-08 03:16:53


The bottom line is there is always a minority of elite compared to the majority.
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:50:14
The original paper is here: 
Search results at bitcointalk.org should also return a lot of information. This is also known as a block-withholding attack. There are variations.
I don't see that being so much a problem for a service like Factom as rewritten blocks shouldn't likely be much more than six deep or so (depends on percentage of controlled hash power). Improvements to network latency like Gavin's work on invertible bloom filters should further reduce the effectiveness of this attack vector. Meta companies with more time sensitive events, like a meta-stock exchange, for example, could be more severely impacted as value could be transferred before problems were detected or resolved.
A break in SHA-256 could theoretically allow a chain rewrite of more arbitrary length.
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:53:49


States have rights *after* the Constitution. The 10th Amendment doesn't say states have the right to do whatever they want. It says they have rights which are not in conflict with the Constitution. In other words no state can nullify the 2nd Amendment because they decide to on a whim.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:52:12
Think of it this way: say Bitcoin was limited to the US, population 300M. Also imagine there was only 100 bitcoins with 1 new coin produced each year.
Clearly users of Bitcoin would expect to experience deflation (stable or increasing purchase power) because the ratio of currency units versus people having them is highly in favor of holders. That's even though coins continue to be created for 100 years. Inflation isn't only about newly available supply. It's about *proportion of users to that supply*.
@_date: 2014-08-18 19:43:34
There is no pleasing people.
When the price goes higher people complain: 600 dollars!!! For ONE?!? That's too expensive.
But I was around when people complained: 7 dollars!!! Why can't I buy coins for 50 cents like all those *other* people?!?
When the price experiences a crash people yell: What happened to the PRICE?!? It's so LOW! Do you know how much I've lost?!? 
Then on stability...
When the price hardly moves over several weeks people complain: Bitcoin is so *boring*.  Why doesn't the price keep increasing?!? So I can make money! Haha - or crash so I can pickup cheap coins!
When there are price swings people say it's soo volatile!!! How are people supposed to manage this?
The truth is Bitcoin at this stage is such a small market there are many prices it will experience. People need to reassess what they hold bitcoin for and understand their expectations and present day timing are not necessarily in sync, then adjust their holding and buy/sell patterns accordingly.
@_date: 2014-08-25 17:45:34


But it could be more evidence of banker greed trumping consumer interests:
*But Wack says there were signs that the proposal was torpedoed by large banks looking to protect fees from wire transfers.*
@_date: 2014-09-05 19:08:18
To any bank? I'd doubt it. Also, how much [does it cost](
@_date: 2014-09-03 01:49:31
Well, I'm walking on the line because I don't know the discussion you're referring to. 
I'm only trying to help with possible perspective, because I do know software development, and have read history on lots of technology we see today, out of interest.
One thing I would point out, though, is Bitcoin's uniqueness of function. Remember, anything the core devs were/are doing was/is shadowed by a *real world* economy being built on top of it in real-time, one which has grown to be worth billions. Hindsight is 20/20 with most anything but to say this should have been that and I would have done X better is perhaps a bit easy from the stands (remember most or all of them were/are unpaid, volunteering their skills). 
@_date: 2014-12-22 20:38:04
I think you have a misunderstanding of my concern. It's not with hash comparison. I don't see a problem there. It's with the referee or arbitration portion.
The value which Bitcoin provides, other than currency (as the first app as people call it), is providing a record of history without the need for a third party. To this point third parties (like notaries) were needed because people can lie about history. This of course matters with things like title or items more temporarily held like money or stock certificate ownership. 
We hear about promising new services intending to be based on this decentralized, essentially free, arbitration. The problem I'm pointing out is the agreed upon version of history everyone is so excited about is not necessarily a permanent service or solid at the edges. Yes, things become more solid the deeper in the blockchain you go, but if real world events are based on things being finalized and arbitrated real-time as Bitcoin's blockchain extends that's where problems can occur, because that can be disrupted. Bitcoin's thousands of nodes don't store every version of history they hear about, and they rewrite their history when any longer valid chain is presented - including one which removes the transactions of record keeping services. That's what I mean.


No, I don't see how that's possible :)
@_date: 2014-05-01 16:19:23
But it will become cheaper. Historically, technology becomes more capable, widespread and cheaper over time.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:54:07
There are two differences I see (concerning bloodshed). First, as I point out, the dollar system is falling apart on its own. 
Early on it might have seemed a solid argument to shore up US economic and geopolitical interests worldwide at any cost, including for example out right lies and invasion of Iraq. The US elected President Obama largely to end that war. The march toward occupation of key spots in the Middle East - Iraq, Syria, Iran... - seemed to come at too high a cost of violence and possible blowback (the cause of 9/11). In other words the country turned away from violent global conquest, by vote, essentially. Yet global conquest is what's needed to prop up a currency with essentially unlimited inflation. So my point is, bloodshed has already been voted down.
Second, troops were dispatched externally to advance the issue above. It's quite another thing to dispatch troops (or policing agents) *internally*. It could be argued US interests were being protected in the first case, but whom is really being protected in the second?
@_date: 2014-05-01 16:01:32
To mine valid blocks you must know what the longest valid block chain is. That means if you're mining on your own you need to run a full node. However, the actual process of mining itself only requires knowing the last valid block's header, which is what gets hashed. So, for example, if mining in a pool you don't need to keep the full block chain yourself. You can just receive the headers. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:40:20


I think you don't understand how multi-sig works. The point of it is there isn't any single point of failure.
I believe you think if any of the "3-4 safe places" is compromised you lose coins. That's not how it works. With multi-sig it takes *at least* two different keys, meaning if one of your safe places is compromised nothing happens. It's unlikely a thief would breach more than one of your safe places, if they were fairly safe, which is why multi-sig is so secure. You can specify how many safe places (different keys) must be combined to authorize any transaction. One safe place can be a company (like Coinkite) requiring 2 factor authentication to log in. The possibilities are fantastic, leading to great potential security.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:26:10
Cool :)
While I can't be certain about Bitcoin 1.0 (who can?) I am a lot more confident cryptocurrrencies in some form are here to stay. If Factom's records can move around to any existing chain as needed that seems much more workable.
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:50:28


Just... Yes. No court case decision is an **amendment** to the U.S. Constitution, which is the only way to change it. Article One Section 10: No state shall make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;


I'm not necessarily opposed to the idea of capital gains tax.


What's the legal basis for Federal Reserve Notes as legal tender? (see above)


Which is backwards, since gold/silver is actually legal tender which shouldn't be subject to capital gains taxes.
@_date: 2014-11-05 22:45:34
For all of the options I gave you control of the private keys. The problem with trusting a third party like MtGox is they controlled the private keys, and were irresponsible. 
Coinbase also controls private keys by default, but that's why I like their new multi-sig vault option. You still rely on Coinbase to continuously provide secure code for generating the private keys, though. That's an area of concern with any private key generating software, but is probably the most diminished with something like the original Bitcoin client, Armory, and Bitcoin Trezor, because these are all open source, subject to scrutiny and not likely to often change.
@_date: 2014-12-23 00:54:17


That could be problematic too. That's why I mentioned foreseeing the break coming. It would be worse to be caught off guard. These problems intensify the bigger Bitcoin gets. Eventually it may support inter-bank transactions.


Not exactly. It's the chip that's worthless. The rest of the infrastructure, cooling, cables, housing, etc. can be re-used. This may also affect their vote, for instance, to move to Scrypt for example, where existing miners may have a RAM advantage.
When Bitcoin was small it was very maneuverable and simple. In fact there was a huge bug in the code which was solved in short order, where the community was hardly aware of the upgraded change. The later accidental hard fork which occurred caused some mayhem and lost money too, and that was still early days. As we grow the stakes only get higher, especially when we're talking not only about Bitcoin, but extended services based on it.
@_date: 2014-11-27 00:58:22


Maybe it's because the people I'm in discourse with do?
"The unfortunate outcome of all this is, of course, also clear: The federal government slowly ..."


That's debatable. I'd argue that is what enabled our gradual slide away from constitutional natural money in the first place. The Constitution does NOT say paper, it says **coin**. 
Here is the definition for coin: 
a flat, typically round piece of metal with an official stamp, used as money.
make (coins) by stamping metal.
What good is an "explicit guarantee" if that guarantee isn't honored? Again, have you tried to redeem a silver certificate lately?
@_date: 2014-08-07 02:26:50
Regarding your edit a couple things...
First, I'm guessing you know about logging in using a wallet address [without revealing your private key]( It seems, for some reason, you want users to leave *actual* balance containing private keys on your server. Bad idea? Yeah, probably. You're asking for trouble. Nothing, I repeat nothing, is 100% secure. Apparently your business model depends on playing with fire, though.
Second, you may want to get some input on your actual idea. You might get talked out of it before sinking more commitment/resources in. Believe me, I'm familiar with the whole startup/protect-the-precious-secret mentality. It's fine, but really an idea is just that: an idea. It's not where the value is. The real value is in *execution* of an idea, and not everyone does that the same; that's what really separates entrepreneurs. If you're really the best and most passionate about executing your idea then you'd probably win even with the idea public. Your choice, of course. My 2 bits.
@_date: 2014-11-24 00:14:49
Things like multi-signature wallets and hardware wallets are making this easier. Bitcoin is now like the early internet, and it will take time to make things more simple for non-techies.
@_date: 2014-10-06 15:41:09


I wrote [this post]( about it which seems to get a lot of downvotes whenever I mention it. What people want and expect to happen, and what will actually happen are two different things I believe. 
The tl;dr answer is a) [people tend to overestimate technology in the short run but wildly underestimate it in the long run]( and b) bitcoin is heavily inflationary early on by design
People fixate on Bitcoin's price, but there is another more interesting dynamic which is its inflation. If Bitcoin was exactly as it was, but was at best only ever used by ten people how much value could it have? Not much, obviously. Success in Bitcoin isn't obtaining a three or four digit price point, it's obtaining a very broad user base, and doing that requires wide (and perceived to be fair) distribution. That's what keeps the price down. 
At some point, however, things will flip. The units available to the market will not keep pace with the market expanding, possibly (and probably) by orders of magnitude. That's when the price itself will become more spectacular, which will lead to more news and attention, leading to more spectacular pricing still. The thing is, though, this won't happen in a nice orderly predictable manner, as people seem to expect. What I believe will happen, and seems to be happening now, is the market will seek fair value (which I think we're near now) for Bitcoin's price, until the market is compelled to reassess the situation. This could be the winter you mention, for example, or something else causing extreme upward pricing pressure like reaching the tipping point above.
@_date: 2014-12-16 03:24:59


That's why I said the user stores one key permanently offline as backup. That way coins can be moved without the company. 
The benefit of doing things this way means for normal operation, even if a user's device picks up a virus or something bad happens at their company nothing happens to coins. This is because it takes both sides to authorize any transaction. However, in a situation where a user must move coins on their own they can by using their offline backup key.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:08:46


Incorrect. Start with a premise, the ratio of rich to poor people. Which group is larger? Of course the ratio is exceedingly top heavy on poor with a minority of the rich. Inflation means *increasing* prices. When things generally become more expensive do people buy more or less of them? For the rich price isn't so much a factor, but remember they are the minority.
The majority of the U.S. economy is consumer spending, but that's not due to an inflationary currency. It's due to a debt based economy. If people *couldn't go into debt*, and had to pay in full for the majority of things they consumed, yet those things generally rose in price, would this be consumption encouraging or not? Obviously not.
As for business startups in a functioning free market demand will be met one way or another, even if prices have to keep rising until it's finally worthwhile for someone to attempt to satisfy the demand.
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:14:00
I have one question for you: can you afford to lose everything you invested? If the answer is no, you have too much invested. This doesn't apply only to Bitcoin, but any investment. 
Any investment you make you should be okay with losing everything entirely. That's the right way to invest. 
Specifically for Bitcoin, people shouldn't be viewing it as a money-making investment. Bitcoin isn't a stock, it's a currency. What you want out of a currency is held purchasing power, and ease of use for transactions (and privacy too). Anyone [dollar cost averaging]( into Bitcoin since 2010 probably experienced this.
Anyone trying to make a ton of money via Bitcoin by buying into it is doing it wrong IMO. I'm not saying that's not possible - I think it is - but it's also possible to make a ton of money gambling. What people then do is try finding high risk/reward ratios. Is Bitcoin a high enough reward for substantial speculative risk? Maybe, but I'd approach it another way: entrepreneurial projects built upon it.
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:55:17
We're getting closer.
Under that page it has "Ledger syncing" which contains just 5 sentences, but that's what I want to know about. 
I would like a walk through of how ledger syncing occurs. Satoshi's paper, for example, gives a clear walk through of how transactions occur: "We define an electronic coin as a chain of digital signatures. Each owner transfers the coin to the next by digitally signing..."
Where can I find that for "Ledger syncing"?
@_date: 2015-05-15 19:02:43
I thought we already agreed Ted Nelson, who coined 'hypertext', [knows who it is](
Seriously, this is ridiculous. It's like trying to prove a negative. One thing we know for sure is Satoshi took steps to protect his identity. Another thing we know is it would be easy for him to reveal that identity (he could move early coins). This means he obviously doesn't want to be publicly known, for whatever reasons. 
Attempting to identify anybody else as Satoshi only bugs the many people mistakenly labeled Satoshi - including Dorian Nakamoto, Gavin Andresen, Hal Finney, Dan Kaminsky, Shinichi Mochizuki, etc. - while arranging at most irritation of having to keep up plausible deniability in front of anyone that ever guessed accurately.
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:55:22


This is really interesting...
I see what you're saying. I think it's something which hasn't been possible before. I think the deterministic function between sidecoin and btc is necessary for the market to determine a market price. At the same time, though, you're pointing out there is a *technical* lock between btc and sidecoins, but because both are *currencies* it creates a market price lock as well. Interesting. Maybe the paradox means the universe implodes. I'll have to think more about this :)
@_date: 2014-08-24 19:28:37


Not if you kept some of your savings in physical gold, which has been valued for thousands of years, which is why people consider it a safe haven store of value.


That happens for awhile, until the central bank inevitably mismanages the issuance of those fiat currency notes, causing unsustainable imbalances in the economy, resulting in the crash of those notes too. Collapses of fiat currency are not a novelty. It has happened repeatedly throughout history.
@_date: 2014-08-26 19:09:04
Actually I believe Texas is the most friendly so far. In Texas if you touch no fiat you need nothing, no regulations apply. If you do touch fiat there are some considerations, but not very onerous if I remember correctly.
Edit: link 
@_date: 2014-10-31 19:15:34
You sound like a fish taking to water :)
If you think you're excited now wait til you start using coins to conduct your life's business. Now whenever I'm standing in line at a bank or waiting for some check to clear I just smile to myself, shake my head and think it's only a matter of time.
@_date: 2014-11-01 23:49:39
I posted this explanation during our episode with the "bear whale" with the price about $350-300 (basically recommending people buy).
@_date: 2014-11-20 17:07:24


No, not [no matter what](
@_date: 2015-05-22 13:18:41
I completely agree. I came to the same conclusion when imagining designing exchange software. The key would be this:
"Also I'd expect that they do some verifications of balances before withdrawals are finally approved anyways."
That's the tricky part. It can be confusing to know what total debits v credits are at a given time, but it could be done. If the Bitfinex system was designed as you outline then the hot wallet was emptied only because balances available for withdrawal didn't reconcile with system accounting and nobody caught it. 
Anyway, if .5% of their assets was the hotwallet then .5% of x = 1,459 BTC where x is assets. That's 1459 * 100 / .5 = 291,800 BTC * $230 = $67,114,000 in assets. $67M is not bad, more than the entire market cap of Litecoin.
@_date: 2014-12-23 17:25:33
These dudes are kicking a** and taking names.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:09:12
Yes, but apparently we can't omit what's prior to ledger 32570. I'm guessing whatever Ripple's hash check is extends back that far. My apologies to Mr. Macaskill and everyone else.
Edit: reddit truncates long threads, so I'll continue replying.
@_date: 2014-09-09 19:22:37
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:37:51
They had compliance failures for a decade, to drug cartels and terrorist groups, laundering amounts in the *billions*. You think they didn't know? A former compliance officer for them specifically says he *told them*:
*At one point, Stern said, he decided to take action on transactions linked to Palestine that he and some of his colleagues had noticed.*
*Stern sent an email to two superiors with the subject line, "Compliance error." In the email, Stern wrote: "I believe investigators in the department are unknowingly making a major compliance error. Over the last couple of months investigators have approached me about cases in the Middle East, especially in Palestine. It appears that most investigators do not understand that the government of Palestine is the terrorist organization Hamas."*
*One of the bosses, Jeff Kraft, an anti-money laundering compliance manager, came bursting out of his cubicle. "Are you out of your f------ mind?" he said, according to Stern's recollection. "I should fire you right now."*
*Kraft insisted that Hamas was not a terrorist organization and that if government officials saw the email, the New Castle office would be shut down, according to Stern.*
@_date: 2015-05-28 00:56:25
This is a key reason SMALL government is preferable.
This is expected due to the nature of government.
The truth is there is very little a government can do more effectively, efficiently, and fairly than private individuals and free markets can do on their own. It's the reason the U.S. Constitution outlines a SMALL federal government (very specific powers), leaving the remaining power with states and the people. What we actually have is government that creates problems then purports to be able to solve those problems, for more cost usually.
The actual reason the Constitution STILL mandates gold and silver coins be legal tender is they effectively RESTRAIN government. Government can't print it to finance itself on a whim. This changed in 1971 when Nixon closed the gold convertibility window, which was supposed to be "temporary". Government now had the ability to finance itself, whenever it felt obliged to do so. Nobody would complain because nobody got taxed too heavily DIRECTLY, but they were taxed indirectly, via inflation (an expansion of the money supply; it steals economic prosperity from the future). 
This is the KEY gift Bitcoin and cryptocurrency can give people back, monetary accountability. It's more important than maybe most realize.
@_date: 2014-12-16 19:54:30
I haven't used either service's multi-sig, but going by their pages it appears Coinkite is more flexible, and therefore more amenable to customized top security. 
What I would do is go with Coinkite and set up a 2-of-3. Coinkite appears to let you set up and map each key separately. So make 1 private key where you are the co-signer, but upload it to Coinkite. Make key 2 offline and give Coinkite the *public key* (not private) and map that to another co-signer. This co-signer is actually you, with your desktop computer. Make key 3 offline and give Coinkite the *public key* again, but store the private key printed out completely away from any computer. 
Now Coinkite has all the information needed to set up the 2-of-3, and allow you to sign transactions from your desktop computer and by logging in to Coinkite (and providing 2 factor authentication if needed). Yet Coinkite can't move any funds alone, and you still have your backup to move funds by yourself if necessary. 
If rnvk sees this please correct me if I'm wrong on anything here :)
@_date: 2014-07-04 03:51:56


That's what many in this thread have been trying to point out. It's cost for R&amp;D among other things that makes manufacturing for some types of algorithms ASIC *resistant*.
@_date: 2014-08-26 01:31:12


Is it entangled in a misquote? Ah well, attribute it to me then. I'll say it. Doesn't change the implied accuracy of an invasion prediction.
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:01:06
We are a nation of immigrants which makes us stronger, more competitive, and more resourceful (think who Einstein gave the atom bomb to). The problem is the welfare state.
@_date: 2014-04-15 11:46:41
I'm all for criminal cases being treated individually. The problem is in the case of the bank there was *never* a criminal case brought...
@_date: 2014-09-26 18:14:27


And that's where you slipped up :)
Precisely, I agree with that precisely. Here is the definition of interpret: *explain the meaning of* 
The Supreme Court has the power to interpret, not to write changes to (amend), the U.S. Constitution.
If the Court is asked to explain the meaning of the clear English: no state shall make anything other than gold and silver coin legal tender; then the Court has no job because no explanation/interpretation in that case  is necessary. To do anything else then is moving beyond mere interpretation.
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:34:09
He didn't say 1 satoshi. He said 1 BTC is 1 slot. He's also talking about 'slots' in conjunction with the general ledger (the block chain) which gives the impression a person is 'buying space' to use bitcoin, which is totally inaccurate.
Freely available wallet software can generate millions, billions of addresses all of which can hold any number of BTC, and which can receive from any other user with no further prerequisite. There is also the potential for exchanging physical bitcoins completely separate from the nework. I just don't see how his explanation provides good understanding of Bitcoin usage to new users.
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:44:04
Honestly that was painful to watch. 
We've got to do better than that. Every single interaction he had was cumbersome. Not everybody is a technophobe. We need something quick and smooth, like a debit/credit card, something as easy or easier to use than cash.
Yes, this is early days for Bitcoin, sort of like the early Internet, but wow that was way too... DOS-like.
@_date: 2014-12-21 17:00:53
I'm not the one getting confused...
If you follow the link to my prior comments you'll see I *concede* the federal government can make a fiat currency. Technically that's a sloppy extrapolation, because that's not what the Constitution specifies. The Constitution gives **Congress** the power to coin money. That's it, nobody else. The Office of the President is part of the federal government, but the president can't coin money. To save time and argument, though, I allow people the concession of saying the federal government can make a fiat currency (which is different than coining money, which by definition involves metal). 
The problem is even if the federal government can make a fiat currency, the states cannot make it legal tender if it's not gold or silver coins. That is clearly spelled out in the Constitution. So if people wanted to use the fiat currency, that's fine, but state courts couldn't give it legal status to discharge adjudicated debts.
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:41:06
So, if I'm reading you correctly, your thinking is the best approach is raising the block size by 1MB per year, giving us essentially [3 tps today]( 6 tps in 2016, 9 tps in 2017... and if/when a tidal wave of demand for blockchain transactions arises from individual and enterprise level users, then we should start understanding and moving towards conservative limits/thinking now rather than later, because there is nothing we can do about rising tx fees?
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:43:53
Yep. This is exactly the kind of thing I predicted would happen as our community grew. We'd start getting people with decreasing maturity and sophistication, probably coinciding with reduced comprehension of the issues complicating problem solving. BTW I've been around since bitcoin was less than $0.50. How about you? I haven't seen your username before now on reddit or bitcointalk. 


Again, you floor me with your logic and debate skills. So glad you've arrived to lead us teenagers.
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:12:17


Statman would argue the United States is (has been) going up?
@_date: 2015-05-01 04:11:49


I guess that was the original rationale behind them, but how wise is it really? I think all good, obvious ideas would occur to somebody eventually. At the same time I think there can be a trade-off in product and service quality. Say I have a brilliant idea, but I'm otherwise horrible at execution. I invent a self-cleaning carpet, but I have no sense of style, color, customer service etc. With patent in hand I could dominate the market being the only game in town delivering subpar performance, where normally market competitiveness produces the best.
Seems an awful lot of headache to try to encourage inventiveness and diversity.  
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:21:29
[Multisig Done Right](
Now that is what [I'm talking about]( Great job Coinkite!
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:10:41
I understand your hostility toward the Republican label. I myself can't stand Republicans like George W. Bush (don't get me started).
My profession is in web development. I once worked with a graphic designer (beautiful lady in the eastern US) and I asked if she would do some political support work for Ron Paul, someone I had recently learned about. I think she may have been a registered Democrat, but she replied Ron Paul was probably the only Republican she could see herself supporting and I felt exactly the same. 
The politics of Ron and Rand Paul are not typical modern Republican. They are using that label as what it meant historically. They believe in **small government**. The thing people have to understand is things like socialism and communism don't work. What motivates people to do things is *opportunity* and that comes from free markets and capitalism (neither of which do we have in America due to overgrown government). When Ron Paul ran for president one of the things he said was he wanted to cut everyone's taxes; well that sounds like a typical republican, except he wanted to cut everyone's income taxes to zero. He wants you to actually keep the money you make and spend how you want. What a novel idea. You're telling me you don't want the kind of government that does that? 
**Edit:** responding to your edit about '"most of the country is so Gung-Ho war hungry" Really?' What I mean is people will go along with whatever the news tells them. Let some new terrorist event happen and Americans will be applauding those that talk the toughest and lead some march back to military engagement. As long as it's not them on the front lines, they're all for it.
@_date: 2015-05-03 21:22:15


Ron Paul himself said he and his son were about 99% similar on issues, so should we listen to him or some random guy on the internet?
What candidate do you suggest? I love all these people who complain and say don't send money to politicians, don't waste your time but at the same time offer no alternative. I guess sticking your head in the sand is the best route.
@_date: 2014-11-27 00:08:36


No, it doesn't. Like I said read the sentence. You need to understand how contract law works. It doesn't work by people reading their own meaning into things. It works by what words are listed, as that's the only thing that makes sense. Otherwise it wouldn't matter what words were written at all.
That clause doesn't mention your dog, so it doesn't pertain to your dog, likewise the federal government. It's very specific. What it is saying is States can't make anything legal tender which is not gold/silver, i.e., if we have a dispute and you owe me compensation for killing my crops, and you offer me gold/silver coin to erase your debt, a court can rule that sufficient payment to legally discharge that debt - aka legal tender. If you offer me toilet paper and I refuse to accept it no court is supposed to legally say it's adequate to extinguish your debt. What the courts say is important because it gives automatic value to the thing offered (seashells, paper, gold coins etc).
You are right about the usurpation of power by the federal government, but you have a misunderstanding of technical ways this occurred. 


That part is right. Although, to be technically correct the States were breaking constitutional law long before the complete decoupling of gold in 1971, because paper is not coin. So paper representing fractions of gold isn't sufficient either. It's supposed to be the physical metal. That way there is no counter party risk for receiving full payment in precious metal (try redeeming an old [silver certificate](
@_date: 2014-12-29 17:19:00


How could the value not be determined by normal supply/demand market forces?
@_date: 2014-08-25 20:37:25


Why is the state's inability to print money to fund welfare and warfare an existential threat to the state?


I don't believe it is, but no I don't think so. As Mr. Macaskill mentions the state may be more interested in ways to tax it.


And what justification for their actions could they give the public, say readers of r/bitcoin alone which apparently numbers over 100K, and may include influential people like big company CEOs, VCs and pro-bitcoin politicians?
@_date: 2015-05-06 03:01:22
Storage isn't a concern with a pruned full node. You'd only need a few gigabytes. Bandwidth remains the big source of controversy, but that gradually [increases over time historically]( by 50% per year to be precise.
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:37:05
Thanks for bringing DPOS and bitshares to my attention. One more thing I've got to wrap my head around, but timely as I'm thinking through these sort of money system models - Bitcoin, Ripple, etc. - to address scaling.  
Interestingly, I don't think your question is relevant to consensus algorithms. 
First, exchange price is doing exactly what I (and many others) predicted it would when I first learned of Bitcoin. That's bounce all over the place, with gigantic moves in both directions, with plateaus of stability in between, returning to big moves, but with increasing stability over time, and an overall (large) trend up. This is driven by news, information dissemination, learning curves, adoption, market dynamics, unpredictable events, speculation, and probably some things I'm missing here. 
So when you ask why the price isn't exploding I'd say, because it isn't at that stage yet, it's in a period in between; the price *has* exploded before, though, more than once too. I hope you don't think anything which can have a single continuous *chart line straight up*, while going through stages of global adoption, which includes information dissemination,  skepticism, misinformation, detractors, provability, testing etc., is really possible. I certainly don't.
The POW model Bitcoin uses is useful in many ways, but primarily in securing the network, and distributing coins in a fair way. These two things are not the same. A neat thing about Bitcoin is it solves many problems (like distributed trust, security etc) in one complete system. It's not perfect, but does appear workable, enough that billions so far have gone into it along with the confidence, time and value investment of many, many smart people around the world.
So I don't see Bitcoin as being held back at all, at least not by much other than regulators.
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:37:16


OP was talking about lobbying *government*.
@_date: 2014-11-16 21:15:25
It's possible to infer authorship from programmed code, a bit like handwriting, and Satoshi's code appears to have come from an individual.
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:27:28
Technically this is correct, but think of it another way. If there were only 21 bitcoins instead of 21 million and there was only 1 released every few years, with the same world population, would you still say Bitcoin was effectively inflationary for all of our lifetimes?
@_date: 2014-08-06 03:40:36


Technically the quote is talking about jurisdiction over the business, not clients.


Well that's the thing. This reminds me of an Iranian court recently [ordering Mark Zuckerberg to appear]( in court claiming apps violate individual privacy. Of course we mostly view this as a joke and the US has no extradition treaty with Iran, so it's unlikely Mark would appear there. Does the US have an extradition treaty with Slovenia? If so, should they extradite over such meager infractions as non-compliance? This is what happens when jurisdictional waters and "breaking the law" become murky. Ultimately it's up to the people as to what their governments get away with.
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:48:48


That's what I'm trying to explain to you, the study of the practical aspects of citizenship, rights etc. is *different* for every country. To understand how things work in a particular country one needs to look at the historical context of that country itself. This is why people refer to past writings of legal authors to support arguments about what they meant. Sharia law, for example, is the legal framework for which public and some aspects of private life are regulated for those living in a legal system based on Islam. That's relevant to any discussion involving how law works in such countries. The impact of religion can play an important role shaping legal limits and interpretation on complex issues such as abortion, whether or not you believe in it.
Getting back to history for the U.S. I encourage you to read the post here (it's not long):
I'll highlight a few excerpts.








@_date: 2014-09-22 00:03:32


I would use 'absolutely'. The problem is 'literally' means not exaggerated. When you say literally screaming ... you're saying 'I'm not exaggerating when I say it's screaming...' which of course isn't true. 
If you instead say absolutely, which means totally, then obviously you're not being truthful, but we know you're doing it for dramatic effect :)
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:07:47
This is a question for one of my favorite posters from bitcointalk: DeathAndTaxes
I haven't seem him here on reddit but I believe [this]( (one of his more awesome posts) answers your question. Here is the TLDR:


In other words (while he is responding to 2^2048 not 2^256)  his point is higher key sizes take up more space while not necessarily providing better security; plus using multiple algorithms provides better security from flaw/attacks.
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:54:25


They're smart enough to know users appreciate and are grateful for their expertise. We have the best devs in the world working on Bitcoin. 
On this issue people simply have differences in opinion, and there really is no "correct" answer; it's why insanely smart people can disagree. It's all subjective based on belief in likely outcomes and priority. If Bitcoin really is controlled by users then this is the way to decide direction.
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:40:49


I completely agree. Gavin has said similar. I think we throw everything we have at this and using it all pull it off. At the same time I like some breathing room. Gavin's plan which called for an initial increase of ~20MB and doubling every two years doesn't accommodate the entire world conducting daily on-chain txs. However it does provide room for reasonable global volume in many cases if adoption picks up gradually over time.


I agree that's possible. It can also make instant, safe txs quite practical.


Completely agree.
@_date: 2014-08-28 18:48:34
First, I don't enjoy having to keep up this tedious back and forth. I don't profit from it and I have far better things to do. I do it because checking claims on something with such impact on society as a currency is important. Not many others know to, have the ability or will to do so.
Nobody is forcing you to reply to me. Of course, until I'm satisfied Ripple as a currency is on the up and up I'll continue with the default view it's probably not. It's obvious you have some vested interest in people thinking it is, so you might be helpful and tolerant of my inquiries. I've been in this community a long time, making posts in the public interest to the extent I'm probably somewhat known. Convincing me of Ripple's soundness could be a big benefit to Ripple supporters. I believe the function Ripple performs is helpful overall.
So, to business. The information I need isn't much. However it seems you either don't know it, know it and don't want to provide it, or know it and don't know to provide it. Giving you the benefit of the doubt I'm working on the assumption it's the last. 


It's obvious you know about software, and in software there is no such thing as "minor" details, because everything is binary and computers can't think for themselves. Bitcoin's white paper provides all the information necessary to construct a complete implementation of Bitcoin from scratch, in any language which can handle the specifications of the protocol, such as validating digital signatures.
If the only specification for constructing an implementation of Ripple from scratch is the wiki, and that wiki has **empty** pages for information, then you should see the obvious problem. 
You can type 10K words about Ripple without giving me the simple info I need - info Satoshi provided in 9 pages, for example. I'll give you an example of what you might call a "minor detail" which I consider critical: what does a "transaction set" consist of? This is one of the empty pages, and your preceding reply gives no info on it either (nor does the video). This is what I mean by your not being helpful, whether intentional or not. It's quite easy to explain what a transaction set in Bitcoin is, and how a set gets validated. I don't know where to get that information for Ripple, and "look in the software" isn't an acceptable response. As I said, I'm not getting paid for this.
@_date: 2014-12-23 18:19:07
Perhaps the coolest thing about Bitcoin (besides letting people be their own bank) is the opportunity it provides.
The sky is the limit. Nobody is "in charge" of Bitcoin, so if you have an idea just go for it! :)
Think of what skills, services, products etc you might like to offer. Bitcoin is the closest thing we've got to a free market, so it doesn't limit what people want to do. It helps to have web skills because that makes it easy to reach people, but our numbers are growing (I'd estimate 1-2 million currently) so you might expect bitcoiners local to you eventually.
My advice is think of something you might do whether you were paid or not and how that might apply to Bitcoin. If it's something of value you're probably destined to do well :)
@_date: 2017-02-27 14:58:03
Hmm.. I don't know what the heck he's talking about lol. How does Bitcoin have value if it's not used as a currency? I mean there might be sort of sentimental value like collector cards, I guess. I doubt that would be all that significant, though.
@_date: 2017-02-27 16:26:02


We've been seeing times where blockchain transactions have been congested, taking several hours to get even 1 confirmation. What do you think would happen to Bitcoin's value if transactions could *never* again confirm, that they just stopped working completely. You really think Bitcoin's value would be the same or anywhere close? That people would swap it (I guess on spreadsheets like in the old days) and hold it as a store of value? No way. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 16:18:23
Glad to see this is the top voted comment. It echoes my thoughts exactly. It's really rare I'd disagree with jgarzik, but on this I disagree. I think he's looking at things from a technical perspective (where he isn't wrong), without fully factoring in the political and social aspects of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-26 22:05:43
Peter Schiff [in this podcast]( with this last price decline below $400, just called the end of Bitcoin; though to his credit did say he didn't feel comfortable taking a victory lap quite yet (this was before the PayPal announcement too).
I hate that he did this because when he is proven wrong it might diminish how good he is otherwise on politics, economics, and money.
@_date: 2014-12-22 22:01:50


so it will be stored in the block whether other nodes decide to keep metadata or not
Unfortunately, the problems I'm talking about, selfish-mining or an algorithm break for instance, affect the block level. That means components of individual transactions are irrelevant since an attacker can substitute his own transactions, or ones of his choosing, and recreate valid new blocks, which then become the de facto version of history.
These things are not likely to happen. We may also be able to defend against, patch, or work around such things. However, as it stands these things are not resolved. My worry is people start to put excess faith in Bitcoin remaining problem free, that things will always work as expected, and build services dependent on that vision, as things continue to grow. That may or may not be wise or problematic. I'm simply saying people should be quite careful. 
@_date: 2017-02-11 14:31:53


Those had no good argument not to. In fact there have been simple upgrades, like the way P2SH was implemented, which may never have been done if not for an overruling decision being made (in this case by Gavin), because there was argument about going one way or another.
It's hard to believe an argument as contentious as block size could reach a 95% threshold, not without a lot of compromise all around.  That's what's most disappointing to me about the whole ordeal. The debate has done much damage over years, but it would be worth it if it led to some reasonably positive resolution. I fear that's unlikely. No matter which side you're on the truth is one side seems to have been open to compromise over various proposals, and one has not. That's what's most disappointing to me.  
@_date: 2017-02-21 00:49:35


But many experts have gone on record as being OK with &gt;1MB blocks :/
@_date: 2017-02-16 18:22:08
Charlie, first, thanks for creating Litecoin. You may have seen me promoting it in the early days on Bitcointalk. I'm unclear on a few things you say here.


What is an 'economic node'? Do you mean all non-mining full-nodes? Are mining nodes not economic?


Only by pooled influence.


Miners are not in total control, but they do have elevated power. I'm sure you know that. Miners do rely on full-nodes too, though, of course. I'd agree miners can't ignore an overwhelming sentiment by full-nodes (and even non-node users), just as congressmen can't ignore their constituents. 
@_date: 2017-02-04 18:50:13
I'd guess there are 1-2K. At 10% that means Bitcoin on top trailed by 100-200. He said zero value not low value. It's very hard to kill off a coin completely. The ethe.. fork showed that. Bitcoin won't ever be by itself again, like it or not.
@_date: 2014-08-28 19:26:43


Thank you. This is the type info I need.
When you say "that you think that could be legally applied to the current ledger" I'm guessing you mean a server or node in Ripple. On what basis would you, a server, think a transaction could be legally applied? For example, if Jennifer tries sending somebody 25 trillion XRP I'm guessing you, a server, wouldn't think that could legally be applied to the ledger. 
As humans we might think "how could Jennifer have so much" as our red flag, but computers don't have that ability to reason. Instead a specific metric needs to be applied, something which can be turned into machine readable software, or code. What would a server check against to reach a conclusion as to whether or not Jennifer could legally apply her transaction to the ledger?
@_date: 2015-05-26 17:47:50


Actually, I remember Peter Todd being against raising the block size long before he started working on alternative projects (Counterparty didn't exist AFAIK). This was before this subreddit gained popularity, when the majority of the community was on Bitcointalk.
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:01:56


I'm trying to do two things at once so my thinking isn't devoted. You've got me there - my brain jammed. You're going to have normal Bitcoin miners mine sidechain blocks of greater size, blocks which can be opted into. I'll have to come back to that.
@_date: 2017-02-11 04:20:32
You miss my point, which is it isn't expense that's keeping people from running full-nodes. The thing that kills me is people like Greg Maxwell imply there is a direct correlation between block size and number of users running full-nodes when there is no evidence that's true. Bitcoin has had a 1MB block size for almost its entire life, yet the number of full-nodes began dropping long ago, well before blocks were even full.
If we want more people to run full-nodes we need to first accurately diagnose why large percentages haven't been running them. It seems block size in reality plays a small role if any at all. Correlation doesn't equal causation.
@_date: 2015-05-23 20:59:33


Nothing. You don't run out of numbers. The protocol is 8 decimal places, but it doesn't have to be. Technically you could split Bitcoins essentially infinitely, though you might run out of the memory required to keep track of the measurement.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:27:15
What do you mean? The two are not even comparable. Gold has [many uses]( besides use as a currency. 
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:34:43


Not anymore. 
Anybody developing services in Bitcoin's earliest days should have raised questions to credible experts if they had any, not make assumptions. Transaction malleability appears to have been the least of [Mt.Gox's problems](
@_date: 2014-12-29 16:48:24


That's what I'm saying. My understanding is they are not denominated in Bitcoin. They are denominated in the sidechain's coin. The locked bitcoin simply provides initial value. They are independent, though, because the sidecoins can have a value which rises or falls, although I guess that value couldn't fall below the market price of bitcoin...


No, the sidechain rate can vary. I think the simplest way to think of sidechains is that they are alt-coins, *but* alt-coins which are dependent on Bitcoin. One advantage of this is you don't need to bootstrap initial value. Another is the success of a sidechain doesn't diminish Bitcoin because those coins are dependent on Bitcoin. There are disadvantages too, though. One is more tendency toward centralized mining.
@_date: 2014-09-03 00:54:50
Well, you said it yourself, that was a couple years ago. Bitcoin is still in its infancy, or at least barely a toddler. Yet it has come a long way from what Satoshi first announced and ran in 2009.
Software is evolutionary. Some things make sense at some points which don't at others. There was a time with Linux when I'm sure Linus Torvalds wouldn't have dared accept much if any external code - he was still building out and testing things himself (at that time OSes were gigantic, complicated things only made by companies with teams of engineers). That eventually changed.
Also, the reference code is the spec, although now developer documentation exists which didn't then: 
@_date: 2014-11-26 21:25:38


Correct. 
Yes, the federal government (actually Congress to be specific) can coin money. That is clearly stated, in fact. However, the *states* can only make whatever the federal government coins legal tender if it is gold and silver coin. In other words, simply being "the federal government" doesn't make whatever you do lawful at state level.
I agree *people* are free to create and accept whatever they want.
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:43:05


But a sidechain is a different blockchain. It needs its own mining incentives.
@_date: 2017-02-02 17:04:39


I'm saying socialist ideas become (widely) popular largely because of the misguided belief that "free stuff" (e.g. free college, free health care etc.) is really free, which of course it's not (and, no, the answer isn't simply to take money from the rich to fill gap). The other reason socialism gains support is it *seems* to offer a morally superior argument, i.e., who would be against people sharing, or helping those in need. The problem, though, is socialism simply cannot **logically** work over very long periods at any significant scale; it will unavoidably implode, and usually in horrific ways (e.g. see oil rich Venezuela today!).
Further, if socialism was great it certainly wouldn't need to be forced on anyone. People would volunteer to be a part of it.
@_date: 2017-02-15 23:45:14
A Finney attack wouldn't really apply as that involves the pay recipient accepting zero confirmations before delivering good, which isn't recommended (except under special circumstances). This is talking about using Bitcoin as intended/recommended meaning 6 confirmations was always viewed as sufficient except under very abnormal conditions.
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:47:41


The US dollar and big banks are far more effective...
[How Bankers Helped Drug Traffickers an Terrorists](
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:05:01
I think this is the right approach to solving the debate. It lets the market decide, and I think it can handle it now. I was worried about such contentious actions long ago, when speculators may have caused a disastrous flash crash, risking irreparable damage to confidence in cryptocurrency. I think we're past that point.
This phases in consensus (or exposes insufficient consensus) over time. The price will be reflective but I think stable overall, up to and through any changeover.
@_date: 2014-06-22 21:24:01


You just said a Bitcoin hard fork is way less threatening than alt-coins.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:28:11
Yep. I said this another way here:
@_date: 2017-02-27 21:53:00
Ever read any news about India?
[India's money mess could get worse](
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:18:02


I can't believe this is the top answer. This is what happens when people only hear one side of the argument. It's quite technically possible the majority of full-nodes don't need to download the full blockchain. This has always been touted as the longer term plan by larger block advocates like Gavin. 
There is no reason every node on the network needs to store the full blockchain. There can be archival nodes which have it for historical validity reasons, but most normal nodes would only hold about a week or so worth of the blockchain, so we're talking 10-20 gigabytes stored using a 10MB blocksize with 10MB transfer per 10 minutes (or about 1.5GB per day). 
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:16:53


You seemed to have not listened to anything I said.
You just suggested electing Rand Paul would get us the same place as electing Barack Obama. You clearly didn't listen to anything I said. Frankly I'm not sure what exactly I could say to get you to understand.
@_date: 2014-06-16 04:42:51
I think that's it :D
Here is a clip: 
I need to watch it again, but that's probably it.
@_date: 2014-09-02 18:11:09
You know, everyone will bash him, and his post may have some self-interest but it has a point.
People *are* becoming pretty complacent about technology, often at their peril, leaving credit card, medical, private/social and all sorts of other info just about everywhere. Hackers are getting pictures, credit card, identity info and more. I think Bitcoin/cryptocurrencies can actually help. Seeing many stories lately (like [UPS]( reminds me many in this community have a heightened sense of awareness about smart account security. We have to, as it's all about money on the line, with no recourse usually. And as Tony Gallipi says credit cards were never designed for the Internet. We may help lead society toward a more secure conscious place, using better security practices and technologies than people usually find today.
@_date: 2017-02-12 14:44:19


Listen to what you said. You don't care about the actual cause or finding a solution. You only care about keeping your position. That's not how problems get solved. I have no interest in conversing further with people like you who appear to have a closed mind. Good day.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:53:54
I could build that, but the incentives vs risk are not worth it. FinCEN's guidance and the SEC's outlook on any business holding/transferring virtual currency or securities is legally challenging to say the least. GHash seems invested in the Bitfury ASICs with a highly profitable business model, probably making it worth it.
Now, some sort of platform where miners could sell their own shares might be interesting...
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:52:23


Charities, clubs, businesses and associations are all things which exist in a capitalist libertarian society. Where the hell does the socialism come in then? Either libertarian socialism a ridiculous play on words or there are laws which compel people. You can't have it both ways. The point of socialism is shared responsibility. That's the bottom line. What I do under socialism isn't my own. What I do as a libertarian *is* my own, and I *choose* if and when to share. If I am always free to choose (no laws compel me) then it's not socialism.
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:44:21


Yes, out of 1-5 MILLION users, only 5,000 can afford to run full nodes. Glad you cleared that up for us. That's not the reason a small percentage people run full nodes.
@_date: 2015-05-28 04:21:17
There are only a handful of very large national banks now, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Citibank, Wells Fargo... 
Things like electrical or phone/telecommunication companies are in markets with high barrier to entry. It takes a lot of upfront capital investment to install transmission lines etc. However, if consumers were treated too badly even that could create market pressure, creating opportunity for enterprising individuals.
@_date: 2017-02-16 19:31:21


Yes, they do... That's their whole raison d'etre.


Miners can't bully anyone into anything. That's not how Bitcoin works. It's all voluntary, which is the best part. However, miners *do* have the option to take actions on their own. I agree it's unlikely miners would take actions which would in some way hurt themselves. At the same time most miners run a business, and in business there are decisions, which may be an impetus for action.


They may feel inaction loses a similar or greater amount as customers are turned away from poor experience/service. I'm not saying that's happening, but I imagine what may go into the decision making process.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:42:08
Hey, I'm with you.
We certainly don't need to spend more on our military then much of the world **combined**. The U.S. is a nuclear superpower. Not many are itching to be on the other end of that.
My argument is more philosophical. Unfortunately the American government is currently hijacked by powerful special interests, like the military industrial complex. These powerful and well-connected  interests can greatly influence politics and elections. If Rand Paul wants any chance at being elected he can't take on such forces immediately, not when most of the country is so Gung-Ho war hungry, and terrorist fearing anyway. So instead of automatically disqualifying himself from being elected he plays along. I'm just saying that from a philosophical standpoint having a strong defense was always a part of the true American vision. I'm sure Rand Paul doesn't think we need the level spending that we spend on the military, but he can't say that, not in this political climate.
@_date: 2014-12-30 05:33:34
No, as I understand it the sidechain is decentralized like Bitcoin. It's really just like a normal alt-coin, except the coins come from Bitcoin's blockchain :)
@_date: 2014-08-01 18:45:51
If I might try clarifying a bit, Gavin defines core devs as the five people who can accept changes and apply them to the github repository:
 (MIT Bitcoin Expo)
I don't think he does it to be exclusionary or elitist, but technical. The actual Bitcoin network is powered by software, specifically software started by Satoshi and enhanced/upgraded with open source collaboration, primarily from the five people Gavin lists. Gavin mentions he would like to see more software implementations of the protocol, but the source of Satoshi's original Bitcoin springs from the code at github.
I would consider Mike Hearn a core dev because as he lists he made *significant* contributions, in either ideas and/or code to that original codebase. His further involvement may have only been limited by his time spent working on bitcoinj.
I would classify everyone else as various levels of bitcoin devs. This includes people like Ben Reeves who founded Blockchain.info or Alan Reiner who wrote the Armory wallet. These are people who write software which powers the Bitcoin/cryptocurrency ecosystem, but not necessarily software going into core network code.
@_date: 2017-02-02 20:46:45
You're crazy. You think Russia is going to let the US walk into Iran the same as Iraq?
@_date: 2015-05-05 19:34:17


Yes, of course, but surely we didn't unwittingly hit the nail on the head with 1MB blocks? (~3 transactions per second)


That's the second time you've argued from the perspective of companies. The first was SatoshiDice being out-competed by off-chain providers (something I actually agree with you about). But what about individual users? You know, the common person Bitcoin is supposed empower? Shouldn't we be doing all we can to safely accommodate the highest transaction capacity possible to push fees lower and leave room for service providers of all sorts to develop solutions for their end users?
Also, regarding inter-bank settlement it may not be that Bitcoin is the best solution. It may simply be blockchain technology, in which case it certainly isn't mandatory to use Bitcoin, but I'm not even sure blockchains are best; it may be cryptographic solutions with traditional databases, decentralization being unnecessary.
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:35:52


It's not so easy to "just fork" Bitcoin. It was in the early days, but it grows increasingly difficult to orchestrate and move a supermajority of the community as it grows. In the earliest days there was no discussion about how to handle major protocol changes. It was handled by top devs, usually Satoshi or Gavin, and the community followed, often unaware. Now we struggle to resolve block size (though I think we've made progress). Imagine a community 100 times larger, 100 times more differing opinions. No, I think only clear, limited and critical changes have any chance of getting done past a certain point, and even those will be tricky.
I prefer to have as many tools in the toolkit as possible. The world is accustomed to having differing currencies with differing values, differing use cases and acceptance. I don't see a problem adding cryptocurrencies into the market.
@_date: 2015-05-10 16:17:00
First, the concern isn't over SPV nodes. It's over fully validating nodes.
Second, decreasing time between blocks would increase transaction capacity, which is a similar in effect to raising the block size.
The concern over healthy decentralization comes down to what transaction capacity on average per unit of time fully validating nodes can handle, imagining average cost computing resources. How that transaction capacity is allowed onto the blockchain - by increased block size or more frequent blocks - isn't so important. What's important is whether full nodes can easily keep up. Prior to Gavin's [UTXO post]( the largest debated concern had to do with bandwidth. Now a cost concern, which UTXO brings up, includes dynamic RAM.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:13:12
Yeah, I can't find any trace of them, not on Cryptsy, Coinmarket, Shapeshift.io, nowhere. Yet they're supposedly half of Bitcoin's market cap...
That sucks. This kind of thing can give cryptocurrency a bad name. The space is brimming with opportunity and they seem to be taking the low road.
@_date: 2017-02-02 16:40:15


Wait, you're telling me those hoodlums are what has become of some Sanders supporters? And they think they can **force** society to give them everything free (so long as everyone pays exorbitant taxes)?
@_date: 2014-10-25 21:07:09
LOL if there is one thing we can be sure about it's Satoshi wasn't an ordinary guy. This guy knew his stuff. Our community has some of the smartest, most tech-savvy people in the world, from a range of fields from computer science to mathematics. We've all been going over Bitcoin for years now, looking for bugs and improvements, learning from each other, having the benefit of hindsight. Our collective brain power is impressive I'd say. Yet most people agree Satoshi was one person working alone probably for the most part. To get so many things right... Amazing.
@_date: 2015-05-27 19:54:54


It's saying he made those solicitations (for murder), so they are relevant to conspiracy charges whether or not he is charged/punished specifically for the solicitations. From my understanding it wasn't disputed that the solicitations were made.
@_date: 2017-02-02 20:48:23


That will happen regardless. Too many people haven't figured out what should be obvious: you can't *spend* your way to wealth.
@_date: 2017-02-07 16:03:42


They wouldn't. The problem is they shouldn't be getting the $200/week without doing anything. The second problem is any income people get from the job they work shouldn't be taxed. That's actually the law in America, but people ignore the law.


Yes, I agree the system is screwed up. However, a screwed up system doesn't go on forever. It eventually will collapse. An example of this is socialist Venezuela today.
@_date: 2017-02-28 03:38:39


Incorrect. Evolution is now regarded as a scientific fact. However, there are many theists, including teachers who may not personally believe in it. A teacher instructing a biology class, teaching by the science book, will assert evolutionary theory as fact. When you say "I believe" or "I am of the opinion" you are making the distinction that your views may or may not be widely perceived as fact, it's just what you believe. It's not a claim. When you assert something as fact and not opinion *that's* when you make a claim or assertion. 
If not saying something is the same as implying something I can say johnbentley implied I could take all the money out of his bank account when he said hello to me today. 
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:47:08
I completely agree about us engaging with one another. We might not always agree, but I think that's how our country got so messed up. We left it to run itself, only caring to vote once in awhile maybe in presidential elections. I think people need to be involved at all levels in politics, even if it's just talking to your neighbor across the fence. I'd even take hostile arguments, as long as people were communicating. That's what we need.
I'm probably more like you than you think. I grew up a registered Democrat. I voted for Bill Clinton twice. Now I understand a lot better how government works, and more importantly the role of proper, sound money for economic prosperity. That's the thing my education was missing, the thing that converted me to now essentially a libertarian. I do believe the government has some role as you mention, but I think it has to be smart *effective* government. The sad truth is governments by their nature are wasteful and inefficient, and often ineffective too when they try doing things they're not suited for. It's up to people to step up and fill in those gaps. If the govt does it the people certainly never will, but if the govt. doesn't then at least the people can see there is an unmet need and better address it.
@_date: 2014-08-28 19:40:47
Thank you.
From a server: 
1. Is it possible to see every balance in a ledger?
2. Is it possible to know how many total accounts, where an account is a balance, are in a ledger?
3. Is it possible to add or remove accounts, where an account is a balance, in a ledger?
If an account can have more than one balance please say so.
@_date: 2015-05-02 02:50:50
Hmm bitcointalk forum search isn't the best, but here are a few hits. You may get a kick out of the first one :)
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:08:23
Ask GHash.io how the community reacts to miners threatening the system, even when they do *nothing wrong* (*) as GHash was simply best in the market.
Seriously, we could play hypothetical all day long with potential problems for Bitcoin. I could see concern for say 1GB blocks before network resources could cope, but 20MB? Satoshi started Bitcoin with 32MB default limit in 2009!
*nothing wrong in terms of why they were primarily DDoSed and ostracized
@_date: 2017-02-07 16:23:50


No, but I read it just now. It's the same crap, different name. I didn't originally read the link because I completely understand every variable in the political philosophy equation: People are fairly simple, want basically the same things, and behave basically the same. Given that, there are only a certain number of things that make sense for organizing into civilized societies.
One of the key buzzwords at your link is 'decentralized'. That seems to be the primary break from pure socialism. However, whether a law compels me to pay taxes to the group under socialism, or the law compels me to pay taxes to the group because it was voted in under direct democracy through a decentralized structure as advocated by "libertarian socialism" it's the same crap. I'm compelled to do something I may not have agreed to do just because I happen to live within a certain group/society. Again, that is fundamentally against what it truly means to be libertarian. The root of libertarian is liber(ty) or free. The only way a society can claim to be truly free is if any given individual in that society feels they are not compelled by the rest of the group they must do something (other than not commit crimes).
@_date: 2014-06-16 01:34:55
Could be. It was about that long ago! All I remember is it was an intriguing and enjoyable movie.
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:31:33


I adjusted my comment. The community wasn't primarily up in arms over any finney attacks. The community was up in arms over GHash approaching 50% hash power control.
@_date: 2017-02-05 15:53:38
Bitcoin has always had a built-in problem/challenge, which is its design makes it hard for average computer resources, as they are today, to process very many transactions. When I say very many I mean in a global context. For example, at present Bitcoin maxes out at around 3 per second, where VISA has done 50,000.
There are two general approaches advocated for addressing this. Core's approach favors the block size remaining near the same limit it has almost always had and relying on second layer and other off-chain technologies to handle the other transactions. The "big-blocker" (now essentially the Unlimited side) favors an approach that allows the block size limit to rise significantly higher than it is to handle capacity, while also believing second layer and off-chain technologies can play a role in helping. The big-blockers believe miners themselves have sufficient ability to keep the size limit from going so high it becomes problematic, meaning the network becomes centralized away from users.
My opinion: Neither approach is perfect in that there are trade-offs. Allowing the limit to rise significantly certainly means higher *risk* of problematic centralization (I emphasize risk doesn't mean guarantee). I believe Core values decentralization so highly they want this risk as low as possible. The problem with not allowing the size limit to go significantly higher, with a goal of significant global adoption, is there is risk second layer and off-chain technologies don't develop fast enough or sufficiently to handle growing usage, leading to adoption problems and possibly related ones (like project confidence). I think both approaches are reasonable. However, I personally think there is more risk with Core's approach given all factors overall (like natural advancement of technological capability over time), so I've come down on the big-blocker side. At this point, however, I think the new risk is failure to arrive at compromise harms the project worse than the other issues might.


I won't speculate on that.


That there are no guarantees in Bitcoin. There are many smart people interested in making it successful. That's why I've always been bullish. However, at the end of the day Bitcoin remains a novel world experiment, and you should treat it as such for investment consideration.
@_date: 2017-02-03 11:06:06


This is where you're so woefully wrong. Why the hell would you think you need money to be free?!? Freedom isn't about having money! Freedom is about being, you know, FREE. That means you're free to make your own decisions. If you want to sing all day, then sing. If you want to work all day, then work. If you want to do a combination of the two, then do that. It's your choice. When you're not free you can't choose all the things which are available, like the Internet for instance. In North Korea they don't have Internet because the government orders it to be that way. When you're in jail you can't go to the beach, or watch a baseball game when you want. You're not free. I don't know where you got the misguided notion freedom is about money. This is the problem with socialists. They think they have their facts straight, then go off on a tangent with incorrect reasoning and faulty logic.


No, that's not in your self-interest. It's not your primary self-interest. It may be farther down the list. Your first self-interest is to RELAX. That's what people like. People like to eat, and they like to relax. People don't like to WORK. This is where capitalism shines. You're free to choose which items you want to do, and the more you do of things others don't want to do (like work) the more you are rewarded with things others don't have (like higher income). In socialism that can be lopsided: you can work harder than others, while they receive the same or in some cases MORE than you do (e.g. a young female who sits home raising her kid(s) watching tv for free in a free apartment, eating food at low/no cost without working).
@_date: 2015-05-03 22:48:11
I'm not sure SMS is a great idea as messages can be delayed by several minutes, even hours. At least that's how it used to be in the US. 
It sounds like he doesn't have an internet connection, but it's pretty much needed to be a merchant accepting bitcoin. Then he could just view the blockchain.info page and see the transaction come through in real time.
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:08:43
And I remember a minimum of two emphatic pleas for donation help from Jimmy Wales.
@_date: 2017-02-16 16:37:47
I didn't say miners control *everything*. Those are your words. I said miners are users, especially (or most importantly) from a technical perspective. Bitcoin's governance model relies on this. I know very well what constitutes the overall ecosystem. See my rare recent disagreement with Gavin on [A definition of "Bitcoin"](
@_date: 2015-05-01 17:56:16
I agree, but I prefer having the other 10% there anyway. It can stay that way proportionally forever for all I care. As long as there are other options; it's usually always a benefit.
@_date: 2017-02-08 13:41:05
If this is true (I'm not saying it is, but let's say it is) then do you really think the best answer is taking money from the few people who are working and distributing it to those who are not is the best solution? That's what basic income would do. People seem to think "basic income" just means people who don't want to work can receive money and this won't affect anyone else because that money comes free and magically. That's not how it works. A government doesn't need to tax your pay to take your money. If a government creates more currency units and gives those to people receiving "basic income" then it's similar to taxing your pay directly, because the money left in your pocket buys less (aka inflation). The more currency a gov creates the more your purchasing power decreases, so your own income drops in purchasing power.


There is always work. If you are alive and need food and shelter, which nobody provides to you, then you will find work. The work consists of building and maintaining a shelter and harvesting food, such as on a farm.
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:08:28
This is a good idea. Somebody proposed something similar on Bitcointalk. They said if we knew we were going to need things done we should group them together.
The large concern I have is decreasing likelihood for hard fork adoption. I don't think it will be possible to hard fork Bitcoin past a certain point, short of something critical and precise. There will be too many differing opinions for best course. This is why, prior to Gavin's UTXO post, I felt it so important to adopt a large block size sooner than later; if a large block size was in fact needed the greater risk was not being able to get it implemented.
However, noncontroversial annual changes may stand a chance within the next say 2 or 3 years, but that may be pushing it.
@_date: 2015-05-04 09:52:42


Brush up on logical fallacies. Saying 'Oh wait... not even everyone agrees on what "the purpose Bitcoin is meant to serve" is' I admit is sarcastic in tone, but the content is relevant to the debated topic. An ad hominem attack is when you *fail* to make an argument. Feel free to deliver your arguments in a sarcastic tone too. If they are relevant I'll respond to them, without stating you are a twat.
Perhaps what's more telling is why you didn't address that point.
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:46:28
Just remember that when storing with a 3rd party what you really have are **IOUs** for the BTC, not the BTC.
It's true simple security is a challenge for the community, but solutions are evolving. Multisignature based services should help this immensely and are being developed.
@_date: 2015-05-02 02:41:04


I wish that was true. They probably have no talent or fortitude, qualities near essential in entrepreneurs with the odds against business, and we know about their integrity. I saw the same user in the gambling site threads. He said he wouldn't do it if it wasn't so profitable, if people didn't pay.
My only comfort is hoping they feel some remorse or shame when spending their ill-gotten gains.
@_date: 2017-02-11 16:47:12


You mean that Dr. Adam Back attended as "an individual" and not in official capacity from Blockstream? That's my point. There is no compromise from one side, which is the overall group that constitutes Core. Individuals have certainly been more open to compromise and I commend them for that.
@_date: 2017-02-28 03:19:46


Yes, and if the 21 million cap on Bitcoin was raised to 900 trillion, cheap (exceedingly cheap!) Bitcoin would flood the market. What's your point? Obviously scarcity plays a role. Both Bitcoin and gold are scarce and have been since humans have used them. So I don't understand what point you're trying to make.
@_date: 2017-02-07 08:51:06


Where the heck did you get that idea?!?
@_date: 2015-05-29 16:59:05


That's what I'm saying. I think this is least likely to cause a split, because consensus is measured over time. If you're defining a split as one group running an incompatible version of Bitcoin with another that has already happened. There was a group that didn't want to decrease from 50 coins to 25 coins, but they got left behind the current group of "Bitcoin" users. (nobody noticed)
I define a split as the larger network going through a state of discord and inaction for some period due to incompatible versions. That happened a while ago with the version .08 upgrade bug/fork. Gavin's proposed course does nothing of the sort as it's opt-in, with a supermajority moving forward or taking no action.
@_date: 2015-05-06 04:12:28


Sure but that's not an argument for block size limits. If anything it puts more pressure on constricted limits. If Bitcoin storage can be primarily spammed with garbage, then the smaller the limit the more rapidly Bitcoin becomes useless.
@_date: 2017-02-11 18:16:49
This is so annoying. My friend bigger block advocates WANT Segwit. However they want the block size limit raised too. How can you be so sure of your position when you don't even understand what the other side wants?
@_date: 2017-02-04 16:28:26


I'd say less than 99% but hopefully more than 90% will. Not every coin can win. 


Back when there was truly only Bitcoin this was true. I'd say that's no longer the case. Bitcoin still has the lead and for good reason, but there is market pressure on Bitcoin to retain its position. And that's a good thing. It's Bitcon's game to lose. However, at the end of the day it's the users that win when there is competition. That's the beauty of free markets.
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:03:18


That could be part of it, if they do trade. They don't have to (for example Bill Gates mining for fun/curiosity). They are users because they participate. It's that simple. However, on a technical level, they are quite important.


I hadn't seen that, but yes. In fact I once likened it to fans doing the wave at a stadium. It's something that exists only by participants playing a coordinated role. Risking immodesty I prefer my club analogy though because waves and songs are a bit ephemeral. A club is more tangibly easy to compare for expected roles and consequences.
@_date: 2017-02-15 23:22:25
You're talking about block withholding attacks, or "selfish mining". I read the article (not the paper) and l don't believe so, which means those attack assumptions would be worsened as well.
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:07:27


Good, stay away from it.


Not necessary. I care about what it espouses as much as [pick a religion] proselytizers on the corner handing out little pamphlets.


So does a lot of crap and nonsense in the world. If you're focused on it you must have some interest in it. Hopefully I can convince you to drop it.
@_date: 2017-02-04 21:57:21
It's a bluff. Cost to send msg is zero. Cost to follow up threat for not receiving $1,000 is very high. Crimes that take place in real world are a very different thing, much easier to track. Seriously everyone living in real world is vulnerable in some way, including idiot who sent msg. What are we going to do, have everyone try to intimidate everyone, and send money around?
As advised just be more private. Follow up with law enforcement in any case, be more vigilant, and if you're really uncomfortable use the 1K toward moving and even possibly a name change.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:22:17


Just so people don't think that's technically correct, Charlie Shrem was on the hook for money laundering because as owner of his company (Bitinstant) he was also compliance officer. Meanwhile the compliance officer for HSBC simply **stepped down** after the bank was found to have a decade of compliance failures including claims the bank gave terrorists, drug cartels and criminals access to the U.S. financial system.
*HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA)s head of group compliance, David Bagley, told a Senate hearing he will step down amid claims the bank gave terrorists, drug cartels and criminals access to the U.S. financial system by failing to guard against money laundering.*
Still see a difference?
@_date: 2017-02-07 15:50:10


Yes, it is. The two philosophies are **fundamentally** different. Anyone who says this doesn't really understand what being libertarian is. At the heart of it is the [non-aggression principle]( which means you don't force or use violence against anyone to compel them to do something. Socialism fundamentally means people MUST contribute (with their taxes) or face consequences (forceful arrest and jail).
Saying socialism is compatible with being libertarian is like saying a nun sworn to abstinence is compatible with being a hooker.
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:09:05
A HUGE FLAG should have been there were TWO people. Surprised nobody said this yet.
Many criminals are cowards and prefer buddies to help encourage them, for victim intimidation, and with any resulting violence. LocalBitcoins doesn't have group accounts so why would more than 1 person show up? People don't usually share personal finances. If you ever see more than one person show up be EXTRA careful. Also, the open air venue was another flag. Meet INSIDE some crowded place, like a coffee shop or bank. Criminals intending escape prefer easiest escape opportunity.
If two people show up cancel or ask the non-principal to wait separately (less hands to watch) and go INSIDE some busy structure.
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:49:57
No, actually only 60 tps. 
Seven transactions per second is the technical maximum assuming perfectly small transactions. DeathAndTaxes wrote up [an excellent post]( showing 3 tps is what we get in practice with 1MB blocks (with P2SH tx for instance).
I think this is the wrong move. We should package both initial and future size increases together. Breaking the vote up allows the community to adopt a half measure and be marginally but not significantly better off, while not addressing the larger problem. If you wouldn't get both easily before you certainly won't get the 2nd half with an increase already in place (the dissenters will feed off of it).
@_date: 2017-02-18 19:03:50


Everyone *can* have a gun in the US, and carry it (open carry) according to the highest law in the land. This doesn't prevent people calling the police, which is a good idea so they can assess situation (and determine no laws are being broken or about to be broken).
@_date: 2014-09-26 21:28:23


Sure, why not? However, keep in mind there is no specific procedure for creating or disbanding militias, meaning openly carrying guns any time fits within that.


Freedom of expression is a right in general under the Constitution -  because the Bill of Rights doesn't enumerate only which rights individuals have, but rather emphasizes ones needing particular protective care. Freedom of speech is explicitly listed, though, under the First Amendment, for what should be 
obvious reasons.


I don't have any problem with *legitimate* interpretations of the Constitution. In order to be legitimate, though, a thing being interpreted must not be perfectly clear to begin with. For example, the Commerce Clause I feel can be legitimately debated for interpretation because "commerce" itself is a bit broad.
@_date: 2017-02-18 23:05:30
Agree. The way it's being introduced makes me even more skeptical it's anything worthwhile, and I was already skeptical.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:55:02
Hmm I just watched the [Lightning Network talk]( again.
They do refer to a circuit model, but I'm not sure how well we might expect that. They mention individual users having one or two channels open longer term, similar to people now having one or two bank accounts. That makes sense, but because the money is locked away for some time it seems to me users would be locked in to the one or two hubs they signed on with. Hub to hub connections makes sense, but again each open channel can be costly I think depending on how much volume a hub did (considering usage of bi-directional channels) and may therefore be limited. 
I think users could still be subject to censoring, though it would be far less likely than in the current financial system which is problematic because of few options. Barring payments through Mastercard, Visa and PayPal severely cripples ability to send funds to Wikileaks for example. So, yes, it's possible to route around censorship, especially with Bitcoin direct payment remaining an option, but there does still seem to be some reliance on and power given over to the hub(s) chosen.
@_date: 2017-02-03 00:07:48


Maybe someone did and he didn't listen.


I'm not sure what you mean by that quote. I didn't say looking at capitalism one concludes vanity. I said self-interest is why freedom and capitalism work best. It's natural for people to want to be free and it's natural for people to want to look out for their own interests first. When you design a system around this then, that system will most naturally let humans excel. Anything else will go against the grain, so to speak.
When you change those to primary points of human nature, then you come call me.
@_date: 2015-05-02 19:31:37
Remember this guy didn't do anything wrong here. He didn't break any laws. He operates a business which naturally sees a lot of paper cash flow, which caused him to make numerous small cash deposits, which raised a flag and caused the govt to help themselves to $107,000 out of his business bank account **without charging him with any crime**. I'm pretty sure that's called theft.
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:22:07


I've followed the entire debate since it began (I guess in 2012) and there has been a lot discussed. If I say I don't know what you mean I'm asking for more details as there has been much said. I'm guessing you're alluding to the [HK Roundtable Consensus]( which earned several people the title of "dipshit" from but I don't know what you mean about it. You might be more specific/helpful than "think harder".
@_date: 2017-02-12 17:13:31


Umm... not exactly. You're saying it's also Nature winking in my corresponding Obama increasing approval ratings example?


What would you say if I told you there is little or no relation at all? I'm not saying that's definitely the case but it very well might be. Just from what I've told you it should seem apparent there is something else, probably major, to it. Do you really not care about that? You only care about holding onto your position on one variable (blocksize)?
@_date: 2014-11-20 18:51:45
Semantics. It depends whether you're talking about the economy or currency unit. Excessive deflation can result in an economic crash while hyperinflation also results in an economic crash, but through a collapse in the currency (the confidence in it). Either produces a deceleration of economic activity until it halts. However I'd say it's faster and easier to recover from a deflationary crash. 
Ideally you want neither excessive inflation nor deflation, but a currency which increases roughly in line with population increase, producing stable prices. The nice thing about gold (and bitcoin after about a decade) is they both do that with around 1% annual supply increase.
@_date: 2017-02-07 10:33:24


No, a basic income is not a good thing. Where do you think the money comes from? It doesn't grow on trees. If people want a basic income they need to basically work.
@_date: 2017-02-02 23:49:30


That's the thing. The US hasn't invested in science and technology, not primarily anyway. What innovations and technologies have NASA and the space program unleashed? What economic benefits have there been. It's true we spend a fortune on education, but our kids (with rare exceptions) stink.   The Internet was created in the US, but that was a fluke, an unintended consequence of a defense project. That's where a lot of the money has went, to the military and funding war &amp; military adventurism. 
The US is certainly an economic powerhouse and has the greatest entrepreneurs, companies and opportunities (e.g. Apple, Google), but that's due to the powerful effects of capitalism and freedom, which the U.S. still retains vestiges of which haven't yet been totally distorted. We'd be more wealthy *without* all the debt. How could you think otherwise?
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:47:33
Yes, I thought you were also against patents. I was more thinking out loud. The next question is how do we get rid of patents? :)
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:14:19


The problem is a *currency*, which requires shared confidence, isn't that simple. That's what you and all the people who upvoted you don't seem to appreciate IMO. You're *never* going to get everyone to agree on everything. In the meantime large scale adoption of a currency involves many (most?) who won't understand (or care) what such debates might be about. They simply want to know their stored value is relatively safe. If the only widespread consensus becomes there can simply never be enough consensus I have real concern for viability in general.
@_date: 2015-05-23 18:47:24
Nobody is perfect. Give the guy a break.
I'll let you in on a secret. I originally rejected the idea of Bitcoin, and so did Gavin Andresen...
Not everyone gets it right away, and if you don't have a technical background you're *really* in trouble. I think Peter is wrong on Bitcoin, obviously, but I don't miss a [podcast]( he does.
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:37:06
Read my earlier comment about setting up a 2-of-3. You may find it helpful:
@_date: 2017-02-26 16:05:08


You just asked a question that baffled presidents like Obama, who noted wage growth has been low over decades. The answer is in two parts. The first part is that monetary policy only goes one way: more money. It has to because the whole system is inflation based. The second part is harder to understand but the short answer is workers on the bottom don't receive the full increase of inflation in wages. Please see my [earlier comment here]( for a more detailed explanation of this.
@_date: 2015-01-21 01:42:36


As I said in that thread, nobody can predict it. You get all your credentialed economists to have a look and crunch the numbers, give blessing, then World War 3 breaks out over a decade and scraps all that expectation. 
I think you're being over cautious, and Peter Todd exceedingly so. It's not that I don't see the hesitation you guys do; I understand it. It's that I believe I see no less than three workable offsets should we severely screw up to the upside (not likely). They are alt-coins, unforeseen technological advances, and the potential of as-yet-unrealized fiber being rolled out. In other words I place my bets in favor of, not against technological progress. History is on my side in this. If you cut risks down to zero, but make Bitcoin uncompetitive/unworkable globally have you really succeeded at anything?
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:05:28
I thank you for posting as you've given me an idea related to something I worked on before.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:54:12


So? It doesn't matter why people value something, it only matters whether they value it. People have valued gold for *thousands* of years, and yes jewelry/status etc have been primary reasons. I can't see people valuing Bitcoin much if it can't be transacted.


A secure blockchain requires a valuable commodity unit for miners to secure it. Everything works together, and doesn't work in pieces.
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:59:58


It's just a usability issue.
Most people won't be quick to use those options. The average joe likes simplification. If it's a question of trusting Coinkite, one company, for retrieving coins then that's simple, understandable, and probably safe given that if they screwed anyone they could only do it once. What's dangerous is everyone trusting a single company at all times with the ability to move coins, because taken together a one time heist could be worth it (or problem with rogue employee/mistake in security, etc).
The OP is actually using a bank vault too. Giving Coinkite an encrypted copy as well is just another failsafe.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:58:35
Well you can't argue both things. I've seen you suggest the Lightning Network is a (or the) solution to scalability. Now you're saying *if* it is what we use for scalability, then we raise the block size. Which is it? Do you believe LN can work or not? 
You want 1MB blocks, period. Then, later, *if* other technology arises which accommodates global transaction rates, but requires 100MB blocks, then - when it's certain to be harder to make hard forks with a larger community - then we try raising the block size. I don't get that.


Because a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. The smaller the community the easier and more likely hard forks are adopted. Tell me you disagree.
@_date: 2015-05-12 19:27:58


Hopefully nobody misses your sarcasm. Well here comes a true test of the free market. A digital currency which has "approved" mining locations and runs code not open to inspection just screams shenanigans. Their promo video seems oddly familiar too.
@_date: 2016-03-22 14:36:43


Wait, both posts are submitted by u/anti-fragile within minutes of each other. What's up with that?
@_date: 2016-01-27 19:54:10


The problem is that doesn't help. We don't need scientists or engineers. We've already had great ones contribute to Bitcoin. 
If the issue was purely technical it would be easy to solve. One could point to variables, measurements and math which could be analyzed and verified for correctness, and decisively end debate. There is no shortage of people able to do that in our community. The blocks size debate is so difficult because it's *not* strictly technical, but involves elements of economics, game theory and even psychology/human behavior (why don't most people run high capacity, private email servers?), which isn't so easy to nail down.
Nobody, no matter how brilliant they are, can be 100% accurate on economic predictions. It's not possible. There is always the unknown variable of human behavior in the equation, which isn't random, so good guesses can be made, but there is a lot of room for error and this increases the further you go out.
A second point is someone deemed highly qualified from the Core/Blockstream side, Dr. Adam Back, put forth a proposal of 2-4-8 increases which seems capable of supermajority consensus if Core would adopt it, but they [seem uninterested]( in discussing it or adding it to their roadmap.
@_date: 2017-02-27 17:19:58


I didn't say it wasn't. I said if it was *primarily* valued this way. It's not currently. Most people don't even know [what the Federal Reserve is]( much less know anything about seeing gold as a store of value.


Agreed, if I can just tack the following onto the end of your sentence: when considered a store of value by some small percentage of the global population.
@_date: 2015-01-01 21:05:42
Well, they wouldn't be that expensive to create. They could be printed out in bulk on a home printer with bw ink to save money. The [fancy ones]( are simply for bragging rights ;)
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:38:28


Maybe not. Sometimes it's not about cutting off all secure methods of communication. It's about ensuring it's not *too easy* for the common people. After all, who knows what they might be saying...
@_date: 2017-02-02 20:14:14
Iran is definitely no Iraq. Besides that Iran is also likely [backed]( by Russia and China, two more nuclear superpowers. In other news the Doomsday Clock [moved closer to midnight]( to a level not seen since 1953 (after the US and Soviet Union tested hydrogen bombs).
@_date: 2017-02-03 00:44:00
Your statement shows you don't understand much about geopolitics. The two are not even comparable.
First, all of the territories you mention are either current Russian territory, disputed territory, past territory, or at least bordering territory. Russia has a strong position to argue from (although I'm not saying I agree with their position). I can see fighting to protect nearby interests, but traveling across oceans to fight is another story entirely. Second, the U.S. isn't a major trading partner with any of those territories for securing a significant part of their oil, unlike Russia and Iran. What would the U.S. say if Russia started beating the war drums threatening to invade Canada? Third, it's not only Russia. Iran would likely be backed by China as well.
 
@_date: 2015-01-11 18:49:17


Alt-coins are not fragmenting the market. Bitcoin, the  cryptocurrency, is likely to stay that way IMO. It has over 90% of the cryptocurrency market. I really don't get what the fear is. Again, I don't think ALL alt-coins should be successful, because that means infinite inflation. I think MOST alt-coins should die horrible deaths, as many do. But, having one or two coins with say 10-20% of the market in my mind provides insurance. It's not like you can't own the top two or three, so you don't lose anything if any of those three gain or alternate between them. 


This is the problem I have. It seems reckless. People like you seem to think Bitcoin is destined for success, and the road will be smooth, and in any case where it's not, it will be a SIMPLE matter to deal with things. I sincerely believe that may not be the case, not when you're involving millions, possibly hundreds of millions of people, all with differing opinions on how to handle things, yet there must be consensus. You seem to think hard forks are a simple, non-messy, matter. I don't know how to explain to you what danger possibly exists there.
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:22:04


You speak as if everything is over. Litecoin isn't dead, and it's far above the $0.05 where it was when I first recommended it. As long as it exists, whatever the price, it serves the purpose I describe.


Again, you speak in absolutes. Obviously it was never 100% of the community that felt this way. Otherwise the price of Litecoins would be $0. Instead Litecoin still has a $60M market cap ( just like Bitcoin did at one point.


Here we have to agree to disagree. It's funny (not really) because that's EXACTLY my point. You're never going to get loads of different people who see things differently to agree and see things the same way. That equals disaster when it comes to hard forks, and it gets worse the more people are involved.
@_date: 2015-01-11 06:14:27
Have you even been paying attention? What do you think the GHash.io crisis was?
GHash had to *voluntarily* scale back their operation because they were too top-heavy, spinning up cheap ASICs which the entire rest of the Bitcoin network couldn't keep up with. 
They approached over 51% all by themselves! The community backlash was fierce filling up the front page with condemnation and some hackers even DDoS'ing them. GHash eventually self-limited themselves. It wasn't the miracle of Bitcoin's design which solved that problem. Ignore reality if you want.
P.S. Please remember to downvote this too, everyone! Thanks.
@_date: 2015-01-25 12:03:35


No, he doesn't. What you call hoarding others call *saving*, which is a good thing. It's not sustainable to spend money you don't have. The "volatile" price you speak of is the currency gaining in purchasing power, another good thing, as people spend more when they can afford more. 


There is always a cost to artificially intervening in a free market. When you get things like the market cost of money incorrect you cause distortions (like malinvestment) which take a toll on the economy by sending false signals. 
Creating money from thin air in an unexpected way also transfers wealth from lower to upper classes automatically with rising prices, the result of the monetary inflation. Ideally, you don't want too much monetary inflation nor monetary deflation. Instead you want a money supply which expands roughly by the same amount as the population, resulting in *stable* prices. World population increases by about 1% annually. This is also near the growth rate in the world supply of gold. Bitcoin also increases by about 1-2% annually after its early high inflation - necessary to distribute the currency widely - in its first ten years of existence.
@_date: 2017-02-27 22:49:15


India has a population of roughly 1.3 Billion people. You're saying most of those people, at least half which is 650 million people (more than double the US population), have some notable amount of gold where they are storing their wealth?
@_date: 2015-01-28 20:22:14
Try this thread: 
@_date: 2015-01-18 20:42:28
*The way I view the Fed, and any institution, is its basically a computer program. Just like bitcoin, its an open-source computer program."*
Oh really? Post it go GitHub IMMEDIATELY please, I'm sure there are many that would like to tinker - code in some **transparency**, and decentralized **consensus based rules**...
@_date: 2015-01-22 19:45:00
@_date: 2015-01-21 01:10:07


You may have missed the main point I tried to drive home there, which is the expectation the ["last mile"]( which is the real bottleneck in consumer bandwidth (telecoms are mostly interlinked with fiber already), will likely be upgraded from copper to fiber over the next several years worldwide (some countries may leapfrog to fiber, as in places they've leapfrogged to mobile &amp; smartphones). The difference from copper to fiber is like dial-up to DSL, which probably still understates it. To quote myself:
*"I linked you to the report of Bell Labs achieving 10Gbps over copper. Here is the link to them achieving 100 petabits per second over fiber in 2009: ..'This transmission experiment involved sending the equivalent of 400 DVDs per second over 7,000 kilometers, roughly the distance between Paris and Chicago.'"*
The only thing we (including Nielsen) have ever known is copper. If that remained I'd probably lean more toward your thinking. My optimism and expectation, however, is based on fiber-to-premises being increasingly rolled out as it is in South Korea at over 60% and in the U.S. at a shameful 7% today.
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:45:39
A merchant accepting Bitcoin could probably be expected to have Internet service :)
@_date: 2017-02-02 18:50:07


Okay. I'll cede you that point. Sure it can be based on logic, just faulty logic.


Oh, I understand socialism very well.


Bullshit. It's always a f'ing excuse. No matter how many times throughout history this form of societal government has failed there will seemingly **always** be yet a new group in the next generation that refuses to give up, and will invent any excuse as to why it simply wasn't done correctly previously. Yes. It was F'ING Done Correctly. That's why there are no good examples of long term stability and success of the model (unlike freedom and capitalism). Look, as I hinted at... If it's so good you won't need to convince me or others. The model will find a way to succeed. Yet, somehow we don't see people choosing to start socialist countries. We do see people choosing to start free countries, though, and I'm not even talking by force or revolution. An example today is [Liberland]( a new country with pure free societal aspirations which began, has a political process underway, notable successes and zero use of force/violence. Why don't we ever see that happen with socialism? I'll tell you why. Because the actual smart people in the world, the doers in the world, are too smart to not to see why socialism will inevitably fail, always. They, like I, do understand all the positives and potential of a socialist model, but recognize it's a fool's errand. It's chasing some mirage that just doesn't exist in reality. Why can't it exist? I'll tell you. It's because of human behavior and self-interest. That hasn't changed throughout history and it's doubtful it will. Until you tackle THAT you will never convince people like me socialism has a snowball's chance in hell to beat freedom and capitalism in power and potential for a society.
@_date: 2015-01-20 21:19:25


Nice :)
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:14:23


LOL :D
Yes, I believe what I'm typing. The point probably hardest for you to understand is price.
What many miss (including Peter Schiff) is Bitcoin is a *currency*. It's not a stock. Price declines can be (and are, for now) a good thing because it's not reflective of disappointing performance of an underlying company. Instead, it's reflective of failure of demand at a certain price level to keep up with the early heavy inflation of the currency. However, the lower the price goes the easier it is for demand to keep up with that inflation.
So, how is that a good thing? A currency isn't useful if only one person uses it, as was the case when Satoshi first launched Bitcoin. A currency gains more value the more people use it. Say Satoshi set up the model so he could mine 20 million bitcoins the first day himself, leaving 1 million for the rest of the world. How successful do you think that would have been? There are already over 10 million bitcoins in existence. If the above happened each bitcoin would already cost over $10K each. Yet fewer than 1 million people would have them. It would be silly for another 10 million people (let alone more) to try to participate in such a lopsided economy. There wouldn't be any room for growth, hence no justification for $10K bitcoins. The price would implode. 
OTOH, if you allow enough time for wide access to coins, including at lower prices, it strengthens the currency overall, as more people have them. The other points are more subjective, but point  is what I'm most concerned with.
@_date: 2015-01-06 21:36:11
For those who think they've heard the name Jerry Brito before he was one of the ones that testified at the Senate hearing on Bitcoin in 2013:
The danger is not that somebody who is trying to facilitate an illicit businesses will leave the US, he said. The danger is that real hard-working entrepreneurs who are looking to comply just don't find a regulatory environment that is amenable here.
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:28:26
Fascinating video! I'll think more on his secret ballots for Congress (he has a fantastic point), but I think he's wrong about it being the "lionfish" or common source of problems and change starting in the 70's. I believe that was Nixon [breaking the dollar link to gold in 1971]( Perhaps these two things in tandem.
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:48:11


It's more costly for a *single entity*. It's not so costly when spread out over many people. That's how Bitcoin works too.
@_date: 2017-02-07 15:05:23


Who said anything about dollars? I said money and basic income. That can apply to any country and to anyone thinking they should receive something of value for nothing. It's a lazy notion. If people want to receive gifts, like for their birthday, that's fine, but idiots voting to make basic income law are just stupid. They don't seem to realize nothing comes free.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:27:57
Yes. I was probably the first in the community to suggest this was the true value in alt-coins. Back when there was pretty much only Bitcoin I implored people to support ~~lite~~ that other coin which now has a significant market share. It was around 5 cents then, while Bitcoin was around $8-10. People derided that notion, saying there can be only one...
@_date: 2017-02-09 16:09:11
OK, I'm not necessarily in favor of BU but I've come down on the side of bigger blocks. I have to say this is... funny as hell. OMG Honestly one of the few things that actually made me laugh on this subreddit in a long time. Best frame is  Carry on. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 23:34:47


Yes, that's what a hard fork is. What makes Bitcoin Bitcoin, or any alt-coin the same alt-coin, is a group of people agree to follow the same set of rules, aka the protocol. Software enforces and ensures compliance. 
However, it's possible to use the same set of address and balance data, but honor it with a procedure not in compliance with the aforementioned rules. That means you've made a hard fork of that copied blockchain data. There is no longer a limit on what you can do, since you've already stepped out of compliance. You can call your new coin, which is then an alternative, something different or the same name as before, but hard forked. Same differences either way.
@_date: 2015-01-26 21:11:41
Thanks for the info! My post is more targeted to those who may not be so astute about tax obligations and careful practices.
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:30:33
That's not the only reason there might be a desire to have a hard fork. Also, when you do decide to have a hard fork you also have to decide on the new protocol, because you know, some people might want different block times, different hashing algorithms, etc., yet everybody, *all 2 billion* or whatever it is, has to agree.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:56:52
I think you're wrong. If gold was valued primarily as a key store of value (instead of fiat paper currency) by much of the world the price would be far higher IMO.
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:19:02


I think you have a misunderstanding of Scrypt. The point of it is better defense against an attacker with resources, say a hostile government, building out a large-scale parallel attack. It's far more costly to do that with Scrypt mining than SHA-256 ASICs which cost about $1 each for chips once made. I don't worry about that happening to Bitcoin in reality because of the political consequences, but that's how the technology works.
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:39:21
I said *relatively* stable. The Russian ruble recently dropped [20% in a day]( and that's a government backed, long-term established currency. The gold market also experiences [high volatility]( I shouldn't need to point out how long gold has existed in a market for humans, and how many more participants than Bitcoin it has. Gold also has only about a 1% annual inflation rate.
All considered Bitcoin is doing *very* well. I don't know what you people expect from a hard-to-obtain (for now), hard-to-understand, enemy of entrenched bankers and corrupt regulators, unbacked experimental currency less than 7 years old. Really, anything over $1 should be considered a success.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:34:12
Yes, my point isn't so much about sales tax as it is about record keeping for any possible tax due, in the case of exchanges, capital gains. I'll edit the post :)
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:02:03
That's cool. I was just thinking maybe one version with say 20% of your coins, and another with 80%. You access the 20% for normal spending, leaving the 80% in a kind of cold storage (though it's the same setup). Then you're only dealing with two passphrases to protect and remember as opposed to five. It's a matter of preference, though. 
I would also say if you're storing a considerable amount, and you're breaking things down you might also explore another system for one set of coins (say greenaddress.it; I'm playing with coinb.in myself). This is even more precautionary. I don't anticipate much problem because Coinkite makes their multi-sig/key generation code open-source. However, we're still in the early stages of companies rolling this stuff out. So until things run for a while with time for implementations to be reviewed it's not a bad idea to try separate systems too.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:33:34


They are indirectly elected, as they are appointed by someone who was elected.


That's unfortunately true of presidents too. That's why there is supposed to be a balance of powers, so no single branch of government can become too abusive. And we see that working to some extent. President Obama got creamed at each mid-term election to his presidency, so he is now severely limited in what he can do, as he did some very questionable things.  That happened to GW Bush too.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:34:31
Greg Maxwell posts on Bitcointalk. If you don't think he is "technically qualified" I don't think you know what you're talking about.
@_date: 2015-01-12 05:02:38


Sure, there can be some ambiguity between us over the semantics of "hard fork", but *you're* the one that brought up Ethereum, not me ;)


Yes, that was the original definition, but Bitcoin and the cryptocurrency landscape looks very different today than it did in 2009, when there was *only* Bitcoin.
A hard fork definition now encompasses more than just changes to an original set of software. We now speak in terms of the *protocol*. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 13:59:44


It's unlikely there would be "intervening years of recession". Recessions which span multiple years, like the one we're in now, are usually the result of failure of the market to reset and cleanse mistakes, due to artificial intervention of central banks.


That already happens today. The difference is now it's a slow agonizing experience rather than a one time quick and efficient addressing of the problem, like ripping off a band-aid.


There will always be wealth and commerce in a society of people, because that is where these things come from, not government or central banks. It's when you get them out of the way that wealth and commerce can reach full potential. To think something wouldn't "kick in" is to think people are not able to exist and thrive without government, which of course is absurd.
@_date: 2017-02-24 03:46:03
And I almost didn't see this as I'm down to checking only once or twice per day. This story is almost past half way down the screen (off screen for me without scrolling) and it was submitted just 2 hours ago. Meanwhile the top **FOUR** stories are about Bitcoin price, with three submitted &gt;8 hours ago and hundreds of upvotes (this story has ~65). Perhaps if HTTPS was broken that news would make the 3rd or 4th spot. 
@_date: 2017-02-21 00:54:16


Um, why? Police get paid for you to call them. And people legally carrying a gun openly are not against having police around. In fact, the more law abiding citizens openly carrying a gun, including police, the safer an area is likely to be.
@_date: 2017-02-07 19:11:55


I didn't say it was.


It's not necessarily incompatible, but they certainly don't align well. It would be like transplanting some organ of a pig into a human. It might be medically possible, but that doesn't mean it's wise to do.
The bottom line is socialism is a flawed philosophy. The reason it's flawed is it IGNORES a fundamental truth about humans: they seek to put their self-interests before others. Therefore anybody who wants to force some aspect of socialism into some aspect of society in my honest opinion, just isn't very bright. Sorry. History proves this out. It's not theory. Socialism throughout history has proven itself as a flawed societal model.
@_date: 2015-01-12 19:21:11


I think it's best to ask someone with better insight, like Bobby Lee CEO of [BTC China]( However, from what I understand Bitcoin is not outlawed in China. People can use it. The only restrictions apply to the banking system in China, which is banned from interaction with Bitcoin.


Who can say for sure?


I'm not sure it's the fastest, but I've heard there is a lot of enthusiasm and interest there.


Criminals use USD, Russian rubles, gold, cellphones, bicycles and airplanes. Any criminal use of Bitcoin is tiny compared to such established products. Using Bitcoin may be less advantageous for high profile crimes, due to the data trail it can leave.


Bitcoin is doing very well by all metrics. Development, new companies, venture capital and usage are all up. Even the price is holding up well considering Bitcoin's intentional high inflation rate (done to distribute the currency).


Russia is one country. There are many others and Bitcoin is global. It would be unfortunate for many Russians, but it wouldn't substantially impede Bitcon's progress.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:19:39
That's why the Supreme Court doesn't control the law either...
The Supreme Court **can't legislate**. The Supreme Court can only interpret what's there. What is there is still determined by the people, through their representatives (or it's supposed to be).
@_date: 2015-01-21 00:01:19


Theymos, did you see the [scalability discussion]( a number of us had with Gavin on Bitcointalk a couple months ago? We covered what might be reasonably expected for bandwidth increases into the future, noting [Nielsen's Law of Internet Bandwidth]( (real world data over 30 years). We reached good consensus in that thread for Gavin's currently proposed course, which is actually lower than Nielsen's Law, and actually slightly higher than what his post today calls for (we started with 20MB blocks).
I originally agreed with you when Gavin first proposed 50% yearly increases, but while working and thinking through that thread I became convinced that was probably workable, using the U.S. as a guideline (currently about 14th in terms of world bandwidth speed). I ask you to consider not everyone will rise proportionately (imagine the lack of even basic technical infrastructure in much of the world), nor do they need to. There will always be alt-coins (able to be traded with Bitcoin) created to fill any unmet market demand. Likewise, in the worst case if Bitcoin did overshoot to become centralized alt-coins and the market would again solve the problem.
In other words, I think we win either way with cryptocurrency, but I'd prefer Bitcoin continued leading the charge into the future, rather than some alt-coin that implemented Gavin's plan steal its thunder (which make no mistake, could be very possible).
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:06:02


You're proving my point that the issue remains contentious.


I don't know what you mean here.
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:16:27
I've explored Coinkite's site a bit and I get the impression they're brilliant in terms of technology, but that English isn't their primary language. I believe what they mean there is "we can decrypt it - with the passphrase which you supply to us in an emergency/backup situation".
@_date: 2015-01-25 13:36:58


Why do you think money exists? Why wouldn't funds be circulated back through the economy?


Incorrect. If I save rather than spend a $100 bill in my pocket I've reduced money velocity, not money supply. The $100 bill still exists.


If and when recession occurs in a free market it's healthy because the market is correcting imbalances.


You have that backwards. If the flow of funds freezes that's when you're most likely to be able to ascertain fair value. Think of it this way. I have a pocket full of money and you want to sell me a car. I threaten to walk off your lot so you begin to negotiate the price. That's when we're *most* likely to arrive at a fair value.


If they do that that's part of the market cleaning up mistakes and rewarding (or punishing) people for their past financial decisions, or lack thereof. Where do you think the phrase "always save for a rainy day" comes from?


I don't know what you mean here. That's the situation we have today. You may be talking about reallocation of wealth, which is possible during a market restructuring.


Markets which are controlled cease to be markets.


It's people not free markets that behave irrationally at times. A free market is a handy mechanism to correct imbalances from irrationality.  


That's often human nature. However, those who plan and are responsible are often not affected by the weakness and bad decision making of others. It's when they are forced to share in mistakes which are not their own that there is a problem.


I'd argue a lack of rules is far, far, far more dangerous than hard clear rules, rules which you can plan on to not be given a bait-and-switch, or "so sorry, tough luck sucker" default on.


The severe deflationary depression of the 30's came about because of the inflationary intervention in the market of the Fed before (which enabled the 'roaring twenties'). That is usually the case. Intervention in markets of government or central banks actually cause the problems they claim to be saving society from. Anyway, there is nothing saying Bitcoin must exist in a vacuum. Unlike government fiat currency use of Bitcoin is voluntary and not subject to a monopoly on the market for money. It's likely we'll see a market in which government fiat and cryptocurrencies compete. Competition in markets is *always* a good thing for the end user/consumer.
@_date: 2015-01-25 11:43:54
My mouth is gaping open. A HERO?!?! Hahahahaha!
Yes, we in the Bitcoin community aspire to be insidious parasites aiding governments worldwide in screwing up their economies.
@_date: 2016-03-13 20:11:46
Don't be too sure. Look at this monster:
@_date: 2015-01-21 13:33:18


I agree with that, but I sincerely believe our community has the best qualified people in the world working on Bitcoin, and these people are also more likely to be right than wrong on technical matters. 
The second part of my point is you'll never eliminate all risk in life, so what you do is weigh choices and hedge when you can. I think Gavin's plan does that well, especially considering his original uncompromising position of no cap at all on block size.
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:27:08
Something to consider is there are different ways to look at events. People get caught up focusing on negatives, but I can see positives to all of those points:
1. Price below $300 - Many complain of people who "bought low" and "enriching early adopters" leading to Bitcoin is a Ponzi talk, without realizing anyone who didn't buy for pennies thought they were buying too high - including people who bought for $5-10 where the price was for over a year. In the future people will probably complain of those who bought under $500, under $300.
2. Paycoin scam drama - this adds drama and interest to the community when things were getting a bit boring. Some people thrive with this kind of stuff. It's a free market. This stuff will get sorted out.
3. Bitstamp being offline - this is a helpful reminder people should store most of their own coins, and look into security models like multi-signature, including exchanges. Heightened awareness of security is always a plus, and makes us stronger.
4. Vault of Satoshi closing - a post the other day asked if they were "too late for the Bitcoin train". Not in the least. This ecosystem is still so underdeveloped opportunities remain immense. Thanks to VOS for exiting with responsibility and integrity, hopefully clearing the way for even better services.
@_date: 2014-06-07 16:32:21
GHash understands marketing and presentation. They also offer the most merge mined coins (BTC,IXC,DVC,NMC). Finally they tie in a  hashrate trading platform (CEX.io) allowing anyone to get in/out of mining as they please. The people behind GHash are to mining as Mark Zuckerberg is to social networking. If there wasn't a 50% concern they would have over 90% of the pooled network by now I'm sure.
Slush's Pool was the first pool, now they have less than 5%. View [Slush's page here]( now view [GHash.io]( Any questions?
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:13:18
Wow, that miner purpose line got  3 replies! :O
I'll reply to yours here only for space. You forget miners are also full-nodes... If full-nodes (or mining full-nodes) can't say what is or isn't valid then there is no Bitcoin in the first place. (And, yes, I know some miners don't validate everything in practice, just as some nodes don't.)
@_date: 2015-01-11 21:22:29
Well, unfortunately, neither path may be painless. Of course zero pain is what everyone wants, but it simply may not be possible, because many people once set in their priorities and belief systems can't be swayed, no matter what. That's what I've been trying to explain to people for a long time, but I can't be 100% effective, of course. 
So we'll choose the path of least resistance and do the best we can in any case, and hope for the best. That's all we can do.
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:48:26


I agree, but you honestly believe there is more risk having alt-coins, which clearly are NOT stopping Bitcoin from being successful, than there is from messy hard forks? Remember, also, that *all* crypto is confidence based. Loss of confidence in the model can mean no coin, not even Bitcoin, works.
@_date: 2015-01-20 23:15:47


[Nielsen's Law of Internet Bandwidth]( based on real world data shows bandwidth increasing by roughly 50% every year for the last 30 years.
@_date: 2015-01-01 21:00:15
No that would be pretty hard. The closest thing I can think of is something like [Casascius coins](
It would have to be a trusted party that created the coin, and then people would need to be pretty sure the value wasn't tampered with. If that happened, though, the coins could be re-used and circulated just like normal coins :D
@_date: 2016-03-31 23:18:58
Okay, you got me, not 100% mind you, but I did think no way let me check this out to see what the mistake is or what's the deal. April 1 didn't cross my mind. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 03:14:15
I hadn't seen that, but it's still a hard fork.


The trouble with that phrase is "the Bitcoin network" is ambiguous. There is no such thing, really. There are only sets of rules and sets of people following those rules. What people *call* the Bitcoin network can be different. Technically what we know as "Bitcoin" (the BTC commodity trading on Bitstamp) now is an alt-coin, assuming we call Satoshi's original release "Bitcoin". That's because it's already a fork from the blockchain Satoshi released in 2009. There may be a couple miners somewhere still extending the original non-patched blockchain, but it's incompatible with the Bitcoin r/bitcoin refers to; but this doesn't make it lose its status as the original Bitcoin blockchain, which had the serious bug.
One of the points of Bitcoin's protocol is to invalidate coins which are spent more than once. This means if you clone the unspent outputs and associated keys then spend them in some other system the balances of the other system won't match the Bitcoin blockchain, since it would reject the alternative transactions, unless of course they followed all the protocol rules (which include behavioral quirks in Bitcoin Core software), in which case you wouldn't have a hard fork at all, just another software source for alerting the Bitcoin blockchain of valid transactions and blocks.
@_date: 2015-01-20 21:17:17
Yes, but I prefer to frame things with a more conclusive outlook. If we leave things in the air with never any *perceived* progress, I worry nothing ever gets done.
Edit: [nevermind](
@_date: 2016-03-05 14:49:40


You're right. It's u/nullc's statement that is wrong. Nodes were declining long before then.
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:20:06


That's not what the wide distribution of Scrypt mining shows.
@_date: 2015-01-22 20:43:02
I think you make a good point, but keep in mind bitcoin is (or at least can be) a lot easier to work with than gold, by its digital nature.
Everyone was forced to comply with [Executive Order 6102]( because it would have been pretty easy to spot those out of compliance. If you had one million dollars in gold, even 100K, that would be pretty hard to hide somewhere. You'd have nightmares of agents visiting your premises with metal detectors. 
OTOH bitcoin can of course be stored in any amount in any geographic location easily, and retrieved just as easily with smart password management. Transacting bitcoin in the marketplace could be done surreptitiously too. I talked about how [one-time-use paper wallets]( could be used conveniently, whereas the difficult portability of physical metal is what led to paper use in the first place.
Erik's main point is about the ability to opt out, and with Bitcoin that's more feasible than with physical metal IMO. Of course, I think there would be more pressing problems with a government that feared and resorted to confiscating digital information.
@_date: 2016-03-14 01:05:48
I said I'd made my last reply to you. This is really the last, just an addendum because I never clarified my own position on block size.
I don't agree 100% with Gavin. I don't believe there should be no limit on block size. However, I don't believe the other extreme (basically from u/nullc / Gregory Maxwell) that block size should remain at 1MB or thereabouts indefinitely. I think at present we can handle 2MB easily, and probably 4MB. That gives us immediate on-chain scaling. Now, additionally, because I'm absolutely convinced we will make *some* technical progress in the next 20 years we should include in our block size plan this expected capability. That means something over 2-4MB long term. What that is exactly I don't know, and I don't think is as important, because the bottom line is it's decidedly over 1-2MB but under unlimited. I don't see how anyone can find that unreasonable. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 20:32:40
It's rare that I disagree with Gavin, but I disagree here, only because I previously came up with a way to define named crypto-currencies. I liken it to a club. I think that's the best analogy. Anybody can found a club,  and anyone can join, but if the founder leaves does the club cease to exist? Of course not. Clubs can take on a personality of their own, and remain active so long as people choose to be involved. If someone proposes something radically different they can be booted out or start their own club.
A test here is proof-of-work. I think that's arbitrary. We've always said if under sufficient attack we might change the POW as a defense strategy. I don't think that means we're no longer the same group operating under the same beliefs. The group that is "Bitcoin" currently includes all the exchanges, users, developers etc. that all agree to participate in the large network that currently operates on the same blockchain and UTXO set. If something happens where the participants involved are forced to re-evaluate or choose some other set of beliefs commonly shared among a group then the title I'd imagine would evolve to reflect the change (see surprise ETH fork).
@_date: 2015-01-28 23:05:28
rnvk is from Coinkite, but I'm sure he appreciates the tip all the same ;)
@_date: 2015-01-25 17:16:01


The first 100 years of the United States of America. Even up until around the 1950s it was possible to have a husband "breadwinner" which could afford a house, support a wife and kids with a high school diploma.
Did you ever hear of a tv show called The Brady Bunch? It was a show in the late 60's about a family where the guy, Mike Brady, by himself supported a large family consisting of six kids, his stay-at-home wife, a maid, and a dog in a large two-story house in a California suburb. The comedy was the misadventures of the characters, not the near impossibility of such an arrangement present day when everyone's wife has to work and people are *still* behind, with ever diminishing quality of life [for the middle class]( 
@_date: 2016-03-18 21:10:19


See my other comment to Gavin believes in implementing SegWit and fixing malleability. Everyone does. Incidentally SegWit can be implemented cleaner and with less complexity in a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:51:34
I will. I'll continue working on services that support it too. I understand people thinking "there can be only one", and perhaps even tying that to personal financial interest, but I don't think that's the healthiest thing for the crypto-currency movement in general.
@_date: 2017-02-27 17:23:55


Perhaps. However, its demand for uses other than as a store of value (by a small percentage of global population) might pick up too.
@_date: 2017-02-16 16:23:28


Yes I was just thinking along similar lines this morning. Miners are the key. In this debate about what Bitcoin does it comes down to miners. I think Charlie is wrong here:
*Miners are not asked to vote, Mr. Lee explained. They are asked to signal for when they are ready to support a new feature. Signaling is a way to coordinate between the miners. The users decide whether or not to accept this new feature.*
What Charlie is missing is that miners *are* users. They're a sort of super user. In Bitcoin, from a technical perspective, there are users and super users, or nodes and mining nodes. Bitcoin's original design saw many ordinary users as super users (when it was possible to mine on a home PC).
It matters little what developer opinion is. It matters only a little more what popular opinion is. What matters is what miners do. That's the governance model in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:47:14
I love this guy. I think a decentralized stock market is ambitious to say the least, though.
@_date: 2015-01-06 03:00:40


I'm a true Bitcoin fan and developer. I already ignore the hype, and I'll continue working on apps which support the currency and ecosystem. I'm mostly interested in supporting the currency, though. I've been involved with Bitcoin since it was under $0.50 and I'll be involved if and when it's at $10K or $100K. The probable difference between you and me is I'll be around, commenting in all cases, because I consider all those cases a success. 
Except for my introduction to Bitcoin, when I misunderstood it, I've believed Bitcoin had a great chance at success. I continue to believe that. I'm just waiting for the world to catch up and see how things turn out.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:24:48


I kind of like this video by [Ted Nelson]( explaining it. It's more than you're asking for, but I think you'll be glad to have watched it :)
[How Bitcoin Actually Works](
Note: I disagree with him on Satoshi Nakamoto's identity.
@_date: 2015-01-11 18:19:04
I don't think all alt-coins are a good thing. In fact I used to be like you where I thought anything that wasn't Bitcoin was a waste of time, that alt-coins were a useless distraction.
Then the community had its first giant argument over the announcement of Bitcoin Foundation, threatening centralization of power, especially since it included key players including (at the time) Charlie Shrem (Bitstamp), MtGox, Gavin Andresen and others. I felt (as did others) this might continue into the future to gain political and other centralized interest leaving lesser Bitcoin voices in the dust. Sure, there could be a hard fork, but ripping apart a half-trillion dollar project (hopefully eventually) could cause chaos and loss of confidence in the cryptocurrency concept overall. 
I then realized the solution was alt-coins. There needed to be some *alternative* people could go to if the direction of Bitcoin (or attacks or flaws against it) threatened faith people had in it working. A viable alternative coin could keep Bitcoin honest without ripping apart value violently. People could migrate peacefully to express dissatisfaction. Litecoin was the first alt-coin launched fairly and with real thought gone into making improvement, which was reflected in its market leading price at the time ($0.05). I supported and recommended it for these reasons. I don't believe every alt-coin fits this purpose or needs to exist. However, I do strongly feel it's a lot safer to have at least one or two decent alternatives to Bitcoin on general principle. How much harm is in that? People seem to think it's the end of the world.
@_date: 2015-05-04 17:55:43


I like the lightning network as a useful tool in our toolbox, but don't think it's a full solution.
The problem is no matter how you slice it you're introducing a middle man. The transacting parties must be connected to the same hub, which can ultimately decline to accept or block the transaction. Any central entity can also be pressured politically. This is the brilliance of Bitcoin. It's directly peer to peer. It's also unclear what incentive hubs have to provide channel throughput, although I imagine fees would be likely and that's fine.
The nice thing is the lightning network is an improvement on the central clearinghouse model by providing transparency and better protection of funds.
@_date: 2017-02-18 15:32:38


IANAL, but I think the key is whether he left a will. If he didn't then legally speaking I believe any wished claimant is out of luck, which is why wills are important. 
It sounds like his brother and father were on good terms with him. They should know if he left a will. Based on the OP's info it seems his death was unexpected and there is no will. It also seems he had no spouse, which is who would have default legal claim to his possessions. Absent that then why wouldn't it go to his closest blood relatives? Should it just go to the State so they can waste it? Unless he didn't want them to have it (and he might have guarded against it if so) they have every right to it IMO.
@_date: 2015-05-04 03:50:48


Well I'm glad you cleared that up. I guess all the people who have been arguing against increasing block size, going on years now, and core developers reluctant to increase block size simply don't understand the issue. Especially since nobody has been debating 20MB. We haven't even gotten past 1MB. So maybe you should just waltz over and straighten those people out. Piece of cake, so we can all finally stop debating the issue.
Oh wait... not even everyone agrees on what "the purpose Bitcoin is meant to serve" is. Hmm we're going to need you to explain to us a bit more for our understanding, we the naive and shortsighted.
@_date: 2017-02-12 07:03:19


Yes. Did you not read my last sentence? Correlation doesn't equal causation. I'm pretty sure President Obama's approval ratings increased over the same time period. Does that mean full-nodes dropped because people were more satisfied with Obama? Let me put it another way: If we cut block size to .5MB right now, like tomorrow, you (and Greg Maxwell) would seem to suggest we should see a large increase in number nodes over the next several months, around double. I bet that's not what happens. I bet we'd see little or no increase at all. We might even continue the decline. THAT is my point.
@_date: 2015-01-11 22:21:48
That's known as a Bitcoin blockchain hard fork, technically.
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:57:37
Nice article. I think the difference between Bitcoin's first five years and next five years will be night and day.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:00:57
See my comment here: 
@_date: 2015-05-02 01:07:21
Hmm I'm a bit unhappy with a couple suggestions. First, the title "the end of money as we know it" seems to suggest some binary outcome, like Bitcoin or what we've had the last 100 years. It's unlikely the outcome will be binary. Gold for instance certainly isn't going anywhere. Gold has been valued as money for thousands of years, the reason central banks still hold it in reserve. The problem Bitcoin solves is one of money related to governments, but gold is something governments already can't abuse, which is why they've abandoned their gold standards.
Next, the questioner asks "...or is it a recipe for financial disaster?" Bitcoin was released in 2009. The financial crisis happened a year earlier in 2008. Argentina's currency collapsed (the last time) in 2000; the hyperinflation in the Weimar Republic happened between 1921-1924, and many more fiat currencies have gone to zero over time. To the extent the world experiences future financial turmoil it probably won't be from the advent of Bitcoin. Fiat currency has no problem self-destructing on its own.
If the full story isn't being told I wonder what exactly will be.
@_date: 2015-01-10 18:13:25
**Naomi:** You want transparency in government. What better way to get transparency than to say the government should use Bitcoin? It is by definition an open ledger system.
**Clueless journalist:** It is not an open ledger system.
**Naomi:** You can see exactly where your tax dollars are going, from it leaving your wallet to where it is being spent. Imagine the outcry when you can see the incredible waste.
**Clueless journalist:** That's just not accurate.
This is what we're dealing with people, sheer ignorance.
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:59:51


Sure, it's always easier to secure things when you enhance the control and surveillance you have over people. The problem is that doesn't come without a trade-off. A better question might be do people want perfect security from all boogeymen at any cost?
*Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. - Benjamin Franklin* 
@_date: 2017-02-16 21:14:58


Interesting. But it's miners that etch the blockchain, and that's the backbone of the entire system, what everyone points to, right? I don't want to get into much quibble over minutiae, I just think a system has to have some sort of authority otherwise there is no order, and in Bitcoin miners IMO, via the blockchain, are it.


Yes, I see what you mean. It's an interesting philosophical question for the crytpocurrency geek. I still think in practice, though, it's the tangible votes that count, at least more obviously.


I'm curious about your unannounced plans to ensure cooperation ;) I agree people in your position for a crytpocurrency (a leadership and developer role, not unlike Satoshi) have outsize power and influence. It will be interesting to see how things play out in the cryptocurrency world. Of course, now it's perhaps more apparent why it's good to have more than just Bitcoin in existence. That's something I think we do agree on. Thanks again for all you do for the crytpo effort/movement.
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:54:28


Like I said, you don't know you're not wrong. 
Anyway, like I said we're not going to convince each other to change our view. Which, again, is my point.
@_date: 2015-01-20 21:06:16
Actually I think Gavin just gave us the how, and even the when, but left implementation up to consensus.
@_date: 2015-01-25 19:24:09
Banks don't lend money they get from deposits. They lend many times the excess (up to one thousand times) of single deposits. Even the Bank of England [recently admitted this](
Fractional reserve banking is part of the problem. If it's too easy for any joe blow to start a business and be financed, regardless of his value proposition and risk, that raises the opportunity cost to the more savvy, possibly more responsible entrepreneurs, potentially squeezing them out altogether. Anecdotaly, the number of people starting new businesses of their own in the U.S. is at an all time low:
*The U.S. now ranks not first, not second, not third, but 12th among developed nations in terms of business startup activity. Countries such as Hungary, Denmark, Finland, New Zealand, Sweden, Israel and Italy all have higher startup rates than America does.*
*We are behind in starting new firms per capita, and this is our single most serious economic problem. Yet it seems like a secret. You never see it mentioned in the media, nor hear from a politician that, for the first time in 35 years, American business deaths now outnumber business births.*
@_date: 2015-01-11 19:36:52
What happens if you're wrong? Nothing?
@_date: 2015-01-28 15:58:34
This looks good to me, and I'm glad to see more people working with multi-sig as I think it can be even more secure than hardware wallets. 
The one comment I'd make is about having 5x the setup. To me I'd worry about management/complexity issues. Why not have, say, 2x that setup? I'm just suggesting it's less to keep track of. Anyway, I *really* like people starting to explore this. I'm working on some multi-sig projects myself. I think it's the holy grail of making Bitcoin bulletproof and secure, while maintaining ease of use for the average Joe.
Also, be sure to keep a couple written copies of your encryption passphrase written down somewhere completely separated from any of the keys or computers :)
@_date: 2016-03-18 20:54:22


You must have missed my earlier comment. Gavin believes in an **all of the above** solution to helping Bitcoin scale. That includes SegWit. What you're suggesting is if we only implement SegWit and increase capacity ~75% for our global payment system, now serving ~0.05% of world population, we're fine. 
We need more than that, obviously. There are many ways to scale Bitcoin. Even Greg Maxwell himself believes raising the block size limit is likely a necessary part of scaling (read Core's roadmap). So you can't say going to 2MB is infinitely a no-go from that perspective. Your only argument then is timing, which is done first; meanwhile we're at capacity now.
@_date: 2017-02-11 15:39:40


No, the hard block size remains at 1MB. The larger block crowd wants that raised which is for all data, not some data. The HK Consensus I [linked]( had what I consider an actual compromise: 
*This hard-fork is expected to include features which are currently being discussed within technical communities, including an increase in the non-witness data to be around 2 MB, with the total size no more than 4 MB....*
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:45:15


I don't think that's true.
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:10:06


Yes, but there is no set list of these miners, including how many there are. Since this can change, it's ambiguous. Any people in charge of running the software which makes them miners and nodes can *change their mind* any time and do something else. They're also free to call whatever they do differently whatever they want (e.g. "Bitcoin"), even if others disagree with them.


Yes, but the fact it started with cloned Bitcoin blockchain data is what makes it a "fork" of that data. Otherwise, it's a standalone alt-coin, like Litecoin for instance.
@_date: 2016-03-13 18:27:13
Operating a rotary telephone looks a bit dangerous actually. Dial - yank hand away - Dial - yank hand away - Dial
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:50:32


Banks won't disappear entirely. As you point out banks have a useful role. Bitcoins can be easier to work with and store than gold, but still require some effort and management. There is still opportunity to outsource this to reliable, accountable, centralized businesses, and people will to various degree.
However, even in the extreme case banks became as extinct as the Dodo bird, the environment would be the same for all people. Nobody could out-compete a neighbor in indebtedness simply to gain a business advantage. They'd have to use their own savings/resources, and whatever lending markets sprang up to meet the leftover demand for immediate access to funds not yet realized, i.e., loans and the market cost of money (interest).
@_date: 2015-01-11 02:07:26


How does it do that?
@_date: 2016-03-13 23:28:07
Perhaps if *you* dispense with preconceived notions and actually read a bit you'll get a clearer picture.
What you're doing is the equivalent of grabbing a sledgehammer to kill an ant. Again, *read* my direct reply to u/bpj1805. This was *before* you showed up replying. What I said was neither he (nor anybody, really) could know for certain whether we hit a permanent CPU wall. I don't think you're saying this (which is tantamount to saying you understand most everything about the nature of physics and the universe). However, as I noted even if we were at a wall, even if I conceded this, it meant little because we could *add more* processors per machine. Where is the limit then? So my argument didn't hinge on whether in fact we hit a wall. I was seeking to correct potentially closed-minded thinking with a more accurate view of reality.
Then you came along with a 6,000 word (or whatever) reply trying to argue the position of hitting a CPU wall, which, again, wasn't central to my point of view. And, yes, your primary (first) quote came from the Economist (my point here was it wasn't exactly the best way to try arguing a technical point). 
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:24:34
Actually, there is a way to do it. 
Total is $14.06
1. Hand merchant paper wallet (private key) worth $20
2. Merchant application scans key and collects $20
3. Merchant application sends change to a public key of $5.94
4. Merchant shows customer $5.94 transaction on blockchain.info
Entire process takes a few seconds with dedicated app.
@_date: 2017-02-18 18:40:20
They are both highly safe, but it's easier to make a mistake with a paper wallet where you're usually on your own. Hardware wallets are designed to make high security simpler and more convenient.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:03:45
BTC-e was hacked once too in the very early days, when every single exchange/site seemed to be getting hacked. If I recall correctly they paid losses out of their pockets and haven't been severely hacked since.
Definitely deserves some recognition [claps]
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:08:41
This shows it better:
It's two year chart of 2013 to 2015. There was clearly a huge bubble. The price spiked from under $100* to over $1100 in less than a month. Since that time the price has pulled back to more reasonable levels, but if you bought at less than $200, as many people did, you've experienced fairly stable pricing week to week, considering there are 3700 new coins added every day, meaning in the long run more people to interact with using bitcoins; a longer term good thing. 
The bubble wasn't the true price. If we never had that bubble, the price would have been rock solid around $100 with solid increases up to $200. The media would then report on the success of Bitcoin's investors and its price. It's all a matter of perspective.
**edit:** my mistake, that should be spiked from under $200
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:10:41


Think of how many households had televisions when they first came out. Think of how many people could fly on airplanes when first available. It's the cycle of technology and the price of being an early adopter. 
Things will get better and cheaper in time.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:53:31


Which is why we're all trying to determine best course to take, understanding everything won't be 100% covered; the design simply doesn't allow it.


If you're going to argue from that perspective users have little protection from colluding miners over block size anyway, do they not?
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:58:26
You do realize that two short years ago the price was under $100 don't you? The reason the price has been declining is people rushed into Bitcoin so forcefully, pumping the price up too high (over $1,000) before the community was ready for that. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:24:02
Yep. In fact I was going to propose this to Gavin. Some may know I've often insisted this was the true value to alt-coins, providing the community a way to solve difficult consensus decisions without messy hard forks. The market could simply decide by supporting the coin most people felt used the correct set of rules.
@_date: 2015-05-02 21:12:23
Repeatedly depositing the same numeric amount could look suspicious. That *might* have some justification, but I don't think that's how the SAR (suspicious activity report) is being applied. If the majority of your deposits are simply under the report amount, especially if cash, that alone can trigger the flag.
Around the time of the terror attacks I remember it was like anything over $10K, deposit or withdrawal. At one point I heard it was something like $1K for cash withdrawal. I don't know what it is now, but don't ask your bank teller, as *asking* is also deemed suspicious.
edit: added cash clarification
@_date: 2016-03-12 02:35:26
I don't know if Obama is ignorant, faking ignorance or what, so I'll address this for anyone unaware of the answer:


You do it because regardless of what digital data is protected people live in the *real world*. Crimes, like illegal pornography or planning terrorism, take place in the *real world*. Law enforcement still has all the investigative tools of surveillance and evidence collection it always has. Real world evidence doesn't all magically disappear into some encrypted black box.
Is law enforcement made harder? Sure, but there is always a power struggle (in America at least) between government and the people, and lately the government has certainly amassed and abused more than its fair share.
@_date: 2017-02-05 19:18:54


To be clear I'm talking about the big/small block approach, not implementation. There have been other big block implementations besides BU. The most recent developments surrounding BU go to what I said about there being more risk of no compromise... that there is growing desperation for some sort of change even if the actions taken are more risky.
@_date: 2015-05-16 21:15:35


That it's an americanpegasus post. ;)
Other than that a few things. First, as a species we are becoming more productive and enlightened. I was listening to something Dr. Richard Dawkins said on the topic of evolution I think it was. He stretched out his arms and said scale wise we haven't done much for our existence, represented from one end of his arm to the other, except at the last fingernail width we've had this avalanche of ability, productivity, understanding etc. which has all happened at the same time. Something like that. I shook my head. At that pace very quickly there won't be much to do.
Regarding money not all people live to spend it. Many die and leave it. Warren Buffet still has a great deal of his wealth, though there is supposed to be some schedule of it being donated to charity if I recall.
@_date: 2015-05-11 12:11:50
Somebody said something that made sense in another thread. They said, paraphrasing, being against someone essentially libertarian is being against yourself because libertarians want *you* to make decisions.
If you're against Rand Paul, or anyone else for that matter, on any given policy then Rand Paul remains the better choice because he will be less likely to force a top down solution, opting instead for one bottom up. He would let states decide. Then all you have to do is convince your state leadership/population what best course is.
The real problem is people are often too lazy to try solving their own problems. They would rather pawn it off to someone else and live with the consequences of poor decisions. Then people wonder how the country gets so screwed up.
@_date: 2016-03-13 15:46:36


Thank you Dr. Back for more objective commentary. I've said before I think you are more upfront with us than some in the small block camp and I appreciate it. Indeed if you had the power to negotiate a compromise between camps I think the block size issue would have been solved by now.
@_date: 2016-03-18 22:40:22
Your bolded objection:


...holds true for most any hard-fork. That's what a hard-fork is. It requires *everyone* to upgrade. So your inconvenience/messiness argument against doing a hard-fork limits you to never doing one, ever. That can't be correct. 
As I said even Greg Maxwell in Core's roadmap talks about hard-forking to raise the block size limit. So what are you saying? In that quote he admits the design could be 'cleaner', just as I said. His objection is the upgrade process.
The argument there isn't against SegWit so much as doing a hard fork at all.
@_date: 2015-05-04 00:25:53


That's precisely the problem with it. In negotiations leverage is helpful. We need the issue resolved. Smoothing things over a bit only makes people complacent, while more people to convince (with varying levels of understanding) come on board, making future changes harder. I fundamentally don't believe it's the same probability of bringing the community to supermajority consensus regardless of its size.


That's supposed to mean it's not a problem? It will happen because you're not worried about it?
@_date: 2015-01-19 00:29:41


It's funny you should mention Congress, as that's  the entity that's *supposed* to control the creation of money - a job Congress abdicated to the Fed. If it hadn't, and the people could directly vote out members rather than governors serving 14, 28 year or indefinite terms on a Board of Governors, then maybe you'd have a point.
@_date: 2015-05-23 21:21:37
Sometimes people talk past each other. He may have had people talk to him without really listening.
He has three things going against him. He's older, not naturally tech savvy, and set in his ways about gold. As the OP points out he also has a business that profits from his position/beliefs, so that's four. So maybe that plays a part too. I just think he still hasn't had the needed information sink in. It will eventually, when it can't be ignored any longer. At some point, when 70% of the world is using Bitcoin, he'll have to admit he miscalculated. ;)
@_date: 2015-05-02 14:37:39


That's like saying 21 million bitcoins isn't enough to conduct trade on a global scale. Both of these statements are of course ridiculous because each unit can be subdivided.
In the case of gold there would be some practical physical limit on division, but we could manage it even using nothing but gold for everyone, which would be unlikely. There are an estimated 10 billion ounces of mined gold in the world today. There are roughly 7 billion people. That means every singly person on earth would have at least one whole gold ounce to themselves. Of course you can divide an ounce by 100 at least, especially if it's to be represented in trade by a paper claim check, which would greatly increase any limit on division. Since there would be no inflation people would go back to earning only a few "gold dollars" per week, and that being sufficient income. That's with every single person in the world expected to trade and earn money at the same level, which is another thing not expected.
None of that factors in the increase in mined supply likely to coincide with gold rising so prominently.
@_date: 2017-02-03 01:41:19


My point there wasn't exactly about borders, but more about nearby trade interest. (My border point was about Russia defending borders/land claim, while the US can't say that) Still, however, even though they don't physically touch it's damn close. Look at a world map. It's like Russia, China, and Iran are all sitting around a dinner table. That's what I mean. I only said Canada because nobody else with substantial U.S. trade interests is close to the U.S. If Canada didn't physically touch, I would have still used them as an example.


You would have lost. I thought Trump had a very good chance of winning actually, near 50/50. Toward the end I thought Hillary might pull it out because Trump kept sticking his foot in his mouth. So I admit being surprised when he actually won, but I wasn't that surprised. (I also correctly predicted Brexit, for example) Truthfully, I stopped caring much about the U.S. election either way because my choice, Rand Paul, didn't make it.
@_date: 2014-09-26 19:10:04


If I sue you for negligence, say for breaking my ankle under your employ, it wouldn't be in a federal court. If you offer to give me 50,000 Federal Reserve Notes to cover my expenses and the judge rules your liability and debt to me now legally discharged, is that not making that paper legal tender?


Actually there is clear text on that as well. The federal government doesn't have any power in conflict with the Constitution, nor any powers not granted it by the Constitution as those are reserved to the states and people respectively. However, even allowing an ability to establish a national bank, states couldn't make anything it issued legal tender if it wasn't gold or silver coin.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:07:04


He just said the IRS may target certain types of **transactions** as a lead in from records gained from this program.
It's hard for government overreach to not be related in some way to all of those governed.
@_date: 2015-05-03 21:40:07
Thank you. Say what you believe. I think that's how we got so screwed up, people not paying attention, learning nor participating. The system won't magically fix itself.
I think the problem with Bernie Sanders is he's just a different slant on the same centrist coin. I don't think our problems stem from not managing our gargantuan government and central bank correctly. Our problems stem from our gargantuan government and central bank. The only candidate I've seen willing to address these items is Rand Paul.
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:25:28


What specific attack do you imagine? I ask because the idea behind Scrypt is to make it more difficult for attackers in the first place, by making optimizations costly in either direction of CPU or memory.
@_date: 2015-01-29 19:35:30


I'm not sure how someone would do that. Right now people (mostly) copy/paste addresses or use QR codes, so there is little chance of mistake there. Bitcoin addresses include a checksum which allows (well built) software to confirm an address is valid before funds are sent, so leaving off a character or mistyping one would result in an invalid address. Accidentally typing a different address which still has a valid checksum is highly unlikely. 
Now if some other valid address ends up being the one copied and pasted or scanned that's another story. The fate of those funds is solely determined by the holder of the matching private key.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:30:54


Not true. The fact is there are roughly [3,700 new coins]( entering existence every day. At $300 that's over 1 million dollars every single day (over a quarter billion a year) which demand from *somebody* has to soak up, or the price will decline. Since many bitcoiners have been involved for awhile it's unlikely the same few people  soak up all new coins. It's more likely **new participants** are what allows the price to be relatively stable over time. As I explained above, that's the truest and I believe most important consideration for Bitcoin's success.
@_date: 2017-02-27 18:56:00
I can't believe this guy is still willing to publicly come out against Bitcoin. I tried to tell him it was unwise on his channel (I know he reads comments there). He last commented saying Bitcoin was at a top at 1K and it was time to sell IIRC, yet Bitcoin has been steady over 1K for a record number of days. He also famously got the BearWhale call wrong saying that would be the death of Bitcoin.
Anyway Erik Voorhees [already debated him]( years ago. It's so long ago I can't remember how much he was destroyed, but I do know Erik as always provided extremely good arguments.
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:28:27
*Bear in mind this guy has gotten rich selling derivatives, financial advice and books.*
One of these things is not like the other.
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:53:14
And yet you're the one resorting to ad hominem attacks. I must have touched a nerve.
You didn't answer my question. How long have you been involved with the Bitcoin community? I'm quite curious.
@_date: 2015-05-11 17:46:54


Absolutely, but there is a role for government and a role for people to do things themselves. Rand Paul understands the difference (see U.S. Constitution which outlines *limited* government). Bernie Sanders believes government can solve people's problems. 
I'll put it this way. Are you happy with how we've turned out? Polls say the majority of Americans, regardless of party, think our country is on the wrong track. Well everything you're talking about is guaranteed to give us **more of the same**.
@_date: 2016-03-13 21:52:11


And what gives you absolute knowledge of this?
There are several things wrong with your suggestions. First, increases don't remain consistent over time as if predetermined. Improvements can come in fits and spurts. You don't know if we're in a lull period or truly hitting a permanent wall. Second, even if we're reaching a permanent wall - and this is only for CPU - you can simply add more processors per machine. Same with RAM. The largest bottleneck for Bitcoin is bandwidth. There is nothing to suggest we're hitting a wall there. Quite the contrary, we're way behind considering most of the world is using DSL over copper lines never intended to host the internet. Fiber to the premises however is already in some forward-thinking countries like S. Korea at over 60% penetration.
So let's not be intellectually dishonest. Even if I concede we've slowed progress in CPU and even memory (though it's [less likely]( ) we're talking about slowing from *exponential* improvement. Even linear or sub-linear is still progress, meaning a fixed block size limit today wouldn't equate to the situation 10-20 years from now, by any stretch of imagination.
@_date: 2016-01-23 16:00:07


Maybe, but it would take a giant toll on their credibility. They would have resisted the increase stubbornly to the point of alienating the community. Then once it happened and the sky didn't fall they would look, well, stubborn.
@_date: 2017-02-21 02:58:59


As I've posted before, I thought the [HK Consensus]( was a reasonable (and admirable, considering many seemed to be viewed as defectors) compromise.


It can. It's ridiculous to think if Satoshi had added a 2 or 3MB cap instead of a 1MB one none of this or us would be here.


So now the experts are also experts at political ideology? Nice. 


*Shudder.* Dangerous? Indeed. So is walking outside your front door as you may be struck by lightning. Really, if it's impossible to change your mind I understand. People can talk themselves into and rationalize anything.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:59:10
Yes, I agree, but not all people think this way. There were posts from people who were surprised to receive warnings or account suspension from Coinbase because they transacted with some crypto gambling site which accepted user coins for a "bank roll", which Coinbase doesn't permit.
I would think most people would understand the difference in compliance expectations between regulated versus unregulated exchanges, but it seems many do not.
@_date: 2016-03-13 17:58:25


It really is amazing that we happened to hit the maximum limits of technology exactly when Bitcoin showed up. Simply amazing. Good thing people like you are around to point this out.
@_date: 2015-05-28 03:53:25


You answered your own question by saying this:


For a free market to work well competition must be allowed. However, government regulation often stifles the competition that would exert market pressures to produce a better outcome. This comes from more government. 
So the monopolies in society actually grow larger with gargantuan government, because lobbyists influence govt to quash competition. We see this in many areas of the U.S. The too-big-to-fail banks got bigger.
@_date: 2016-03-10 16:55:28
I usually don't comment in this sub, but people really should take the half hour to listen to this (even the first 10 minutes are good).
Edit: Here is the best quote IMO:
"...there is a lot of criticism of the Fed. My answer is the best check on anyone's power is competition. What I suggest in the chapter on the Fed is, that what the Fed needs, is that we individuals should have alternatives, be able to constitutionally have alternatives to the dollar (Federal Reserve Notes) in how we settle our relations. I think more competition within the government, between the government and the private sector, things like that, **competition is what really gives us our freedom. If you don't have a choice you really don't have freedom**."
@_date: 2016-03-18 20:05:02
For the record, Gavin Andresen, one of the lead proponents of larger blocks has *always* been in favor of the Lightning Network proposal. He favors an "all of the above" approach to Bitcoin scaling solutions. People are working to push Lightning forward. People are working to make Bitcoin scale other ways too. There is no single silver bullet.
@_date: 2016-03-10 12:18:16


And what exactly does the verbiage permit, then?


That wasn't the "US government". That was an executive order by President Franklin Roosevelt. President != US Government.
@_date: 2015-05-01 18:24:31


He didn't say value would be destroyed. He said the store of value function. He's right about that. I think cryptocurrency may always have a bit of a question mark in this area. 
I expect major players, like Bitcoin, to largely stabilize but I see gold continuing to play an important monetary role as a no-brainer safe storage medium. I think precious metals and cryptocurrencies will complement not compete against each other. Each is stronger than the other in a particular area (value store vs portability). I expect that to persist, and for the market to evaluate and utilize the two asset classes accordingly.
@_date: 2015-05-02 23:03:11


It depends on the agency doing the seizing, but the bottom line is the money can go into a sort of legal limbo where you must expend resources to be legally awarded back your money,  as if winning a prize. Well if you've just had all your assets seized you're by definition ill-equipped to expend resources fighting to get it back.  
The money might be gone for months or years while the govt gets to do what it wants, earn interest, whatever. The govt is about kicking the can down the road. By the time you make any progress the people responsible for seizure may have moved on.
@_date: 2016-03-14 01:18:24


No they have no well-defined consensus beyond "wait and see".
[Official Core Roadmap](
@_date: 2017-03-01 15:17:00


Aha, but this is the problem I'm talking about. They are approaching it from an engineering perspective. Guess what? With all that effort node count is still abysmal. People hardly use (or even know about) pruning, etc. Again, it's like asking an engineer to make a better iPhone. They're going to say, well if we switch these relays, reduce resistor size here we can improve battery life by .0002 hours and then we can... Meanwhile end users will hardly care.
@_date: 2014-04-22 19:30:11
For those unaware nullc ([if I'm not mistaken]( is [Gregory Maxwell]( one of Bitcoin's highly respected (at least in my eyes) core developers.
@_date: 2017-03-18 13:53:16


To be clear, BU people (or larger block people in general) are not opposed to SegWit as an improvement to the protocol. Why would they be? They are opposed to what appears to be a SegWit only block size increase. There is a difference.
@_date: 2015-05-01 15:28:24
I agree. This is one of the few areas I disagree with Andreas. I think he's too complacent in this regard. I agree it's unlikely we would see a state-sponsored attack, but not because we might kick them off the network. It would be because they could be identified as trying to disrupt a system with growing vested interest worldwide.
People have differing opinions about alt-coins, but this is another area I see them helping Bitcoin. Imagine for a moment there was *only* Bitcoin, that it was impossible to create an alt-coin. We as a community literally had "all our eggs in one basket". How much anxiety would there be over something going wrong? Some flaw or attack with crippling consequences? It would be a nightmare. As it is a substantial part of the community uses Bitcoin and at least has knowledge of or holds some completely different network coin. That makes cryptocurrency overall safer and more resilient IMO. 
When you've got a big bullseye on your back you're easy to be found and attacked. A hydra is more problematic for attackers.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:24:58


Let's be more clear: The definition of "fully participate" here strictly means being able to easily and autonomously run a fully validating node with option to mine as easily. 
It's not impossible to conduct easy anonymous transactions, nor impossible to mine anonymously with large block sizes, which is the point Gavin makes. 
When Bitcoin began in 2009, when Satoshi had 32MB default block size, it could have been problematic for people in repressive countries to fully participate in Bitcoin from day one. Maybe Bitcoin's design itself is the problem here, or maybe it's the repressive government. The point is reconciling the two I don't think is inherently our goal as a community. Maybe Bitcoin better serves other urgent needs, like providing world class banking services to the billions of unbanked and underbanked globally.
@_date: 2017-03-18 17:42:25
I'll try to summarize that article:  *"From these analyses we can see lightning is a great and adorable help for blockchain. It will make Bitcoin even better."* then *"When reading whitepaper of Ethereum, I found it is also designing LN but Ehereum community call it Multi-party Offline Network(MON)."* then *"LN is a smart contract which enables payment channels on it to connect BTC, ETH or even more coins like LTC simultaneously. LN will be the bridge for different Blockchain products."* which is wrong, and finally *"Miners, please do not activate it. Its not the time yet."*
So it seems the author is in favor of LN but developed a misunderstanding of what LN is and decided to delay activating it. That doesn't show the statement I responded to isn't ridiculous. It's the mistaken thinking of one article writer. I referenced BU people (or larger block people in general).
@_date: 2017-03-24 02:01:14
Yes, this was pretty stupid on my part. No excuse other than not thinking it through soon after waking up.
@_date: 2014-11-26 20:46:13


Wrong. And you just quoted the Constitution saying only gold and silver coin can be legal tender! To wit:
*No State shall.. make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts;*


No, that's not why the gold/silver clause is there (the separate shall not coin money clause is what prevents that). The United States is made up of *states*, and these states can't make any thing legal tender which is not gold and silver coin. So the quote "the US constitution clearly states that only gold and silver can be legal tender" is correct. 
**Edit:** you're also wrong to say printing dollars is the job of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing. Since it's an arm of the Treasury it's not the bureau's *job*, which is why the Federal Reserve *places an order* with the bureau and is [charged for the print job](
@_date: 2014-08-21 01:23:58


Not necessarily. You said it yourself that we're in a more modern economy today - a more global one. Enriching people around the globe can add economic activity back into the global economy as a whole. Besides, your talking about "taxing" the poorest people. Geez.
@_date: 2016-03-13 15:39:04


Something people in the larger blocks camp have said over and over *repeatedly* is technology improves over time. It's not stagnant. Indeed historically cost to efficiency increases are not even linear but exponential. Yet it's human nature to underestimate or be blind to this potential (see the alleged Gates quote '640K will be enough for anybody'). Your quote illustrates this. If 4MB is the limit today why on earth would we expect it to be the limit 10 or 20 years from now?!?
@_date: 2016-03-13 22:27:39
Did you not read my post? From your article (which btw comes from an economic not technical publication):


That's exactly what I addressed.
@_date: 2016-01-27 02:08:41


Exactly my point. You said it before I could.
@_date: 2017-03-18 20:08:52


First, Gavin wasn't "kicked" out. If I'm not mistaken Gavin is the one that initially set up Bitcoin's code on GitHub, around the time he took on a more leadership role as encouraged by Satoshi. That would mean he controlled which devs had commit access which was awarded to a few devs including Garzik, Maxwell, Wuille, and W. van Der Laan. These five devs were the original "core" devs. As the project evolved, however, Gavin stepped back as tech lead which he always wanted to do (his original comment said he was "reluctant" about Satoshi's wish). 
Second, project management of an open-source project is a debate issue itself. It's one where I actually side with Mike Hearn's opinion, for example, which is there needs to be a recognized leader or decision maker to make the best progress on a project. I recognize this issue is debatable, though. As concerns Bitcoin, again, at the end of the day a hard-fork deal with SegWit and whatever size blocks if desired by Greg Maxwell and leaders on the large-block side only would need enough miner support to get done, regardless what a few independent devs say. Such a deal *would* in all likelihood get successfully implemented IMO.
@_date: 2017-03-12 23:34:35
I call committing to leave as Mike Hearn did leaving. Gavin has done more for Bitcoin than I probably ever will, but because I'm here commenting and he isn't he is considered by you to have left while I'm usefully engaged?
@_date: 2017-02-11 17:31:00
For the millionth time Segwit doesn't provide the same capacity as 2-4MB + Segwit.
@_date: 2017-03-18 22:48:53
Two reasons. First, the smaller the community the less the damage from war-like actions. Related, the smaller the community the easier to make changes/get consensus on things. That's why larger block advocates want a comprehensive solution we may have to live with forever ASAP.
Second, if a fight must happen for resolution, it's a stronger position for the larger block advocates to start building support now, yesterday even, not lose momentum/support and wait. We already lost Mike Hearn and who knows how many others gave up hope/had to get on planning for life.
A question right back: if a 2MB fork as agreed to in the HK Consensus by people like Dr. Adam Back isn't guaranteed to irreparably centralize/destroy the network why is it completely off the table under all circumstances?
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:08:21
Thanks for your reply:


First, the HK Consenus is a size increase to only 2-4 MB. 
Now if you mean the total increase including witness data (~8MB with a 2MB base data increase), let's say that is too large. The limit is only a ceiling, miners always have the ability to set lower soft limits on their own as they did prior to hitting 1MB. If you argue they won't do that satisfactorily, then don't let the hard limit activate until some point in the future. Done. Next?
@_date: 2017-02-15 18:37:22
Not exactly. It depends on what % of miners switch. A low hashpower alternative chain wouldn't likely survive without a HF change, also likely to the POW.
@_date: 2016-03-18 22:54:46


Because not all hard-forks have the same consequences. A hard-fork to raise the block size to 2MB isn't the same as a hard-fork to double the 21M coin limit. Even Greg Maxwell talked about 2MB, so who are you saying is harmed by it? The argument is now over when to do it, not really whether to do it. A hard-fork which does no harm shouldn't be controversial. Tell me whom a 2MB size hurts in the long run, then you'll have my attention.
@_date: 2017-02-18 15:54:57


**A:** Bitcoins are an asset. Think of them like gold coins and treat them the same way. You might sell gold coins, but you also might want to hold onto them. If you choose to hold bitcoins it's wise to educate yourself on them.
**B:** Bitcoins can't be "withdrawn". They are the thing that's valuable, and anyone holding one has full access/rights to it. You can however sell your bitcoins and there are many ways to do that. It's complicated, but you'll need an exchange and there are two basic types: peer-to-peer (much less government oversight/tracking ability), like LocalBitcoins.com or a company like Coinbase.com. There are sites that specialize in large amounts such as yours too. You might also look into Bitpremier.com, for example. To become familiar with moving bitcoins start with small amounts (obtained on your own) and practice until comfortable. There are definitely ways to mess up.
**C:** We can't help you with that, except to tell you places to look (exchange accounts, files named wallet.dat etc). It sounds like you already have a good idea what to look for. 
**EDIT:** the random words below each public address are likely the private key  (or a seed which is slightly different) corresponding to that address. However the private key has been formatted into a human readable set of words. There are different processes to do this, so we can't tell you exactly how to reverse it (at least not in a short space) and gain access to moving the bitcoins. The most important thing, though, is not to tell those words to anyone untrustworthy as they are literally the **key** to moving/spending the coins.
@_date: 2014-11-21 17:28:56


Bad example. Smoking cigarettes is something (many) people want. People are most interested in getting what they want. Money for the most part is the only means to that, or a big part of it. Trust me money matters to people, even if they don't realize just how much. People don't pay attention to politics either, until they start feeling it in their pockets.
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:03:11


With all due respect, not caring about the concerns/desires of the other side is precisely why I think the time for words is over (I stopped debating long ago).


You didn't answer my question (unless that's your answer). With all due respect, not caring about the concerns/desires of the other side is precisely why I think the time for words is over.
@_date: 2017-02-27 22:15:59


Actually, that's not true. What Gavin said, specifically, is "I believe Craig Steven Wright is the person who invented Bitcoin." [link]( 
**Saying you believe something is NOT the same as making a claim.** Gavin could say "I believe trees can live on the moon". That is not the same as saying "Trees can live on the moon." One is an assertion and the other an opinion. See if you can tell which is which. 
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:56:38
The title says: "5-Year Forward Inflation **Expectation** Rate"
You think people involved in past hyperinflation expected it?
@_date: 2017-03-01 16:06:24


Please get out of your political mindset for one second. Not in a single line of my posts here did I advocate for any side of the debate. I'm actually *trying to help solve what I perceive as a real problem* - and one that persists in either camp's model. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:37:06
Obviously by "fine" I meant you could still validate then as well as you do now.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:31:43


To be frank, I believe if Greg Maxwell got behind it that would be enough to get the deal done overall.


It happened, though. That's the bottom line. Gavin faced disagreements when he led the project too. P2SH had differing opinions, for example.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:30:39


Fine. And if years later everything turned out fine you could rejoin the network. If you still didn't want to just because the other side was right that would be your choice too, although I think that would be a shame.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:44:37


Are you talking about the Lightning Network here? The creators estimate it would take ~130MB Bitcoin blocks to have everyone able to use the LN for transactions globally... How is your hub-and-spoke model consistent with 1MB blocks?
@_date: 2017-03-22 21:39:50
Bitcoin Classic was 2MB hard-fork, true. However, it was only limited in scope to try to get some action done. Everyone has always said SegWit was a good idea. Gavin endorsed it; show one post saying SegWit should be avoided.. Fixing malleability isn't desired? What the heck are people thinking?
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:19:34
As mentioned in comments on that page the problem is self (or market) corrected: miners won't build on blocks that take too long to verify, so your megatransaction block is orphaned and you've wasted your resources.
@_date: 2017-03-18 20:38:58


Gavin didn't only propose BIP101. He also proposed a one time increase to 20MB for example. I can't remember what else he proposed, but Jeff Garzik proposed an increase (around 2MB) which was rejected too. Luke-jr's proposal is also rejected. Hell, even SegWit is currently *rejected*. Suggesting a person is not respect worthy because what they propose to solve a difficult problem doesn't win wide support is silly. Gavin has done a lot for Bitcoin and remains widely respected in the community.


Truthfully, I never liked Ethereum. I wasn't the least surprised when the fiasco resulting in the hard-fork and transaction renege happened. That's actually why Ethereum was started. Many early Bitcoin developers and voices didn't like the idea of complex contracts pushed to the main blockchain.


I would believe that, because Greg Maxwell believes Bitcoin works best (maybe even only) in his view of how Bitcoin should be modeled with 1MB blocks. It currently has that, so if he never does another thing he's happy.


Sure, I can agree with that. Right now, though, the problem is many people signed onto a belief Bitcoin would grow beyond 1MB blocks (which are currently immutable); they've invested time, energy, money and code (in the case of people like Gavin) into that thinking. That means Bitcoin currently has differing stakeholders sharing the same pie. There won't be peace until those stakeholders can in some way separate their claims over the same thing, which is currently one unified 1MB Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-18 16:32:56
I don't see it the way you do. Right now there is a stalemate. Nobody wins, except altcoins. Core isn't going to budge. That's obvious to me. Larger block advocates won't back down/give up. So no capacity increase or Segwit (so no Lightning) until some change. Meanwhile cryptocurrency in general continues advancing. 
There needs to be some conclusion to the fight. It looks like a hard-fork is the only possible conclusion. I actually think the market wins there. I'd hope Core devs continue with their vision even post larger-block fork. Let the free market settle it all; that's actually what's happening now.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:18:11
It's hard to say what would happen now as things are all jumbled together. I think we might have successfully implemented the [HK Consensus]( which includes SegWit, if Core as a whole (not only a few reps) got behind it. I think the community as a whole would have preferred that, to stop fighting, and focus on getting that successfully done and moving forward, together, productively. Remember, even Jihan Wu (Bitmain) signed onto it. Now? Who knows. The terrain has changed.
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:45:15


What, about developers "forcing changes" for assumed or anticipated events? Developers don't force anything. Nobody in Bitcoin can force anybody to do anything as it's all voluntary, remember? If you're going to use that boogeyman as your argument then you're proving your answer will always be no, no matter what the other side comes up with because *any* change would be an assumption. Even the 1MB limit which was added was an assumption/guess about what would work at the time.
@_date: 2016-01-27 01:23:44
Nice response, u/nullc, but I notice **it's over 500 words** and you completely **skipped comment on Move 1**
How about it?
@_date: 2016-03-18 23:13:30


No, I'm speaking more conceptually. In engineering simplification is generally preferred over complexity. There are almost always trade-offs. The gain isn't "saving 20 lines of code". The gain is an overall system which is easier to navigate, analyze, and maintain. If you watch [the presentation]( Pieter Wuille gave on Segregated Witness, he himself touches of the benefits of "starting from scratch" with Bitcoin to do things (like segwit) in better ways. That's what I'm talking about. 
Now, in working with the reality of our situation, as everything exists, there are trade-offs. Even the placement of the witness commitment has implications going forward. So, again, it's more than a few lines of code. I tend to agree with Gavin, practically speaking, but the point is if we're talking about doing a hard-fork anyway then we can weigh all options (some trade-offs may be worth it), rather than being stuck in the shoe-horn limits of a soft-fork. 
@_date: 2016-03-15 21:04:10


Bad comparison. Everyone pays taxes into a shared pool for public restroom resources, so someone taking more than their fair share is  obviously bad. A better example is the roll inside a locked, coin accepting dispenser where people paid pennies, half-pennies, whatever per square. There is no looting under such a scenario.
@_date: 2016-03-18 20:38:51


Why? And please be specific. Tell me exactly why 2MB isn't okay but 1MB is.
@_date: 2016-03-05 02:52:53


And nothing else happened around that time? I'm guessing this was around 2012 or so. SPV and web wallets didn't proliferate, making it easier to manage coins without running full nodes, for example? The decline was specifically and only linked to blocks going over .5MB?
My recollection is a lot was going on in the early days. Our community was growing and tech and usage options became better, while at the same time we reached people less and less purely geek/technical all the time.
@_date: 2016-03-14 00:37:55
*sigh* (again)
This is my last response to you because it seems apparent you're only hearing what you want to hear reading my words.


Last correction: I never said Bitcoin nodes should run in clusters. For the last time, I said A) there are different bottlenecks to Bitcoin scaling, and bandwidth is the most significant B) We don't know for certain if CPU is at an impassable wall, but even if it is it matters little because we can add more processors *per machine*. That's not a cluster. There are already multi-core single machines being produced. Quoting Wikipedia:
"Multi-core processors may have two cores (dual-core CPUs, for example, AMD Phenom II X2 and Intel Core Duo), three cores (tri-core CPUs, for example, AMD Phenom II X3), four cores (quad-core CPUs, for example, AMD Phenom II X4, Intel's i5 and i7 processors), six cores (hexa-core CPUs, for example, AMD Phenom II X6 and Intel Core i7 Extreme Edition 980X), eight cores (octa-core CPUs, for example, Intel Core i7 5960X Extreme Edition and AMD FX-8350), ten cores (deca-core CPUs, for example, Intel Xeon E7-2850), **or more, up to 18 on the Intel Xeon E5 2699v3 or even 32 on a future Zen based AMD Opteron APU. A multi-core processor implements multiprocessing in a single physical package.**"
The point is there is zero chance the network and computing capability the average computer user has today will be identical or worse than the average computer user 10-20 years from now. It's not going to happen. Believing that's the case given decades of history emphatically saying otherwise is ridiculous. I can understand having an immovable entrenched position on an issue (of block size), that's fine, but to shape and contort technical ideas by any means to project into a matching future aligned with present day views to me is more than frustrating, it borders maddening. Good day. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 17:10:17


Gavin hasn't gone anywhere. I don't know where people got that he left. It's true he isn't nearly as active writing software for Bitcoin (AFAIK) but he always wanted to step back and take a higher level sort of protocol design and client interoperability view. He never really wanted to be technical lead when he was. (I would link a quote but I'm lazy and on mobile)
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:39:47
Yes. This is actually the foundation of Gavin's block size position I believe. Miners will look out for their own best interests, but their own interests include consideration of other miners' interests, so the network has a built-in sort of self-regulation.
@_date: 2016-01-27 02:17:24


You missed my point and the point of the OP. Let me try to say it clearer. Core should give a clear time estimate (like Q3 2016, Q1 2017 etc) for increasing block size. Let me quote the roadmap to refresh your memory on where it stands:
"Bitcoin will be able to move forward with these increases when improvements and understanding render their risks widely acceptable relative to the risks of not deploying them"
That means a block size increase might happen in 6 months, 7 years or NEVER. You either have missed this possibility as a cause for concern from the "other side" and much of the community overall, or you intentionally ignore it. So I'm bringing it up now, and it's Erik's point too. There is obviously a LOT of push for a block size increase, some sort of leadership and resolution on the matter. Yet for all the damage of our community fight the small-block camp appears to have not budged an inch, no compromise, none. THAT is the frustration. Are you really discounting Dr. Adam Back's 2-4-8 as absurd to put a time estimate on?
@_date: 2017-03-04 15:47:02
It's a summary of *some* of the debate. The blocksize debate started years earlier on Bitcointalk. Source: I was there.
@_date: 2017-03-04 17:42:01
To be clear, is not moderated. It's moderated toward a particular view. Simply moderated, as in presidential debates for instance, is supposed to mean neutral. (note: I'm not saying this private subreddit doesn't have a right to be run how creators see fit)
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:24:23


This is the best answer you have? We answer your concerns and your answer is still no. Hopefully people see why the larger block people are fed up and taking action.
@_date: 2015-05-06 02:00:11
Gavin forgot perhaps the most important consideration: 20MB block size is a *limit*. 
It doesn't mean we always have 20MB blocks! We've had 1MB for almost the entirety of Bitcoin, yet a small percentage have been full. 
Miners will still be the ones deciding how big blocks are, just up to a different limit. It's a safety valve. If proponents of the Lightning Network or other off-chain solutions feel these are better methodologies for handling transactions then let's have them. We could still in theory keep Bitcoin blocks at a low average if we pull off alternative transaction routes with stellar success, especially in the nearer term. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 00:32:57


That's what I thought. I pay attention when you say "I believe this is the simplest possible set of changes that will work." 
It's your MO.
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:20:24
No, it's simple game theory. A miner's goal is not only finding a valid block, but also to make their block as attractive to other miners' acceptance as possible, and as soon as possible. I do also like the idea of limiting tx size, though. I've never been one of these 'use the blockchain for everything, with monetary transactions an afterthought' people.
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:44:58
See also [HK Consensus]( which Jihan signed and [my comment]( nobody answered satisfactorily.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:39:47
At the end of the day, a few people wouldn't prevent the overall community from moving forward. Again, Gavin faced similar challenges when he led the project. Now, it's fairly accurate to say Greg Maxwell leads Core (considering so many devs signed onto his roadmap). When a leader makes a decision to act, a few people refusing to follow doesn't stop the action. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 17:54:17
Yes, because people are in battle mode and simplifying. Segwit is primarily associated with Core. Bigger picture people for larger blocks, like Gavin Andresen, favor Segwit, and Lightning (and even Blockstream, which Gavin praised as company). Good technology is good technology.
@_date: 2017-03-12 23:26:28


A rap sheet? LOL You mean he was convicted of some crime, or are you just trying to make it sound like he was?
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:51:18
Good question. In short, no. 
The more signatures required to move bitcoins, the more secure they are. In practice in the real world this gives you more security if say your computer is hacked and your private key is exposed, but moving your 1,000 bitcoins also requires the signature of your mother in Ohio. Your bitcoins are safer. In the case of brute force hacking by the LBC (which I only now heard of) it requires finding another private key on top of what's found, which is that much harder and unlikely. 
Edit: and when I say that much harder I mean exponentially harder, because it requires finding the other matching key specific to the one found.
@_date: 2016-03-18 21:38:48


Hardforks are not inherently consensus breaking changes, not if everyone agrees to the change. I'll describe it this way. Say there is a funeral procession, a long line of cars on a pre-planned route with a lead car. The consensus is to follow the leader and the auto line snakes trough the city. Now the leader remembers an unplanned shortcut, and takes liberty to go a different route. As long as everyone continues to follow the leader there is no break in consensus; it's no problem. That's how it works. Everyone just follows the new path, smoothly.


Because it is true. Again I'm not sure you appreciate the difference between a hard and soft fork. 
When you do a hard fork there is really no limit to what you can do or change. It's like starting from scratch. You're outlining the new set of rules everyone will agree to follow; since everyone agrees to the new proposal, anything, eg a new proof-of-work etc, is possible. That's why it's called 'hard'. If you don't make the change (every single change) you're no longer compatible. SegWit changes the way Bitcoin now validates. To do this as a soft-fork requires a clever hack to change validation while not mandating nodes that don't change over upgrade. It's technically possible to do, but tricky and complex. You will allow both situations: new validation and old, to work together. There's no way that's less complex then simply defining a new way to do things and having everyone start off on the right foot or new foot together. Even non-programmers should be able to see that.
@_date: 2016-03-05 02:33:37


We've gone over this before but there is nothing saying a 1MB limit has caused *any* harm. Indeed, most blocks since the beginning of bitcoin haven't been full, yet we've always seen a declining node count. 
... So your statement could easily be "...technology improvements can overcome much of the differential harm of 2MB over 1MB" if Satoshi had set the arbitrary limit at 2 instead of 1. The small-block camp sees 1MB as default and likely big enough or too big already only because that's what we've always known.
@_date: 2017-03-18 14:21:45


That's ridiculous. Both approaches to scaling have a view to reward miners. They have to because miners are a central part of the system. Everything works together. It's just that the small block approach has fewer transactions on-chain while each of those transactions pays much higher fees, while the larger block approach allows many more transactions with lower fees. However, both approaches embrace Lightning like transactions working in concert, because a network able to handle more overall txs is more valuable overall; if all or a significant part of the world used it then there is certainly plenty of value overall, maybe in the range of millions per bitcoin. 
The main difference is allowing more transactions on-chain early gives more time for Lightning like technologies to develop as the community grows.
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:46:14
My problem with Greg's rationale is this:
*The science around Bitcoin is new and we don't know exactly where the breaking points are-- I hope we never discover them for sure-- we do know that at the current load levels the decentralization of the system has not improved as the users base has grown (and appear to have reduced substantially: even businesses are largely relying on third party processing for all their transactions; something we didn't expect early on).*
Okay. Decentralization has not improved. In fact, as he correctly notes it has *worsened*. However, Bitcoin has had a 1MB block size cap almost its entire life. Does this mean A) 1MB itself is already too high of a limit (but node numbers dropped prior to hitting 1MB...) or B) some not insignificant percentage of the problem isn't related to block size at all? I think it's B. It seems obvious, but Greg seems to place 100% of the blame, emphasis and necessary protection on A. Greg is an absolutely brilliant engineer, but engineers just don't design the best products, the ones people go crazy about using. I think it's because fundamentally engineers think in terms of limits and logic, whereas end users only think in terms of their needs, desires and use cases. The magic happens when some brilliant product guy invents something then finds an engineer that can make it work. IMO even with a 1MB limit or a .75MB limit, we don't spend nearly enough (any?) time looking at other solutions to the declining node problem.
@_date: 2017-03-19 20:32:40
We all know Gavin isn't really smart, and neither is Satoshi. The only geniuses are on r/bitcoin supporting Core's 1MB vision and wisdom (and slight fortune telling ability). Don't be stupid!
@_date: 2017-03-22 16:39:35


I can't let this misinformation be perpetuated, even (or especially) on r/bitcoin, although I see the advantage of the spin. Miners are NOT fighting against SegWit. Miners are not signing onto Core's vision. Big difference. 
Remember, Jihan Wu signed the [HK Consensus]( which was a small block size increase (2-4MB) and SegWit.
If you want to know what miners think why not ask them? Here is an actual consensus poll done by miner It shows the largest support was for a block size increase of 2-4MB, or even 2-4-8MB as Dr. Adam Back proposed. This was in Dec. 2015, before Segwit was even ready or being significantly pushed. Miners want a fork size increase.
@_date: 2015-05-16 15:58:53


I find that completely preposterous. I'm not saying nobody might try it as stranger things have happened, but think of the giant slippery slope that sets up. Satoshi didn't create anything by mandate. He didn't even fashion coins in the way [Liberty Dollar]( did using metals which upon presentation might make some clueless people think they were government money. Satoshi created a system for sending and handling data in a certain fashion. That's it. He didn't tell anyone the data had any value. People started valuing the data on their own. Should people proposing new email protocols be liable if people start valuing their emails?
@_date: 2017-03-04 18:37:04
I disagree. Personally I think any clear consensus, the 95% kind, is probably already unattainable. The more people the less likely everyone will agree, which is why I hoped we'd get the issue resolved way back in 2013 or 2014. The discord in Bitcoin is certainly not the fault of theymos.
@_date: 2017-03-18 18:05:07


That's what you think.


Core devs all signed onto Greg Maxwell's [roadmap]( Let me quote the relevant section: "Bitcoin will be able to move forward with these increases **when improvements and understanding render their risks widely acceptable relative to the
risks of not deploying them."**
That's like an overweight woman saying she'll go on a diet when it's obvious her clothes no longer look attractive on her. It's completely subjective.
EDIT: BTW, for those downvoting this I'd link to a post years ago where Greg Maxwell said his instinct was to *decrease* from 1MB, but it was deleted...
@_date: 2017-03-13 10:41:35


That's not exactly accurate. As I've [written before]( a good way to think of owning cryptocurrency is like belonging to a club. If a cryptocurrency splits with a hard-fork then the coins you hold (the representation of membership) essentially give you membership to both clubs. Keeping a simple example, if Bitcoin has 21 million coins and splits evenly into two forks (two clubs), then there would be effectively 42 million coins representing membership. What happens if a coin's supply suddenly doubles? The usual expectation is that now all value is split between all 42 million coins, and each coin is now worth about half what it was before when viewed by the market, so every member has the same amount of value in total. It looks like a stock split. 
Things get trickier, though. Crypto-coins are now valued mostly on exchanges. An exchange needs to run both software fork versions in order to recognize both coins. Nothing says they will all do this. If a large exchange you use only recognizes Club A membership, then you need to find an exchange recognizing Club B to sell coins at, or some other individual/entity that recognizes Club B. Since exchanges are in the exchange business, it wouldn't likely be hard to find some exchange recognizing either or both your coins.
In the case of the fork mentioned in the article, nothing happens without at least 75% miner support of the fork. This means should it activate there would be technical challenges on the minority chain, if it still retained a decent percentage of hash power post fork. Another fork would be in order to adjust difficulty (and also possibly the proof-of-work) for that group's chain to survive economically longer term.


See last paragraph above. With the design of the fork the minority chain would need to scramble to continue viably. If it did continue, though, it's likely the market would continue to value it, possibly even giving more value in total to both chains (clubs) than prior to the split. We've seen that happen before.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:09:12
People oppose Segwit because it touches the blocksize issue. That's it. If it didn't it would be no different than upgrading to P2SH. There would be no reason to oppose it, especially since it fixes malleability.
@_date: 2017-03-18 15:27:59
Yes, and when one side no longer listens to or cares what the other says the time is long past for words. I'm glad it looks like we'll have some kind of conclusion to the block size debate in the not-too-distant future. Better to get it out of the way earlier than later. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:52:33
So the OP asks if one side's roadmap will deal with a very reasonable threat, and you answer with bullet points meant to show the other side negatively? Okay...
@_date: 2017-01-26 18:55:04


I'm pretty sure Gavin Andresen got a B.S. in Computer Science from Princeton University, an Ivy League school. How do you figure he's not a scientist in the field of computers?
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:31:09


That's not the conflict... This is part of the problem. As people come later into the community there is more noise and less signal, which IS part of the conflict, at least from the view of bigblockers (it's why we need action ASAP).
Here is the disagreement: you have the first part (smallblocker view) correct: You're making it more centralised by making it harder to operate a full node [or be a small miner]!
However, the bigblocker argument is: We can have BOTH. Let me emphasize BOTH again. We can be decentralized AND scale. The debate has gone on long enough that I'm not compelled to re-post arguments, but a brief summary is scaling proposals by bigblockers take into account *proven* historical (therefore expected) advancement in technology. 
Is the bigblocker view risky? Yes. Is the smallblocker view risky? Yes. It depends which risk you want. However, in my humble view the bigblocker view seems the smarter choice because there is a real explanation for how we get both. This has to date never been satisfactorily been put forth by smallblockers. Instead, they seem to feel that compromising any chance of losing what appears to be guaranteed decentralization is completely out of the question. It's try it this way or bust, even if it's likely busting will happen (because high fee complaining users will leave for altcoins or altogether).
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:27:31


Thank you for pointing out there is a semantic difference/confusion. The word inflation once only meant monetary inflation, which makes sense because that's what currency can do, expand or contract in units relative to the group using it. The definition of inflation is to expand something. Prices don't "expand",  they rise (or fall). 
Prices do however rise as a *result* of inflation (monetary inflation). I believe the shortcut to equating rising prices with the word inflation was intentional. It can be more easily argued rising prices are an economically good thing if that means higher profits and more job opportunities. So inflation supposedly = good. It's not so easy to convince people creating more of the supposedly scarce units of currency they hold is always a good thing (yet that's precisely what the majority of the world does, and why the rich have gotten richer effortlessly while wages stagnated for everyone else).
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:54:35


How do you figure a user will have one million transactions? Let's take a typical housewife as an example. On Monday let's say Lucy wakes up and makes her first monetary transaction when she goes to the grocery store. On the way home she stops by the coffee shop, then the gas station. Once home she pays several bills (cellphone, gas, electric, car insurance, mortgage). Then she does some online shopping for things she's had her eye on at Amazon. To end the day she gives her nephew some money for his birthday. I've tried to think of all normal transactions a typical person might make in a day. Let's add them up. The total is 10 and I think you'd agree it was a busy day of spending (bills are not paid daily). There are 365 days in a year. Even if Lucy kept up this pace *every single day* she would have only made 3,650 transactions in one year. If she lives to be 100 years old that's a maximum of 365,000 which is far short of one million (and includes her making transactions as a baby).  
Where do you get one million transactions from? Also a LN channel is typically meant to last from 30 days to one year at a maximum, not 100 years.
@_date: 2017-08-02 03:41:51
I doubt it. It takes a lot for a coin to make it within the top 5. CLAMS forked the Bitcoin blockchain ages ago, and is used exclusively for one of the top crypto casino games (Just-Dice.com), yet it has a market cap of around 7 million dollars and is at position 176... Bitcoin Cash OTOH reflects a lot of (pent up?) market demand, apparently...
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:23:04


Are you saying Bitcoin becomes irreparably centralized at 2MB? 
That's the only way your argument makes sense. You seem to prefer Bitcoin at 1MB at any cost, even if it means Bitcoin back at $1 while some altcoin(s) steals its thunder. That seems ... Well I just don't really understand that.
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:58:30


Bigblockers have always been in favor of Lightning. The problem is it comes with its own problems and limitations. In other words, it's not a full solution. Here is another tidbit I wonder if you're aware of: The INVENTORS of Lightning say it's necessary to have Bitcoin's block size be at least 100MB in order to serve the world. Are you aware of that? If so, do you think that's irrelevant? If you weren't aware, I hope you see what I mean about an incomplete, inaccurate view you presented.
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:45:02


You're measuring incorrectly. The majority of nodes in Bitcoin are running software which began primarily with Satoshi Nakamoto's prototype code. Satoshi Nakamoto is on record as favoring bigger blocks. Additionally, the primary collaborator for SN's code was then Gavin Andresen, who is also a big blocker. All the significant coders which primarily now support Core came *later*. So, the code which now is dominant on the network is obviously still rooted in the original software project.
Further, change is always harder not easier, even in physics (objects at rest tend to stay at rest etc). So the status quo (1MB limit) has a large automatic advantage. Even so there is significant opposition to it (miners don't go along), which should be an indication of how unpopular the smallblocker roadmap actually is.
@_date: 2017-01-24 17:10:58


The funny thing is, the Internet exists EXACTLY BECAUSE of preparations for 'doomsday'. The Internet emerged as a byproduct of a strategic communications network devised by the military/DARPA which could withstand missile attack. Of course such attack never happened in the US and eventually some computer scientists got the idea to send computer messages to one another over it...
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:59:51


So bitcoin starting with 1mb is OK, but if it started with 2mb we would have been dangling our feet over the precipice all this time? Yes or no.
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:01:11
If you're really daring you can hold *both*. Later on if the smallblocker vision seems more valuable you can shift your position there. If the bigblocker vision seems more valuable you can shift your position there. If neither vision seems to make much difference in practice you can keep both.
Funny thing about cryptocurrency: it's voluntary, and users have more options not less.
@_date: 2017-01-28 16:46:11


I think because reasonable compromise in Bitcoin is as impossible as 100 million coins.
@_date: 2016-11-02 19:02:16
It's an interesting problem. Early predictions for Bitcoin scaling up were based on many small miners, every normal full node in fact. In this way it would be difficult for any single miner to equal the combined efforts of the entire network. The network we have today doesn't reflect this in the slightest. We have millions of Bitcoin participants, but the vast majority don't mine (or even run a full node). Instead mining has become specialized, which increasingly means centralized.
As Bitcoin grows it moves beyond the smaller passionate group of users who would limit their own options for the health of the network, and more pure (sometimes lopsided) free market forces take over. Several things have confounded healthy decentralization. The first thing promoting specialized centralization is ASICs. With an ASIC a miner is more free to exploit a given advantage, like chip design or cost. Excel in one area and one can dominate. This is what prompted use of Scrypt, where CPU alone isn't the determining factor. Another problem is unequal geographic access to cheap power. Last is level of technical ability and understanding. Mining profitably means being comfortable in several technical areas, including hardware and maintenance, software upgrades/issues, and mining options like block size or when/whether to SPV mine. It's no wonder most don't mine.
So how do we counteract this? I see only two ways. One is market dissatisfaction with any lopsided mining control, which affects price (and therefore profit) and pressures the party to back away. The second is to try pushing the network back toward the original plan. Make it easier for many small miners (as in millions) to participate which collectively are hard to compete with. The way to do that is make it so mining makes more sense than not mining. The obvious thing that comes to mind is heating and [something like this]( People need heat. People pay for heat. Mining causes unwanted heat. Maybe we need to effectively design and market nice looking, smallish, plug in and go, automatic ASIC mining/heating units. 
@_date: 2017-01-26 19:32:36
And only people with PhDs have contributed significantly to science throughout history? Hmm...
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:50:10
That goes both ways. Some people may be waiting for their [favorite exchange]( to add it so they can buy in.
IIRC the futures on ViaBTC hovered a little over $200 before the coin even existed. Now that it exists the reporting on it is about double that. No reason to think there is anything bearish there, quite the contrary.
EDIT: I wrote the above about 9 hours ago with Coinmarketcap.com showing a price of $429. It's now **$665**.
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:06:42


That's not an argument.


He put it in as a *temporary* measure to deal with spam while the network was cheap. His own documented words are clearly for removing the limit. As I said, you have it all wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:23:07
First, I don't agree with your supposition. It's one thing to imagine there may be several providers of some digital good, such as online storage, but quite another to apply that to real world services like electricity which have physical limitations on production and delivery.
However, even granting your sweepingly broad lifestyle transformation suggestion I don't imagine such changes occurring any time soon (if ever). The Internet itself has been around since about 1995. It's now 2017, which is 22 years later. We still don't have widespread home grocery shopping in the US (it may be coming with Amazon's purchase of Whole Foods). We still don't do away with humans and shop online competitively among many auto insurance providers. These things haven't been held up by payment systems. The technology needed to make them work has existed since 1995, but we still don't have them. The reason? Changes, especially big market shifting ones, take time. The things you're talking about might take another 20 years to begin to materialize, if ever (as they might not actually lead to a more enjoyable, less complex lifestyle).
In any case, our challenge right now is simply to make *existing* transactions doable with cryptocurrency, and we're having a hard enough time making that work. If the typical user needs even more transactions, that's a problem I don't yet want to think about needing to solve.
@_date: 2016-11-11 23:04:40
I think you're still missing my point. Anyone who can run at all can likely improve their performance if they focus on it. Likewise anyone who can understand math concepts can improve with focus. Isn't that all the Olympics is? Are not all the competitors simply people who have intensely focused? Sure some have natural ability like Bolt, but that's my point: measuring more than one thing decreases the likelihood one party dominates because their focus gets broken up. And the more broken up the less likely monopolies form, where people only excel at one thing.
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:11:27
Coinbase is probably the largest Bitcoin business. As such they can't act hastily. I think they have the right approach. It seems a coin has to prove itself as a top tier coin before they add it. It's early. Let's see what happens.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:39:45
Sounds like you're arguing against a position you don't really understand.
@_date: 2016-11-11 19:22:07


I'm not sure what you mean here. Do you mean less people will compete or be able to compete effectively? I don't think either is the case. Remember, it's not adding some obscure dynamic. Something like memory has generally been widely available. 
Whenever a non-obscure dynamic is added to a competition it will (at least I can't think of a case where it wouldn't) decrease the chance of monopoly because any competitor has to diversify focus. This helps the overall field if monopoly is undesirable. An example is [Usain Bolt]( also called the fastest man in the world, who just took gold again in the Rio Olympics. This man simply dominates a foot race. I once read an article where the author half-jokingly said he simply wasn't born like most humans, that his legs are more comparable to something mechanical than natural (or something like that). Now say you changed the rules to say the winner of the event had to not only run fast but be good at math. I know many in this community easily excel there, and probably a fair few can also do well in a foot race. Taking a combined math excellence score with run time would certainly make it less likely Usain Bolt would dominate.  The good mathematicians could train to improve their running ability, while Bolt could also train to improve his math. It might be that Bolt is far enough ahead in physical ability to still dominate or at least finish in the top every time, but his guaranteed dominance is certainly diminished, if for no other reason that he can't train for running properly while training for math.
@_date: 2016-11-16 18:45:47


Gavin is the one who took Bitcoin and made it into a professional open source project. The reason Satoshi essentially left Gavin in charge is because in the beginning that's pretty much all there was, Satoshi and Gavin. The code Satoshi started with was bulky, non-optimized, and contained at least one critical bug. It's no coincidence the current leading Bitcoin development team was essentially the one assembled by Gavin. Quite apart from any code contributions Gavin took the baton from Satoshi and ran with it in what I believe are invaluable ways by providing a sort of development foundation.
@_date: 2016-11-21 23:28:28


Pretty much the conclusion I reached too.
@_date: 2016-11-02 23:26:26
At some point gains from chips alone will be small. Until then you don't replace the entire heater, just the chip.
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:27:28
If the government cared about that Snowden would still be working happily away in the US.
@_date: 2017-08-01 23:56:28
I saw another but didn't feel compelled to make a whole post until I saw this one... 
The last common block was 478558. If someone told you that number represented a split you can almost see it: 85|58. Now sharp eyes would note the extra 47 at the front, seemingly incongruent... until you add the numbers for: 11 - the very first whole number to repeat its digit: 1 and 1. (Eleven is also well known to be Gavin's favorite number)
@_date: 2016-11-06 19:55:42


Please understand Bitcoin isn't perfect and is still evolving. The early Internet probably had people disappointed in how complicated some things seemed too. Things will hopefully improve with time.
I think your best option right now is LocalBitcoins.com. Not all users require ID. You just have to shop around. I'd go there and look for Cash Deposit trades. That's the simplest, most anonymous way to go in my opinion. You may have to pay a bit higher rate for people who don't ask for any additional ID, but they exist on there, I've seen them. If you're only talking $100.00 then requiring name, rank and serial number doesn't make much sense. :P
@_date: 2016-12-16 18:39:21


It does for me. In fact it's the next result under WSJ.


Sure. It's because WSJ covered the story more recently. In other words it was covered first elsewhere.
@_date: 2016-11-26 02:05:31


It does. First, SegWit isn't all data, meaning any increase depends on how exactly the network uses it. Second, a full block size increase requires a hard fork, which is nice since that allows for integrating SegWit more cleanly. Last, proponents of larger blocks are not so much for larger blocks as addressing capacity problems ASAP, while it's still easiest to gain consensus. Even Greg Maxwell talked about the need for larger blocks in his own roadmap. 
So implementing SegWit with a hard fork block size increase undeniably is the action which most overlaps what both camps want.
@_date: 2016-11-26 03:51:27
If designing the system from scratch the benefit is implementing SegWit in ways allowed by a hard fork. I don't think anyone disputes that. Proponents of a soft fork however say any benefits are not significant enough to change course from a soft fork.
In other words show me someone who would start the system from scratch the way Core plans.
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:15:19


I already did a long time ago, as did Gavin. As I said even Greg Maxwell commented on the subject. Anyone truly interested this issue would have seen some of that at some point. I'm on mobile now so l don't feel like researching for you.
@_date: 2017-08-31 13:44:28


I want to point out something here, which is *why* Congress was given constitutional authority to "coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures" for the United States. 
Remember the purpose of U.S. co-equal government is to separate power, but also to provide accountability. The lower house of Congress was created to represent public opinion.
In an economic system, all things being equal, people will be naturally productive and will prosper. Three big hindrances to this are taxes, (over) regulation, and deficiency of money. It's nearly impossible to escape abuse from the first two over time; but the integrity of the money is just as important if not most important. This is why it makes sense that Congress should not only be in charge there, but be *accountable*. By transferring currency function to the Federal Reserve, an entity *not* accountable to the people, an important check is bypassed.
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:40:09


That's just not true. I'm talking about a rational technical explanation of how both decentralization and scaling are achieved. Smallblockers haven't presented that. Their basic argument is: we have borderline decentralization now; thus we'll work on scaling as best we can over time, while keeping the hard limit in place. Bigblockers have presented technical based arguments backed up by decades of historical precedent for what works safely for scaling and decentralization over time. The debate over how to scale started on Bitcointalk in 2012. I know because I was there participating. You won't get the full scope of the conflict in 1 or 2 years.


Well, then I don't like wasting my breath.
@_date: 2016-12-15 19:51:19


Completely subjective. So is President Obama. So is President Bush. People died because of their actions. Over lies no less, people not even threatening anyone. In a world of high power action death and morality seems less clear, as people justify their actions for the 'greater good'. I didn't follow the case closely enough to make a judgment call on whether Ross acted immorally with the hit decision. Killing for nothing other than his own enrichment would certainly be immoral. Killing for his protection and the protection of others sharing his ideology when threatened becomes less clear. I myself probably would rather not put myself in such a position, and if I was I'd probably explore options long and carefully. But people operate outside the law a lot. Sometimes it's the law that's wrong. Again, I didn't follow the case closely enough to make my own call. I'm just pointing out how 'bad' isn't always as simple as calling someone a 'terrorist' or saying someone broke the law and murdered or tried to.
@_date: 2017-01-26 15:53:06


Which technical standpoint?


Wow, it sounds like you're making my point for me! The top comment in this thread by says something I think is true: the plan most likely to gain consensus from the largest percentage of the community is SegWit + 2MB hard fork. Why? both sides think SegWit is a good idea. Both sides believe raising the HARD BLOCK LIMIT over 1MB is needed (I emphasized that to prevent you again saying "SegWit does this already!"), including Greg Maxwell. Doing a hard fork gives our community MORE options/opportunities to get the next set of changes right (including a cleaner implementation of SegWit). There is no doubt this plan is the MOST capable of gaining widest consenus. Do you argue something else is?


Let me ask you something. If Bitcoin had started with a 10MB block size and you heard about it would you still have jumped on board? Do you think others would have? Finally, do you think that by now, 8 years later in 2017, Bitcoin would be dead because 10MB meant doom? Honest questions.
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:14:24


I did... Read everything after the words "You're measuring incorrectly."


I don't feel like it. This debate has gone on for years, and all the supporting links for what Satoshi said, among other things, have been posted and re-posted over and over. If you didn't catch it then, that's not my problem.
@_date: 2016-12-13 21:58:22
I second the recommendation to use bitpay, especially if you plan to convert immediately to cash. As l understand it this requires no added paperwork from a merchant perspective as it looks like any other accepted payment method, credit cards for example.
I'm assuming you're in the US where bitcoins are quite legal. How someone pays then becomes irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-12-13 22:17:05
Larger block advocates like Gavin say Bitcoin should be a settlement layer too. For the millionth time, an all of the above approach to scaling is recommended.
@_date: 2016-12-24 15:00:36


Talk about changing the narrative. We're discussing what people do to store value. Newsflash: people don't issue bonds. Bonds are generally issued by governments or corporations. People take out loans, but again we're discussing what makes a better **store of value / purchasing power**. That's the original thread topic, remember? You're really reaching to try to argue someone can store their wealth by going into debt. That's not a store of wealth. For one thing debt can vanish instantly by being defaulted on. That doesn't happen with gold, and it can't even happen with fiat currency (currency can lose its value rapidly, but not instantly). 


Again, I never said people don't store wealth many ways. I'm the one giving examples of this you probably didn't even consider (like investing in one's children). The point in question is out of many wealth storage options people expect to be able to use as currency, what holds purchasing power better (stores value better)? The thread topic compares gold (which HAS been used as currency) and fiat currency. Bitcoin is another possibility. Seashells have been used as currency in the past too. You would have been better suggesting that, because all this fits the conversation. But you start going on about equities and real estate. That's simply out of place and irrelevant.


Finally, something we agree on.
@_date: 2016-11-19 17:13:32


It's not a minor point. That's the point. If it was minor they wouldn't even make a point to say they would change it. The way they are implementing SegWit is *possible* but it's not the best way to do it from a pure system design view. I don't think any Core developers would disagree. However, when taking everything into consideration, including politics and their feelings on block size and hard forks they feel the best *overall* option is to implement it the way they plan. I understand how they arrive at that conclusion even if I don't agree with it. 
I just hate for the majority of the community to be unaware of the details surrounding this issue. The original comment I replied to was this:
*"The vast majority of those opposing Segwit are doing so because they are opposed to the group (Bitcoin Core) that produced it"*
People actually think that's all there is to it.
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:22:45


Not at all. I'm simply trying to give people the best view I can of what I feel their two choices are, the smallblocker vision or bigblocker vision. What you presented didn't let new readers know the choice boils down to approach and risk preference, but one seems more reckless IMO. 
Smallblockers will readily tell you they have no clear technical explanation of how to scale to serve the whole world. And it's not Lightning either. In fact, Greg Maxwell (arguably the leader of smallblockers) held his view (keep 1MB limit) *before* the idea for Lightning was even invented. Did you even know that?  Your post explicitly mentioned Lightning. How can your picture be accurate when Lightning wasn't even invented during the first years of debate?
The bigblockers on the other hand have a comprehensive, rational, technical based explanation of how both are possible. That's not what you presented.
@_date: 2016-12-21 21:14:57
To each his own. You sound a bit angry. I guess the vast majority of the world is asinine because holding currency for long periods is exactly what the vast majority does. Stocks do what they do. Currencies do what they do. Gold and silver do what they do. These metals have nothing to prove, as I have nothing I feel I need to convince you of. Please do whatever you want with how you manage and store value. Over thousands of years the same gold bits that may have been buried in a pharaoh's tomb or worn around the neck of a bride in China, which is now filling in somebody's tooth, still holds value; value which has never gone to zero. That's what I call low risk, and like or not the vast majority of people prefer simplification and avoiding risk.
@_date: 2016-12-16 17:03:52
Umm, it's YOUR link? Maybe it was just for show. People were not supposed to click through. Yes, that would be typical of reddit.
@_date: 2016-11-11 17:39:59
No, but a single focus like sha256 is probably the worst case. Something like Scrypt which also involves memory doesn't eliminate the problem but can slow competitive advantage a bit as one must excel in more than one area. That's always going to help the overall field. I commented on what I think the best approach is in the earlier thread on this.
@_date: 2016-12-16 18:00:39


That's not how it works. Google doesn't list results by most recent. It lists by most relevant. If Google hadn't indexed ZH at the time of your link it's true ZH wouldn't have been there. Other results would have shown. However, a key component of Google PageRank is the weighting/importance of the site. A site like Bloomberg or CNN for example, has a much higher weighting than anyone's personal blog, or even ZH. If Bloomberg or CNN had been there before, they would still be there NOW. It might show ZH as the 1st result because, as you point out, it's also the exact words of an article title ZH used. But that doesn't mean the **reputable** sites of Bloomberg, CNN or Reuters etc. which may have shown up would have disappeared. 
It doesn't work that way. They don't show up now because they never showed up. That means your link does NOT (and never did) back up the point you asserted which was: ZH plagiarizes what is widely covered on other reputable sites (include embedded link).
Again, that is my point. 
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:11:51
Yes, Satoshi always said Bitcoin was an open source project. However the world is a big place, with lots of developers. Still there are some that have risen to be regarded as in more leadership/respected expert roles. This includes Greg Maxwell, Jeff Garzik, Wladimir Van der Laan, and Pieter Wuille. AFAIK these are the developers assembled by Gavin to provide the majority of work on Bitcoin in addition to himself in the earliest days after (and slightly before) Satoshi left.
@_date: 2016-12-15 23:28:05


That's like commenters on another website complaining a poster kept referencing when talking about Bitcoin news. People post sources that have topics of interest. ZH covers financial topics you don't usually see covered many other places.
@_date: 2016-11-23 00:34:29
If anybody here hasn't seen the [Hidden Secrets of Money]( videos by Mike Maloney I highly recommend them. 
@_date: 2016-11-19 16:15:02


If they would change something that means the way they are doing it isn't already optimum, doesn't it? Bitcoin is supposed to have the potential to be a world-class, global payment system handling millions of transactions per day. For such a system every detail has huge meaning. 
@_date: 2016-11-18 18:11:33
This doesn't 100% accurately reflect the truth. There are people, like Gavin, myself and others, who truly think SegWit would be better and more cleanly implemented a different way, but requiring a hard-fork. I think even Greg Maxwell admitted a hard fork implementation would be better, if it were not a question of other issues that go along with a hard fork (my words, not his; I think he felt the benefits were not worth changing course). 
Personally, I'm in favor of Segwit. I'm even in favor of implementing it as Core plans, if there is no better alternative route (like not being able to arrive at hard-fork consensus). However, I do think consensus could be achieved, if there were some minimal concession toward the bigger-block side, like an increase to only 2MB and nothing more. Given all the other proposals with far greater increases, many which had decent support, it's hard to see why such a small commitment wouldn't be okay, even if it didn't activate for several months. If for no other reason than showing that finally there was something the two sides could agree about and work on together, it might be worth it.
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:57:34


It's a good thing that only just, sensible laws exist, nobody has ever been wrongly convicted, and nobody ever needs worry about fighting frivolous lawsuits!


It's not about having power. It's true someone will always have it. It's about having *outsize* power (which can be unhealthy/corrupt). That's where Bitcoin/crypto can help.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:32:09


Of course they volunteered. I don't mean Gavin went after them. I'm saying they did so under Gavin's leadership, in a sense. Satoshi even said something about Gavin motivating "his team". In the earliest days Satoshi was alone. He got a prototype of Bitcoin working which he published to Sourceforge and released his white paper. Shortly after, Gavin contacted Satoshi, gave a brief background on his skills and offered to help. I don't know the exact date each of the developers started contributing code. I do know at some point Satoshi encouraged Gavin to take a more active leadership role, which he reluctantly did with an announcement on Bitcointalk where he asked for developers (meeting certain criteria) to help out. I think this is around the time the core code was moved to GitHub. Satoshi stopped communicating a little while later.
@_date: 2016-11-16 18:49:58


Source? The "proof" Wright showed the public definitely wasn't acceptable. I haven't seen Gavin comment on the *different* proof Wright showed him privately, though, other than his original blog post.
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:36:51


I didn't come here to argue but I need to set the record straight. In the earliest days at one point it was only Satoshi and Gavin Andresen primarily writing the code to power Bitcoin. That's just a fact. Gavin is a big blocker and Satoshi himself is documented as believing in larger blocks. A lot of people (including myself) got involved with Bitcoin fully believing the 1MB limit would be lifted. So it can be argued the smallblocker vision is the newer vision, not the large block one. I know I'm in the lion's den here, but these are historical facts. Anyway, it may not matter as the market seems to have found a way to provide conflict resolution.
@_date: 2016-11-17 16:53:58


Oh geez. What, am I making this up? What part do I have wrong? Satoshi didn't ask Gavin to take on a leadership role in Bitcoin? Were you there before Gavin or did Satoshi ask that of you? I don't think that is the case.
I'm not trying to make any side or person seem more admirable/respectable etc. I'm honestly trying to be accurate. Okay... going into research mode. Here are quotes to consider (and note your own Bitcointalk registration date is 5/5/2011):
**From Gavin (11/10/2010):** *"Satoshi is the main developer and person most in control of bitcoin (as said above).  I've been the second-most active developer over the last month or so."* [link](
**From Gavin (12/19/2010):** *"With Satoshi's blessing, and with great reluctance, I'm going to start doing more active project management for bitcoin. ...Anyway, I've created an integration/staging tree at:   [link](
**From Wladimir van der Laan (2/11/2012):** *"[And I hope someday I get replaced as the technical lead for this project. I'm sure there are lots of people better qualified than me, I'm just doing the best I can to try to help make Bitcoin a success.] Rock on Gavin. You're doing a great job. In the beginning I was also a bit critical of bitcoin development, but it all ended up fine, and you've earned a lot of people's trust."* [link](
It took a ridiculously long time to find that 2nd main quote I was looking for, and it's not even obscure. I haven't found the Satoshi quote about Gavin motivating his team yet because it *is* obscure, and I'm not sure if I saw it on Bitcointalk or referenced in a message Satoshi sent, but I'm quite sure I've seen it. I'll try to post again if I find it or send you a PM.
@_date: 2016-12-16 17:42:57
Ok, forget ZH being the top result. Respond to the rest of my comment. I'll rewrite it:
Your link doesn't show it covered many other places. That's my point. The second result is this reddit thread. The third result is christianresearch7777777.blogspot.com; the fourth result is usa.shafaqna.com; the fifth result is allthink.com.
When you said ZH usually plagiarizes news widely covered by reputable sources and included a link on those last words anybody would naturally expect upon clicking through to see maybe Bloomberg in the results, or Yahoo Finance, or CNN or RT or Reuters or FT or even a very popular financial blog at the very least. None of that appeared... 
@_date: 2016-11-16 20:44:58


Of course he doesn't. Gavin never said WE should take Wright as Satoshi. He only said HE got convinced of that. 
The focus shouldn't be on Gavin. It should be on Wright as Wright is the one claiming he is Satoshi. However, since Wright refuses to (or can't) provide acceptable proof then whether he is or isn't becomes irrelevant. If he is, then he has ruined his reputation by acting in a very strange and deceitful way. If he isn't then he's a giant (and apparently very clever) fraudster. Either way the best resolution is to ignore him.
@_date: 2016-12-21 00:07:59


Not really. The problem is the US began breaking free from the standard right after 1913 when the Fed was created. The Fed inflated for WWI creating a bubble which we saw in the "roaring twenties" which of course ended with the 1929 stock market crash which ushered in the Great Depression. If you want specifics on how this happened read here:
*Governments can pay their bills in three ways: taxes, debt, and inflation. The public usually recognizes the first two, for they are difficult to hide. But the third tends to go unnoticed by the public because it involves a slow and subtle reduction in the value of money ... Before explaining how this process worked, it is necessary to know a few things about the Fed. The institution began operations in 1914 on the "real-bills" principle. ... The original Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act required that all circulating notes issued by the central bank be backed 100% by real bills. On top of this, an additional 40% gold reserve was to be held by the Fed. In those days, Federal Reserve notes  a liability of the Fed  were convertible into gold, and the 40% gold reserve added additional security. ... "To help finance the war, the US government would have to open up the Fed's balance sheet to the Treasury's war debt."*
*A major step was taken in June 1917 with the relaxation of the double requirement of 100% real bills and 40% gold for each dollar issued. A small change to Section 16 now meant that the 40% gold reserve could simultaneously substitute for 40% of the real-bills requirement.*
*Rather than holding $1.40 in assets for each $1.00 issued ($1.00 real bills, 40 gold), the Fed now only needed to hold $1.00, comprised of 40 gold and 60 real bills. This freed up a significant amount of the Fed's collateral for new issues of notes.*
@_date: 2016-12-20 22:01:33


Fiat currencies are volatile too. During Brexit the pound lost about 9% in a day. The Russian ruble often drops around 10% in a day and dropped almost 20% to start 2015. These are major national currencies. The US dollar is a bit more stable, but heck it's only the *reserve currency* for the entire world (a status coming more and more into question). Don't get me started on the more crappy currencies (looking at you Venezuelan bolivar).
The nice thing is if you look at a chart for gold over 15 years or bitcoin for its entire 7 year history, their volatility always eventually means higher values :)
@_date: 2016-12-15 23:05:07
Missing money in the trillions is still a fact:
[Pentagons Sloppy Bookkeeping Means $6.5 Trillion Cant Pass an Audit](
A full audit of the Fed would be very interesting I'm sure.
@_date: 2016-12-20 23:02:54
Well, yes, you have a point. I'm not a pure gold bug. I tend to follow what a guy named [Mike Maloney]( says. He talks about wealth *cycles* explaining the returns you get in various assets go in cycles, so you don't want to stay in anything too long. I think that's more accurate if you're a long term investor. 
However, for the average Joe gold on average, over long periods of time, does hold purchasing power better than anything else. In other words, 1 oz of gold would buy you a similar number loaves of bread 500 years ago as 100 years ago, and this is worldwide. Chances are 1 oz of gold will buy at least that number of loaves today too (probably a lot more). Fiat currencies, OTOH, have a 100% track record of eventually becoming worth nothing.
@_date: 2016-11-02 23:29:06
Yes, I've seen that quote before. It's one place I think satoshi was wrong for the ideal configuration of the network. The quote is exactly describing Bit main.
@_date: 2016-12-16 20:47:12


I wasn't the one that originally posted the ZH article. In fact I've never posted a ZH article to Yet they keep showing up. So it's obviously about more than what I think. No reporter is flawless. However, it's possible for some reporting to be woefully lacking. Seeing as how sites like the WSJ did not predict the housing bubble or 2008 financial crisis, but less known, non-mainstream voices like [Peter Schiff did]( I think it's certainly worthwhile to consider alternative news sources that seem to stand out (like ZH) even though they are not mainstream. If that causes you mirth, well so be it.
@_date: 2016-12-15 20:12:00
I'm not tearing you down. I'm just showing how defending Ross Ulbricht's actions doesn't immediately make someone immoral. When a person is threatened they have the right to defend themselves. Usually the level of defense justified is commensurate with the level of the threat. Operating at the level Ross Ulbricht did certainly meant his life was threatened, not with death but with permanent imprisonment, as was others under his protection so to speak. 
@_date: 2016-11-20 18:03:31
I don't think the best way to design a system is simply to ask whether or not choices have any immediate drawbacks. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 19:46:07


Oh really? What do people use as money now then? Do tell.
@_date: 2016-11-23 18:58:26


There is quite a ways between 1MB and 1GB. I think people fearing very large blocks have legitimate concern. I don't think either approach (1MB or unlimited/1G+) is desirable alone. I've said (as has Gavin) I think we need an 'all of the above' approach. We need SegWit, Lightning, inventive off-chain solutions, and whatever else we come up with. We have a technical challenge in front of us. Luckily we've got the most talented technical people in the world interested in Bitcoin IMO. But we have the best chance of success working together rather than opposed to each other all the time. The truth is the side favoring larger blocks came up with numerous compromises/proposals. The side favoring small blocks so far has come up with nothing actionable except SegWit, with a promise of larger blocks when 'deemed appropriate'. However, in Bitcoin no change (or split) is the default when everyone can't agree.
@_date: 2016-12-20 22:24:53


You're kidding right? You haven't seen a gold chart over the last 15 years have you?
@_date: 2016-12-16 17:18:59


Uh, that the link would support the point you were asserting: 
"ZH usually just plagiarizes &amp; sensationalizes news that is widely covered by reputable sources." (embedded link)
Otherwise why include the link?
@_date: 2016-12-16 19:29:09


You are right. The oldest comment is 2 days ago. That would be Wed. 12/14/16. So what happened here? What exactly was updated? Article title? Content? What? What was there at first?
Here are the events as I recall them. Wednesday was a big day in the world of finance because the US Fed was predicted to raise interest rates for the first time this year and 2nd time in nearly 10 years. A big event to be sure. The Fed followed through and did. This caused a hit to global bond markets. So the WSJ showing some sort of coverage of this historic chain of events makes sense. 
The ZH article linked in this thread isn't the first coverage ZH had. That article was posted 12/15/16 at 10AM. However, the very first sentence references a ZH article following the topic posted overnight at 12/15/16 1AM, closer to Wednesday. So ZH was doing some updating too. In the world of finance not only days matter, but hours, so that makes sense. But the interesting thing is if you go to the 1AM article it references an article *predicting* possible bond trouble in a ZH article posted 11/28/16, which is obviously far before the WSJ article and indeed before the events covered even took place.
Now THAT in my book is valuable (financial) reporting. That's the value add sites like ZH provide. This backs up my original point that you find content on ZH that you're not likely to see elsewhere. There is a reason people keep posting what is otherwise a private blog to sites like So again, what point is it that you're making that should discourage people from ZH? That they only cover what is "widely" covered elsewhere? Again, you haven't shown that. That they don't have any worthwhile coverage to consider? I think I have shown that isn't the case. And your link STILL doesn't show any reputable site coverage in the results.
@_date: 2016-11-25 23:50:27
Debt alone doesn't tell the whole story. That's why the key word is expenses. If you have $1M in debt at 0.001% interest then servicing it is easy. You're quite wealthy. OTOH if it takes 20 hour work days to keep that penthouse and Lamborghini, you're not wealthy at all and you can't even enjoy them.
Your true wealth is your time. If you can acquire things that cost money but still keep as much free time as you like, that's when you're truly wealthy. The various numbers - debt, income, etc - are only relevant relative to that. The exception is if you can earn doing something you love as that's not necessarily counted as work.
@_date: 2016-12-23 09:19:25
You're out of your mind. Look at what you said:


How do you store your wealth in debt? Ridiculous. 
In your very first reply to me you replied quoting my comment as: "does hold purchasing power better than anything else" saying "except equities".
Since when do people routinely use houses to hold their purchasing power? 
People use homes to live in; yes, and they also serve a store of wealth since they are so large a part of a person's life (being shelter they are one of the three basic needs for survival), but that's not what we're talking about. 
This thread is about gold ounces and fiat currency. It's a thread on a subreddit called Bitcoin. This is all about things which can be used like **money** and in that context what makes the better store of value or purchasing power. Then you chime in with equities. Equities, to my knowledge, have never been used as money on any wide scale (if at all). However, since they are highly traded and fairly liquid I allowed them into consideration for the conversation, though I still don't believe a majority of people use equities to store purchasing power. Then you start talking about real estate and debt. What the hell? How did we get here? That isn't in the least what we're discussing. People store their overall wealth in a variety of ways. This includes real estate, currency, investments (stocks, bonds), businesses and equipment, vehicles. People also invest a lot of their time, which is wealth in another form, in education hoping for good ROI on that investment later. A person's overall portfolio, where they have valuable assets, is comprised of many things, including even their children in some cases (in Asian cultures investing in the child's health and/or education takes the place of retirement planning, instead of vehicles like 401ks etc). So I'm not arguing with you about the many ways different people manage wealth. That spans a wide range of options.
The bottom line is the one common denominator for the majority of the world is at any given time if a person has any wealth at all (after the basic needs of food and clothing) it's more likely to be stored in currency than anything else. A person may not have a house, but they're likely to have some currency, even if it's only 5 cents. A person may not have equities or a degree, but they'll have some currency. From the richest to the poorest person and everything in between, people all over the world *do* hold onto and use currency. More have that in common than anything else. That's simply a fact.
@_date: 2016-12-16 18:26:45


Maybe because they did? I don't know who broke the story. I do know I follow a lot of finance related news (see username) and seeing the ZH China bond article on was the first I'd heard of the event. It appears the WSJ article came later. And again your own words were, and I quote, "widely covered". That doesn't mean citing one source which may have came late to the coverage party.
Either way, your link doesn't even show what WSJ has, so again, your link appears completely useless for backing up the point you were asserting. So I ask again, why include the link?
@_date: 2016-11-26 04:21:32
I'm not going to debate this. I've done enough of that. Prominent Core devs have already indicated how they feel about the better way to construct the system with SegWit if other items didn't concern them. Besides, l made two other points you didn't address.
@_date: 2016-12-21 17:56:51


That's the point of a gold standard. That you can go bust. The problem comes when you have a central bank, because it *can't* go bust. Instead the currency it issues simply becomes worth less and less, until eventually it's worth nothing and replaced (or reincarnated) altogether.


No it made them laxer. Think of it this way. Let's say you have a  50mph freeway that has no guard rails and is a mile off the ground. If you go too fast you fall off and you die. That's a pure gold standard. There is no negotiation. If you go faster than physics allows, gravel on the road etc., you die. Those are rules everyone can understand, and guess what, I doubt everyone would be so stupid as to all die. A maximum speed limit would be observed, no cops needed. Guaranteed. Natural.
Okay, now let's say reinforced guard rails are erected all along the freeway. As long as cars didn't leave the ground they could lose control and crash, but nobody would fall over. To regulate speed limits cops with radar guns are added. This is a central bank. I guarantee you'll have more instances of speeding and reckless driving over several years with this model. Why? It's because humans are fallible, subject to negotiation, pleading, mistakes and/or corruption. Those cops might be asleep on the job, bribed, on strike or any number of things preventing them properly regulating speed. So you get reckless driving anyway. That's a *relaxing* of rules not making them tighter.
@_date: 2016-12-16 17:30:26


It doesn't. That's my point. Again, ZH is the top Google result. The next result is this reddit thread. The third result is christianresearch7777777.blogspot.com; the fourth result is usa.shafaqna.com; the fifth result is allthink.com. 
When you said ZH usually plagiarizes news widely covered by **reputable sources** and included a link on those last words anybody would naturally expect upon clicking through to see maybe Bloomberg in the results, or Yahoo Finance, or CNN or RT or Reuters or FT or even a very popular financial blog at the very least. None of that appeared... 
@_date: 2016-12-16 16:38:39
Umm... You do realize the link you gave me to Google results has ZH as the top source with other obscure less known sources following.
@_date: 2016-11-26 18:40:18


Somewhere between early adopters and early majority. If I had to pick one I'd say early adopters.
@_date: 2016-12-13 22:29:01
It could. PCI compliance is a relic of the need to responsibly handle sensitive client payment info. With bitcoin that disappears as nothing sensitive (like the freaking account access number) is ever revealed. 
Credit cards and bank accounts are pull payments. Bitcoin is push.
@_date: 2016-11-16 18:25:28


What are you saying? That Wright didn't show Gavin acceptable proof? You weren't there, were you? 
@_date: 2016-11-23 18:00:52
Here is the reality. Bitcoin currently has about 0.05% of the worlds population. At 1MB we're already seeing the limits of on-chain capacity hit. According to Lightning's own creators it takes ~100MB block size for LN to handle the world's transactions. So increasing the block size 2x, under optimum conditions, doesn't scale the network to any notable portion of global usage. 
The interesting thing is Greg Maxwell believed the network should remain at 1MB blocks *before* Lightning was even proposed. It's just a different perspective for how the network should look, and if it doesn't look like that the alternative seems to be 'oh well, it won't work then'. I just don't see it that way. I don't believe in unlimited block size, but given natural advancement of tech surely there is a reasonably safe limit *somewhere* above 1MB.
@_date: 2017-08-07 17:21:29


That's not how Lightning works. No single user is going to have one million transactions. A single channel needs to close by itself, meaning it's worth at most whatever the deposit was from the user of that channel. 
Let me recap the model. A user deposits $100-$500 with a 'hub'. Now that user buys a coffee for $3. The reason the (instant) tx is deemed secure is that the user gives the hub a signed note which if published changes her refund from say $500 to $497. If the channel closes in user's favor it's worth up to $500, but if the channel needs to close in the hub's favor it's only worth $3 at that point, the price for the one transaction. If it's unknown whether the network will allow the channel to close for less than $3 worth of value then that transaction's settlement security is *unknown* which undermines the whole model of secure LN transactions.
@_date: 2016-12-22 21:15:57


If you mean the vast majority doesn't save and often spends, I'd agree. When I say "hold currency for long periods" I'm not talking about holding the same $5 bill you get for your 5th birthday from uncle George until you're age 20. Obviously currency is spent. What I meant is the vast majority seeks to store their received wealth in *currency* for long periods. This means accepting and using the currency, including any turnover.
@_date: 2016-12-21 10:35:48


Equities are prone to crash and become worthless too. Look at what I said. Gold holds purchasing power over multiple generations, over hundreds of years. Its value doesn't go to zero. Most companies don't survive past 200 years old. Currencies are not supposed to have risk. That's what makes them a good store of value.
@_date: 2016-12-16 17:08:35


So your response was to link to results showing ZH at the top of the results, and not much else interesting. That makes a lot of sense. I guess.
@_date: 2016-12-02 16:17:57


Everyone is greedy. Everyone wants nice and better things. If it weren't for greed reddit wouldn't exist to hold your comment on greed.
Being greedy isn't the problem. Being greedy and immoral is the problem. That's why capitalism is so amazing! It allows people to be naturally greedy, to act on that greed, but in a moral way, a way which is fair (in an open system) and which actually makes people's lives better.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:30:26


You didn't capture the basic arguments because you present only one outcome: centralization. You said the essence of the arguments only boils down to which form of centralization people want. That is NOT true. As I said, bigblockers have presented a very practical way to achieve both scale and decentralization, backed up with evidence and rational arguments.
@_date: 2016-12-21 16:45:29
So you respond to my post with nothing but ad hominem. You went from the linked article to attacking Mises, the author, referencing some wall chart and linking a 5 year image snapshot of gold from a peak to a low. You didn't say one word about the article itself... whether it was inaccurate, incomplete, nothing. 
Sounds like somebody has an agenda. Honestly, I thought you were really interested in learning something. If you have some preset dogmatic level ideology or opinion, please don't pretend to be interested in inquiry. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:02:17


Oh, well excuse me. Thankfully someone with your expertise is here to enlighten me.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:54:09
I'm not writing anybody out. Notice I didn't mention Mike Hearn either who AFAIK started collaborating on Bitcoin even before Greg Maxwell. However, Mike focused on helping in other ways than primarily building the original Bitcoin core code, like creating BitcoinJ the first Java implementation of the protocol. Many have contributed to Bitcoin in various ways (including legal advice, for example). My not listing specific people and specific details isn't meant to discount anyone or any contribution by any means.
@_date: 2016-12-21 16:07:17
To be fair he didn't say anything about Kenyan income. I think it was more a metaphorical knock on rising transaction fees. Kenya does probably have the largest, most advanced economy in the region, but if you go next door to Rwanda I think you'll find a majority of people living in subsistence. However, I'd rather have a home cooked Rwandan meal of chicken prepared with care using chickens likely killed from the yard within several hours as opposed to GMO corn fed, hormone injected chickens gone through various states of deep freeze likely served in many US chicken themed restaurants. :) Nothing wrong with recognizing the value in chickens for food. Ask these starving Venezuelans taped [stealing chickens from a stopped truck]( Good of you to take your expertise so far from home.
@_date: 2016-11-16 17:36:40


Gavin is indeed an expert. But he is also human. 
Gavin was tricked, but the trick wasn't necessarily incorrectly believing Wright to be Satoshi. That may still be the case (read Gavin's post, he gives two possibilities). He was tricked into putting his own credibility on the line by publishing before Wright delivered acceptable proof to the wider community. That was certainly a mistake, in hindsight, but no amount of intelligence would save any ordinary human from making it, if they weren't already on the lookout for it.
@_date: 2016-11-26 15:40:31
It's not about being lazy. It's about doing what one would rather be doing. :)
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:01:52
*sigh* 
I just debated another socialist [who claimed my idea]( of socialism was flawed. He said I needed to talk about "democratic socialism". You're saying I need to talk about "libertarian socialism" whatever that's supposed to mean. Socialists want to believe they have some misunderstood way to pull things off which others are simply misinformed about.
This stuff isn't rocket science. You can't get wealth from nowhere. If someone doesn't have it, but you want them to, they can either earn it themselves or you can give it to them. If you giving it is actually you an individual reaching into only your pocket fine, otherwise you're forcing others to give something they may not agree to. That's fundamentally known as theft.


This is the second problem of socialists. They think they must be right because they're advocating what seems morally right. 
The poor/middle class don't need a break if they're inside a fair system and they're just lazy/irresponsible. 
Unfortunately, America currently does NOT have a fair system, so it's true the poor/middle class need a break. The difference between you and me is I say we fix the system and make it fair. You say we keep the same big government system which encourages crony capitalism and just dish out payments to the poor which may *include* people just plain lazy/irresponsible.
@_date: 2015-08-07 20:12:23
Remember, advancing the cause of liberty isn't only one thing. It's multi-faceted. That's why I also push Peter Schiff's message around here whenever I can. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. Push on all fronts :)
@_date: 2015-08-09 15:26:27


To be clear that's what I'm talking about. You're just imagining it differently. I'm not talking about a one time tallied vote. I'm talking about a persistent vote. Spinning up nodes is cheap in the short but not longer term, and anyone else has the same opportunity. Again that's why there is resistance to block size increase. Those that want the lowest risk to compromising decentralization want to be sure people have cheap persistent voting (i.e. they want it to be cheap and accessible to use full nodes).
@_date: 2015-08-01 17:50:53


You're saying the leader gets 12:46 (766 seconds) while the lowest gets 1:43 (103 seconds), meaning the lowest person gets 13.4% of the leader? No way. If you want to bet on that let me know.
@_date: 2015-08-01 21:15:23


You don't seem to fundamentally understand what you're suggesting.
Bitcoin is about empowering people to **user their wealth (money) how they want to**. 
Bitcoin is powerful because people can be their own bank. The government doesn't have access to shut them out of the system. It's also hard for the government to confiscate (tax) people's bitcoins if they don't know how many they have or generate/earn.
Bernie Sanders is advocating **socialism**. This is FUNDAMENTALLY opposite of the idea of individual freedom (including economic freedom), individual responsibility, and individual choice. How in the world do you reconcile the two? Socialism is about increasing the size and scope of government. It's about forcefully taking money from some in society and giving it to others. The larger the government and its programs, the more it must take from and control others. Supporting Bitcoin being successful and Bernie Sanders at the same time makes zero sense. Big banks and big government go hand in hand (if you saw the video you should know this). Bitcoin is about taking power away from banks and government and giving it back to free individuals.


Rand Paul draws a line with separation of church and state, but he's free to espouse personal recommendations. George W. Bush said he asked "a higher authority" about going to war in Iraq. Rand Paul wouldn't do that. He doesn't believe in invading other countries that haven't attacked us. Tent revivals are harmless in comparison.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:54:44
Bitcoin is always susceptible to the same kinds of attacks, no matter what version one runs.
@_date: 2015-08-06 01:49:52
I don't see further argument over block size as bearing fruit, but I do want to comment on this out of technical interest:
**Pieter Wuille:** Full node count is at its historically lowest value in years, and outsourcing of full validation keeps growing.
I've also seen Greg Maxwell point to node count numbers in one of his arguments. What I haven't seen discussed is that historically new technology is often only used by a small subset of society, due to its complexity. Think of the first mainframe computers. Who could use those? What about the first automobiles, airplanes, or televisions and radios? These required specialized knowledge of not only operation, but to some degree the inner workings. How many people would use desktop computers if they still had only a prompt and cursor staring back a them? Not many.
What happens is as time goes on technology is refined and made more user friendly. If the barrier to entry is low enough versus the benefits of usage then more than just the most tech savvy enthusiasts will utilize the technology more fully. What I mean is it seems to me some core developers might imagine if the block limit had been 0.5 MB all this time we might see a doubling of all the nodes we see now, 0.25 MB a quadrupling. I think that's completely wrong. I believe we'd see the exact same thing.
Node count has been dropping because as the community has grown and more convenient ways to experience bitcoin have emerged, even while adoption increasingly includes people who don't naturally find technical complexity interesting, people have chosen the paths of least resistance.
I do think full validation at lower levels is important. I also think people can learn to appreciate why. Once it's made super convenient to do so through projects like [bitnodes and bitseed]( I think we'll see the trend on node count reverse.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:58:32


That makes no sense. Your account number is on all paper checks, so it's easy for anybody to get it. You're saying any person, without your knowledge, could deposit cash into your account then later say it was fraud, and get your account shut down. That makes no sense.
@_date: 2015-08-01 15:46:09
It doesn't work like that. For the prime-time debate each of the 10 candidates will get about 10 minutes speaking time total. Each has 1 minute to respond to questions and 30 seconds for follow-ups or if directly attacked by someone. I was just reading the Fox News guidelines but can't find the article now.
@_date: 2015-08-12 20:10:20


Yes, but that's at your own discretion. You're not legally obligated, because you're not a citizen and don't physically have a presence there. 
Let me give an example. It's illegal to view pornography in North Korea (I've heard). In the United States it's not illegal to make pornographic websites with legal consenting adults, and charge for access to these sites. As a U.S. citizen if I create and charge for such a site I don't have to ask each country of the world whether its citizens can access it. If people in North Korea access my website and pay me with bitcoin, that's their business, and I'm happy to take it. If Kim Jong-un has a problem with it, that's his problem. I don't answer to him. I'm not under his jurisdiction or laws. And, thankfully, my government won't hand me over to him at his request. That's how it goes. (this is also how Julian Assange of Wikileaks has avoided U.S. jail)
Second point: The virtual currency rules FinCEN operates under are not law. Nothing was passed by the U.S. Congress regarding virtual currency. FinCEN simply *interpreted* existing laws to apply to virtual currency, but they can't do that. Well, they can, obviously, but they don't have the legal authority to do so. The problem is to challenge FinCEN on it you have to be willing to fight legally, all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary, which isn't a cakewalk. 
The United States Constitution is very clear. The federal government only has the powers outlined within the Constitution. The rest are reserved to the states and people. It's no wonder we're riding roughshod over the U.S. Constitution. People think governments can do anything they wish without challenge or limits. 
Governments only have the power you allow them, people.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:42:49


I don't think that's true. I'd be shocked if it was. If anyone can confirm please do so.
Regarding the article, it mentions having account number and **routing number**. It's still a valid article, though, as that info is commonly printed on every paper check.
@_date: 2015-08-10 18:01:33


Bitcoin Trezor costs $119 right now, but the device could provide similar security. Historically technology gets cheaper over time too.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:01:36
One way to get Bitcoins within an hour is to use [LibertyX]( if you're in the US. Go to a participating merchant, hand over cash. Done.
A second way is to use LocalBitcoins.com. There are usually trusted sellers that let you deposit cash in any bank branch and they send you bitcoins instantly.
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:44:19
No problem. I have no problem paying confirmed wagers of course :)
On the topic I actually found this YouTube video of "All of Rand Paul's responses".
It's 12:02 minutes long. I'm reviewing it now. I don't know the timing method that Reason article used. Maybe they only counted when each candidate responded to a direct question. My point was about total speaking time, including rebuttals, and Rand Paul had a big one with Gov Chris Christie. They go back and forth, but still Rand Paul over the total clips seems to have more than the Reason time of 4:51. 
@_date: 2015-08-15 14:10:12
One easy method is using LocalBitcoins.com. List a Seller ad for cash Bank deposit. LBC will hold your BTC in escrow until you verify the deposit was made. People usually have the depositor upload an image of the deposit slip, but be careful as an image can be manipulated. One technique is having the person rip the deposit slip in half before photographing so it's easier to detect image manipulation. Note: be sure to use cash only, and have the person write something like 'buying at localbitcoins.com - no refund' on the slip to protect against scams.
If the uploaded deposit slip looks good, and you've verified the deposit was made to your account (online or by phone) then release the BTC. This process can be very quick. Buyers can receive coins in about 1 hour. All they need for deposit is account  name, and state (or zip). I haven't tried large amounts, but I imagine you could do say $500-1000 at a time safely. This also works well for detecting counterfeit bills, which is hard, but banks are good at, and of course cash deposits can't be reversed.
If you're not in a hurry for the cash you could buy gold/silver from a reputable bitcoin accepting merchant  (providentmetals.com seems ok). Once you have your gold/silver you can of course sell it at any coin shop for cash.
Last, of course you can use an exchange like Coinbase.com to link your bank account for buying/selling coins. Of course this involves a lot of identification, verification and time etc.
@_date: 2015-08-13 15:11:17


Yes, I agree. Another example of an illegal prank is slashing the tires on someone's vehicle. Another example is the game "knockout" which I say rates above Cryptolocker. While some here might rather be knocked out than lose data I still say no one has lost a life as a result of Cryptolocker. That's not true of knockout:
While I'd love to get my hands on criminals behind Cryptolocker, it's the knockout game that gets my blood boiling.
@_date: 2015-08-01 17:14:50


Okay, let's get this straight. The article I read says all candidates will get about 10 minutes speaking time, if I recall correctly. Now, it's obviously not possible with a non-scripted debate to ensure every candidate has *exactly* 10 minutes speaking time. However, on average all should get about the same time. That might mean Trump gets 11 minutes (he might ignore moderator cues, and get away with it) while the least fortunate person gets 9, but **on average** this still means all candidates remain within about 1 minute of 10, or whatever the average is. 
You're saying Rand Paul won't get a fair shake and will be less than 1 minute of the average of all candidates. Right? If that's true I'll send you .1 BTC. Otherwise you send me .1 BTC. Bet?
@_date: 2015-08-01 17:27:28
If it wasn't Trump I might take that, but he's so wild he might run over to the moderator and yank the mic out of their hands.
No, it's the way I specified or nothing. Let me know.
@_date: 2015-08-01 18:16:08
That's a 30 minute video. I asked you for an example. 
I watched the first 4 minutes. In it Sanders jumps right into advocating for socialism and that healthcare is a human right. So let me take this as your example, and see if I get this straight.
You do understand that nothing is free... somebody always pays somehow, somewhere even if the cost isn't obvious and upfront. In the U.S. we have a problem with illegal immigration. It's common for a poor mother to have a kid (or multiple) and sign up for the government to pay for that expense through various avenues, like foodstamps, housing vouchers, and healthcare, even while staying home and doing nothing but watching television and enjoying that family/situation. When you subsidize something you get more of it; you encourage it. So what you would be encouraging is more of the same, more immigrants having kids into poverty and relying on the working portion of the population to take care of them. You think that's the right thing to do?
@_date: 2015-08-02 00:04:24


And do you know *why* it went down? I'm betting you don't. I'll give you a chance to answer before telling you.
@_date: 2015-08-09 03:03:09


Not really. Bitcoin is still in early development, and it's a new form of money. It's not physical. It's like trying to use the Internet and email before web browsers.
You're doing a local physical exchange exercise with money that isn't ideal for local physical exchange. Bitcoin shines with far distant exchanges. To use bitcoin you need a wallet which can hold/send coins, so the students would need to get that at a minimum and that's [a whole lecture]( by itself. Then the students have to redeem the QR code (private key) to their wallet, which would have to be on a smartphone if they're in class, and finally be able to send those coins to tip other students, meaning they need to generate QR codes and scan phone-to-phone or read aloud public key addresses to receive coins/tips. That's a lot of learning for a few bucks and hasn't really anything to do with math.
To tell the truth, the most painless way to do it would be to have all the students create a reddit account here. Then you could make a thread just for your math class and tip people in it via [ChangeTip]( The students could tip back and forth easily then, and redeem their tips to their own wallets at their leisure.
**Edit:** just to be clear the above is for students tipping various amounts. If you just want to trade around the original $1 paper wallet printouts that's different, and straightforward :)
**Edit 2: thanks for all the downvotes Reddit!** Watch this video and tell me Bitcoin is easy to use for local exchanges. This place is getting ridiculous. 
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:05:41


I don't think they're U.S. citizens nor located within the U.S.
The U.S. doesn't have world jurisdiction.
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:50:25
I don't have time to research every country in the world, but I just took a look at Denmark.
First, I want to point out there are a lot of factors that potentially go into "happiness". One thing you may not be aware of is Denmark is one of the top countries having a high population of atheist or non-religious people. I won't go into a long debate but religion is responsible for a lot of violence and suffering throughout history. Look at the Christian Crusades, look at today's unending wars in the Middle East. Religion causes a lot of psychological pain in various ways believe it or not. However, without religious notions and obstacles people seem to feel closer to one another as they connect on a more fundamentally human level. After all, without gods humans are all other humans have. I personally believe you find happier people who are comfortable in their own existence, don't find sexual intercourse sinful, and feel a fundamental kinship with their fellow man.
Getting back to socialism. To understand the problem with socialism you have to understand everything comes down to cost. Nobody is against the *goals* of socialism, like helping the poor, or being charitable, having compassion. Libertarians like myself simply say socialists try achieving those goals the WRONG way. You can't FORCE people to do things. Once you do you've already lost the moral high ground.
So, again, with Denmark the very first thing I looked at was their debt to GDP. Just as I expected it's high. It's about 45%! That is half of the heavily indebted United States. Yet they only have a fraction of the population! Denmark's population is just 5.7 million people. That's only slightly larger than the city of Los Angeles (3.9M)! Yet they have half as much debt as a country as the United States which has a population almost 100 times bigger. The large costs of maintaining their socialist programs are masked, they're deferred into the future so people don't feel them fully now. To understand what I mean see [this comment]( I just made to another socialist. 
**Here is the bottom line:** if socialist policies are SO GREAT then why the hell do they have to be law? Socialists should simply be able to convince people they have a better method and people should volunteer to be part of their community/govt/country. You don't need it to be law. Just let people volunteer to donate a portion of their paychecks to healthcare and foodstamps etc. It has to be law because it won't work that way. And once it's law the people will object, that is, unless they don't immediately feel the cost by the govt. taking on and deferring the debt into the future. Show me a country with a sovereign currency and a low debt to gdp figure where the people have to work for a living (they're not simply oil rich), and still has predominantly socialist programs. Then I'll gladly say you win.
@_date: 2015-08-14 17:26:59


I think you mean 8MB.
I do think it's urgent we raise the block size. I also think it's urgent we do it sooner than later, and that we try to satisfactorily solve the problem so we don't go through this again. The reason I think it's urgent is it becomes harder to reach consensus the larger the community.
A hard fork is when both fully validating nodes and miners change their software to accept some change. This requires large consensus or things get messy. In the early days there was a Bitcoin bug allowing someone to spend anyone's coins. A software patch was implemented and Satoshi simply told everyone to upgrade all nodes. There was no debate or discussion. His instruction *was* consensus. The problem was solved. A similar thing happened with adding the 1MB size limit as a flooding defense measure. People simply ran that software without any debate.
When the community was small it was easy to get decision making done and problems solved. Think of trying to add a 1MB limit today! It would be impossible. This is because the community is larger and more diverse. Time makes a difference. I've long argued this.
@_date: 2015-08-02 02:18:30


The reason there was a problem with illegal immigration is people felt they could find better living opportunities in the U.S. than their own country. Many *risked their lives* (and died) crossing the unforgiving hot desert leading into states like Arizona. 
People are simple and want basically the same things out of life. Race has nothing to do with it. People will go where they feel they have better opportunity. If you set up a system which gives people an economic pass/advantage (like free or low cost housing and healthcare) they will gravitate toward it, but the problem is nothing is free. There is a cost. If people want to come here to work and be productive I'm all for it (so is Rand Paul). If people want to come here for handouts to be a drag on the system and productive working people, something socialist policies encourage, I'm not for it.
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:07:03
That's pretty bad alright. You should have taken my original wager. To be clear here you didn't:
"No, it's the way I specified or nothing. Let me know."
"Tough one. If we use the average of all candidates, then even if..."
You can't come back *after* some outcome and say 'yes, I meant to take it', because if you lose then you can simply say you didn't. That's why I specifically asked.
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:41:45
Dude you may be jumping out of the frying pan into the fire. I'd work and save up some cash before driving off into the unknown. You're probably a lot more knowledgeable and resourceful with the location you're in. You'd be starting over at a disadvantage and without cash. You'd be putting a burden of reliance on your friend. Just for a protest of something less than 2% of New Yorkers even care about right now?
At least get some leads or job prospects at your destination first. OTOH maybe you were planning to relocate anyway and Bitcoin just accelerated things. Best of luck either way.
@_date: 2015-08-13 11:44:49


How many people do you know have lost their lives due to Cryptolocker? It's just data. Hard drive failure and information loss happens all the time.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:26:50
Yes, if your system is configured to answer on that IP. For example, this could be if you run a web server or gaming application. Remember, people share IP addresses with every site they visit unless they're using something like Tor or a VPN. What matters isn't so much exposing your IP, it's what your system is configured to do on your end.
The vulnerability of home computers to malware is the reason it's not recommended to use Bitcoin in high amounts on a commonly used PC, and opt instead for something like a hardware wallet.
@_date: 2015-08-13 02:37:02


Yes, I'm sure everyone should take your words over Marco Santori, who, again, is an **actual lawyer**.  That is, unless you're a lawyer too? I forgot to ask...
@_date: 2015-08-02 00:47:05
Man, I'm trying to tell you: The populism that is giving strength to both Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders (openly advocating socialism!) is Americans that are frustrated with the lower 90% getting dumped on while the wealthy do better usually for little or no work.
Fundamentally, we're on the same team.
There *is* a class war that's going on. People are looking for a change, a real one. I'm just trying to tell you socialism is a false answer. It doesn't work, not for the long term. It's a knee-jerk reaction people cling to. They think: Oh those people over there have all the wealth while everybody else is struggling! Let's take it! Let's spread it out! That seems to be a solution, but it's not, because in the economy there *are* people that really did struggle to earn whatever they have. They didn't benefit from an unfair system advantage. There are also many people that intentionally abuse the system on the other end, even lying to get government benefits (I used to know Armenians in Southern Cali that collected welfare and drove Hummers).
The whole system is screwed up. But to fix it people need to be realistic. Everybody needs to play a fair game and pull their own weight. If people are playing a fair game (true free market capitalism, no favors, rigged systems) then it's not right to punish successful people who work hard to earn wealth and take it and give to others. You'll *always* have more people willing to take and be lazy than work hard, be responsible and patient. Whatever name you give socialism it fundamentally doesn't distinguish between hard workers or lazy people. If you're poor, you qualify to get handouts. This leads to a drain on the productive people until they get fed up and stop working themselves, and or leave. The problem with socialism of any form is it doesn't work without *somebody* in the system working hard, it collapses (see Greece).
@_date: 2015-08-02 03:49:37


No I'm not. I think for myself. I know exactly what I'm talking about. I understand a great deal about politics, economics and money.


They would.


I did not. I said I'm aware the *trend* for illegal immigration has reversed. It hasn't ceased. It simply didn't keep growing at alarming rates. 
This was due to several factors. First, as you correctly note the U.S. lost much of its own economic luster. If it can't employ its own citizens, it's far less attractive to immigrants. Second, the economic opportunity in Mexico actually picked up. In many cases people were better able to find their way into home ownership in Mexico than in the U.S. Third, liberty and small government minded people like myself began pushing back hard against the trend, both politically and even physically (some volunteer "minute men" started guarding the border with guns). 
All these factors combined have had an effect, as you brought up. However, there is still a huge number of undocumented immigrants in the U.S. I also know for a fact young ladies have babies just for the financial support it yields. This isn't limited to illegal immigrants. My point focused on immigration to emphasize how rapidly socialist policies could start weighing down the entire country, although that would happen anyway over a longer period.
@_date: 2015-08-09 15:39:50
Exactly. I don't think they understand how GitHub works.
@_date: 2015-08-04 03:23:11


That's not what happened. First of all, the dollars were claim checks on physical gold. If you sign a piece of paper promising to give me one of your shoes, and I come back a while later with your signed contract to claim my physical item that's not at the "expense" of your shoe supply. According to the claim check I own the thing I'm picking up. Nixon closed the gold window (and defaulted on remaining dollar claims) because the U.S. was printing too many dollars and would have run out of the gold which was increasingly being demanded. By closing the gold window, which was supposed to be temporary by the way, the U.S. was then free to print as many dollars as it wanted and grow the size of government. Sure enough the dollar supply and size of government has absolutely exploded since 1971.
@_date: 2015-08-01 19:30:00


What is he doing specifically? Following them home and yelling at them? You're talking in generalizations. That's what's wrong with the country now. People don't understand how to fix the root of the problem. All the banks are part of the Federal Reserve system. If you don't address that issue then you're not addressing the root problem. After all, Obama, a Democrat, has been in office over 6 years and the wealth gap between rich and poor has gotten *wider*. This is with the passage of the Dodd-Frank bill which was supposed to better regulate the banks. Obama is not passionate enough? Sanders will be? No, to understand the real problem view this:  (Money vs Currency - Hidden Secrets Of Money Ep 1 - Mike Maloney)


Sounds familiar... Oh yeah! It's *exactly* what Obama has been repeating for years. 


Rand Paul isn't catering to religious voters. He's being a true conservative, which means he believes people should be able to keep their own money, keep their own freedom, and do with it what they want, instead of being forced by the government to do other things. That means cutting government funding, and spending, and letting people spend their own money however they want to. I don't understand how people are against that.
@_date: 2015-08-01 18:09:13
Look, what I'm saying is there will be 10 candidates. Every single candidate will be asked a question where they have *at least* 1 minute to respond. If all the candidates are asked at least 10 questions they have the opportunity for at least 10 minutes speaking time. Not all candidates use a full minute to reply, whereas sometimes some might go over. Additionally, if a candidate is mentioned/attacked by name moderators allow a 30 second chance for rebuttal. 
The debate is non-scripted. That means not all candidates will have exactly the same amount of speaking time. It's up to moderators to try to keep things balanced and fair to the best of their ability. People who are in the news like Donald Trump for controversial comments/topics are likely to be called out by name and be awarded 30 second rebuttals for each instance. Yes, the more popular candidates always have an advantage there. Everybody always guns for the top dog. I'm quite aware of that.
I'm just saying Rand Paul will have on average the same opportunity as anybody else to speak. If his name is mentioned he gets 30 second rebuttals too. He might end up with disproportionately more time than the lower 7 candidates. That's just how things go. It's *likely* Trump will get more speaking time. That's obvious. That's not what I'm disputing.
@_date: 2015-08-01 16:55:37
This doesn't prove anything. I'm not the owner of Fox News. I can't do anything about that debate. I'm not saying the media provides the optimum debate platform. I don't think anyone would. For example, according to the guidelines the top in polls will be front and center stage while others flank by order. That puts Donald Trump, who has realistically zero chance actually becoming president, in the center stage with the most focus. I think it's smarter to either make it random or give the person with lowest poll center stage, so people focus on content, not stage positioning, lighting and other presentation tricks.
That said they can't ignore Paul totally and not show him. He'll have about 10 minutes, the same as everyone else. If you want to bet on that let me know.
@_date: 2015-08-14 18:16:51


I've already answered this. It becomes harder to make changes the larger the community grows. Think beyond what you see today to appreciate this.
I'll put it this way. If Satoshi had implemented the XT code from day one what would have happened? Think about it for a second.
@_date: 2015-08-01 15:08:50
Rand Paul isn't struggling. He's already stronger in the race than his father Ron Paul was at the same stage. He's building off his father's momentum so it's sort of a continuation of Ron Paul's support movement. The people struggling are people like Rick Perry and Chris Christie. These mainstream politicians once viewed as *front runners* may not even make the prime-time cut!
@_date: 2015-08-09 20:34:09
As a rule of thumb, the higher value the transaction the more confirmations you should wait. 
Examples: 
75 cents = 0 confirmations is fine because if you lose it, no big deal. 
$10 - 100 = 1 confirmation is probably fine. The network has acknowledged the transaction. It would be hard to undo under normal circumstances, and if it happened it probably wasn't intentional; it will probably confirm. Making it intentional requires a lot of timing and work, and potentially far greater loss from forfeiting a block reward worth thousands.
$100-$500 = 2-3 confirmations is probably fine. See above. It's exponentially harder to intentionally undo the transaction, and also potentially forfeit many thousands in block rewards.
6 confirmations  = any amount should be OK under normal circumstances. It's very hard to have a 6+ conf transaction reversed.
More confirmations = always better. If you're shipping a bar of gold then just wait for 24 hours worth of confirmations (about 144).
Transaction handling is at merchant/recipient discretion. Many exchanges, for example, use 3+ confirmations.
@_date: 2015-08-13 02:10:53
I didn't ask about the creation of a federal department. I asked where FinCEN was given the authority to make something law. If you linked to the Department of Education and said the same thing you'd still be wrong.
Anyway, here is a link to a presentation given at the MIT Bitcoin Expo in 2014: 
It's by Marco Santori a well-respected personality in the Bitcoin space and **lawyer in New York** who counsels Bitcoin startups. Watch the first 5 minutes and you'll see Mr. Santori say the exact same thing I did, that FinCEN is operating on *interpretations* of law, not actual law, which can therefore be legally challenged. In the United States only Congress has the power to create laws at the federal level. Hopefully you've learned something today.


Now you're going against me and one the most well-respected lawyers in the Bitcoin space. You were saying something about crayons? 
@_date: 2015-08-02 01:50:10


Man, you just don't understand. The problem is the government *can't solve problems*. It simply can't. Whenever the government tries to change something it often backfires. An example is home ownership. Around 30 years ago the government tried to encourage people owning more homes, creating entities like Fannie Mae (gov guaranteed loans). Today fewer Americans own their own home than ever, as home prices are unaffordable for most (they can't even save up decent down payments). Politicians get elected by telling people what they want to hear, but once elected if they don't follow through then what? Obama promised change. He promised jobs. Yet we have record numbers of people not even participating in the labor force. Where is the change? The wealth and income gap has gotten wider between rich and poor? See what I mean? Talk is cheap, anybody can do it. Then people like you fall for it.
I'm not saying the system isn't broken. It is. Again, we're saying the exact same thing. It's just that I'm positive I know the way to fix it, and it isn't socialism, and I've explained exactly why. 


Politicians raise money. That's the nature of the game. What matters is what people do when in office. It matters what policies they pursue. Rand Paul is talking about the biggest tax cut in history, letting working people keep their own money instead of send it to the government. Who in their right mind thinks that's bad? The only thing better would be if people didn't have to pay *any* taxes on the money they worked their asses off for. It's their money.
@_date: 2015-08-13 03:01:56


HA HA! You're suggesting right now we're living in a United States of America that is clearly constitutional in all regards?!?
Yeah, you just lost all remaining credibility, not that I was giving you much. Take care.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:41:31


That's not how citizenship works. As a U.S. citizen I don't have to ask the government for permission to use a Finnish company (or wherever they're located) called LocalBitcoins.com. 
As a Finnish company LocalBitcoins is not under the jurisdiction of the United States Department of the Treasury, which is the department the agency FinCEN is a part of.
@_date: 2015-08-01 16:08:09
The thought of someone who advocates freedom makes you think of other options?
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:29:50


How about you sign over the house on a 3 conf transaction first. You people are asking for it.
Go ahead. Use zero conf transactions. Use brain wallets. You experts know they're secure.
@_date: 2015-08-01 16:58:30


I agree with you there.


Please provide an example.
@_date: 2015-08-14 23:22:25


Yes, I mean with full fledged regulations in place Bernie Madoff was only able to defraud people of about $65 billion. This doesn't even get into currency rigging which, as we speak, is headed for over [$2 billion in fines]( LIBOR manipulation or [other things banks do]( Don't get me started on items surrounding the financial crisis.
@_date: 2015-08-01 15:37:10
As long as he can be heard that's all that matters. Again, like Ron Paul, he'll be explaining the truth about America's problems and how to solve them. People will respond to that.
@_date: 2015-07-02 22:57:27


A lot of telecom traffic is already sent over the internet. On thing Greg Maxwell [recently mentioned]( (and Andreas Antonopoulos has said too) is we should have paid the price to make encryption the default for internet traffic from the start, because now it's difficult to retroactively fix things. There are companies now lobbying against encryption doing deep packet inspection for advertising purposes. Of course the government takes what it wants too.
That's one of the things he's working on at Blockstream, building better transaction privacy into Bitcoin from the start.
@_date: 2015-07-25 19:29:01
Yeah, true, I just mean people like to see knockouts and action in boxing, not glorified sparring like the recent Mayweather/Pacquiao fight. Tyson delivered.
I think at one point there was a cash reward for anyone to stand  in the ring with him for 60 seconds. I don't think there were any non-professional takers.
@_date: 2015-08-14 16:37:49


Your analysis is incomplete. For one it's a fact that, historically, many Bitcoin holders delay spending coins when the price is falling/down, and the reverse is true. BitPay has noted this. So you'd need to check whether the stress tests were done at a time of normally low activity/low pricing etc.  
I did notice some fairly heated and frustrated posts on Bitcointalk. Another thing to consider is Bitcoin isn't currently relied upon for daily transactions. It's rare that people, like Andreas Aantonopoulos, try to exclusively live off Bitcoin. You should really ask someone like that how they were affected. For most people Bitcoin is secondary, or used for special case, infrequent tx types anyway, so delays are not a big deal. However, Bitcoin isn't supposed to be destined to stay that way.
So, is it "urgent" under conditions today? Probably not for around 25-75% of bitcoin users, but that doesn't mean it's not urgent because disgruntled/lost users may stay with an alternative that works better for them.
@_date: 2015-07-13 21:15:51
"Our goal is to deliver fresh produce the way farmers grow it, **as opposed to the food-like substances** delivered through this nation's agribusiness supply chains."
@_date: 2015-08-02 01:22:22
I said *not everybody* got rich from an unfair system. There are entrepreneurs that worked their butt off to become millionaires or higher, Mark Cuban is one (you should read his biography). Many people started off poor, sometimes working 70 plus hour weeks. I'm not ignoring facts. I'm saying the exact same thing as you. The system got extra corrupt after 1971, when America went off the gold standard, but the rigged system started in 1913 with the creation of the Federal Reserve.


What's wrong with politicians raising money?
@_date: 2015-07-05 17:52:49


Well, now here I disagree. Did you read the article? A primary example given is a paper company that makes tissue, paper towels, etc. to stock grocery stores. They say their supplier of raw pulp won't ship because their credit is frozen, so they will have to start laying off workers. They are therefore starting their own private coupon currency to try to trade with the supplier, and circulate among workers.
This is a great example of what I mean. All the *stuff* society still uses is still there, the trees, the water, the livestock, the buildings etc.
If you're a barber in Greece that charges some amount for the awesome haircuts you provide and I'm more than willing to pay you to cut my overgrown hair, then how does a lack of currency make our economic transaction impossible? You still have your shears and skills, and I still have my overgrown hair. See what I mean?
@_date: 2015-08-14 18:04:53


No, actually if you start with 8MB in year 1, you reach 4.5GB in year 20.
Do I think 4.5GB will be necessary in year 20? I think it's more likely than not. Do I think we'll be able to handle that size 20 years from now? I think it's more likely than not. History is filled with examples of people greatly underestimating the computing and technological capacity we gain after time.
However, if people are fearful of 4GB then I say cap the increases before then. Cap it at 1GB, for example. Perhaps by then other technologies, like Lightning, will add to the scale Bitcoin has on the primary network. But even Lightning needs greater than 1MB blocks.
**EDIT:** my math above is based on 40% increases per year which is wrong (old model); XT is doubling every 2 years, which is 8GB in 20 years.
@_date: 2015-08-09 12:17:52


That's not radical. Individual user empowerment and voting (via full nodes) is the default Bitcoin governance model. That's in fact what resistance to block size increase is over. I think Mike Hearn is right. There should be a benevolent dictator so things get done. People can always fork. Ideally, I think fundamental, highly controversial decisions are gotten out of the way early, like coin limit, block time, and block size. The lead decision maker then rules on less important issues.
@_date: 2015-08-13 11:35:17
It's not the same. Giving in to malware demands is more like a matter of convenience. Cryptolocker isn't too much worse than a prank. This is talking potentially about murder. Not paying is a matter of principle, but also strategy. A criminal is going to weigh risk vs reward. They want to get paid, but not caught. If no payment is forthcoming they have to actually carry out their threat to try to pressure payment, meanwhile they sink deeper into trouble while increasing the risk they are caught. It's a stupid gamble. If they receive nothing but go through with the crime, and somebody dies, then they're running for the rest of their life, and it only takes one slip up.
As for property damage etc. there is insurance. Also, people will start taking protective measures. Add cameras, ask for public awareness and vigilance etc. There are easier ways to make money.
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:49:57


I have a feeling people like you, me and others here have a lot in common. That's why I'm taking time to try to debate and explain things as well as I can. We're so much alike, yet completely opposite on what a prosperous, happy society looks like.


Actually the majority doesn't rule, not in America. America was intentionally set up as a **republic** not a pure democracy. A total democracy is mob rule. However, the majority is often wrong. A majority once thought the world was flat. A majority once believed human slavery was okay. In a republic political laws are expressed through elected representatives; these representatives don't always go by what the majority wants, they use their own best judgement.


True, but treatment differs. A lot of accidents are severe enough that people die at the scene. Ultimately it's up to each individual to protect their own life. Darwin's evolution says only the strong (and smart) survive. Others die out. That's a natural process, even if it's sad.
In cases where a person is really banged up, but not dead they may be rushed to some emergency hospital, but they will only be given whatever basic treatment is available, which may be just above triage on some battle field. The highest paid, best neurosurgeons in the world won't be working the ER at the county hospital, for example, unless they are charitably *volunteering*. Depending on what a person's injuries are they may live or die according to what health expertise and resources are available to them.
So basically non-socialized healthcare acts as a buffer. You're more likely to die with only basic, bottom line publicly available health services when you yourself are not responsible enough to take care of your own physical and financial health. That reality tends to give people, that prefer to live, incentive to be responsible. OTOH, if you'll get high quality treatment regardless to your life choices, this encourages irresponsibility, while society foots the bill. 
Auto insurance is different. When you hit somebody you involve somebody else, you affect their life regardless of their choices. So, somebody that walks near a mountain cliff like a daredevil and ends up dying only affects their life. A law can't require the person not walk near the cliff. It's their life, their choice. Affecting somebody else is different, though.


Yes!!! Earlier American history. There is a reason America was given the Statue of Liberty. America used to actually be a free country. I mean really free, as in economically free too. There used to be no income tax. Americans were free to earn money *and keep all of it*. Early America was the envy of the world, with the largest and most prosperous middle class. Many people risked *everything* to come to America. European immigrants came to America with nothing but the shirts on their backs, and they came because of the opportunity that existed. There were no social safety nets. No big government. No social security, no medicare etc. But also very few laws and regulations. It was very easy to start a business or learn a trade and earn a good living. There was nothing standing in people's way to follow their dreams whatever they were. That's what motivates people. You don't have to make laws to FORCE people into that kind of society. People JUMP at the chance. 
Things started going downhill after the creation of the Federal Reserve in 1913, and Americans started losing monetary purchasing power and free markets, but things really started getting bad after 1971 when America completely left the gold standard and the size of government quickly grew. There was a tv show in the late 60's early 70's called The Brady Bunch. In it the father, Mike Brady, by himself supported a stay-at-home wife, 6 kids, lived in a two story suburban house and had a maid! This was portraying a *typical* American household! Today even two parents working can hardly make ends meet. What changed? Americans lost a lot of their economic freedom, while the size of government and social programs has exploded. Now America's middle class is far less prosperous and rapidly vanishing. The bigger the government the smaller the individual.
@_date: 2015-07-05 19:27:30


True, true. That's a fair point. For example, I do think we have a democratic illusion *right now* in the US, and a [study from Princeton]( seems to confirm it. This is why I feel smaller, limited government is always preferable.


Here again, though, I ask if that's really inevitable. The world didn't always have money and modern economies, yet people survived. How? As I said, the resources are still there. People can hunt, fish, and cultivate land as they always have.


Now don't get me wrong. I'm not for bailouts. I think people should pull their own weight. The Greeks have plenty of able bodied citizens, and I'm sure arable land. If people stop believing the world owes them something and start being responsible for their own situation then things would get better on their own, because, again, the world itself hasn't changed. It's just people need to be educated, especially, ideally, about how monetary systems and sound money work.


Well, I do think there has to be some law and order. Nobody (outside of places like N. Korea) is forced to have someone else's will forced upon them. They can live completely free of anyone, though they might have to move to Antarctica ;) Seriously, though, again, that's why I say very limited government is preferable.


Capitalism does require recognition of property rights, though, and those rights have to be enforced somehow. As I said there has to be some law and order.
@_date: 2015-07-06 01:28:30


Listen, you can't have a dumb and free population. Think about it. It doesn't work. 
I didn't say anything about mandatory schooling. I don't have a problem with homeschooling. If parents want to keep their kids home, fine, but I don't think public schools will disappear altogether in any population of size. Joe six-pack just isn't the ideal algebra teacher. If there are going to be public schools I think it's worth the trade-off to have a single course requirement at a certain grade level. It's a narrow focus that I don't think ends the world. Jefferson I believe it was wrote about his concern for an educated populace. But then again, it's just an idea I had. Like you say, the words on the paper alone didn't do the trick.
On the other hand if you're so rigid in idealism you want everyone to leave you alone, again, I have no problem with that. Like I say, you can be a hermit somewhere on a hill. You can move somewhere remote. I assure you nobody will come after you. But if you want to participate more meaningfully, and economically in a larger society then it's probably going to be something more than absolute anarchy. As I said earlier I have never seen otherwise.
@_date: 2015-07-23 22:46:02


Yeah, I wouldn't expect it due to the expense of existing mining rigs, but think of what the market is saying. While I've seen alt-coins clone Litecoin (Scrypt) - Dogecoin, Feathercoin etc - I haven't seen SHA256 clones. Coins seem to use either Scrypt or something else like X11 introduced by Dash. All a hashing algorithm needs is to be secure and work of course, but it doesn't seem the crypto market is beholden to SHA256. Anyway, like I say my approach would be to change something non-controversial in transaction construction to achieve the desired effect.
Edit: actually changing hashing algo alone still wouldn't be enough unless the address construction was also changed. So, again, it comes down to modifying the transaction construction to deviate.
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:15:26


That's actually why I disagree with this. I'm of the opinion the sooner we reach consensus on a workable block size hard fork the better. A band-aid only eases pressure on reaching some conclusion. At first glance a band-aid might seem desirable, but I feel it's easier to reach consensus the smaller the community is, not the larger. It's already pretty tough at the size it is now.
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:05:08


Yes, we've ventured off strictly economics more into governance.  I agree in theory with your position, but I'm not so convinced in practice, not with a large enough body of people anyway. 
Anarchy or a libertarian ideal is most likely to work the fewer the number of people, I believe. Taking that to the extreme would be one person, which of course fits. That's absolute freedom and non-coercion. Adding a second person, given a large enough space (humans tend to be territorial), can still work. This might scale up to as many as a few hundred people, again, given a large enough space, because interactions in most regards could be avoided, if desirable. Upon reaching a certain capacity, though, I personally think things become more complex, where more robust governance frameworks are required to keep things orderly. I guess what I'm trying to say is I haven't ever seen a model such as you're describing work at very large scale.
@_date: 2015-07-12 18:54:47
I understand the idea behind it, it's just that the coins can be revoked anytime, basically like they were never sent... until a user moves them to their own public key, so why "send" them? Also, if the file is lost the packet needs to be re-sent anyway. Just seems like added complexity. People already find dealing with files cumbersome; this suggests people use/transfer digital files... which hold digital info. I know my critique sounds harsh but you did ask for opinions.
@_date: 2015-08-09 11:28:24
He said he wants to encourage a culture of tipping. So what happens when Sally says something where Bob wants to tip her 5 cents? 
Sally's going to pull out her smartphone, load up a QR code, then Bob is going to leave his seat, go over to her and scan the QR code. Then Bob is going to send the 5 cents, after first calculating how much 5 cents is in BTC. By the way, what wallet do they use? Blockchain.info, which has had problems lately? What about security etc.? Do you explain about SPV wallets, confirmations and such? Bitcoin requires lots of explanation to use easily and properly. 
@_date: 2015-07-03 13:56:53


Provide some of these mainstream 10 year old links about the NSA spying on Americans please.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:59:55
Money is about options. The better financial shape you're in, the more options you have available. 
Truthfully, I think the very best shape to be in, during financial collapse somewhere, is to have some cryptocurrency (Bitcoin, Litecoin etc which is movable/convertible once internet is available), some physical cash (this actually gets scarce for a while), and some physical gold/silver. 
 
If you have these you'll be light years ahead of 99% of everyone else. It would be hard not to be able to trade for things you want of value. Of course, not everyone can afford such diversification, so, prioritizing I'd say precious metals and cryptocurrency first. Those would be about equal in my estimation during a financial collapse, with a slight edge to precious metals in the beginning, with cryptocurrency gaining as things got better.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:37:00
That's a very good article. I'm not only saying that from being biased in favor of size increase. It's very convincing. I'd love to see a rebuttal.
@_date: 2015-07-03 01:33:15


Really? You would call 2013 a really long time? 
Here is the current Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, committing a felony by [lying to Congress]( under oath about NSA spying you say was reported:
@_date: 2015-08-12 15:15:10
Welcome to Bitcoin! There is a LOT to learn so I understand your confusion. It's unlikely you'll learn everything in one sitting. The best way to learn is by usage. Without further ado...
**Step 1:** Get a wallet. A wallet generally allows you to store, but also send/receive coins. Go to [Block.io]( All you need is an email address &amp; password. Done. There are security and other considerations but for now you just want to get started. Use smallish amounts.
**Step 2:** If you want to store coins in separate places you need to learn more about proper storage. See [here](
**Step 3:** Get Bitcoin. It's possible to use and acquire Bitcoin entirely without fees. It's even possible to make gains with Bitcoin, but this takes expertise and timing etc. Most people will pay fees to both send and acquire bitcoin because that's most expedient. An example of receiving Bitcoin with zero fees is working or selling something for bitcoin, since all you need is a free wallet. The network will also process transactions with no fees, but this isn't guaranteed and it can take a long time. A transaction fee is like a tip for better service.
**Step 4:** Verify bitcoin. The wallet you use will verify you have received genuine bitcoins, but choose your wallet carefully.
**Step 5:** Use Bitcoin privately. It's possible to use Bitcoin privately, with very high anonymity. However, this takes understanding and diligence to do properly. For many users, simply using a wallet that requires no identification is enough for fair privacy.
@_date: 2015-07-21 12:54:59
I think the OP's point is more that one would be more surprised to find a major security flaw with Linux based systems, even though they are built without the expansive amount of funding and attention of Microsoft. In other words, what's Microsoft's excuse?
@_date: 2015-07-03 14:40:49


I still disagree. A discussion in the mainstream media isn't one newspaper *article* about an undeniable whistle-blowing event. 
A discussion is cable and news shows which people pay attention to mulling over the subject. Not a sound bite, not a one time mention, not an obscure link, a discussion. I don't think discussion, such as we're having now, would have happened much or at all without Snowden. Especially with official denial as from Clapper.
@_date: 2015-07-25 20:48:49
Tyson may be guilty as sin, but we don't know what exactly happened there. The woman was called at 1:30 in the morning and ended up in Tyson's hotel room. Was she expecting to play cards? 
Society often gives women the benefit of the doubt. Did you hear about the University of Virginia freshman who gave a detailed account of [being gang raped in a UVA frat house]( Rolling Stone  published a 9,000 word article on the horrific story and how the school mishandled the incident, but as time went on the story began to unravel and eventually Rolling Stone retracted the story [and apologized]( (police were unable to find evidence corroborating the girl's story), but that was little consolation for the innocent men in that frat house. 
@_date: 2015-08-13 01:30:17
I don't have time to reply to all of your comments but I'm interested in this one:


Please show where.


Ad hominem attacks will get you nowhere, but I daresay I'm sharper than you.
@_date: 2015-07-03 14:29:22
I said provide some links plural, not one. 
I already know about the illegal warrantless wiretapping of phone calls going outside the country. That happened before the Snowden revelations due to another whistleblower.
We're not talking about a specific tactic to thwart terrorism, although illegal. We're talking about collecting bulk data, not just certain phone calls, but American internet activity in general which is exactly what the NSA was collecting.
I believe the [Folsom street whistle-blower]( incident is what helped motivate Snowden to provide evidence of the full extent of NSA spying.
In fact, here is a TIMELINE of exactly what we are discussing starting in 1952 with the creation of the NSA by Truman:
We can see on that timeline from the very start there was protection from the NSA, balancing privacy and liberty with the Supreme Court ruling warrants were required for domestic surveillance. Again, the OP's point is not about the existence of the NSA or *suspicion* about it spying on Americans. It's how people *viewed* such claims. The government always covered up how much it was doing and since the majority of the public never pays attention anyway, for the most part it could easily get away with it. You're saying all this stuff was concretely known and discussed in the mainstream public for a "really long time". The OP and I are saying that's not true.
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:47:27


No, it's not. You're confusing roles with help. Above everybody plays a role, yes, but that's not the same as help. The customer plays a role - without customers there is no business - but the customer is getting *something in return*. There is a trade which the customer and the business *both* want. That's the key. There is nobody doing anybody any favors there.
Contrast that with some lazy person who dropped out of school early and started having kids at a young age and sits up in some government funded apartment eating government funded food and having more kids to increase the amount of government funding for food, clothing, entertainment and healthcare. Where does all that funding come from? The sky? It comes from somewhere, and the people giving it over, the *productive* hard-working people in society are *not* getting something they want in return. That's the difference, but that's *forced* sharing; that's socialism; that's spending other people's money.
@_date: 2015-07-16 20:40:13


Yes, but these things can be provided relatively cheaply (and by the way there have been instances of 911 police calls not responding consistently). Healthcare is like a line in the sand, because that cost *is* noticeable.


No you haven't. You've referenced a country in larger debt to GDP trouble than the U.S., which is saying something. You haven't shown me the healthcare costs are levied directly from taxes, as I've requested, yet.


Newsflash: no matter what time period you're in the people living at that time are experiencing the most "modern" things.
Using only countries today makes little sense as most of the world is participating in a crazy debt based fiat paper money system that won't last. Saying one can only reference the present is a cop out.
Anyway, if you haven't got what I'm saying by now you likely never will, and I've got far more productive things to do. As I said to someone else I debated on a political topic, we can each seek to live in the society we think has it right. I wish you luck, but you can bet your ass I myself won't be in a socialist one. Take care.
@_date: 2015-07-25 14:59:35
I was just having a conversation on this with someone else in this thread. That could be mitigated. All you need to do is change the transaction construction on XT at the protocol level so they're not recognized on the other chain.
@_date: 2015-08-15 16:56:42
To be clear I'm not talking about account to account transfers. Yes, I think those can be reversed. I'm talking about somebody handing a bank teller cash for deposit into someone's account. That can't be reversed (it wouldn't make any sense).
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:22:01


I don't have time to respond to everyone here, but I do want to address socialism, because America is sliding dangerously close to it. Socialism and capitalism don't mix. Capitalism requires incentive to amass wealth, ie, if you work hard to gain it, it won't be taken away and given to those that didn't. This is often called a redistribution of wealth. The idea of socialism is community ownership and sharing, but if I build a business through blood sweat and tears which becomes hugely successful, what do I need to share? Not a thing. Nobody helped me build it (it's why Obama's "you didn't build that" comment drew ire). They only show up for the successful part. That's what's wrong with socialism, and it usually goes hand in hand with higher taxes and big government (which promises the have nots benefits and free welfare on the back of higher taxes, or more insidiously via inflation and debt).
To be clear, it's not the concept of sharing that's bad. It's the concept of *forced* sharing. We should be humanitarian and look out for one another, when we are ourselves compelled to do so, but that's not socialism. That's altruism and charity. Self choice and opting in makes all the difference.
EDIT: for anyone that downvotes me why not speak up? Debate me. Don't hit a button and leave. That's easy.
@_date: 2015-07-29 04:11:25


Ahh... And what's the best way to prevent terrorism? Add more security and monitoring?
@_date: 2015-07-23 06:16:38
I hadn't thought about that. Good point.
@_date: 2015-07-02 00:44:37


Let me rephrase that. My responses are not about ridicule. They are about accuracy. I didn't ridicule anybody.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:31:28


That's like saying a train that stops to add a freight car before proceeding becomes a new train.
Anyway this is factually incorrect (both parts):
"There is a countless number of blocks on the blockchain at any one time -- as soon as one block gets completed, another is automatically generated."
@_date: 2015-07-26 07:53:58


I'm pretty sure they work or used to work for BitPay. That pic was posted on Bitcointalk years ago by Tony Gallipi I believe (his car).
@_date: 2015-07-26 18:19:25


In addition to the UTXO set a node needs enough block history to remain current in case of a large reorganization. Deep block reorgs are not generally expected, but it's good to have some cushion. I think the largest reorg we've had was the 2013 accidental fork, which was something like 10-20 blocks or so. Gavin mentioned it, but I forget the exact number.
@_date: 2015-07-21 09:24:08


The thing though is OpenSSL, like Linux, is open source and often maintained by underpaid developers. With heartbleed a handful of volunteers worked on OpenSSL, only [one of which full time]( 
In comparison Windows is closed source and Microsoft is now worth around $290 billion.
Think about how much security and expertise is now going into our very own Bitcoin. The *entire market cap* of Bitcoin is under $5 billion.
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:55:14
For people that don't understand what the heck is going on Peter Schiff gives a great explanation: 
I feel bad for the Greek people. I don't think they're lazy, something Andreas Aantonopoulos [recently pointed out]( I just think they don't understand economics, monetary policy and government. They voted into power a socialist government, but socialism is fundamentally about spending *other* people's money. 
If you want true economic prosperity, you must have real capitalism, and that means people need the opportunity to create and keep their own wealth. It's the reason America was once an economic powerhouse, having a rich middle class that was the envy of the world, not the situation we have today where the middle class has been decimated, where two adults working still struggle to keep up (because we transitioned into *crony* capitalism, and away from sound money).
The Greeks have an opportunity to set their future course up for great prosperity, but they need to embrace freedom, economic freedom, and bury the notion of free-rides, welfare and big government. They need to do this on the back of sound money. This means a 100% gold standard. My advice is repudiate the debt, return to the drachma, and back it by gold. They could alternatively use a cryptocurrency to achieve the same effect; they would be light years ahead of anyone else and attract unprecedented interest and potential investment, especially if they create tax free business opportunity.
They will experience short term pain, but it will be over quickly, and is better than the long slow unending pain they now suffer.
@_date: 2015-07-02 07:52:41


You can't. Bitcoin is an experiment. However, there are many VERY smart people working on making it a success. The chance that Bitcoin loses all value is small I believe, and so do many others.
Money is about choices. Most people never question money, but they should. History is filled with various forms of money losing value. Of course the one form of money that has the best record, for thousands of years, is gold. Gold has never lost all value. So if you want to be sure you never lose all value, be sure to have gold.
Unfortunately, it can be difficult to obtain, secure, and transfer physical gold. This is where Bitcoin often provides more help. That's why I think the best strategy is trying to obtain both Bitcoin and physical gold. Good luck.
@_date: 2015-07-25 16:29:53
There are already different things under consideration for Bitcoin, things like fixes for malleability and relative check-lock-time-verify. You're right that a lot of this is still undergoing consideration and testing before being implemented, but there could be something changed not for functionality, but for the deviation property, something easy like a certain OP code. 
A lot of OP codes were originally turned off in Bitcoin for security and complexity reasons. Not all of them may have been a security problem, but it was done for assured safety and expedience. Isolating, scrutinizing and applying a certain OP code might be easily manageable, however. I'm not yet as familiar with all the intricacies of transaction construction as I should be, but I'm pretty sure something safe could be found if that was the goal.
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:30:56
One last thing, just so we've got the record straight: America wasn't set up as a socialist country. It was set up under the capitalist model I describe, no welfare, no socialism, and it enjoyed a rich middle class with no income taxes that was the envy of the world in its early history. 
I just want to get the record straight, since you're talking about theory and practice and all.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:22:55
I don't follow you. What do you expect?
@_date: 2015-07-30 15:33:45
I'm saying arguing is futile. We've debated this for 3+ years. The arguments have been laid as thoroughly as they can be. No further closing of the gap is forthcoming. This should be obvious.
The smart thing seems to be to cease arguing and switch back to productive things. Agree to disagree. Everyone in cryptocurrency still shares basically the same ideas on how cryptocurrency can benefit the world; they just have different ideas on how to get there, so why waste energy and breed animosity? 
I say the smarter thing is figuring out how to resolve the block size by letting the free market handle it. Anyone so rigid in thinking as to believe there could only be one club protocol version Satoshi started which must, on its own, achieve world domination or fail with no other possibility is being unrealistic and unimaginative IMO. As I said, there needs to be a minimum of two blockchain approaches to give the market opportunity to embrace its choice(s). My preferred way to do this is build the 8MB + 40% increases into some existing altcoin and let the market embrace that or not. History has shown coins can rise from obscurity to prominence (e.g. Dash) as others fail. The market works.
A second way to do this is make an intentional altcoin called Bitcoin-XT or similar starting from zero blocks. Announce it fairly with no pre-mining and again let the market decide.
The present course is creating a hard fork of the Bitcoin blockchain, making all present stakeholders in Bitcoin automatic stakeholders in Bitcoin-XT. Coins (like Clams) have bootstrapped from existing blockchain membership. This works too, as the market can again decide. This is my least favorite way to go. It requires a lot more technical consideration to safely split the key holders, but is doable.
I'm just saying it's time to do something besides argue.
@_date: 2015-07-12 17:58:13
Seems superfluous. If they're new they still can't redeem coins without learning about and creating a public key/wallet. Now they have to do that plus deal with managing/converting the packet file.
If somebody's email is known then a public key could simply be requested by email. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 00:20:49


First, are you saying you're looking for free stuff? Second, if so... do you really believe there is no cost?
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:23:42
Again I completely agree with everything you're saying! Well, except maybe that last part about democracy being an illusion. I think if you'd said socialism is an illusion I'd be more inclined to agree. Democracy can work if it's structured correctly, e.g. a democratic republic such as the U.S. is intended to be.
I do agree the Greek economy wasn't really producing enough to cover all its consumption. Completely agree there. I also believe daily life in Greece will look very different six months from now than it did last month, if Greece exits and returns to the drachma.
I guess what I'm trying to say is if one's perception of what it means to be poor and without options is adjusted they can escape being poor. This doesn't mean they can go out and buy a mansion, but it doesn't mean they must dumpster-dive and feel destitute for months or years until the next government/economic cycle kicks in, which is what usually happens, as in Argentina for example (I have a friend from there, and have read online first-hand accounts). This is because a person can create *their own value*. They can cut hair, clean somebody's house, cook a meal, babysit, etc. The cool thing is that if *everyone* is in the same situation then nobody is very much richer than anyone else, meaning on average everyone can afford the basic necessities, a  place to live and food to eat. I'm just saying this is always available because no natural disaster has struck, yet what people envision and actuallly live out looks more like this: 
@_date: 2015-07-23 21:31:26
Damn you! LOL :)
Yeah, you're right. There just needs to be some cancelling out action which makes your outputs unrecognized on the other chain. All this takes is taint as you say from any of the transactions which are valid on one chain but not the other. 
But that's a lot of work. I think the better way to go is making some protocol change which better separates the chains. I posted something similar elsewhere in this thread. For example, at the point of the split the XT chain could begin using the Scrypt hashing algo instead of SHA256. That takes care of the items you've raised plus some others (like new block version mining attacks, whether intended or not). That would be controversial, though, so it would probably be better handled by reconstructing transaction types as I said.
@_date: 2015-07-04 22:43:25
Thanks! :D
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:05:15


I thought that was cute, but the "A" students would have provided an example. As it stands their statement isn't much more than a suggestion or opinion, where one could say anything, like "the moon is slightly made of cheese."
A more concrete example would be Congress has abdicated its control over the currency (to the Fed), so the people's representatives are not answerable to monetary dissatisfaction.  Another example is paper U.S. dollars can't possibly be legal tender and constitutional at the same time, because the Constitution mandates only gold and silver coins be legal tender.
@_date: 2015-07-05 07:35:01
Here is a chart: 
Note that's showing percentage of total employment. People receiving a government check of any form might be higher when including those on welfare or with pensions etc. 
@_date: 2015-07-23 16:05:59
It's true there is a dual spending opportunity which happens with such a fork, but as I said the two coins split their market value too so things even out. 
For example, say the community is exactly split 50/50 between the two coins, half support each, and the price is $300. Upon forking the market value of each coin would likely go to $150. They would only be worth half as much, having half the transaction usefulness. Instead of 21 million coins there would be essentially 42 million, instantly double the inflation.
This balances because each coin could be spent on either chain - but only once, if recipients used properly validating full nodes. I don't see that as a problem.
@_date: 2015-07-05 16:37:20
I completely agree!
When I say nothing has really changed I'm not talking specifically about the Greek situation, but the overall situation during any financial collapse. What I mean is during severe depressions, which can last several years, people tend to feel they have zero options, that because the money has lost its value there is nothing they can do. They resort to digging in dumpsters, etc. The truth is it's people that create the value in the first place! Someone cutting hair or cooking a meal are examples. 
Yes, in a sense they were stolen from, but when someone steals from you your life isn't over if you can quickly rebuild. That's what I mean. The economy only grinds to a halt because of the disorganization, the lack of a way to easily trade value.
@_date: 2015-07-10 15:01:45
I think the last figure I heard Gavin say was around 20%. That's if I'm remembering correctly, and even Gavin said he had not checked recently. That was in one of his talks, but I can't remember which one, maybe one from MIT:
@_date: 2015-07-16 19:26:24


Oh really? Well I guess the people that provide definitions for Google are as well. Here is what they say:
Socialism: *noun* a political and economic theory of social organization that advocates that the means of production, distribution, and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole. *synonyms* leftism, **welfarism**
Yes. Google and I are the ignorant ones. Should I even bother reading what else you have to say?


I didn't say it didn't. There is no single ideal model because humans are not perfect, and unfortunately, as I pointed out, people tilt heavily toward low quality or average far more than hard working and exceptional percentage wise. That's why any given society needs to have real soul searching about what kind of setup they want to live under, and capitalism for all of its shortcomings - due more to the people participating in it than the model itself - is, logically speaking, and now proven to be (in early capitalist America), the better route.  
The problem is as things go downhill in a society like America, because of moving *away* from capitalism, free markets, and sound money, people start bringing up socialism again. IT DOESN'T WORK. It's like communism, which comes from the word commun (or "common"). No matter how you spin it, no matter how you apply it, shared ownership among a community is not ideal because of SLACKERS. You lose quality and efficiency. Again, it's really simple: Remove the productive hard working people from a society, then implement your social hospitals and see what you get. How in the world do you expect that to come out well?


The Wikipedia article says 94% of funding comes from provincial level, but doesn't say the revenue source is taxes. It could be reallocated federal funding or local bonds for all I know. 
Show me a country, any country, that has a balanced budget (a real one not one based on deceptive accounting tricks) and zero or little long term debt, decent middle class AND a well run socialized health care system. I challenge you to do it. If you can't maybe we should hand you a megaphone to educate the world that none of the geniuses thus far have figured this out, and we really need to get cracking; as somehow, miraculously, we've missed it.
@_date: 2015-07-22 22:49:04


It's already settled. There will likely be two Bitcoin versions, one with a conservative 1MB limit and another with 8MB and 40% annual increases. The market will support its choice(s). Note things can go on like this for a long time if users, exchanges etc. denote the difference (I'd refer to them, for instance, as Classic and Extended). I don't see a big problem.
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:04:59


There is so much wrong with this statement. I'm going to go out on a limb and say you've never been an entrepreneur. You couldn't possibly have been because then you'd know how inaccurate the above is, which, in my mind makes sense for anybody in favor of socialism. They imagine some world that simply doesn't match reality, one which justifies their forced sharing view.
First of all there are different kinds of businesses, large and small and of all varieties. Very many, yes, were in fact built from the ground up by an individual sole-proprietor, no help from anyone else. Examples might be a hardware store or cafe or restaurant, or a barber shop, car or other repair business, or Internet company. I've met real world entrepreneurs that fit this, so I know it's a fact. 


How can you possibly know that's true? Let me tell you about friends. Friends work well for partying and having fun, but less so when it comes down to being serious and issues of money. If you don't believe me try taking a $500 loan (or gift) from your list of "friends" and see what percentage give it to you. 


Wow. Where do I start with this? The role of an employee isn't to believe in your idea. His role is to perform the job you are *paying* him to, and he's more than happy with that deal - obviously or he would quit. Being an employee is easy. Figuring out how to create a business that legally makes money in spite of regulation, taxes and competition is hard. Having dedicated employees willing to go beyond their basic pay/work agreement is different; that usually involves some level of company ownership or profit opportunity and/or special management. But that's still up to the work style and business set up of the owner. Also, many businesses have no employees. Some work purely on outsourcing.


Not all businesses take on loans. Many start with the hard earned savings of the owner. For ones that do take on capital, any risk is part of the deal. Nobody is handing over money without expecting something in return. Like I say, go ask any bank, any angel investor, any VC to simply "believe in you  and your idea" and hand over money. See how far you get. Nobody is going to give you money out of charity. They will only hand it over if they feel they can get much more back in return via the business becoming very successful. Also raising money is a job in itself. Again I'm *positive* you haven't tried this before yourself or you'd already know.
No, customers don't help you build your business. Customers don't answer the phone when a tax auditor calls, or the health inspector comes by, or your $5K machine breaks. Customers measure how well you've built your business, because if they don't feel they're getting what they want in exchange for their money they won't be there. Customers can complain, though, and make you work harder. They're not giving you their money for free; they expect goods and services at a certain level, as that's the whole point.
I can't even get to the rest of your comment. If you don't understand the above nothing else matters.
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:05:09


I wish people would get positions right before making judgments. 
Rand Paul does not want to increase military spending. He wants to reduce the size of government. Rand Paul believes in setting (federal) government up with its proper role, which is not providing welfare, but legitimately is defending the country. Why not listen to words from his own mouth:
Interviewer: What about things like defense? You're talking about cutting defense spending?
Senator Paul: No I'm actually talking about that the number one priority for spending would be national defense, so when I look at priorities and I say how will we spend money, the first priority for me and for the country is to defend the country, **but I'm saying you shouldn't borrow more money to add to defense**. So we spend about 500 billion dollars on defense, depending how you count it, sometimes it's 600 billion, but the thing is that's a lot of money that we spend on defense.
Note: The federal government currently pays for everything by borrowing money. 
@_date: 2015-07-31 23:01:48
The first Republican debate next Thursday, August 6th  in Cleveland is shaping up to be a Super Bowl type event. 
The field, the largest in history, now at 17 compelled Fox News to add capacity making two sessions. The first will be at 5pm and second at a prime-time 9pm slot where only the top 10 candidates by national polling average will be on stage. Rand Paul is polling solidly in the middle of the top 10 for the prime-time slot and should be on stage. Let's see if Bitcoin is mentioned! 
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:58:48


Well, I don't think so, and the founding fathers of America set things up in a certain way, but I guess you're saying they and all the states were confused too. I don't know what to say to that, except, what I've said a few times: feel free to try things your way somewhere. I wish you luck. If I'm wrong, I'll come on over.
@_date: 2015-07-02 00:38:09
It's not about ridicule. It's about accuracy. He's writing a publication with exposure to many thousands I imagine. Should we allow anybody to write anything they want, whether accurate or not because we don't want to "split hairs" and nothing really matters?
@_date: 2015-07-09 02:55:20


I first thought the same thing, that people thought it would be a hassle to deal with the silver bar, find somebody who wanted it for other value, but the video pans to show they're right in front of a coin shop!!! That makes it the equivalent of holding $150 cash or a chocolate bar.
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:30:44


It comes down to this. I have a ton to say about your reply, but I imagine it will be as ineffective in getting my point across as the rest (my drug argument wasn't the only real one, you just didn't internalize the others). Nothing so much matters as this.
What are you prepared to do about it? Say there are 5 million people like me occupying some land mass. Say fate has you fall in love with and marry a maiden from our country and you move there. Now you're a part of our society. You have as much right to participate, become elected to write law, etc. as anyone else. My question is this: **What are you prepared to do?** If everyone is living their happy tax free, minimal government lives, with zero welfare, but as you drive along some parts of society there are sick or homeless people dotted here and there, what are you prepared to do? Will you mandate I and everybody else expend our resources to address these people on the bottom? Or will you simply implore us to volunteer charity? 
That's what it comes down to. Socialism is mandate, it's forced action. That's what I'm trying to find out about you. Please clarify.
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:36:23
Yes, the thing is Rand Paul is trying to win. Otherwise he's wasting his time.
The unfortunate truth is the U.S. is pretty much hijacked by powerful interests that benefit from defense spending and war, and a population all too willing to fight terrorists and evil doers at any cost - as long as they can do it from their living room, and not pay for it via direct tax (Iraq and Afghanistan wars both on the national credit card at over 6 trillion). 
To be against military spending is to be unpatriotic, possibly even *for* the terrorists winning. Rand Paul can't afford to be painted as soft on defense, and he knows it.
@_date: 2015-08-01 04:56:11
"The U.S. Dollar certainly doesn't want to get into a morality contest against Bitcoin. Currency, like guns, is simply a tool which can be used for good or bad purposes. Cryptocurrency, or money of the Internet, has the ability to lift millions if not billions of un-banked and under-banked people out of poverty giving them access to micro lending and world class financial services using nothing more than a mobile phone."
@_date: 2015-07-05 08:11:24


Don't feel bad. This guy apparently gets offended easily. He once [said I was being rude]( when we argued about U.S. tax filing requirements. He admitted being Canadian while I, a U.S. citizen, was quoting a U.S. tax attorney. Then he said something about writing with a certain style to appeal to a wider (American) audience, whatever that's supposed to mean.
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:45:11
Awesome comment, yet little upvoted. Not many probably understand it.
@_date: 2015-07-25 19:10:45
A lot of r/bitcoin may skew younger and may not realize how nasty this guy once was. In boxing putting your arms up to guard was little help. They say Tyson was punching so hard he was busting the blood vessels in people's arms. What a monster.
@_date: 2015-07-23 03:13:20


Yes, they can just turn the fire hose on each coin in turn and manipulate the price to their liking ;) 
No, seriously, the market price of a coin isn't directly linked to hash power. There will be some correlation due to profitability and markets seeking equilibrium, but hashrate follows coin price, not the other way around. A coin's price is determined by a combination of factors, mostly resulting from user adoption, including consumers, merchants and speculators. The real question will be which coin maintains acceptance in the marketplace, and for how long.
@_date: 2015-07-23 00:26:41


Really? I thought we were calling them alt-coins.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:51:00
No, *you've* completely missed the point.


I'm going to rewrite your sentence changing one word:
"You're right - nothing is free - that's why we use magic to provide things that human beings need"
This is what seems to go on in the brain of socialists. They seem to think by adding some special word or concept, problems are magically made better. IT DOESN'T WORK LIKE THAT. The only thing you're doing is SHIFTING things - but the exact same amount of headache and cost exists, you're only dealing with them differently, and most of the time not better.
You're confusing pooled effort with individual effort. Yes, some things are done better in pools. Some things are done better individually. Each situation is different. For example, writing a book, painting or sculpting are better done individually. Writing a book with pooled participation comes out horribly, but a talented author, like Stephen King can do a great job. Pushing a stalled car is better done with pooled participation, as it makes things easier on everyone.
The problem is socialists think everything is automatically the same as pushing a stalled car. It's not. The fact is there are LAZY people in society. In fact, you're more likely to find an average or lazy person than a hard working or exceptional one. That's a fact. That means if you're forcing everyone to pitch in, yet everyone takes out the same amount, you're creating an imbalance, because some people will pitch in more while others look for ways to do less. 
Pushing a car is opt-in. Usually people see someone needs help, and they all volunteer to provide their service. That's fine. That's to be encouraged. That's when you can expect the *best* result from pooled effort, but that's not socialism. That's humanitarianism, charity, and volunteering.
You always get a worse result when you FORCE pooled participation in a general society setting, because the naturally lazy/slacker types will take an unfair share from the ones working hard, and eventually the hard workers notice and stop working hard themselves, maybe leave. The thing socialists don't seem to realize is without the productive people their model collapses fast. You can't have a thriving community of slackers...
That's why capitalism is superior. The profit is indeed necessary as it provides the *incentive* to do a good job. When you match capitalism with a free market you get the best result because customers will reward the best and hardest workers; that's as it should be; and the private free market experiences the best goods and services.
Now something like roads is hardly worth arguing about because it's hard (but not impossible) to mess up that quality. So it won't be obvious how bad that is, but the private market could indeed do a better job. If people didn't have roads, and collectively agreed they needed them, and agreed to work together to produce them, then, like pushing the car you'd get the best outcome. As it stands government simply contracts and provides roads, and does an adequate job, but does so inefficiently, and for all the "richness" of America the country *still* has crumbling roads and bridges. That's why I mention healthcare, where quality shows up. Two words: Veterans Hospital.
Getting back to Canada...
The socialized costs in Canada are simply SHIFTED. Canada's debt is now over [$1 trillion]( and worse their debt to GDP is 84%! That's worse than the heavily indebted United States at 72%. For comparison Italy's debt to GDP is 132% and Greece is 175%. We are now seeing with Greece what happens when the bills finally come due. Taking on debt and pushing off costs on a credit card to be paid by future citizens is cowardly and immoral. That's the only thing countries that take on debt are doing, making future citizens, many unborn, poorer. There is no free ride.
That's what kills me about socialists. They don't know what the hell they're talking about. They just think, Oh Magic! We can do things this way and get feel good results now! IT DOESN'T WORK LIKE THAT.
@_date: 2015-07-03 08:46:30


Can there be an option 3? Remove the ceiling?
Think about it for a second.
@_date: 2015-07-03 01:58:22


And how do you prove that? The OP's point is you would have been called crazy or a conspiracy theorist. People tend to believe what the government tells them. The DNI committing a felony to protect the secret doesn't help either. If Edward Snowden hadn't done what he did the government's official position would probably still be denial.
As for Wikipedia pages, anyone can edit them. What a page says now might be completely different from what it said yesterday.
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:07:06
It baffles me that such smart people continue to argue over this. The truth is it's *not possible* to have everyone see the solution to this the same, because there are future unknowns that can only be estimated. There is no easy solution to this with the technology of today. We can only therefore speculate about the best approach to solving it, and the conclusion each person reaches will be prioritized by what they deem most important to protect.
The real discussion should be what is the best way forward *given irreconcilable differences*? In my mind the free market obviously decides, as cryptocurrency isn't anything without it. The only way for the market to be able to decide is to have coins with each approach available. There are different ways to do this, but obviously something will be deemed an alternative. I like modifying an existing alternative coin myself.
@_date: 2015-07-17 22:27:24
I agree we're not likely to make further progress, but at least I can thank you for appearing to consider what I've typed, as I've  done as well. While we may have failed to impress any new found knowledge upon one another, the attempt is in itself admirable in my book.
Here is my own summary as best I can make it: 
I never said anything about sick or homeless people being an unrelated set of people, or this poverty set being static. That's your assumption on my behalf, and it's wrong. Also, I reject your premise that you can't have people living freely while still interacting with one another. That makes no sense. Freedom isn't isolationism, it's about voluntary actions. 
There is also no reason to not expect a public transit service. These usually require passenger fares, but even if one was made purely as a public service that cost isn't so high. It's like setting up libraries, once the initial infrastructure costs are gotten out of the way (even if some in society bear more setup cost) it doesn't take much to maintain public use, even perpetually free use. Cost is the key. The lower the better.
**But here is the crux of my argument:** I don't know if you're religious, but it is said that Jesus said "the poor you will always have with you." Why? It's because anyone can have babies. Yet, not everyone can support new life entering earth's population. If your goal is to reduce and hopefully eliminate poor people, you're fighting a futile battle, unless you can stop any young irresponsible girl spreading her legs. And if you subsidize welfare babies born into broken, dysfunctional homes, where under educated youths grow up to commit crimes and have more welfare babies along the way, you'll only encourage more of the same, because it's a cycle. It costs money to support people not supporting themselves, and that money comes from somewhere. Libertarians say we're not playing that game. If every person is responsible for themselves nobody is poor. Anyone is free to take what they want out of life, especially having access to a capitalist system. For any shortcomings charities exist and always have.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:05:11
It has never been hacked either AFAIK, something even BTC-e can't say.
@_date: 2015-08-02 04:29:15


I've seen it with my own eyes. I've also heard reports "from the street". Single ladies have impregnated themselves with discarded trash items.


This illustrates the problem with socialists exactly. They don't have much idea about *how* to pay for something, they just say pay for it. As long as some money can come from somewhere then it's fine. They're great at spending *other* people's money. The reason people can even consider socialism (which really shocks me) today is a lot of government cost is masked (into inflation and stealing wealth from the future) by our scam financial system. There is no way we could pay for all the healthcare costs, extended unemployment benefits, student loan guarantees, mortgage guarantees, food stamps, housing vouchers etc. if we had to pay for all these things without debt, without a national credit card to defer all payment. That's the only reason people don't have to pay it directly and feel the pain through taxes. If we couldn't use debt, and we had to directly tax people to cover all these govt expense programs, people might be paying 60-75% of their income in taxes. Socialists wouldn't get very far with their programs *then*. As it stands the cost is simply masked, but it's now manifesting itself through economic turmoil, both today and what future generations have to look forward to, from explosive money printing and crushing national debt.
@_date: 2015-08-07 19:25:33
Okay, looks like Reason is correct. Here's what I got:
Interrupting Trump: 1:04 - 1:24 (20 sec)
On ISIS: 2:15 - 3:10 (55 sec)
Christie argument, only Paul: 
4:50 - 5:12 (22 sec)
5:50 - 6:12 (22 sec)
Religious freedom: 7:15 - 7:50 (35 sec)
Iran deal: 8:00 - 8:40 (40 sec)
Israel: 8:55 - 10:10 (75 sec)
Closing: 11:25 - 11:55 (30 sec)
Total: 299 seconds = 4.98 minutes
That's pretty bad. It's up to us on the Internet to help push Paul out there because media sure isn't.
@_date: 2015-07-29 05:38:43


Well, at least you understand that part.


I didn't ask about designs. I asked what's the best way to prevent terrorism.


Well, the DHS was formed November 2002. In 2011 the DHS was allocated a budget of $98 billion (of which it spent $66 billion), and with more than 200,000 employees it's the third largest Cabinet department after the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs. Yet, in 2013 we had the Boston Bombing.
Clearly we're not spending and doing enough? This doesn't even get into the illegal domestic bulk data collection (yes, a federal court has ruled it's illegal) collected by the NSA.


Well, you need to. We're supposed to be a government of, for and by the people. If we don't say how things are supposed to go, we get a mess... This is assuming you're an American citizen, of course.


Actually, I disagree. At least local police often have closer ties to the communities they police. However, you seem to still miss my point, which is about the *best* way to prevent terrorism. (Hint: look at how other countries avoid terrorist attacks)
@_date: 2015-07-23 20:44:54


Hmm, yeah I suppose that's true... Protection could be done trivially, though. You don't need taint.
All you need is to move your coins once on one of the chains to some other address(es) you control. Then your unspent outputs would exist on one chain, but not the other. You still have the same total value for spending, but transactions on one chain are not recognized on the other. Creating free addresses is trivial of course, so you're only out the transaction fee(s) for the move.
I would actually protect against this at the protocol level, though, by (safely) adjusting transaction construction.
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:39:01


Calling software "hostile" when it openly advertises what it does and you opt in to using it is a stretch. 
As for the purchasing power I'm not sure I follow you. Forking Bitcoin will essentially create two different coins, and that's likely to split the market value of the two coins too.
@_date: 2015-07-01 00:14:35


You see success in implementing hard forks as the same likelihood regardless of community size? Even considering the current block size debate (going on years now)?
@_date: 2015-07-02 22:14:19


You must have missed my recent post:
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:08:16
The best way to learn Bitcoin is to start using it.
Start with small amounts (only a few cents) and work your way up as you feel more comfortable transacting and securing coins. It may sound terrible, but a good use case for bitcoin is the [gambling sites]( which are generally thriving. Find a Dice game with a faucet as many have them. They will give you a few fractions of cents to play with. Try your luck and then cash out to your wallet(s). Just remember the context for gambling should be entertainment ;)
A great place to buy in the U.S. is [LibertyX]( You simply find a participating merchant near you.
I also highly recommend you check out: 
@_date: 2015-07-12 17:35:47
So why use a money packet then? Why not just send to the receiver's public address?
@_date: 2016-02-09 02:23:52


How about Gavin Andresen then? Is he not informed enough? He [believes the same thing](


No worries. Totally understandable as you know nothing of me beyond what I've typed here. Thanks for the civility of including this line though as it impresses me. I was in conversation with someone else in this thread who started randomly cussing me out.
@_date: 2015-07-01 23:34:55


I didn't say it did. I made a comment on a reddit thread.


No, there is not. I can get you an accurate count now if you'd like.


That's not what the quote says. I'll remind you:
"as soon as one block gets completed, another is automatically generated"
It doesn't say "start working on" as you did. It said generated. The definition of generated is: *to bring into being*. It can take over an hour for a new block to be brought into being, which makes the statement "as soon as ... another block is automatically generated" incorrect. 
Also, to be technical, miners start working on completely *invalid* blocks. They don't work on the successful block which will be added to the blockchain. Only one lucky miner does that (usually) at any given ten minute interval, and that miner only knows it once the correct combination hash is found. That miner works on invalid blocks first too. And even then the block must be broadcast and accepted by other miners and not get orphaned, which happens too. So, no, another blockchain block isn't automatically generated as soon as a prior block is found.
Anything else?
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:14:10


Now I understand why you lack faith in *any* government. You believe they're all destined to become large. However, there is an ingredient missing. Governments can't grow large without money. Starve a government of money and it stays small. This is why the founding fathers of America, in the Constitution, made gold and silver coins the only possible legal tender of the United States. They can't be printed. The only way such a shackled government could then grow would be directly (over) taxing the citizens, which would be noticed and resisted, thus limiting the size of government.
As for the banks they can't do much damage with small government, and working free markets.
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:55:07


Yes, well that was pure communism, though.


Yep. You're right of course. That's why I feel there needs to be some constitutional amendment, something mandating monetary education, and economics as a bonus, which nobody is taught.
Short of that, remove the government's ability to take sound money away from the people. Hence, why I'm here: Bitcoin


No, the people have to do that. See my two solutions above.
@_date: 2015-07-03 14:47:24


Yeah, I was reading that thread. It seems Amagimetals was sold.
Stephen Macaskill seems like an upstanding fellow, but if Amagi is under new ownership they need to rebuild their reputation from scratch. So far it looks like it would be wise for buyers to stay away.
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:36:18


I do too, but people confuse the present system in America with real free market capitalism. It's not.
We don't have free markets and we don't have real capitalism (we have crony capitalism). We also don't have sound money; we have an inflationary currency and government debt. This is why there is such a gap (which is widening) between rich and poor.
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:34:57


Yeah... I'm not claiming I know the best way to solve the problem. Perhaps there is no best way, only tolerable ways. 
Believe me, I'm very sympathetic to your view. But at the same time you must admit you, nor anyone arguing your position, knows for certain either. Politics, by definition, is simply the way humans organize themselves to live together. 
I like to approach things logically and scientifically; looks at experiments, look at results. Anybody wanting to create an anarchic utopia to prove the model has pretty much the same opportunity as anybody looking to establish other governance models. They just need to convince enough people to join in and secure the land on which to live out the experiment. As I said, I've never seen a complete anarchic model work anywhere at large scale. On the other hand, America, when it had much smaller government seemed to do pretty well for the prosperity and livelihood of the people.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:55:19
I agree. I warned we needed to try to resolve the block size years ago.
Some think that because it doesn't seem to be an obvious problem today we can delay dealing with it. I completely disagree. It's not just about Bitcoin user experience today. There is a whole ecosystem and set of expectations evolving, and likely at an increasing pace. We're now listed on the NYSE for chrissakes. I agree we need to resolve this yesterday. It's a drain on productivity, likely the price, and who knows what else, and it doesn't get easier.
@_date: 2015-07-26 16:56:45


Not exactly. The purchasing power is taken by the upper class holders of the currency, e.g. American bankers and the top 3%. In this model, the Chinese are indeed more the banker, where the US is the debtor, so they're in the better position, but they hold *bonds* on dollars, not dollars. I think it's more likely than not that the Chinese will be paid back with worthless paper (dollars) which could make them appear foolish.
@_date: 2015-07-15 02:30:26


Correct. Of course, without the states you can't have the United States.
The reason it's important for states to use gold and silver as legal tender is that's where court arbitration is for civil dispute. For example, say I burn up your corn crops and you take me to court and win. How shall you be compensated? I might offer you anything, say seashells, bathroom tissue, or maybe Dogecoin. The court needs a way to fairly award damages. This is where legal tender comes in. Legal tender is what the state recognizes as having value, regardless to what individuals think is valuable. This is important because it gives the thing recognized automatic value; if you don't have it, you need to get it to discharge debt. 
@_date: 2016-02-09 08:15:31


Apparently you didn't read the GitHub link. Gavin's own proposal there is **8 Gigabyte** blocks by 2036, which means he sees Bitcoin being able to handle that 20 years from now. That's a larger figure than even I posted and I don't think he's wrong, even if optimistic. Remember I didn't say Bitcoin could handle such large blocks today and still remain decentralized. I said Bitcoin could handle it today with a certain setup, and it can. As technology improves at some point those resources will be cheaply accessible. The only question is how long that takes.
As for SegWit please see [my earlier response]( to TheBlueMatt. I'll quote it:


@_date: 2015-07-23 00:01:53


I agree it's not optimal, but it seems there will be a fight of sorts over the Bitcoin namespace. It all comes down to branding. Bitcoin and Litecoin sound similar too, yet there are no problems I've heard of confusing the two. Of course, software provides the real check. Either a coin conforms as expected or it's invalid.


SPV nodes use header information to perform some checking, but even today that's shown to be less-than-optimal. The recent signature encoding fork exposed how SPV nodes and others relying on miners and some blockexporers could be double spent against even on confirmed transactions, because miners themselves were not validating. If you're using Bitcoin software correctly to validate you don't have a problem.


If you have a fully validating node this won't happen once a fork splits and a conflicting transaction emerges on the chains (provided each chain has decent hash power extending each version). There could also be a protocol rule further distinguishing the XT chain.
@_date: 2015-07-16 13:12:38
No, you're the one that's off.


Nothing is free. Let's take hospitals/healthcare. Tell me how exactly socialism is covering that well.
Start with Obamacare in America if you like, a huge move toward socialism - shared healthcare - where healthcare costs are rising, and a [majority of Americans don't like it](
@_date: 2016-02-08 21:45:19


That's talking about a hard-fork for bitcoinj, which has nothing to do with a block size increase. The bottom line is the Core roadmap says nothing about a block size increase as a given. It says it *may* increase given hand-wavy subjective considerations. Let me quote it for you:
*"Finally--at some point the capacity increases from the above may not be enough. ... Bitcoin will be able to move forward with these increases when improvements and understanding render their risks widely acceptable relative to the risks of not deploying them."*
That means a size increase may happen in 10 years or NEVER. It's like an obese person saying she'll go on a diet as soon as it's clear her clothes make her look unattractive.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:19:27


Blockchain used to be an excellent easy-to-use choice for convenience. They are still really convenient, but seem to have had problems lately. I'm not sure if management has changed or what (they were recently funded).
If you're doing casual shopping/experimenting they are still OK, but I wouldn't leave large amounts there. Of course you shouldn't leave large amounts with *any* online service where you don't control a portion of keys (eg Coinkite multisig). I actually  like Block.io now, though, as they do the same as Blockchain but with added Litecoin and Dogecoin.
If you're doing anything more in-depth with Bitcoin, though, you need to learn more about managing your own coins properly, eg using a hardware device like [Trezor]( multi-sig as with [Coinkite]( or downloading some client (Electrum) as others mention.
@_date: 2015-07-23 04:43:11
You mean people signaling they were ready for something when they were not? [facepalm]
Yeah, that's why I'm not actually too big on a threshold number now. I say just make a determined fork for XT. Make a protected alternative coin. It can be done since a hard fork is required anyway, just add another protocol rule. For example, block version uptake on the network might signal a manual, not automated intervention. Once a suitable threshold was reached code could be released specifying a certain block height for the fork; thereafter XT blocks would be defined having 8MB with 40% increases and use Scrypt for example. Done. 
Of course, that change would meet some economic resistance, but it's an example. Just some change that sufficiently distinguishes the two chains. Another idea would be requiring minimum 1MB blocks, or changing block time or transaction types.
@_date: 2016-02-09 00:23:47


Segregated Witness doesn't increase block size. It allows for more transactions by separating out the witness (signature) data, but that's not the only part of transaction size, which also considers number of inputs, script complexity, etc.
@_date: 2016-02-08 22:59:15
In my opinion a hard-fork *without* some block size increase makes little sense. 
Here is the deal. Bitcoin capacity is already just about maxed out, and our community size is *tiny*. There are various scaling solutions proposed. One example is Segregate Witness, but that may only double capacity, and not for all txs. Another is the Lightning network, but that is not yet working and requires 100MB blocks anyway for global scale usage. This means increasing the actual block size limit for a growing community seems unavoidable, yet the small-block camp seems to avoid any increase at all costs.
@_date: 2016-02-22 00:35:49
Or he is just curious...
There is no connotation to his words. It's a neutral set of questions.
@_date: 2016-02-09 01:12:53


Actually it could. First understand Bitcoin could do VISA levels today. There is nothing technically preventing it. The problem is it would put a strain on the spread out or decentralized composition of the network, because not everyone has access to the same computing resources. So, yes, simply increasing block size *is* a viable scaling strategy. 
Now, if you're concerned about decentralization (as I am) you take into consideration what the network can likely handle in the near term, and also what it can probably handle into the future given natural technological progress (how much better off are we today than days of dial-up and 10MB HDs?). Given that you say if we're okay at 1MB today it's reasonable to say we'd be okay at 5 to 10 times that at some point into the future. The problem is never in 3 years of debate of the block size issue has the small-block side ever hinted anything over 1MB, at any future date, could be safely scheduled on a roadmap. That's the problem. 
@_date: 2015-07-04 21:25:55
It always happens. This is why financial collapse is so terrible, the disorganization. The reality is nothing has really changed. It's not like some natural disaster strikes, it's just people don't have a means to trade value. But value comes from people. Money is only a tool, of course, not the thing that creates the wealth.
When Argentina suffered its last major financial shock people tried creating local currencies, no more sophisticated than what could printed from a home PC. Of course that didn't last long.
On another note I shook my head at the end of the article:
**Total debt:** 320bn
**Greece still owed:** 7.2bn
**Debt settled by:** 2057
**What went wrong?**
*Negotiations descended into acrimony.*
Yes. The Greek debt was approaching one half trillion dollars, with an economy where the government was responsible for around 30% of all employment, and what went wrong was negotiations descended into acrimony.  [sigh] I guess all the other big government, highly indebted economies that are obviously doing it right had better employ some top notch negotiators.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:34:17


Well, no, the prosperity and livelihood of the people did pretty well for the people - when they had sound money (gold) and no income tax. Granted both these things were eventually taken away, and this started the slippery slide to where we are today, where I definitely agree with you: the prosperity and livelihood of the people have done increasingly less for productive, hard working people and more for the size and health of the warfare and welfare state.


Well, I think we both agree fundamentally. We're just saying things in slightly different ways. The prosperity of the modern world is based on debt fueled consumption, so the parasite sitting on top of it is very large governments partnered with very large banks. This stifles ground level real economic growth and prosperity.
@_date: 2015-07-26 16:35:06


One of the key points of Bitcoin is that you don't need to trust anybody else. You can verify everything yourself. To do that, though, you need to know *everything* that's happened from the beginning, starting with the Genesis block. To know everything you need to know all of the transactions, which are contained in the blockchain.


Not in the way your question is phrased. If you have to rely on others to do some portion of validation you defeat the answer above. However, a full node doesn't need to always *store* the full blockchain. For example, a full node can initially download and validate the full chain keeping the recent, say, one month of blocks, then it could "forget" the rest. This is called a pruned full node. Under this model your full node only needs to store recent history and the current UTXO set. There only needs to be a few "archival" nodes which make available the entire blockchain to those requesting it.
@_date: 2015-07-15 03:51:45


Yes, but note that's only a certificate *for* metal coins, not the coins themselves. 
Supplanting paper for actual metal is the slippery slope which has led to *paper* becoming mistakenly recognized as valuable. The Spanish milled dollar was in fact a silver metal coin upon which the original United States dollar was based:


No, the clause exists because delegates to the Constitutional Convention had just seen the effects of runaway inflation during the American Revolutionary War which collapsed the Continental dollar.
@_date: 2015-07-03 19:01:36
We REALLY need to get rid of patents. They harm not help the consumer.
@_date: 2015-07-16 22:24:04
My argument isn't limited to America. It's fundamentally about human nature and a group of humans trying to live together peacefully. All humans basically want the same things. There is nothing unique about that. 
Our disagreement is about how those humans should interact with each other, whether through forced or voluntary reasons. Anytime you establish a government, which has a monopoly on force over its citizens via guns, laws and jails, you by default will architect what humans are forced to do (or are not forced to do). The setup depends on political ideology, eg, socialism, capitalism, communism. The fundamental tenet of libertarianism is you eliminate or reduce force over people to the smallest extent - people only do what they *want* to do. I'm not an anarchist; I don't think zero government is the answer - that was the debate I had with the other person. But I do believe in small government and people being as *free* as possible to choose their own destiny. The smaller the government, the less taxes and laws, the freer the person. You can contemplate whether socialism "improves" upon this, which forces people to pitch into things they might not individually agree to, but you'll never convince me.
I won't even get started on guns. 
@_date: 2015-07-17 01:11:08
Holy crap. Dude you are all off. I don't even know where to start. It's no wonder you're not from America, because you don't know what liberty is about.


Government isn't a separate thing from citizens in America, at least, it's not supposed to be. I'm not sure how to explain succinctly. The reason America was set up the way it was (our Constitution is quite *small*) with limited government is because we fundamentally believe decisions affecting people's lives should be made locally; and the harder the decision the more local should come the answer. Example: abortion. That's a heated topic. But it comes down to a very local choice. We believe the best qualified people to decide an issue of abortion are the female involved, probably her parents, maybe her doctor, mate and pastor if applicable. The reason is because the decision will affect these people the most; the girl could even lose her life as a result of the decision. So the very hard decision should be made locally. The farther away the decision the more insensitive the decider; so some politician sitting in a chair in our Senate shouldn't be the one to decide.
That's the libertarian small government argument and logic. Yes, government is made up of people, but the larger the government grows and the larger its jurisdiction, the farther away from private individuals it becomes, and more difficult for them to influence. It's easier for individuals to change their local state laws and governor than federal laws and the president. Big government becomes *less* representative of the people, taking on a life of its own (as we have today in America). So the reason we disdain government and want it small is because the more of it you have the less agreement everyone can have, because people have different opinions. I'm opposed to Obamacare, but as a U.S. citizen, with it as the law of the land I'm *forced* to pay/participate no matter what my wishes. All laws are like this. There will be at least some people that don't want a law but are trapped under it. That can't be helped, but we can strive to make government and law overall as small as possible to be livable and practical. Again, early America was like this. The anarchist I debated believed America was *never* free because it had *some* government.
Regarding water... And by the way how you describe setting it up is exactly what I encourage. Let me be clear: I'm not against shared community ownership. If there is a lake, certainly the city on it collectively owns it. If somewhere in history people paid for pipes and systems to be ran into the city, yes, that's paid for and collectively owned too. Ongoing maintenance is another story. Water has to undergo expensive treatment and storage to be suitable for home use. This is usually handled by a water company. Yes, people need to pay for that service. They may have a right to the collective ownership of the water, but not the ongoing treatment. If they stop paying, their water needs to be shut off. They're free to go to the lake and get it directly, or move. Now, in practice, can we have compassion for say people who have fallen on hard times due to political mismanagement, as happened in Detroit where the water was shut off, and allow some freeloading? Sure. As I said earlier, I'm not arguing over trifles. You'll never get any system at 100%. I don't mind a police force, firefighters or water company, even if I think in many cases they could be constructed better by a private free market. Added cost and inefficiency is low enough not to argue over. Healthcare crosses a line of expense, though.


What? All people were free until the 1800s? How the hell do you figure that? Why was there even an American Revolutionary War if colonists were so free under the Kingdom of Great Britain?


Completely false.


You have a fundamental misunderstanding of freedom and the human condition. You don't have a right to take my hard earned money (or food or whatever) and hand it over to someone else. That's wrong. I don't understand how you can't see that. If I want to do it myself, provide food or healthcare to someone needy, then that's my choice, but that's not what you're talking about, is it? You  think I should be forced to behave a certain way. Right?
@_date: 2016-02-09 02:03:02
I used an extreme example to try to show you "Bitcoin" is simply implementation of software on computing equipment. It's not wise to therefore use statements like "it can't do this" because depending on the setup a lot *is* possible. In other words I'm trying to open your mind up to possibilities. I didn't say it's a good *idea* to go to 600MB blocks, only that it could be done given a different network configuration. Some day in the future that will probably include a cheaply available network configuration.
It's not the case today, but then I'm not suggesting 600MB. I am, however, suggesting something over 1MB.
@_date: 2015-07-15 17:28:41
Well, they could use their own cryptocurrency (with a sufficient block size), which would be even better.
The point is they need something which can't be debased and inflated by the whims of a few idiot politicians who transition into power for a while. Gold fits that, especially if physical metal coins are used, but that's hard in modern society. Cryptocurrency fits that too, and would work better IMO, as it can be used easily in modern society.
@_date: 2015-07-16 20:00:30


This is what you don't seem to understand. The logic I've outlined applies on a micro level as well as a macro one. The fundamental problem is *slackers*. You will always have people looking to do less, yet take out the same or more than others. It doesn't matter how narrow you apply socialism, the result is the same, it's just you do less damage.
Now, one can get away with narrowly defined cases of forced community sharing, like firefighting, or police forces, for example, due to convenience. People would rather just pawn things like that off to a government and not deal with it, and accept the trade-off of inefficiencies. I'm not arguing over trifles. But you give a socialist an inch and they'll take a mile. Suddenly now firefighting isn't enough, now it has to be *healthcare* too, and now even public, no *collegiate* education (yes Obama has been pushing for this). It never stops.


Sure, early America. I'll accept any time period too.
@_date: 2015-07-01 11:49:23
At least you are putting up numbers. 
I only ask one thing, that whatever we come up with we intend on making it livable as final. In that case I like d) starting at 1MB and growing to 4*X MB cap with 20%/year growth
limiter + Greg Maxwell's flexcap, with an X &gt; 2MB
@_date: 2016-02-08 21:05:51


You linked to a comment from Dr. Adam Back. 
Obviously he doesn't speak for the Core/Blockstream side of things because Dr. Back proposed 2-4-8 MB bi-annual block size increases which I (and [others like Erik Voorhees]( ) believe *would* achieve supermajority consensus, but Greg Maxwell and others apparently staunchly oppose now. 
@_date: 2015-07-17 17:58:55


You are saying that. You just don't understand how.


That's rich. You, a non-American, are telling me a U.S. citizen how my own revolution went. This is the second time you've stated I'm ignorant on something when in reality history, facts, and credible sources back up my version. The Thirteen Colonies did have local government. They were self-governed, while still a part of the British Empire. The colonies had their own political, constitutional and legal systems in which most white men could and did vote for local and legislative officials. The colonies didn't know they would eventually need to revolt and declare independence from Great Britain until after 1754, and didn't actually respond to grievances against London until 1774 by convening a Continental Congress which declared independence in 1776.


Here we go again.


This is where your understanding is lacking. You seem to think there is some "system", perhaps a club with elite members of a privileged class which keep a closely guarded, secret system together which benefits them and nobody else. The mindset socialists seem to have is one of some unfair imbalance; they perceive a small class of rich haves lording over the poorer have nots, unfairly; they see this as unjust, unworkable. Am I right? Am I close?
That has nothing to do with libertarianism, because libertarianism isn't about class. It's about individualism.
Libertarianism respects the rights of the individual, rich or poor alike. Life isn't only about money. 
Some people's idea of a wonderful life might be smoking marijuana all day, forgetting material possessions, and living a life free to go to the beach anytime and surf, for example. Such a person may not have a penny to his name, yet be happier than the wealthiest old miser on a hill (my own version of happiness is closer to this than some snobby old miser). But laws say this person isn't free to put such illegal substances into his body. He must be sober! He must work each day, and pay into a system to take care of his health and other people's health, because that's what is collectively agreed to be the best human experience. It's not his choice alone; he must do what the group wants.
So to be libertarian, you fundamentally believe people are free to do what they want, keep what they work for, and do with their life and property as they wish. The amount of property one has is irrelevant, as is how they obtained it. 
They could have worked like a dog for 20 years and saved every penny to gain a small fortune, or they may have inherited it without lifting a finger. A socialist doesn't care, though. They just see AHA! they Have and these others Do Not. We must fix this. Well, you can't fix it without taking (it's without permission if he didn't vote for the law/tax) a portion of wealth from this person.
As for big cities libertarianism works the same way. There is no difference, because people are not different whether they live on a  remote farm or in a big city. People fundamentally should be free to do what they want, and keep what they earn. This  means ideally they pay zero taxes. If there are any taxes to be collected they should be strenuously examined and justified. It turns out basic government services don't cost very much. You don't need to tax people, nor inflate a currency (which is a hidden tax) running up monstrous government debt. The only high expense comes when government tries to do things it has no business doing, like paying for people to live a certain way regardless what they themselves do.
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:11:02


Well, there are many people that disagree with you. Your position is America never was free. Again, my argument is once you reach a certain size it's simply not possible or practical to maintain zero governance. If you think I'm wrong, fine. I respect that. As I say, though, you and others with that position have the same opportunity to do things your way as anybody else, right? We need not argue. We can each seek to exist in the type society we feel will work best. Again, I haven't seen what you're describing anywhere though, not at any size. 


You're being dramatic. I proposed an idea. The constitutional process requires that idea be ratified and accepted - something not easy to do - by 3/4 of the states before being adopted. So it's not "my" anything. It becomes "our".


Because there will be knuckleheads. You seem to believe that in a population of significant size, say over a few million, all problems could be amicably resolved, with no "violent imposition" which you abhor. But the thing is for anything not amicably resolved there must be some force used somewhere. I'm simply placing that force in a different model than you, which I think works better. Unless you feel no force anywhere could or would exist, or, I really don't know how you imagine it.


We're not talking about abstract things like economic sectors. We're talking about people. People are - how shall I say - needy. :)


Thankfully. No, no world government, but there are treaties and efforts at diplomacy, and of course war too.
@_date: 2016-02-08 20:54:07


I didn't miss that. I just don't see consensus. The larger-block camp wants something **over 1MB** for on chain tx capacity. Any scaling help Segregated Witness provides would be in *addition* to this, not in lieu of it. You see, the key concern of those in the large-block camp is if/when Bitcoin garners a community 10 times bigger than now it needs 10 times the capacity (we're near full 1MB blocks already). Adding in 2MB  via Segregated Witness with a 1MB size limit doesn't sufficiently address that problem, let alone larger adoption (we've got about .05% of world pop. now).
@_date: 2016-02-08 23:17:53


I'm replying to *you*. Are you now going to resort to trolling?
You're quoting yourself talking about what you think Core devs plan to do. I'm *trying* to show you what they've endorsed (the roadmap) has no definitive block size increase.
@_date: 2016-02-08 20:39:08


What consensus is that? AFAIK the Core/Blockstream side of development still opposes a hard-fork to 2MB. Also, in your post you made it seem that the larger-block camp *opposes* Segregated Witness and other flexible scaling solutions on top of the core network, which isn't true at all. The larger-block camp believes in an 'all of the above' approach, with pragmatic scaling via low hanging fruit (eg small HF increase to start, maybe including other HF items cleanly, like segwit).
@_date: 2016-02-08 23:54:49


@_date: 2016-02-09 01:43:20


Yes, you could. Remember, Bitcoin is simply a network for computing transactions following a protocol. That network started with Satoshi's computer (or group of computers) and grew from there. You didn't read what I said, which was that decentralization of today's network would be affected. Otherwise it certainly is possible for a computer to set up processing in parallel, adding CPU and RAM as necessary, to handle whatever size blocks you want. Then it's only a question of how many other such computing setups are connected (likely directly) together.
Hearing you say "just cannot be done" reminds me of that quote attributed to Bill Gates saying "640K should be enough for anyone." People just don't really comprehend exponential growth, our brains are naturally bad at it, yet that's exactly the rate of progress we've seen across areas like bandwidth and memory for decades.
@_date: 2015-07-12 15:58:47
Bitcoin is global and so is the internet. If one country experiences problems/disruptions that doesn't stop the rest of the world continuing as normal. For example, there is no individual internet access in North Korea. Not a problem.
@_date: 2016-09-11 16:35:27
That might seem impressive until you think about what that 17 Trillion represents. If it represented real value - things like produced cars, televisions, clothing - it would be an apples to apples comparison. In reality our GDP increasingly is made up of less-than-solid value, specifically I'm talking about the financial sector. Consider this WSJ article from 2011:
*8.4%: The financial sectors share of gross domestic product. Given everything thats happened, surely the financial sectors role in the economy is smaller now than it was before the recession hit, right? Wrong. ... In 1950, the financial sector accounted for just 2.8% of GDP. The growth in finance over the past 60 years hasnt, by and large, been a bad thing. While from the outside, what financial workers do  take money from one pot, skim some off the top, and put it into another pot  seems meaningless and, to some people, outright wrong, it does serve a purpose. Deploying capital to the places where it can be best used helps the economy grow.*
Think about that last sentence: Deploying capital to the places where it can be best used helps the economy grow. 
If that's the case then with almost 3 times more share of GDP than in the 50s our economy should be outright booming. Of course anyone not living under a rock knows our economy is doing anything but that. In the 50s it was possible for a guy with only a high school diploma to support a stay-at-home wife and kids on just one salary. Today, with smaller family sizes, everyone's wife has to work and people still can't make ends meet. People are not doing better, yet the trend is a GDP increasingly dependent on the financial sector. 
We give billion dollar valuations to companies like Twitter or SnapChat that don't produce anything, not even a profit. We say we're a "service economy" whatever that means. So all we do is tweet each other all day and that's the added value we give the world. Yet every year we must go much deeper in debt or the whole thing jams up. Does that really seem sustainable?
@_date: 2016-09-20 18:15:51


Most wallets do. I didn't say those were the only wallets to do that, they're just an example. The difference is local PC wallets are under one person's control. When you use a web wallet like Blockchain.info (or an exchange) they may not keep each user's transactions separated. They may mix transactions into a pool and assign users separated accounting balances. In fact, Blockchain.info is supposed to have a 'shared send' function which specifically mixes together balances to obscure tracing. 
At the network level, yes, everything consists of inputs and outputs. However, when using a web wallet one isn't sure how they've configured their back-end to handle individual user transactions (whether outputs will mix or not). There are ways to use web wallets anonymously and ways to use local wallets anonymously. One simply needs understand the traceable aspects of each.
@_date: 2016-09-20 17:18:50


I disagree.


You're still thinking too simply. A fight as big as a war has stages. That's why it's not simply about who has the bigger gun. What the US failed to do wasn't invade or capture territories in the aforementioned wars. It failed to *maintain* control. Heavy artillery only helps when someone is opposing you head on, not when they blend into the background and attack sporadically, and at will. After the big guns quiet down it's up to patrolling soldiers to keep areas secure. That's easy enough when soldiers are the only ones with guns, which is often the case... Here is a practical way the 2nd Amendment pushes back on that notion.
Additionally, any good general will tell you a big part of winning a fight or war is psychological. You've heard the expression don't take a knife to a gun fight? Well imagine the hopelessness of not taking anything at all. You think the completely unarmed North Korean citizens are as likely to revolt against dictatorship as Americans might be? Americans who know they and all their neighbors are armed to the teeth (and you better believe not all citizens only keep what's legally allowed)?


Your theory may soon be put to the test in Venezuela. The situation is dire and worsening, even while the gov plans even tighter armed control. The people are trying futilely to buck off Maduro. At some point they may revolt outright... but they're unarmed. Heaven help them.
@_date: 2016-02-09 00:21:03
LOL yeah, what *you* say really matters to me. /s
@_date: 2016-09-12 01:45:04


Oh snap. It's like that is it?


There is one key way the US isn't like Venezuela: there is about 1 or 2 guns for every single person in the US. When people start hearing things like "you don't have a choice" some beg to differ. As the thread title suggests, this may not end well.
@_date: 2016-09-29 03:23:01




I thought you said there were only three. I was under the impression Wright had refused to try further to convince anyone, but I don't follow this closely. 
@_date: 2016-02-09 00:50:06


No that's not what I want. Let me explain something to you. Currently VISA alone handles around **2,000 transactions per second** with a peak around 56,000 tps. Right now Bitcoin, at 1MB, can handle about 3 transactions per second. Not 300, not 30... 3. 
Many got involved with Bitcoin as it was billed as a system with potentially global impact, helping users worldwide share in something far better than current banking. The world has over 6 billion people. Bitcoin currently serves an estimated 3 million or 0.05% of that total. Now, without some way to handle more than 3 transactions per second Bitcoin will become irrelevant as significantly more people try to use it. So DOUBLING capacity from 1MB to 2MB (or 3 tps to 6 tps) isn't exactly all I'm after.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:27:52


Well, this is just a matter of resolving the Javascript error, which is comparatively easy. You just need any computer that can place an ad on LocalBitcoins, which should be easy enough to find. Go to a friend's house, an Internet Cafe, etc. Try another browser. Google Chrome should give you the least problems.
@_date: 2016-09-24 01:11:57
There is a way you may recover the coins. Unless it has changed, when you do a trade on LBC as Seller your coins go into escrow and you can "release" them from escrow to the Buyer once you've received payment. You don't need a password to release the coins. You just need to be logged in, which you say you are. So do the following:
Create a new LBC account. Do it on some other computer, because you need to stay logged in to the problem account on your iPhone. Be sure you use proper information this time so you can access the new account without problems. On the problem account make a new ad for Cash Deposit (or whatever), but make your selling price really high like $900 so nobody takes it. With your new LBC account find your newly published ad and accept the trade for a full bitcoin. This will lock the BTC from the problem account into escrow ready to go to the new account when it's released by the seller (the problem account). Go to the problem account and release the coins from escrow to your new account. You should now have control over the 1 BTC again.
@_date: 2016-09-12 01:06:08


Private wealth? You mean wealth in the same way "Joe" from my example appears wealthy and living it up, even though he hardly seems to work? You'd really call him wealthy?


BS. There is no such thing as a guaranteed investment. There is always a risk involved. That's why there is such a thing as a credit rating, and the US recently suffered a knock to its own. What investors look for is simple: ability to pay. For personal credit this translates to the strength of a person's employment or income, relative to their debt/obligations. For a country this translates to the strength of its economy, relative to its debt/obligations. 
@_date: 2016-09-12 01:31:59


No, I just fixated on the word guarantee. ;) Point to you on that one.


Hmm... aren't these the same agencies that rated all those toxic mortgage backed securities AAA right before they blew up in the financial crisis and the SHTF?


LOL! Let met get this straight. An entity starts being forced into bankruptcy due to inability to pay and inability to borrow more, and you think what bails it out is creating a new IOU?


That's a power packed statement. In the interest of space I won't reply as I'd like. What I will say is I don't think the majority of the population, who already seem increasingly on edge in this economy, will take kindly to plenty of new "tax scenarios". 


Wow. Double or triple what the government is already taking? Even as the gov defaults on its own promises (Social Security will be bankrupt in 5 yrs)? Steep cuts to government jobs and programs? What fantasy are you living in where you think the public is going to accept this?
@_date: 2016-09-22 12:02:18


You should brush up on your reading comprehension. I didn't say country. I said society. 
There are periods when people try something close to the common sense model I outlined, meaning lower taxes/regulation, freer markets (and ideally sound money). An example is Germany which was flattened after WWII, but which adopted these principles under Minister of Economics Ludwig Erhard, and saw their economy come roaring back, even faster than Britain which had won the war.
Pretty much the same land exists in the world as has existed for thousands of years, so you don't get new countries popping up all the time. One does find different models of governance, however.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:10:39
Yes, I agree that would be logically consistent... Security is always a mixture between security and convenience. People love short, memorable passwords, but they're not very secure. On LBC there are traders with a high volume of transactions and who advertise 'quick release' times from escrow. Re-entering their password repeatedly for daily transactions could be cumbersome; not to mention people often store passwords in a text file on their device anyway. 
When you've gained access to someone's physical device you pretty much have control. An exception is something like the Bitcoin Trezor which can be PIN protected and further encrypted. But again, that's a trade-off in complex security while using something purpose built.
@_date: 2016-09-19 20:25:39


Simple answer: No, privacy is *never* guaranteed. The longer answer is it depends. It's possible to use cryptocurrency like Bitcoin very anonymously. To do so effectively one must understand a bit about how the underlying movements work and might be linked together. If you're not sure you're taking proper steps to be anonymous, assume you're not. There is work being done to make being anonymous easier. There are also other cryptocurrencies (which we're not really allowed to discuss here) with anonymity features built in, which can really help. 
Anonymity is about links. You exist in the real world. The actions you take in the real world can be linked to you. However, some actions are harder (or near impossible) to link to you depending on the action (and severity of the scrutiny). Bitcoin removes the default connection of identity from money by removing name association, just like cash. However, digital links can remain. It's these digital links one must know how to break/obscure to be certain of anonymity.
Your question gets off to a bad start because you say "whichever" wallet you're using. Well, if you use Tor, OpenBazaar, Tails, proper encryption etc. at every step of the way, but then use Coinbase which has your name and address to pay for your purchase, obviously you're not in the least bit anonymous. Anonymity is only as strong as the weakest link.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:42:38


That makes no sense to me. First, I'd say get on a proper desktop computer, none of this mobile version of things.  I can't believe you have no way to place a legitimate ad on LocalBitcoins. There is something you're not doing. Also, I logged in to LBC and tried the Post Trade screen and the Location box just says Enter Country, no Javascript needed. I'm in the US, but I gather you're not.


I'm pretty sure. It can't hurt to try. 
@_date: 2016-09-24 01:48:01
That's not good. You've already tried contacting support. I'd say keep working with them to see if there is a workaround. Other than that, maybe get a pen and paper and write out the password you think you used with different variations. Sometimes seeing it written may jog your memory.
@_date: 2016-09-20 19:22:41
I wouldn't rely on Blockchain.info's shared send. I've heard it's buggy, and possibly poorly implemented (meaning links are not sufficiently obscured). That's what I mean about not having guaranteed anonymity. If you don't understand the tech yourself it's easy to have a false sense of security. As I said, though, the space is evolving and it will be easier for average users to gain high anonymity over time. Best of luck.
@_date: 2016-09-20 14:40:59
That's the problem. Yes, it's possible. That's what my added note describes. It's something called [taint]( In Bitcoin coins don't move freely. All must be traceable back to some origin (why they can't be counterfeited) and all this is public. Wallets like Electrum or Bitcoin Core which create transactions for users bundle smaller transactions to make up amounts needed for larger transactions. In this way the 25 cents that went to your Electrum wallet which came from an exchange that knew your identity (and was gov monitored), can now associate you with the $400 transaction you make on the Dark Web which you thought was totally anonymous since you used Tor etc.
Note there wouldn't be an explicit but *implied* link. An investigator could only guess your ID was the one they were after, but for someone running an operation where anonymity was paramount even that's too much. That's why I said if you're not certain you're anonymous assume you're not. I believe I know what I'm doing and it would be, not necessarily difficult, but cumbersome  for me to maintain absolute anonymity, while easy to slip up. To start I'd separate any normal laptop/computing devices completely from my 'anonymity mode' ones so things didn't get confused.
There are cryptocurrencies which make being anonymous easier by directly addressing the linking or taint problem. It's something even I need to read up on more myself. This space is evolving as we speak. It's possible to be anonymous with Bitcoin, but it's not exactly built in.
@_date: 2016-09-27 23:56:40


First, where do you mean? The US? That's certainly not true if so as the state is *getting in the way* of capitalism here by interfering in what should be private markets (it's why education and healthcare are so expensive, why we had the housing bubble/crash etc) and over regulation. Capitalism doesn't need the state, at least no more than a basketball game needs a referee. The state should have no role other than allowing for a level playing field.


Capitalism doesn't have internal contradictions. To the extent there is a boom bust cycle it's only because most everything in life is a play of opposites (day/night, peace/war, male/female etc). The booms and busts wouldn't be bad or drawn out if not for the interference of governments and central banks meddling in what should be free markets. The busts playing off booms are actually healthy the same way never being exposed to germs makes one weaker, not stronger.
@_date: 2016-09-12 00:55:37


It doesn't matter what I believe. It matters what others want to pay for. Usually, people want to pay for real tangible things.
@_date: 2016-09-18 17:30:15


People like you don't seem to get it. Yes, the U.S. military is powerful, probably the most powerful military the world has ever seen. End of story, right? Wrong. Let me ask you something. Did the U.S. win the Vietnam War? How about the Iraq war, since that was more recent? Clear victories right? Mission accomplished and all that? There's obviously more to it than sheer might.


I don't know. I just know the purpose of the 2nd Amendment. The Founding Fathers were very unambiguous about why they supported it: precisely so people would have options other than "you don't have a choice". This stuff is clear, simple American history. I'm a bit saddened you don't seem well versed in the concept.


No, nothing like that makes much sense. If citizens are going to revolt against the government it won't be in half measures as you suggest. It would be an unambiguous fight, like the Civil War. The only question is whether the tension and problems are resolved peacefully through a democratic (and constitutional) process, or violently. It's obvious what everyone prefers. But "you don't have a choice", or a dictatorship, is not the way America was meant to be.
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:16:14
Hmm, that might work! Follow my instructions, but from the standpoint of someone looking to Buy. Then accept your Buy Offer from the problem account and release accordingly. That might work.
@_date: 2016-09-21 23:28:23


Yes, it is. Even if I thought having a central bank was a good idea (which I don't) they get an F for a grade, as they've failed to do the one thing they are supposed to do, which is act as an independent bank and not politically. 


And [people wrote]( explaining we'd be in our position today almost 10 years ago. [Some warned]( us over 30 years ago.


No, the root problem is we no longer have free markets and sound money (money which holds its value over time), as we did on a gold standard. Hopefully Bitcoin can help with that.
@_date: 2016-09-20 15:27:48


Again, you don't seem to get it. It's a fight, a war. Of course there will be casualties. But you still seem to miss the important details. For you it's all very simple: might makes right, end of story. You think it will all be one sided and the gov will assuredly come out on top. Again, that's why I gave you historical examples where this clearly wasn't the case, as someone with simplified thinking as you seem to exhibit would expect.
Certainly, in the case of Vietnam or Iraq the side without the massive firepower suffered heavily. But this didn't mean the fight, the objective (repelling an enemy) was lost. Now, take that knowledge and transpose it to a *domestic* war. The Civil War was the bloodiest in U.S. history. This is because the country was at war with itself. You had generals, armies and heavy artillery on both sides. You have to understand that *people* control tanks, guns etc. If people identify with your side then those resources can also move to your side. That's what happened in the Civil War. 
Now consider that the Civil War was quite ideological. The Southern states felt they had a right to secede and self-govern. The result of that fight didn't go in their favor. What we're essentially talking about is, one would think, less subject to debate. It's about following the Constitution as it's clearly written. This is something every soldier all the way up to the president swears an oath to. What might be the result of such a war with that as the point of contention? Who would remain sympathetic to a government out of step in that case? Again, I don't know the future.
@_date: 2016-09-22 00:41:57
I agree 100%. Here is an image of Andrew Jackson battling a [monster bank]( which he vowed to kill.
@_date: 2016-09-28 22:55:08
Interesting. I've been around awhile, but not since the earliest beginnings as you were, theymos. I learned something new. I knew about the coding start to the marketplaces, but not that Satoshi thought there wouldn't be separate websites needed. I would have known immediately that made little sense and seemed too grandiose or all encompassing to work. Bitcoin is great but it's not suitable for *everything*.  
You know who else speaks exactly this way predicting Bitcoin will be ubiquitously tangential in application, to the point it sounds a bit dogmatic? Craig Wright. Watch [this video]( with him talking about how Bitcoin will be used to encrypt all Internet traffic (or something like that) and more and tell me it's not similar ambition. I've already said I believed Gavin was correct, although many call Wright a fraud etc. If that's true it's a remarkable coincidence or a thoroughly researched act.
@_date: 2017-09-03 17:40:25


I did allow that money is likely to increase the chance at health and happiness. :) But let me challenge even that a bit.
I'm a fan of James Bond author Ian Flemming. The book *You Only Live Twice* gave me an appreciation for a lifestyle I'd never considered being born and raised in America, the land of consumerism and material things. In it Bond ends up on an "Ama island" in Japan where life is simple and females dive topless for seashells to earn a living. It's hard to describe in a few sentences but reading one really appreciates the beauty, peace and meaningful experiences that must exist in such a place, and Bond himself was happy. Contrasted with a life of dreaded work weeks, a hated boss, horrible traffic not to mention multiple forms of taxation (including currency inflation), one wonders which yields the more pleasant life. 
And, coincidentally, it isn't people living in what are perceived as the world's riches countries (like the U.S.) that live the longest. The people that live longest are the Japanese. (Actually as of a few years ago they slipped [to 
@_date: 2017-09-01 18:39:14


That wasn't a depression... not even close. It was a severe recession. 
@_date: 2016-09-11 23:39:24


LOL Yeah, I know it seems light hearted and humorous. I mean why should an economy be based on actual value, right? As long as people can whip out a credit card and go shopping there will be smiles on their faces, and that can obviously last forever... that is, until it can't; until not so many people are smiling. That's when you know the tide is turning.


Yes, but increasingly those investors, which once did include nation states (like China) are becoming averse to those bonds. So our own central bank (the Fed) buys them instead.


You say that like it's the most natural thing in the world. I mean *of course* the US would issue bonds, right? It's not like it already has outstanding debt (bonds); except that's exactly this thread's topic... Is there *no point* at which the US couldn't issue new bonds? Debt size doesn't matter?
It does matter. It matters because there is a cost. The first cost is unseen, at least in the present. That's because it steals prosperity from *the future*. Think of it like an average Joe applying for a load of credit cards; he doesn't have the means to pay for such balances but his wife is pregnant and he signs a contract saying all debts he doesn't pay can be collected from his children. While Joe is alive he lives it up. His plan seems flawless, especially if he'll die long before finance payments really stack up. Is that really fair, though? The second cost will become more noticeable sooner. That's because the Fed is increasingly the one buying bonds (expanding its balance sheet) and when it does that, it's literally creating money. Creating money is inflation (an expansion of currency supply) and prices rise in response. This robs ordinary people of purchasing power, the same way a collected tax would, except this is done in a less obvious way; it's a hidden tax.


Yes, at the current interest rates. The problem is interest rates can be, er, temperamental. Sometimes the market forces interest rates to rise - the equivalent of a creditor believing the borrower is more of a credit risk. Ask Greece about this. 


By snatching away the property of all its citizens? I don't think that would work out too well.
@_date: 2016-09-29 02:27:40


That sounds quite plausible to me, actually.


Indeed. But remember, it wasn't Wright that 'outed' himself. His name was in the candidates hat and someone (Wired iirc) traced a thread that wouldn't end. Scrutiny intensified rather than petered out. Satoshi never *said* he would never reveal himself. He also never said he'd lie if asked outright. We agree Satoshi is human. Well, what human doesn't have emotion or ego, or pride? If (and I'm saying if) Wright was Satoshi and preferred to remain anonymous (but only as a preference) and someone put the spotlight on him then perhaps he didn't lie. Satoshi was obviously smart. Well, look what's happened. Most people believe Wright isn't Satoshi, but Wright never once said he wasn't...  so if he is, he didn't lie, but he still is not seen as Satoshi. Wright said he "wanted Gavin to know". Those were his words. Well, Gavin seemed convinced at what he saw, and Gavin is no idiot. Quite an elaborate fraud if that's what it is.
@_date: 2016-09-29 01:57:02


Oh come on, how can you be certain? Note I'm not claiming Wright is Satoshi; also note I couldn't care less. I just find it interesting. Why can't he be Satoshi? (that's rhetorical, if you like) It sounds like your response is based more on emotion than objective reasoning, but I'd expect more from you than that.


Hmm.. I see.


Yes, well that tallies with what Gavin said about Satoshi seeming very careful and/or disciplined. However, I'd note Wright's professional background is in security which of course would enhance exactly those qualities. You'd have a better idea about Satoshi's mannerisms than I would, but as I said, this aspect of the Bitcoin story is interesting to me at least.
@_date: 2016-09-24 01:34:14


It could be, but that's why LBC bugs people to use 2FA. If you're a person that logs in then leaves your phone to be stolen while logged in, well you deserve to lose out.
@_date: 2016-09-08 00:50:13


I consider him richer than 63% of Americans, since that's how many don't even have a [spare $500 in savings]( What they do probably have, which that homeless guy doesn't is a lot of debt, which puts them at negative wealth. The homeless guy, meanwhile has plenty of freedom and leisure time. 
This is the weird sort of reality which happens with a financial system based on debt. It makes time and leisure so expensive one must essentially opt out of the system entirely to gain it, unless they're exceedingly rich. And economists wonder why the labor force participation rate is [at record lows]( with almost 100 million Americans not even in the labor force.
@_date: 2017-09-03 15:27:04


It can't buy health and happiness. At best it perhaps gives one a better chance at these, but it can't outright buy them. Remember to take care of yourself.
@_date: 2016-09-19 22:07:53


For the receiving part they wouldn't be able to connect your identity. If you're reusing an address (which shouldn't really be done, and definitely never when seeking anonymity) and that address was linked to you from some other transaction then when you make a new tx you can be linked. However, if you're using a fresh new address nobody has ever known about there is no way to link that to you (assuming you trust &amp; don't care about the sender). 
The first slip up in anonymity usually occurs when *sending* received coins somewhere. When using a local wallet (like Bitcoin Core) that broadcasts transactions it's designed to be difficult but possible to link those to your home IP address. In this way all associated actions from then on might be linked back to you. As I understand it running the built-in Electrum client from Tails [automatically routes]( over Tor, so that takes care of that problem. If your transaction from that point continues to be anonymous, meaning the recipient doesn't divulge your info (if they're shipping something to you) then yes, you'd remain anonymous*.
*the problem is when sending a transaction a bundling of previous transactions often happens to make up the necessary amount. If any of those transactions can be linked back to you then your anonymity is compromised.
@_date: 2016-09-22 03:07:57


It might be argued all fail, but only because of a pendulum swing. A society starts out with the correct model: no/low taxes/govt, sound money, economic freedom and free markets, which leads to prosperity and abundance, which makes way for larger government, higher taxes and regulation, less freedom and in the worst case fiat currency which grows government further leading to an eventual collapse and finger pointing.


Social Security will be bankrupt in 5 years. Apparently health care costs also just jumped by the biggest percentage in over 35 years. Interesting how the *Affordable* Health Care Act makes costs go up as the Patriot Act causes a loss of civil liberties. Good old government. Always there to help!
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:06:44


Yes, it does. The two are not remotely similar. Nobody can inflate Bitcoin's 21 million coins without everyone voluntarily going along (not likely). With a central bank that isn't true.


No, but they can't create more bitcoins. They can only create Bitcoin *credit*. Bitcoin credit wouldn't be the same as actual bitcoins. It's true Bitcoin credit could function similarly to actual bitcoins, but there are two big differences from fiat (dollars, for example). First, the reason paper notes were used AND PREFERRED to the actual gold they represented was because it was easier to transact the paper. So the market assigned a value to the paper completely separate from the gold. This wouldn't happen with Bitcoin. There is nothing easier to transact than something purely digital.  Second, if Bitcoin credit was still used/accepted in place of Bitcoins it wouldn't go on indefinitely. At some point (when the economy started becoming imbalanced) people would demand settlement in actual Bitcoin, not credit, creating a domino effect making the credit worthless. This might cause an economic recession while the market adjusted back to actual bitcoins. Recessions are economically *helpful* as they cleanse bad decisions from the system, just like an occasional mild cold/flu makes a body more resilient once recovered. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 16:36:33
How would cutting your foot be a life-changing or life-ending experience?
@_date: 2017-09-04 19:41:08
Let's take a look at the first two of these. Quick research on tetanus shows it enters the body through breaks in the skin; it's found in soil, dust and manure. It can be prevented with vaccine but requires 10 year booster shots. 
I'm an adult male living in the U.S. I can't ever remember having a tetanus shot. I'm sure my parents must have done it when I was in grade school, but that was decades ago. So, technically, I'm just as at risk for tetanus as someone in a "remote" area (I put remote in quotes, because to a person living any place they are not remote). Am I in a panic to run out and get my booster shot because of what you've said? Not in the least. What is the chance I have to worry about tetanus? Not much. First, I have to not tend to a cut (most likely on my feet). Next, I have to be unlucky enough to tread in soil, dust, or manure containing the bacteria with my exposed wound. Again, I consider that unlikely. Is it possible? Yes, but so is getting hit by a bus. Why should someone on an island be any more careless?
According to [the CDC]( about 1.5 million Americans get sepsis each year. Of these there are still about 250,00 deaths from it each year. That's about a 16.7% fatality rate even with the most modern medicine. So living in the U.S., with its medical superiority, doesn't exactly make me worry free. Meanwhile:
Annual U.S. deaths from auto accidents: 35,092
Annual U.S. deaths from homicide: 15,872
U.S. deaths from terrorism (2001-2014): 3,412
Island residents wouldn't worry much about any of those categories. What I'm saying is no lifestyle is free from worry of sudden death or sickness. They are a part of life itself. I'm not convinced an island lifestyle needs be any more significantly hazardous than living in a  capitalist country, with a little common sense.
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:29:56


The rule of law isn't absolute. How long have drugs been illegal? How many billions of dollars have gone toward the drug war? Can't someone in any big city still go out and find drugs in a few hours? What about black market currency sales as one finds in places like Venezuela which have gone on forever?
You're basically asking whether a government's reach into a market is absolute. It depends on how effectively authoritarian that government is. The thing in any Bitcoin user's favor is Bitcoin is a better tool to use against oppressive regimes than anything that has previously existed. Governments don't like gold because they can't control it. Even in the U.S. gold [was confiscated]( by executive order in 1933. However, it's easier to hide bitcoins than gold as a private key can be a simple string of words. 
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:56:58


Maybe so, maybe not, but publicly shaming someone has *some* effect...
@_date: 2015-04-15 00:19:12
Hey Erik, nice job on Shapeshift.io! Looks like another winner. I have used. You come out of nowhere with these sites.
@_date: 2015-04-20 02:01:11
People will always look for fault with candidates. We're beyond that. 
The 2016 election could easily be between Hillary Clinton and Rand Paul, also known as: should we look to government to solve our problems or not? I think it's time this country made a decision. It did once.
@_date: 2015-04-24 01:12:51


How do you figure that? Being libertarian means you want limited government, but the Founders realized a national defense was one of the few legitimate roles for federal government as states couldn't defend themselves. Now, mind you I don't think we need to increase military spending as we already spend more than much of the world combined, but acknowledging a strong military doesn't disqualify you from being libertarian.
@_date: 2015-04-13 04:00:35


I honestly don't care to spoon feed people with my prose. I think a better approach is to link to *original sources* as I did, and give people credit for being able to research, verify and form conclusions for themselves :)
@_date: 2015-04-25 21:25:25
I didn't mean this post isn't a big deal. I think it is. I meant it shouldn't have come to that, at least in my opinion. I'm a giant fan of Bitcoin, but people shouldn't risk getting fired over it. Bitcoin will succeed regardless.
@_date: 2015-04-13 04:13:56
Everything else has been tedious, inconsequential back and forth commenting. When I write about more complex concepts, when I'd say it really counts, I get the notes about coherence and clarity. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 04:18:00
Things could have went another way. It's about momentum. 
Believe it or not a big reason some candidates can't win is because people believe they can't. If people suspect otherwise it can mean a world of difference.
@_date: 2017-09-03 13:56:22


It wouldn't shock me. I agree. Read about the [3 Percenters]( (It's claimed only three percent of the population of the thirteen British colonies of North America fought the British in the American Revolution.)


Only time will tell. Bitcoin is going to give it its best shot. In our favor we have a determined group of *very* smart people trying to keep Bitcoin working as intended. The biggest card in our favor is Bitcoin being global. That means laws in one jurisdiction don't affect laws some place else. As long as the world itself doesn't fall under one supreme law/ruler Bitcoin can function in the few free remaining places, and as long as anyone anywhere in the world has internet access, they can take part in using it. :)


Miners don't have absolute power. In fact, nobody in Bitcoin does. There are a few key groups: software developers, miners, businesses, users. In Bitcoin these groups function like the three co-equal branches of U.S. government ([Separation of powers]( If any group acts against the interests of the others their power will be challenged. Since nobody is in charge, it's likely the problem will resolve itself, people will move to something else which works better, or stop consenting to use the system entirely. Strong economic incentives are in favor of things working out in everyone's best interests. :)
@_date: 2015-04-22 15:43:32


Well, let me put it this way. Admittedly I come from the technical, not financial world. I remember designing a system for a large commercial casting studio and having trouble over bridging the meaning of words. I don't think that makes anybody "wrong" or "not making sense", it's just a different set of meanings that are recalled by words.
When I say a margin call is 'in effect', I'm talking about some condition from the viewpoint of a system program. My program needs to know whether an account is in one state or another. It's binary. Either the account needs additional funds or it doesn't. If an account crosses a line of risk due to price movement then some action needs to happen. This could be a couple things. An alert, like an email, could go out *demanding* (to use one of your words) the account holder deposit funds. That, I'm sure you would agree, constitutes a request for funds. It's a margin call, simply done in the context of computers.
The question then is what happens next? In the financial world the calling was probably done by a *broker*, an actual human with decision making ability. The broker knows how you handled the call, if you were available, and what to do next. A computer wouldn't. From the viewpoint of a computer the *account state* hasn't changed. The "margin call" is still *in effect* and some other programmatic action needs to happen (or the system's exchange can lose money). Does that make sense?
@_date: 2015-04-05 19:46:20
There haven't been hundreds of raptures that have occurred throughout history. However, there have been hundreds of cases of fiat money becoming worthless. In fact, it has happened with 100% certainty. The time frame may differ, but it happens eventually.
@_date: 2015-04-24 18:38:19


Then you put a little green check mark or dash on all popular wallet software next to the words: blockchain independently validated?
Problem solved. Now the community simply informs lay persons which wallets accurately report the validation indicator.
Your concern about "getting in the habit" has nothing to do with what software does under the hood. Most users will never understand that anyway. People will, however, understand convenience, and always seek it out unless they have other, principled priority. In other words, the solution to the problem of "proper" user participation is one of user interface and information, not underlying software.
@_date: 2015-04-13 04:08:47


You're actually the first to suggest I don't write clearly. People usually say the opposite. As you say, we'll have to disagree on that.
@_date: 2015-04-13 14:45:20


No, because people won't agree which coins are best. For this reason, for all this time, [Bitcoin has remained in the lead]( with Litecoin the second largest blockchain based coin. Merchants won't hold riskier coins.
It's very hard for any coin to move past the top, say, two or three, and almost impossible to move past the top one (Bitcoin) if there isn't some insurmountable flaw found. This is because the further you go from the top the more difficult it is for people to agree what is "best".
This gives top coins a continually building [network effect]( which keeps them valuable and hard to unseat. Ultimately I believe we'll see a couple large market coins with a long tail of small trailing coins constantly trying to escape from obscurity while competing with one another. Bitcoin will keep well over 50% of the market with Litecoin at say around 10% and the rest fighting over smaller portions.
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:07:38
Well, you tell me. If the U.S. dollar can't become worthless, as you say, since it belongs to the citizens of the U.S. (through its central bank) then the government can simply create as many dollars as it wishes, hand them out to the citizens and those citizens can buy all the goods and services produced by the rest of the world, without limit, right?
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:10:29


But that's what I'm trying to tell you. That *is* what happens from the viewpoint of a computer. 
A computer has no concept of time. It only understands conditions. For OKCoin to maintain accounts the system needs to know when some event happens based on some numeric condition. When X condition is met a state changes. Something is *in effect*. Again, computers can't fundamentally distinguish between more than two conditions. This means either an event has happened or it has not.


Yes, again, this is where I'm telling you the technical and financial worlds diverge. Programmers view things being handled from the viewpoint of programs not humans. If you own a brokerage I can see you asking "did those margin calls go out?" at the end of the day and getting an answer of 'yes', and being satisfied all was well, and going home. You're confident because humans, capable of handling all outcomes, were involved. That's not  what happens with computers. If you ask your computer did the margin calls (emails) go out and the answer is yes, you wouldn't think, fantastic everything is fine, because that's only half of the job.
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:45:25


That seems to suggest the only way to compel someone to act is through physical force, which I don't think is true.
@_date: 2015-04-04 10:16:55


That's not the way I remember it. The foundation began as a proposal from Gavin to give Bitcoin a more formal and legal support organization. At the time Bitcoin remaining legal was less clear. Politicians hadn't been exposed to Bitcoin and there was what appeared to be a profiteer claiming the Bitcoin trademark. A foundation could provide better communication and organization for people to query than just a loose group of supporters.
It was basically understood the foundation would largely be a way to give Gavin, who had been working for free, a salary. I thought the foundation was a good idea as far as its intent. I only spoke out against it for fear of potential abuse of power, which back then was more worrisome because Bitcoin was it. No alt-coins were taken seriously for longevity. Litecoin led a small field at $0.04. 
Anarchystar's main complaint seems to be the foundation has run out of money from paying "ridiculous" salaries. I don't know details, but salaries going to core devs was always something the community seemed to want. Beyond that I don't know if anything would be considered "waste". People view things differently. I think the foundation has suffered some PR problems. That combined with a remnant of foundation protesters might be a reason for declining revenue. I don't know.
@_date: 2015-04-20 04:23:47
No, it's only nonsense to you if you don't understand it.
Winning elections, believe it or not, isn't strictly about numbers. Until you can understand why that is there is a lot you may think is nonsense.
@_date: 2015-04-24 01:29:31
Now I guess you're trying to say the Founding Fathers of America actually didn't believe in liberty.
As for the slave owner part, I can't defend that nor would I try. People do stupid things. Nobody is perfect and smart people make mistakes. That doesn't make all their ideas and actions bad, though. Also note Benjamin Franklin didn't own slaves.
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:34:30
I'm not talking about the past. We write our own future do we not? 
Answer my question. Perhaps it simply never occurred to Americans the wonderful situation they're in. You may have just solved a bunch of problems, and we may need to get this news out. What do you say?
@_date: 2015-04-24 12:34:55


The dictionary definition of libertarian is:
*a person who believes in the doctrine of free will.*
The dictionary definition of government is: 
*the governing body of a nation, state, or community.*
That means even if you don't believe there should be any federal government, state government or military at all, at the very least there will be some set of rules for a community/neighborhood of people living together, such as you can't murder or steal. So you believe one of two things. Either there will be so much space between every single human as to never interact, or humans will live together and agree to some minimum set of rules, or *government*. 
Now go ahead and say to be libertarian only means to disregard any other humans. Very little is absolute.
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:23:55
Actually I meant one admin would collect funds for all developers and distribute at once after the fundraiser ended.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:10:55
Never give up! Ron Paul didn't, now look where his son is, a real contender!
@_date: 2015-04-05 20:49:56


History. The Roman dinarii, the German mark, the Zimbabwean dollar, tally sticks, the Argentine peso, the list goes on. Name one fiat system which has *not* lost over 90% of its value over time. Only gold and silver are currencies which over hundreds, even thousands of years have held about the same amount of purchasing power for basic goods and services.
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:25:38


Really? It's okay for me to fault you for not protesting at the courthouse during Ross Ulbricht's trial? 
Even if nobody asked your permission or opinion of constructing the Silk Road?
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:17:01


Don't be fooled by labels, which mean little. Ron Paul and Rand belong to the same party as Jeb and George W. Bush...
In the original article with that quote Rand Paul defines what he feels a libertarian is: someone that believes the market should solve absolutely everything. Him saying he doesn't fit under that definition doesn't mean he doesn't believe in liberty and the Constitution.
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:28:45


From the viewpoint of humans, yes. From the viewpoint of computers, no.
I'm not sure how to explain it another way.
If I use your definition and have my program view a 'margin call' as only a *request* then margin calls have no meaning at all. This is because the account state would remain the same, meaning requiring no action, after the calls went out. It wouldn't matter if a month passed with no action from the investor or giant swings in the market. To the computer everything would be normal. That obviously doesn't work.
I don't think that makes either you or me wrong. Again, it's just a different way of looking at things.
@_date: 2015-04-20 02:21:38
You may be surprised. Many are probably not aware how close Ron Paul came to upsetting Mitt Romney for the nomination in 2012. The primary vote is a beauty contest. Delegates are what matters, and Ron Paul had many. I doubt his support network has vanished.
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:29:01


Yes, I think we're on the same page :)
I agree with your sentiment toward modern Republicans (aka "neo" conservatives). It is ridiculous, but that's the government we currently have, and likely a good reason approval ratings are so low. Rand Paul, again, like his father, is *not* your typical Republican. I'm simply trying to illustrate key differences. 
As for our dysfunctional government, well, that can't always be helped. Politics are messy, and we've got a lot of mess to straighten out. That's why Snowden had to do what he did. That's why our system now favors banks and crony (not real) capitalism. The good news is we have a peaceful way out of it, where anywhere else would almost certainly mean bloodshed.
Just to clarify, I'm in favor of doing things constitutionally, meaning I myself would have signed the letter. At the same time I'm strongly in favor of President Obama's diplomacy. The only thing holding up the show are the RINOs in Congress.
@_date: 2015-04-03 20:15:26


You don't need two devices. He is probably talking about safety from theft. I'm guessing in your line of work being robbed is a concern. 
With cash a menacing guy might demand you produce a "stash" but you could say you don't keep cash around, that you get rid of it every few hours, and there is nothing they can do. Bitcoin works differently. Bitcoin let's people be their own bank, and because it's digital people can access their coins from anywhere with a password, say if using an online wallet like blockchain.info. Bitcoin also lets people see other people's balance with only their public address. They can't spend, but they can see it. A person there with you might demand you provide the password.
For this reason you might always want to use a new public address with a zero balance. You don't need two devices to do it, but it would take some practice for managing them smoothly where you don't lose track of things. As for the password you could say your coins are automatically cashed out, maybe by a friend somewhere. If you have any questions reply and I'll be glad to explain more :)
@_date: 2015-04-20 04:27:15
Say what you like. I'm not necessarily trying to convince *you*. 
I'm commenting for others that may be reading.
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:29:14
I didn't suggest they were gods. I suggested they set up the country along the lines of liberty, which included a national military. My question for you, so I'm clear, is if you think America wasn't set up to be a free country?
@_date: 2015-04-27 14:13:31


AFAIK the verification consists of verifying an email address. It's possible to set up anonymous email accounts.
@_date: 2015-04-07 16:33:50


You have to look beneath the surface to really understand what's going on. I'm also for the president's efforts at diplomacy with Iran. I had to look into whether or not Rand signed [the letter]( He did, so I read it. It makes perfect sense. Rand Paul, like his father Ron Paul, looks at everything through a constitutional lens. Shouldn't we want that of our representatives? Here is the first paragraph of the letter:
"It has come to our attention while observing your nuclear negotiations with our government that you may not fully understand our constitutional system.  Thus, we are writing to bring to your attention two features of our Constitution  the power to make binding international agreements and the different character of federal offices  which you should seriously consider as negotiations progress."  
If you continue reading you'll see it refers to the Constitution several more times. Rand Paul signed it because in principle it aligns perfectly with the Constitution. It *is* the way the American government is *supposed* to work. I think Rand Paul would be in favor of the president's efforts. He just feels that should involve Congress. The real problem is we have so many idiot RINO Republicans (Republican in name only) in office, they would rather go to war than favor peace (also known as being constitutionally conservative).
@_date: 2015-04-06 00:18:44


I'm not going to sit here and list them for you. Do your own research you bastard (sorry, couldn't resist). There are a couple hundred countries in the world. Throughout history the same dirt/land has existed which has been occupied by various govts using various money systems. Often the chosen currency has been by decree of government, or fiat, and all of those, save what paper notes we use today, are worth zero now, unlike gold and silver. Do the math, it adds up to hundreds. Often the extreme devaluation of the currency happens suddenly and unexpectedly, in the prime of an economy as with notable examples I listed.


Yes, that's why I spoke of gold/silver this way. Say one ounce of gold would buy you 10 loaves of bread 100 years ago. It would also 250 years ago and 1,000 years ago. Today it would buy you about 480, the point being by having that ounce in your pocket, no matter what time you existed in you could eat well for a time, having nothing else. Conversely, one dollar would buy you about 10 loaves of bread in 1940 ($0.08 per loaf). Today, less than 100 years later, you'll be lucky to get half a loaf for one dollar. That dollar in your pocket has substantially lost purchasing power (over 90%).


I'll let you in on a secret: money doesn't produce prosperity or economic growth, people do.  Don't believe me? Remove all the humans from planet earth, but leave all the dollars behind. How much economic activity would you see?
The productivity and prosperity of the American people would have happened anyway, due to their own work ethic, ingenuity and system of government, except several decades on there wouldn't be a disappearing middle class, widening gap between the rich and poor and unmanageable debt having had a better monetary system.
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:28:56
But why not? Let me ask you, is the government the people or not? You act like the govt is some separate entity that can't be controlled by the people.
If the government is the people, and people would rather not work than work, and you say the dollar can't become worthless, then why can't U.S. citizens decide to just start passing out dollars to confirmed U.S. citizens, for spending in the rest of the world?
@_date: 2015-04-13 03:18:02


Read my original post. I said the same thing, that Bernanke acknowledged gold as a form of reserve.


This is Ben Bernanke, a tenured professor at Princeton University in the Department of Economics where he chaired the department before leaving to become Federal Reserve Chair of the central bank of the most powerful country in the world, testifying before the U.S. House of Representatives.
Don't fool yourself. Bernanke had a very specific reason for giving that answer. It wasn't because he didn't eat his Wheaties that morning. I'll spell it out. He's downplaying the continued importance of gold.
@_date: 2015-04-05 15:36:10
Under normal circumstances I would agree, but we're not living under normal circumstances. The entire system needs to be hedged against. 
Many have so much debt they can't pay it off any time soon.  It doesn't help much to have a positive change to your net worth and owe 49K instead of 50K, when you'll be in debt at least another decade, and own no gold, silver or bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-04-23 15:04:39


Because that's not the way the world works. You can't volunteer someone else to take on a fight with you. That's wrong.
In principle I support what Edward Snowden, Dread Pirate Roberts (allegedly Ross Ulbricht), and Aaron Swartz did, but to the extent any of these individuals find themselves in unfavorable circumstances for knowingly and willfully breaking laws, whether morally principled or not, that's their own decision. You can't fault anyone else for "not doing more" to help them. You can *wish* they do, or inspire them to, but the minute you *compel* them to you're little better than the adversaries they're protesting against.
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:10:53
This is, I think, without a doubt the most hard to sell of Rand Paul's (or Ron Paul's) positions. It needs explanation.
The thing anyone has to admire about either Paul is their belief in playing by the rules. They didn't cause the world's problems, but they are trying be consistent with both the system of rules and their own convictions, one which promotes liberty and another the protection of life which they believe begins at conception.
In this case Rand Paul is stating he thinks the government has a legitimate role in protecting life. I don't think anybody disputes that. The question then is when does life begin? That's not something with a definite indisputable answer.
The rule system in America says decisions, especially tough ones, should be made at the most local levels. The Constitution outlines a *limited* role for the federal government, leaving the remaining power with the states. At the same time it's acknowledged there are some things which might qualify for constitutional national protection, it's just that such things shouldn't be taken lightly. It's constitutional, but purposely hard, to amend the Constitution. Rand Paul would support a constitutional amendment for what he sees as protecting life which can't protect itself. You might call that radical, but it's also possible to understand the rationalization.
What chance would such a constitutional amendment have of passing? Probably none. That means it's probably not harmful for Rand Paul to be open about his truthful view. The question then is *what else* would he do about it? Would he ban abortion at the federal level with an act of Congress? I don't think so, because that wouldn't line up with his beliefs. It would be an overreach of unconstitutional government. That's what many feel happens now with Roe vs Wade. Instead, the issue would be decided state by state, as outlined in the Constitution. This may not be the answer everyone wants, but it is the way the rule system is set up.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:25:13
Rand Paul, like his father, is highly religious. That's not a prerequisite nor a preclusion from office. The American system of government, the Constitution, isn't based on religion. Someone upholding these ideals can do one thing while in office and anything else in private life.
The problem comes from people imposing beliefs, of any kind, out of line with the Constitution. I think Rand Paul, like his father, believes in sticking to his principles, and being constitutionally conservative. If you listen to what he said in the video you linked he proves this point:
"**Don't always look to Washington** to solve anything ... I think the exhortation to try to change people's thoughts has to come from the countryside, **outside of Washington.**"
His other comments are about his *personal* beliefs for how to address the subject. He's not talking about using any official power to do so. That's the key.
@_date: 2015-04-24 00:05:04


What was the wrongdoing?
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:55:09


No, it doesn't. I didn't say money doesn't store purchasing power to varying degree.


No, barter economies function without money at all. They're just not very efficient.


LOL No. Central banks create the booms and busts. The Federal Reserve was created in 1913 and shortly thereafter inflated the currency for WWI. This created an economic boom, which was actually a bubble, often referred to as the period known as the 'roaring twenties'. The bubble then of course burst resulting in a stock market crash in 1929, which ushered in the Great Depression. Hardly 'stable'.




Between individuals, no, between entire classes in many cases, yes.


Yes, I agree... if we're talking about individuals. The inequality is what provides the incentive to work and risk capital...


No, good social policy. Everyone isn't supposed to have the same thing, if they haven't done the same work and/or taken the same risks etc.


No, but it would better ensure the wealth concentration was well deserved/earned, i.e., by providing some economic benefit in exchange (like manufacturing Model T Fords cheaply, or putting 1,000 songs in someone's pocket), as opposed to an automatic transfer from lower to upper classes as happens with inflation.
@_date: 2015-04-27 14:28:07
Bitcoin can use it all. I advise people participate in ways that align with their strengths/interests. 
If you're technical you can run a full node [properly]( The core network code can use code reviewers. Gavin laments that most people like to write new code whereas few like reviewing code. You can build services to enrich the ecosystem like BitPay or Blockchain.info, making Bitcoin easier to use.
If you're an artist you might create cool works featuring Bitcoin which may attract other artists and related publicity. If you have a valuable skill, like cutting/styling hair or repairing cars you might offer those services for Bitcoin on sites like Craigslist. If you're an established merchant obviously you can start accepting it!
A very valuable thing to do is simply learn. The more informed, diverse and widespread Bitcoin's base of users the more successful the project becomes :) 
@_date: 2015-04-13 02:55:53


Watch the video I linked. Bernanke talks about tail risk when Ron Paul first asks him about the price of gold. Bernanke responds explaining why *people* hold gold, that they may be worried about a major crisis. The portion about central banks comes later on, after Dr. Paul asks if Bernanke thinks gold is money.
@_date: 2015-04-14 17:52:14


No, it matters, but believe it or not I LOVE the lower (perceived) price. I was around when it seemed the price would NEVER go back above $10 (it had spiked to $30 briefly). It took at least a year if I recall. We had many of these same bearish, depressed tired of waiting for nothing posts.
Then something happened. The price broke above $10 again, then $30, then it rocketed to over $200 (and eventually over $1,000). Then you know what happened? You guessed it. There were endless stories of IT'S NOT FAIR! All those early adopters! They hogged the coins to themselves and we have to buy in high! Did I mention it's not fair?!? Nobody seemed to remember all those loooooong stretches when there were coins to be had, right there for anyone's taking, and most seemed not to care. Sound familiar? History repeats itself, quite often.
@_date: 2015-04-05 01:37:50
There is no fund management. We keep it simple. Any core developer willing to be administrator receives a 1% bonus. They provide a public address for the fundraiser. At the end they disburse coins to the core devs as specified. 
I'm sure everyone agrees any of the core devs are trustworthy. None would run away like some exchange or dice site operator, and if anyone can securely collect and resend coins, it's the core devs. There are other trustworthy personalities too, like Andreas Antonopoulos for instance. Any administrator gets a 1% fee.
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:36:29
I'll propose the same thing I did in the original debates at Bitcointalk. We as a community should have a development "money bomb". 
I can't be the only one here familiar with Ron Paul's 2008 presidential campaign setting a single day fundraising record ($6M) and out raising mainstream Republican candidates as primaries were getting started. It was achieved with intense grassroots support, something which would be expected with Bitcoin.
I propose the following: We have a goal to fund Bitcoin core development for 2 years, after which time we can do another fundraiser. We have two categories of developer, part-time and full-time. Two core developers, Jeff Garzik and Greg Maxwell, already get paid to work on Bitcoin I believe. They would qualify as part-time, since they also work on interests of their respective companies. Developers that pledged to commit to full-time work, which might include Gavin Andresen, Pieter Wiulle, and Wladimir van der Laan, would receive 200K/yr. Developers committing to part-time work (such as in the course of other work) would receive 100K/yr. The fundraiser is applicable to "core developers", with the criteria being someone with substantial contribution to core network code. I think Mike Hearn qualifies here, though he doesn't have GitHub push access. Mike left Google to work on Bitcoin projects full-time, so he might pledge for his time to be included.
Three full-time and three part-time core devs gives us a target of 1.8M for two years. We're approaching 200K readers in this subreddit alone! We should be able to raise just under 2M in a single day. Bitcoin is worldwide, and unlike other fundraisers, PayPal and credit card companies don't get a cut. Creating a nice looking website with a countdown meter shouldn't be a problem in this community. The event could be newsworthy: Bitcoin supporters show world how easy, transparent fundraising is done. Gavin I'm sure would be a trustworthy administrator of fund collection and distribution in accordance with the guidelines (admin gets a 1% bonus). Whether the goal was hit or not funds would be distributed proportionally. Thoughts?
@_date: 2015-04-15 11:30:24


No, I'm not that far off. First, I didn't say anything about the current period. I said there was about a year before the price recovered above $10 from the crash from the ATH of $30. Bitcoincharts.com doesn't have complete data, but does show info from Oct 11:  
You can see the price doesn't really break above $10 permanently until August 2012. I was in the community before Bitcoincharts.com existed. Luckily I found an old post of mine where I describe what the price was doing in August 2011:


I said it was around $11.00 in August of 2011. It obviously fell from there and didn't go back above $10 until August 2012. That's about 1 year, as I said.
@_date: 2015-04-22 18:05:02


You're trying to simplify his stance into sound bites. In reality you may agree with him more than you think. I'll give an example, regarding vaccinations. Flu shots I personally don't think are all that wise. I've never had a flu shot, and I can't remember the last time I had the flu (over 10 years at least). Growing up the shots didn't exist, and when I or someone (rarely) got the flu we were down for a few days, dealt with it and came back strong and healthy as our immune systems kicked in and things ran their course. On the other hand I've heard of people having complications with flu shots, it making otherwise healthy people sick. In other words, I think you have to weigh risks for treatment actions. Should people be vaccinated monthly for common colds, allergies, asthma, snake and insect bites, flu, etc. etc.? I mean most stuff is common sense. I'm all for medical progress, but you always weigh choices to fit individual situations.
As for abortion, again, most people would disagree with killing a person that is 5 years old. However, some are okay with abortions that take place shortly before or even after birth. Well, how much before birth is acceptable if that's the line? People have differing opinions usually based on different ways of viewing the world. You can't simply say "he is anti-abortion" without defining what that is. What about cases of rape or incest etc? It's not so important what individual convictions are so much as how those may or may not be enforced to apply over an entire society with differing opinions.
As for trickle down economics, that's a complex topic on its own, and something Bitcoin itself may influence positively. Briefly, it's more accurate to say he believes people should be responsible for themselves, and pull their own weight as opposed to being given handouts. I don't know many people that would disagree with that. The problem is the economic and financial system in America are so out of whack (having crony, not real capitalism), it's not really feasible to expect people on the bottom to survive easily due to economic repression. Most politicians would simply say let's take from the top heavy and give the bottom a few scraps. Rand Paul would say, let's change the system so the bottom actually have real opportunity to change and chart their own destiny. Again, who wouldn't agree with that?
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:21:31


Popular vote isn't what fully controls elections.
@_date: 2015-04-22 15:06:54


I saw your comment in the original margin call thread. Technically, I agree with you. You're right. I just have a problem with how you're saying it, and for what you're not accounting.
If you look at the [original margin call comment]( it says "The margin call remained for roughly 10-12 minutes before getting cleaned up by the OKC MM woodchipper".
I've never used OKCoin, but it seems it's behaving exactly as you describe. You're saying "Bitcoinland" exchanges automatically close (liquidate) positions due to price moving against you, and that's not issuing a margin call, that's simply liquidating. That's not what appeared to happen because it says the call "lasted roughly 10-12 minutes before getting cleaned up". If there was any space cushion, then a margin call *was* in effect otherwise there would have been automatic liquidation.
The semantics problem I believe arises from technological progress, human behavior and expectation. From investopedia, a margin call is:
"A broker's demand on an investor using margin to deposit additional money or securities so that the margin account is brought up to the minimum maintenance margin.
... This is sometimes called a 'fed call' or 'maintenance call.'
You would receive a margin call from a broker if one or more of the securities you had bought (with borrowed money) decreased in value past a certain point. You would be forced either to deposit more money in the account or to sell off some of your assets."
Notice several problems. First, in Bitcoinland there are usually no brokers. You can deal directly with exchanges. Thinking of the word call one realizes it probably stems from a human picking up a phone and calling someone. We're light years beyond that. Not only are there no humans needed, except in some cases the investor, but there are no brokerage office or exchange hours or complicated accounts with multiple assets which might be sold, to cover margin. Instead Bitcoin exchanges are often more exacting, and fast moving, for now. They don't close. They operate 24/7 and often specialize in only a few specific asset types. A margin call simply *wouldn't be expected* to behave the same way. 
A margin notification would be a more apt term in today's highly connected world, since there are often bots interacting with API's and handling account maintenance, no humans involved. In such cases there isn't much time cushion needed for accounts to be brought back to acceptable risk balances. I can't remember how Bitcoinica handled position liquidation. They may have done it as you describe, but OKCoin does seem to be issuing some form of actual margin call based on that comment.
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:46:24


Which is why I originally said "technically, you're right" which you chided me for ;)
@_date: 2015-04-25 18:57:10
Dude, breathe. It's really not that serious. Well, actually, in a way it is because money is important, but don't worry. Bitcoin will inevitably make its way into society. 
Some things don't need selling, like the internet, like Bitcoin, because they are just superior. It's people that understand things early that can benefit over those too stubborn, misinformed, defensive or whatever to see things themselves. 
All you need to do is try to educate in a helpful manner without being emotional or condescending. People listen to those speaking calmly and sensibly. You had great comebacks, but the ponzi accusation is tough. It's hard to prove that to somebody. I might have said, with all due respect there are many that believe in the fundamentals of Bitcoin regardless of price. Most will tell you to not put in more than you can afford to lose, and just start with a little and learn.
@_date: 2015-04-13 03:38:28


I didn't put any words in Bernanke's mouth. Again, watch the video. He's the one that said tradition. He had plenty of opportunity to answer however he wished.
@_date: 2015-04-22 01:14:30
A couple points.
1) a single post and the ability of anyone to upvote doesn't equal "the community"
2) speculating, trading and being expert on financial instruments usually has zero to do with economics. I didn't see any Wall Street traders forecasting the 2008 financial crisis.
@_date: 2015-04-08 14:43:00
I really like the potential of this idea. Anyone with even the slightest interest in this MUST see this Bitcoin Foundation video of Steve Kubby discussing medical marijuana.
Many state are legalizing both recreational and medical marijuana. There would naturally be risks with this type site. It would be tricky to not attract the wrong element on either side, but a site with a real focus on things like natural, if not mainstream, cures could really be something. I think it should be less about doctors charging and more about sharing knowledge. I'm curious about this.
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:35:30
That's an option.
My thinking is more about marketing, though. People donate under some circumstances and not others. I do know people like to think they're part of a group and making a difference, whereas lone individual donations might not seem to have much effect.
In other words, core devs like Jeff Garzik have already said the donations that come in to devs directly amount to little more than beer money.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:03:31
I don't see Trezors as the ultimate destination of Bitcoin security, not in their present form.
I'm hoping two things happen with Trezors. First, their price should decline as happens with technology, and second people should use them to store amounts of say several hundred dollars or so, not several thousand.
I think Bitcoin security will ultimately end up with some sort of multi-signature setup, where users control one part of authorization with other access distributed to online services and/or relatives (maybe a traditional bank too). This way users might keep 'spending money' on some sort of hardware wallet, like a Trezor or a threshold signature phone, while having access to the remainder of their savings when at least two keys are provided. This makes targeting a home worth only as much as might be carried in a wallet.
@_date: 2016-10-02 13:40:42


It could be outright fraud then. If I tell you I have something in my closed hand worth 1 million dollars and you and your friends give me large amounts of money for a piece of that promise, that can be a blatant scam.
@_date: 2015-04-20 04:11:31
I call any over the zero he was expected to get many ;)
I'll put it this way: Ron Paul ran for president three times, the first time in 1988 I believe, and I had never heard of him. I'm pretty sure he got zero delegates then. 
Ron Paul only got exposure and momentum in the age of the Internet, interestingly enough. He came closer to the nomination on his third run than he ever had before. His son Rand is starting out far, far ahead of where Ron Paul ever got.
@_date: 2015-04-20 03:11:38
It depends on what stage you're talking about. Ron Paul, who was always considered "fringe" and non-mainstream, wasn't thought to be able to get any delegates, but he ended up with many.
As the process moves along delegates watch to see which candidate appears to be building momentum, which ones are losing etc, and begin to align with the one most favorable to them. So, for example, as weaker candidates dropped out, like Jon Huntsman, his delegates may have moved to Santorum. The interesting thing about Ron Paul supporters, though, is they typically go all in or nothing, so they can be counted on to be there. If Rand Paul gets an iota of momentum, which he already is at this stage, he could easily pick up a lot.
@_date: 2015-04-13 02:36:10
I didn't read the whole article but there appears to be an omission. Under the section "unwrapping the meaning of 'Reserves'" appears this quote:


Central banks also hold gold in reserve, something former Federal Reserve Chair Ben Bernanke acknowledged. When former [Rep. Ron Paul asked Bernanke]( why central banks held gold he replied "tradition". 
I find that comical. That would be like someone asking why people wear parachutes when jumping out of airplanes and someone answering "tradition".
@_date: 2015-04-13 03:47:58


Before I made my parachute analogy, again, *I said Bernanke acknowledged gold as a form of reserve*. Him giving an additional answer (e.g. "tradition") should implicitly mean he's explaining why that instead of something else.
@_date: 2015-04-20 04:50:46


Every day is a new day. Sentiment was one thing Dec 2007, and another after the 2008 financial crisis, which none of the central planning experts saw coming. If you haven't noticed people are pretty wary of governments these days. Let's see how things go over time...
@_date: 2015-04-07 16:41:08
I sincerely hope you might listen to the following on this very subject recently from Peter Schiff:
[Ep 67: If You're Not Free to Discriminate, You're Not Free](
@_date: 2016-10-14 20:18:07
I like the idea, but... playing devil's advocate I see a couple problems. First, there is some cost to make the bills, the hologram, security features etc. Second, I could see the bills potentially being accepted, but at less than face value, the reason being there is risk which must be figured into the equation. I think the risk is small, but it's there. 
The risk is a number of people, or even you the manufacturer are dishonest and collaborate with the first signature holder (you) to produce bills which together you and the loader (or you and yourself as loader) then know 2 keys and can move the coins WITH THE HOLOGRAM INTACT. Now a merchant has accepted the bill. He sees the hologram is okay. He sees the balance on the multisig shows the bitcoin exists, so he doesn't redeem the bitcoin and stores the paper instead to spend/recirculate. But one weekend the dishonest people run a program which effectively sweeps many numbers of bitcoins from underneath the holograms. Nobody is the wiser until somebody tries to redeem a Bitcoin or checks if the multisig address still holds coin and sees it's no longer there. 
The whole trust model then crumbles as nobody is sure which paper notes have non-compromised keys. The risk of such fraud might be low to moderate, but it exists. That means the paper notes couldn't circulate at full value. At some point it becomes more costly to use the paper version than normal bitcoin wallet use.
EDIT: that risk is present with a dishonest or hacked manufacturer (you). If you somehow convinced people to trust you and your security highly, there is still the risk someone discovers a way to read the signature under the hologram while it appears intact. 
@_date: 2016-10-21 21:00:30


I think some people have so much debt that getting out isn't really an option. I agree it's probably a good idea to hold your wealth outside of banks. As for format, personally, I think a number of things are a good idea. I do think physical cash itself will be valuable at some point, but not necessarily always. I like gold/silver and strong cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. In other words I think people should diversify. Don't put all money into one thing. This is what wealthy people do. I don't think an allocation of precious metals, cryptocurrency, and physical cash will do anybody badly.
@_date: 2016-10-21 19:51:52
I don't think our thinking is all that far apart. I agree with a lot of what you say, or at least the sentiment, if not all the specifics (like there no longer being a stock market). And I definitely don't think you're a moron. I think your knowledge is impressive and that we wouldn't have gotten into this mess if a majority of Americans were as clued in as you are [instead of being ignorant]( of even what the Federal Reserve is.


Well, I am here to argue, when necessary, but not so I can feel right. I'd rather be right (or be corrected) then simply feel right. I don't do it for ego. I do it because I think more accurately informed people is better than less accurately informed people, and if I can help that in any way by typing some words I'll do it. As for what people do with their money I think it's an important topic. People don't pay attention to much (like politics) until there is a problem with economics/money. Money means the difference between life/death for many, between health/illness, between optimism and options or despair. Money isn't the root of all evil as the saying goes. It's a great tool and invention. My wish isn't to try to convince anybody of anything for how they manage their money. That's their business, but if I can add conversational value or information that some find useful in some way I'm glad to do so.
@_date: 2015-11-04 21:53:24


Actually, I'm not sure whether you're aware, but Gavin did acknowledge the possibility of centralization. He said (paraphrasing) in his heart of hearts be believes no cap would be just fine, as miners would self-regulate, *however* he was willing to accept that he might be wrong and risk might exist, hence he considered limiting proposals. This is from memory and it's unlikely I can find that quote now, but I'm pretty sure that's accurate.
@_date: 2016-10-21 19:01:17


No, but they operate in a market and so you must respect market realities. There is no such thing as a guaranteed asset. If there was, there wouldn't need to be a market. Everyone would want it no matter the cost (since it's guaranteed), and if you could produce that asset you'd have virtually guaranteed wealth. The only limiting factor on price would be supply vs demand, and if your production cost was zero (as it is for treasuries) then your wealth would be almost limitless, limited only by the total level of demand. The logical extension would mean Americans (who produce the debt) would gradually gain nearly all the world's wealth until it met the population limit (as again, everyone would want to be a buyer). That obviously isn't the case. There are reasons to buy treasuries and reasons to sell them. Reasons to sell include insufficient ROI (such as compared to inflation) and also risk of default. Whenever sellers greatly outnumber buyers it can lead to a market crash.


That seems a possible outcome, but not necessarily the final outcome.


I agree we should expect to see severe deflation. However, I think hyperinflation can also follow. Having one doesn't mean you're guaranteed to not have the other. One can bring about the other (as governments try to 'help').


Well you can't be sure of it. Unless you have a crystal ball...


I hope you're not implying I called you any of that, because I didn't. I said your statement reflected ignorant reasoning. That's not meant to be an insult. There are many things Albert Einstein was ignorant of which we know today. Everybody is ignorant of something or other.
@_date: 2016-10-02 08:28:27


Greed and ignorance I'd say. It looks like somebody got the idea to combine [multi-level marketing]( with cryptocurrency, if OneCoin really is cryptocurrency (I haven't checked).
Multi-level marketing is essentially a Ponzi scheme. However, some are not purely a Ponzi, in the same way some call Social Security a Ponzi scheme (it will soon be bankrupt), because income can be generated for a time and there isn't anything strictly illegal. It's not that fraud is explicit or intentional; it's more that people don't explain how hard it is to truly make good gains. It utilizes the powerful growth model of people inviting friends and family to join them in the half-way legitimate Ponzi, which exploits trust relationships. So you basically sell out your social connections, whether unwittingly or not. The people in the top ranks can make a lot of income while the scheme runs, though. Companies like Amway or [Mary Kay Cosmetics]( have used the MLM model to run for decades.
@_date: 2016-10-31 23:20:58


A better way to phrase your question is why should you use Bitcoin instead of (or at least in addition to) US dollars or payment systems based on this. There are a lot of negatives I could point out for using dollars or related systems, but I won't right now. I would point to inflation (purchasing power loss), though, which is too obvious to overlook.
The truth is Bitcoin isn't looking for people like you just now, which need to be convinced. The dollar system you use provides advantages more than 70% of the world's population don't have. Bitcoin makes more obvious sense to someone in, say, Venezuela, though where they are experiencing annual inflation of 500%.
But don't think people in privileged circumstances such as you are will never have desire to use Bitcoin/cryptocurrcency which evolves, becomes easier and more useful to use every day. There were people in the 90's that asked why they should buy books online rather than visit physical book stores too. It's still early.
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:13:55


Then Americans don't have to work anymore. Well that's good news.
@_date: 2015-11-08 13:43:50


Oh, come on. I don't think that's it at all. I don't think that's fair. Developers often disagree on best course. I've [mentioned]( I don't think it's a good idea to guess about other people's motivations. I don't know the specific history of XT, but I do know Mike doesn't desire to lead and maintain the project, because he said so. So why does he do it? It's because he's unsatisfied. From his viewpoint the current limitation on Bitcoin block size is unacceptable.


Yes, I know and I think that's important work. So if we agree we're headed for more software diversity do you still see a problem with people being blackmailed, kidnapped, bribed, etc?
From your [other comment](


I think you're striking near the root of the problem.


I don't think that's true. I can't speak for them, but I can speak for myself. I'm in the XT camp and I certainly prioritize things like privacy and censor-resistance. I just don't think these are lost with a reasonable scaling approach. I will admit breaking rank with Mike on fungibility in the past. That's in my view the highest priority. However, I think Mike may have underestimated the possibility of lost fungibility with his thoughts on so-called red lists. To be fair there isn't anything saying his views are any less valid; it's just I'm not prepared to risk it either way. Mike came from a security background so I can understand a bias in that direction.
Gavin's worst offense OTOH is thinking no cap would work fine. I admit breaking rank with him too, but, again, there isn't anything saying he's incorrect about miner self-regulation (isn't that in essence the seemingly popular BIP100?). This is why in my view BIP101 strikes a great balance. There is a hard cap which takes into account expected (based on historical) advancement in technology. Consider this: let's say 1MB was in fact ideal today. Would it remain ideal ten years from now too? Would there be zero improvement in world computing resources? Yet it seems the most conservative on block size are fine with no change indefinitely.


Well, again, I can't speak for them only myself, and I'm not okay with nodes in data centers. However, [I addressed that to you]( and you didn't respond. You didn't counter with flaws in my logic.
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:21:29


In that sentence I originally wrote "think about that for a second and you may understand what I mean."
When I revised and edited my comment I changed 'what I mean' to 'it'. I chose the latter version because it was shorter and I'm mindful of not writing books when writing comments. I felt it was still accurate. I believe the statement I made (that wealth doesn't come from money) was/is true, so saying 'it' makes no difference. The OP asked a question and I answered. I believe I'm entitled to answer in the manner I wish?  
If the statement I made was up for debate I'd agree with you, that it was presumptuous, but I don't think that's the case. I believe the statement is correct :)
@_date: 2015-11-07 22:49:43


Did you not read Mike's answer? Regarding BIP100 he said XT might go along as the alternative is it wouldn't work properly. That says to me he may imagine maintaining XT even if it never reaches over 10% of all nodes. Remember that Bitcoin is a protocol, like TCP/IP, so anything that speaks the language can interact. There can be (and there is) more than one software implementation of the protocol. So what does it matter being in sole control of a software option? Does controlling IE mean Microsoft dictates the internet? Of course not. At the end of the day Bitcoin is made up of the software people choose to run. That's what matters.
Gavin has often said he'd like to see more than one implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, as that makes the overall network more robust. I think he's right. I think part of the reason the two sides don't see eye to eye on blocksize is there are different ways of looking at Bitcoin implementation overall.
@_date: 2015-03-23 16:57:21


Makes no difference to me.


Now you're showing who doesn't understand the software.


Incorrect. After time (after a single inconsistent transaction, actually) there will be definitely diverged chains, and with any majority of miners (over about 50%) supporting a chain it will become definitely longer, which is what nodes will take to be valid. The minority fork will die, unless, that is, a determined group intentionally supports it. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 14:40:13


Let me clarify that statement. 
First, there are two types of Bitcoin developers. There are "core developers" which have major influence on what the software powering the Bitcoin network does, and there are ecosystem developers, programmers that create software and services that run on top of the network, like exchanges, wallets, or providers like BitPay. 
There is differing support community wide for Gavin's proposal, with many ecosystem developers, who are as key as core developers, in clear support. Within the group of core developers that have push access to the Github code I don't think it's accurate to say there is zero support. It's more accurate to say there is not yet (and may never be) unanimous consensus it's the right thing to do. It doesn't take unanimous consensus to make a change. So long as no significant portion of developers vociferously object it's possible to proceed (it would still be possible, just more messy). Gavin is still working on gaining as much agreement as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-27 03:04:16
I think it can be part of the solution, not the full solution. 
I said long ago off-chain transactions would be key to helping Bitcoin scale. It's trivial for a clearinghouse running a central database to process hundreds of thousands of transactions of any size per second. Not only would certainty of validation be faster, it would allow for more user friendly interfaces, e.g. pay to email addresses rather than cryptic looking alphanumeric strings.
The problem with any centralized solution is it places pressure on the central entity. There is the obvious issue of security, but also political pressure from financially "protective" governments. Externally users would lose certainty over fractional reserve practices and ability for payments to be blocked. For this reason I think centralized payment processors should be larger in number, spread out, and not take on critical transaction loads. Such services might profit from transactions fees and possibly ad revenue. 
I think the Lightning Network can improve on the central clearinghouse model. The security of payments seems to be built in, but there might still exist political pressure on payment hubs. There would be no worry over fractional reserve, but ability to decline transactions would still appear to exist.
In either off-chain model users would still be glad to be able to fall back on the direct P2P Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2015-03-23 17:20:35


Again you're showing your ignorance.
Gavin's proposal implements the fork only after 800 of last 1,000 blocks reflect the new version, meaning a supermajority of mining hash power already supports it. In that case 6 confirmations remains sufficient.
@_date: 2015-03-22 16:31:47


Yes, that's right, but there is a cost. Nothing is free. It's just that the cost is hidden, not obvious.
The truth is that wealth doesn't come from money.
Think about that for a second and you may understand it. When you  have money, that's not really what you want. You can't eat it. You can't ride on it. What you really want is the things money can buy, and those things come from other people. Real wealth comes from people, the things they produce.
That means if a government simply creates money from thin air, the same money its citizens use, then the *wealth* is stolen/transferred from the people. The people don't notice because the money itself looks the same. However, the missing wealth is reflected in a deteriorating economy and rising prices.
@_date: 2016-10-12 21:04:31


LOL This is why I no longer worry about debating a block size increase. You really think there will be consensus on something? Nobody will say 'wait! I want 0.1585 as a perfect solution!'. Utter ridiculousness. It's apparent to me the only thing guaranteed with a cryptocurrency is you'd better design all the features you want for it at the start, because decentralized management will result in endless stalemates or spin-off forks, but never a consensus move forward. The market is already putting forward various approaches to resolve decentralized cryptocurreny scaling. I think the future is bright. We just need to keep pushing forward and try not to kill off each other completely in the meantime with endless bickering and ego.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:08:14


You're missing the point. He said there is only **one dollar in existence**, but you owe that back plus interest. If you give the dollar back to the person you owed how can you "work or trade to earn back the rest" as you say, when there exists no more anywhere?
@_date: 2015-11-24 16:25:07
This is written by Senator Ron Wyden (D. Oregon). Senator Wyden was one leading the charge trying to expose the government's illegal domestic data collection programs. By serving on the Select Committee on Intelligence  Senator Wyden was privy to some of the breaches of programs, but was legally prevented from saying anything. It took Edward Snowden's revelations to bring those programs to light, while at the same time catching the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, in an outright lie to Congress, which is a felony.
[Ron Wyden's exchange with Director of National Intelligence James Clapper](
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:05:21


I agree and disagree. 
I agree about the grandstanding, but disagree about the uselessness because it leaves a voting record.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:55:38


I thought I already addressed this.


Where do you get 1M tps? My figure was 80K. I think one txn per person per day is enough, as people don't transact some days, not to mention other payment options still being available.


Looking out for Joe Average is the whole point of the block size argument. In fact, it might be the point of Bitcoin itself. We have more than enough technology today for the world's population to transact globally with mobile phones, if they use services like PayPal, for example. I'm not sure what value you see in bothering with Bitcoin if you're only concerned with whether people have a technical means to transact.


First, what estimation are you talking about? Second, if you don't use real world conditions today as a basis, what do you use? For the record I'm in *favor* of increasing block size in accordance with [Gavin's Scalability Roadmap]( This says we go to ~20MB block size immediately and increase it 40% per year (double it per 2 year) for 20 years and stop. We do this with the rationalization that our starting point is okay at today's bandwidth, and bandwidth will improve over time in accordance with [Nielsen's Law]( which is 50% growth/yr.
@_date: 2015-03-22 23:18:19
The address you provided doesn't show any transactions:
Are you sure Cryptsy sent your coins out? Withdrawing coins on Cryptsy takes several things. You have to re-enter your account password, a CAPTCHA verification, and then confirm the request at your email account. If you didn't do all these steps I'm pretty sure Cryptsy didn't send out anything.
@_date: 2015-03-28 15:21:06


Pruning nodes can store as much of the blockchain as desired, but it's only necessary to store about 2 weeks or so of history and still be a fully validating node. The amount of data stored is only contingent on how deep one imagines block reorganizations might go. It's hard to imagine a reorganization over even one day, let alone a week. So storage isn't a problem.


No, nodes with pruning don't change their behavior in any way other than ceasing to store old transactions no longer needed. 
@_date: 2015-03-08 01:05:28


The point isn't a balloon payment. The point is the money can't be everywhere at the same time... because the indebted money doesn't exist. Therefore, at some point it becomes exceedingly unlikely a debtor can keep up payments on time and not default.
In the case of the national debt, interest rates are determined by bond yields, which must go up as appetite for bonds (debt) decreases. As interest rates increase, the US govt must use more of its budget to pay just the interest on the debt, leaving less for other government areas, like entitlements or departments and programs employing thousands.
@_date: 2015-03-07 12:52:08


Maybe the disconnect is people not understanding the difference between true conservatism and those who only wear that label. I didn't say neo-conservatives. I said conservatives. For example, many think George W. Bush and Mitt Romney are conservative, though they both support big government, bailouts and central banks.
@_date: 2015-11-15 22:28:27


Mixers shouldn't be used *solely* to attempt to break links. Right now it takes effort to have really high anonymity in Bitcoin. It's like security which exists on a scale from none to very high but is never perfect. If you have a lot of attention on you, say like Silk Road operator or Snowden level tracking, then you really need to know what you're doing. No, in that case one mixer isn't sufficient. First, because the mixing pool may not be large you may get some of the same coins back you started with. Second, you should imagine the mixer is being watched, and a certain number of coins going in at one time, and a certain number coming out at another can be inferred to be related. Both of these problems magnify when doing higher volume.
The better way to properly mix coins is do smaller amounts and link several things together. For example, start with original coins -&gt; to mixer 1 -&gt; to  new anon (web) wallet -&gt; anon exchange (eg BTCe) -&gt; another wallet (eg block.io) -&gt; gambling site -&gt; coins are now clean. Add another mixer/anon step to be sure.  The point is the more steps the better. The higher level of scrutiny the more transfers should be done. If you're careful though very high anonymity can be achieved.
@_date: 2016-10-21 17:51:29


This kind of incomplete/ignorant reasoning is why there are bubbles nobody can see until after they pop, such as the bubble in housing where the market for the triple A rated mortgage-backed securities was hot, hot, hot.. until it was not. In any market there is a limit to the number of buyers and sellers. The ratio of buyers to sellers as well as the absolute number of both is what determines the price of an item. Just because an item sells today at a certain price doesn't mean it will sell next week, or the next day at the same price because the more the item sells the less likely there will be the same number of buyers. Once a person has bought they are less likely to buy more. When the number of sellers tips to largely outweigh the number of buyers the market crashes. Jesus. The number of times we've seen market crashes throughout history including the famous stock market crash of 1929 which ushered in the Great Depression, you'd think people would eventually learn a bit about how markets work.


At some point that could probably have been said for many stocks on the market in 1929 before Black Tuesday when previous buyers turned into sellers or for A rated mortgage-backed securities before the 2008 financial crisis. Obviously you can't have a bubble without high demand. That's what makes it a bubble. I'm not saying the US treasury market will crash tomorrow or next week. I don't know that. Nobody can know that. I'm just pointing out the obvious flaw in your reasoning.
@_date: 2015-03-29 10:02:56
I highly recommend some precious metals too, as they are proven stores of value. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:32:03


Not exactly. A big enough attacker can cause significant disruption to the Bitcoin network, for a time. It's not really possible to destroy a protocol.
Bitcoin works by a careful balance of incentives, game theory, and monetary principles. It's the last item that is in many ways, to me at least, the trickiest, because any successful currency requires a degree of confidence in its value, which is where most damage could occur. 
Bitcoin gains confidence from its properties and expectation of secure transactions. Since arbitration in Bitcoin is determined by majority of hash power (to present proof-of-work) an attacker with adequate resources could cause trouble, but as you know can't do *anything*.
To say Bitcoin would succumb to a hash power attack is to accurately call in advance the reaction of the entire market, the community, and futility of all defensive countermeasures which might be deployed, over time. Exchange rate drops historically haven't [killed Bitcoin]( so it might not be as simple as having one "big joker". 
Edit: BTW, while I'm replying to you, I was glad to watch your MIT presentation, but disappointed at what appeared to be disingenuous political representations. You said a Russian user not able to keep up with 20MB blocks would be excluded from Bitcoin participation, which of course isn't true in the slightest. It's more accurate to say the user might not be able to run a full node, but that's not the same as not being able to run an SPV client, or heck even use SMS texts to send and receive coins using [Coinapult]( requiring no network connection at all.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:58:18


You seem to be part of a small group, which includes no core developers, that believes that.


Which part of what you say do I not understand? Probably none that I care to.
@_date: 2015-03-09 06:08:11
I'd have to watch again, but my recollection is you were not describing that use case directly in the context of your PayPal example. My apologies if you were.


Do you really believe that? How many average users can effectively mine on home computers now? I think there are many ways to participate in Bitcoin. There is no way in the world the majority of Bitcoin users will all run fully validating nodes which mine, unless Bitcoin remains forever limited to a niche group of geeks, which for some reason trade with each other economically. 


It's only useless so long as an insurmountable attack persists.
@_date: 2015-03-28 15:02:07


That's the history of what has happened. The scalability problem comes from keeping up with what happens. 
@_date: 2015-03-30 00:51:17


Right. Since unlike then we don't use money politicians can debase. /s
@_date: 2015-03-26 17:37:19
Well, the value of a CD could go to zero if, for instance, there was a large gash or crack across it.
Some here may not appreciate there is a lot of history and emotion surrounding gold. Humans have valued it for thousands of years. Gold has been used for jewelry, as a store of value, to facilitate monetary transactions as well as convey wealth. Additionally it has real world industrial use. It's this long indisputable history, as well as gold's natural characteristics which make it fantastic money (portable, fungible, divisible etc.), which give people well placed faith in its ability to be valued by others, for the foreseeable future.
The one problem with gold is governments found a way to escape its natural govt restraining powers as a personal store of wealth. They saw people found it was more *convenient* to work with paper. Well, that was all governments needed to go off to the races. Gold has failed to restrain governments stealing wealth from people through inflation. That, in my mind, is where Bitcoin comes in.
@_date: 2016-05-02 09:06:01


That's what happened. The people selling the PC to the OP were aware they were transferring ownership of the PC and its contents to him. It's like if you sell a piece of land to somebody and they later strike oil. You can't go to court saying you didn't know the real value of the land and you want it back. It doesn't work like that.


I didn't. Like it or not YOU can't tell me what I meant. Only I can do that. When I debate someone I try to be accurate. That's all. If a person seems to be mistaken or unaware of something and I say it, that's not me trying to be offensive, just trying to be accurate. Should I hold in arguments and points so I don't risk offending someone? That's not the point of debates. What I said was relevant. It was a direct response to your statement about transfer of property upon death, which is exactly the subject of the thread. If you don't want to accept my offered apology that's you.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:25:52


First, let's not talk about "budget" because that's another word game which muddles the dialogue. President Clinton "balanced the budget", but not by my definition. There are "off budget" and on budget items which get moved around, but even simpler: if you owe more than you're taking in, like any typical household, your budget is not balanced. Under Clinton the U.S. debt did decrease a fraction, but was by no means erased, and is now astronomical in comparison.


I agree Congress votes to spend money before approving the debt to finance the spending. Perhaps that political hypocrisy is a reason for such low approval ratings.
@_date: 2015-03-01 23:27:10
This is a very good point, but I don't expect it to occur as much with cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. 
For all the great things gold has going for it the one area it's exceptionally weak is portability. Paper representations of gold in the marketplace is how we ended up with paper money in the first place. Cryptocurrencies are of course fundamentally different, and as easy to deliver as email. I expect enough people to demand delivery, or at least proof of reserves, to keep a limit on fractional reserve practices.
@_date: 2015-03-23 16:18:06


I understand it quite well, thank you. You need to brush up on how people should be advised to handle network transactions. Double spending isn't a software issue. Bitcoin correctly weeds them out. Double spends, however, can happen if people *incorrectly apply* the information the software tells them. MtGox may have done this with transaction malleability. People are told (at least from people like me) not to treat a transaction as permanently valid without sufficient block confirmations. There should be at a minimum 6 for high value txns, and more is better. Anyone waiting for 100 confirmations (about 17 hours), say for selling a gold bar for instance, would not have been double spent against, even with the accidental hard fork in 2013.


Replacing all currency and being available globally are not the same thing. I don't think I need to say much about what people think regarding Bitcoin and global usage. It's well understood, with things like remittance services for instance.


You implied Gavin doesn't have a clue. Don't try to clean it up now that I've called you out.
@_date: 2015-03-29 16:33:03


I completely agree. Maximum freedom is something individuals experience for themselves, so to achieve that this is where power must reside.
It's quite interesting for me actually seeing the system trying to correct itself today, having drifted out of whack. We're seeing states assert their rights, for example, with marijuana laws which are still illegal at the federal level, and sheriffs (a constitutionally created position) protecting businesses from federal raids. President Obama has backed off. Utah and I think a few other states have made silver and gold coins legal tender, as they are in the Constitution...
There is a proverb, I think Chinese, which says "may you live in interesting times". Well, we've got that.
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:40:26
I disagree. We're saying the same thing, but I think there is a key distinction.
The problem is politicians get elected by telling people what they want to hear, aka govt. welfare, entitlements and jobs, or FREE stuff. Creating a voting record on that doesn't deter politicians, who want to be re-elected, from voting accordingly.
The debt ceiling communicates to people how much they need to pay, how much they owe, aka you have to pay for that "free stuff". That's why conservative politicians want to appear *opposed* to profligate spending. A voting record of YEA here, is NOT politically tenable, not if people actually start watching, that is. 
It's hypocritical, which is why the record needs to be there.
@_date: 2015-03-26 16:41:55
Peter Schiff is close. He acknowledges Bitcoin's strengths, and comparisons with gold. He also acknowledges how Bitcoin is undeniably *better* than gold for portability (and storage too).
Peter's sticking point is with intrinsic value. Technically, he is right. I agree with him. Bitcoin has much greater chance of going to zero than gold does. However, what he misses is only a few things can happen which would drive Bitcoin's price to zero. One would be an insurmountable flaw in its security, which is based on math, where risk is somewhat calculable. Another is replacement by some superior alternative cryptocurrency. That's also unlikely (a handful may co-exist and complement, but not likely replace). Any problem beyond these two has diminishing chances of driving price to zero, maybe lower but not zero.
Once one understands how hard it is to drive Bitcoin's price to zero, it only then takes the merest imagination and logic to see how it derives intrinsic value. In a world of top heavy governments, which will not change soon, and fiat currency, which repeatedly resurfaces and fails, a money which is resistant to jurisdictional regulation and confiscation, yet a better form of transaction currency than gold has clear *intrinsic value*, and will so long as corruptible governments exist.
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:44:47
I think you missed the joke. Geeks come up with highly intelligent, sophisticated and complex defense systems, and smile about their cleverness, only to have someone think of a way bypass it all using something simple. :)
@_date: 2015-03-06 22:27:07
I've mentioned this before, but someone, I think [Matt Miller]( from Bloomberg, said there is an inversely proportional relationship between age and acceptance of Bitcoin. The older you are the less likely you are to "get it", and the reverse is true. I think that's accurate in many/most cases.
I consider it hugely impressive that former Rep. Ron Paul, a long time gold/hard money advocate, well into his seventies, can entertain Bitcoin as being feasible as easily as a youthful IT worker.
@_date: 2015-03-27 11:24:16
I don't know if he writes frequently, but Marco Santori wrote the following Coindesk article and gave an excellent talk at MIT Bitcoin Expo 2014.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:58:14


Not much because they can still crack safes, physical ones. People exist in the real world. The only thing encryption protects is information. It's still possible to place people under surveillance, collect forensic evidence, etc. 
Overbearing governments simply like control and easy security, even at the expense of liberty and pathways to tyranny. Yet when the government abuses its power, well, that's okay. This guy is talking about what needs to be "fixed", but when the director of the NSA, James Clapper, [lies to Congress]( which is a **felony**, well, I guess he sees no problem there. 
In the struggle for power between government and people I feel safer with a tilt in favor of the people.
@_date: 2015-03-23 17:57:23


This is ridiculous. You could pose the exact same hypothetical, that a large block of miners are malicious, *right now*, in which case no bitcoin transactions should be considered valid without many, many confirmations, because the malicious ones could break ranks and extend an eventually longer chain. What I said still holds true: the more confirmations the better; get 6 at a minimum and several more when you feel it's warranted.
Miners have incentive (and real world cost) to not act maliciously, but in a way which supports the network. You won't find many willing to cut off their nose, and profits, to spite their face.
It seems no matter what I say you're going to have a response, but I've got to get some work done so I'll let you have the last word.
@_date: 2015-03-07 01:46:22


I disagree. He has an opinion on what qualifies as money. I've listened to him directly on more than one occasion discuss Bitcoin. So that I don't misquote him, anyone can listen themselves, for example to this 10 min interview with the CEO of Amagi Metals (which accepts Bitcoin):
When I say he entertains Bitcoin as being feasible I don't mean he has explicitly endorsed it. I only mean he hasn't spoken negatively of it as many have vehemently (looking at you Peter Schiff). 
Dr. Paul knows many people listen to and respect what he says, so I think he tries to be careful. He's talked about his skepticism on Bitcoin stemming from not being able to hold it, look at it and see what it is; as he's been studying money a long time he doesn't think Bitcoin fits the definition. I'm actually inclined to agree. I think money, if we're talking about sound money, must be a safe store of value long term. Bitcoin doesn't meet that, not yet. Gold fits that far, far better as people have confidently used it this way for thousands of years. However, what Bitcoin does have going for it is it makes a better currency IMO. It beats PMs as a currency because it's far more portable. At the same time it doesn't suffer arbitrary inflation as fiat money does, making it a better choice for those interested in that. Where I credit Dr. Paul is that he can maintain his views on recommending gold/silver, while not speaking negatively on Bitcoin, which IMO means he considers it feasible. He'll wait and see.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:47:00


What if there are more than two people in the world, and your debt of $200 is split evenly between two creditors ($100 each), and your payment is due to Creditor Number 2 at the end of the same week you must work the 10 hours at Creditor Number 1?
You might say, no problem, just work 10 hours at Creditor Number 1 and 10 hours at Creditor Number 2 in the *same week*.
But with only $100 cash in existence it's unlikely you would earn 1/10 of that per hour ($10/hr). It would be more like 1/100th or $1/hour. Now you'd have to work 100 hours in one week just to pay one creditor... There's going to be a default somewhere.
Interest and debt has a time component.
@_date: 2015-03-07 04:45:04


This is why you don't treat this sort of advice as a typical investment, but rather a way of thinking. You don't try to time the market. You simply do what you know is logically prudent. Stocking up on precious metals and emergency food/water is really never a loss. You can always eat the food, and PMs historically hold purchasing power over the long term. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 16:38:57


You seem to not be aware of the crux of the block size debate. 
It's not that people can't come up with nodes which can handle the volume; it's that people of even **average or modest** means should be able to handle the volume, being independent full nodes. The further away you move from the bottom rung of people toward financially privileged and elite, the more the system looks like the financial system we have today, the very thing Bitcoin is supposed to be in opposition to.
The reason even intelligent people disagree over how to handle block size is nobody can be certain how rapidly technology will become cheap enough to allow most areas of the world to have capacity needed for Bitcoin at global population usage. Technology always gets cheaper, but it's the rate at which this occurs that people don't or can't know about.
@_date: 2015-03-11 21:13:37


None of this needs change. Currently full nodes bootstrap into the network and become fully archiving, fully validating nodes. It's not necessary to maintain the former to get the latter. All you need is the UTXO set which can be gotten and computed from archival nodes which are certain to exist, so you don't even need to rely on UTXO commitments.


Untrue. Nothing changes except the amount of the blockchain you can deliver.


DoS attacks - it wouldn't be possible to attack/alter the actual blockchain - wouldn't prevent the information ultimately becoming available. You simply don't need every single node on the network to fully store the exact same thing.
EDIT: anyway, the quality of this subreddit seems to be declining, which often happens as communities grow. It's discouraging to take time to try putting forth thoughtful explanations only to have people downvote without the decency or ability, I guess, to reply with their disagreement. It's probably no longer worth me bothering to post.
@_date: 2015-03-28 15:28:25
I didn't say the UTXO set isn't needed. I said the scalability problem comes from keeping up with what happens.
@_date: 2015-03-30 00:58:19


Excellent suggestion. In fact I think the best economists also know history.
@_date: 2015-10-05 10:19:01


I didn't realize that had occurred. I want to apologize for that on behalf of the XT subreddit. Please understand one user does not represent the whole of any subreddit. I found the comment from Vibr8gKiwi entirely inappropriate. The profanity alone speaks to the maturity of the user, without even getting into the respect one should have at a minimum for your contributions to Bitcoin and your professionalism.  I hope you'll reconsider. Having disagreements shouldn't mean the inability to have respectful discourse.
@_date: 2015-03-28 03:52:56
Relevant: 
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:16:00


Name something problematic for society a DAC did you wanted to stop.
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:27:26
We will see. As Peter Schiff says in the video gold has been valued by humans for thousands of years. That's more than "a few generations". Bitcoin is revolutionary, to be sure, but gold is likely to stick around.
@_date: 2015-03-08 18:06:31


Agree with this. I think it's a Holy Grail type item. Bitcoin can have different use cases and not all involve safely storing large amounts of money. Many may simply use it for shopping. 
The truth is a short rectangular card which can be swiped or otherwise processed is an incredibly easy and convenient pay method to use. I'm not talking about security here, just what is intuitive and super convenient. It's our job (those who work with technology) to make technology fit usage expectation as best we can, not the other way around.
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:42:43


Yes it is as he's in control of the property now.


I don't mean to insult you and apologize if you took any offense. That's not my intention. I was just pointing out what has realistically happened in the world, probably since life first emerged. People kill for things. People take advantage of the loss of influence which occurs upon others' deaths. That's just life.
@_date: 2016-05-02 00:30:21


I usually don't comment on this sub but can't resist. I disagree with that analogy. With 2nd hand clothes there is a chance the owner is still alive. In that case for nontrivial amounts I'd say make the find known and hope for a reward, or at least a gracious thank you. 
In this case the owner of the bitcoins is dead. People assume people always want their next of kin to inherit their things, but not necessarily. Not all family members like each other and want to pass over valuables. There would need to be a will transferring the bitcoins IMO. That's unlikely in this case and for this amount I wouldn't bother.
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:45:53


I completely agree: it all goes somewhere. In this case it goes to the OP. ;)
At issue is *ownership*. When someone dies who gains rightful ownership of their possessions? Egyptian kings tried to take it with them, of course, and, indeed, tombs were robbed. The point is there is a sort of free-for-all for those left in the here and now. That's why wills are important, as they clear up ambiguity. The OP legally (as far as we know) bought that property. In Bitcoin the owner of private keys fully owns the coins, so it would be like the OP bought clothing of the deceased and found a roll of $100 bills in a pocket. Are you saying he's obligated to turn that over to the state? I wouldn't agree.
@_date: 2015-03-09 04:11:35
Okay, now I think I understand what you're saying.
The problem with what you're saying is the type information you're talking about has no *liquidity*. You can't sell it to anyone easily. It's only valuable in specific cases. A love note, for example, is the same. The info contained in a sealed love note could be the most valuable thing in the world to a man, coming from a lady he intended to marry, but let someone try to *sell* that information to anyone other than the man. There is no value there.
It's different with Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a globally recognized asset of value which can be exchanged directly for goods and services of value, or other currencies of value, with increasing availability.
@_date: 2015-03-29 19:34:02
I agree, but I see precious metals as saving accounts and cryptocurrencies like checking accounts.
Most people don't and won't understand cryptocurrency for a long time, how to secure it properly, when volatility may settle down etc. Precious metals in this regard are more in people's natural understanding and realm of comfort.
@_date: 2015-03-29 15:13:46
Yes, there is a reason they say history repeats itself. 
It's because in general the way people behave doesn't seem to change much.
@_date: 2015-03-08 01:06:28


I don't understand what you're asking (or proposing) here.
@_date: 2015-03-11 19:35:06


That's interesting, because I think it's exactly the opposite. I think Bitcoin is a social system (property rights, value transfer and rules) implemented through software. 


I don't follow you on the incentives of running a full node which takes up more storage space versus running one which takes up less storage space. What am I missing?
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:50:38


You won't find a clear legal answer strictly for Bitcoin as I replied elsewhere. In a court a judge would probably treat it as if you bought clothing of the deceased and later found $100 bills in a pocket. Find out what happens in that case, and that's your probable legal answer.
@_date: 2015-03-29 16:03:31


Actually, that's the reason we're a republic (we exercise power through elected representatives), as opposed to a pure democracy a.k.a mob rule. 
The Constitution is aimed at avoiding the possibility of tyranny of a *minority* (as in bankers, corrupt men/politicians etc) over the majority. It does this by *attempting to* limit the size of the federal government and instead shop power out to states and local governments (Tenth Amendment).
@_date: 2015-03-07 16:04:50


Well, since the U.S. is not a colony of England, and the definition of conservative is "cautious about change", then what are U.S. politicians who claim to be conservative cautious about changing from?
But you're right. I should spell it out. I mean a **Constitutional** conservative.
@_date: 2015-03-23 15:58:12


This goes to show you don't understand the difference between a soft fork and a hard fork.


There would be no double spending for anyone that cared to be informed. The software for the side of the fork a person chose to be on would recognize and reject double spends and invalid transactions as normal. What you don't seem to understand is a weighted fork would have most impact on the exchange rate, not any technical confusion about double spends.


The block size issue isn't only a technical issue. If it was it would be easier to solve.


Bitcoin was always sold to people as being a **global** payment system. Whether it goes "to the moon" or not isn't the issue, because I think it's important for Bitcoin's mining security (against governments, financial elite) that a large portion of the world participates with hash power. That only happens if Bitcoin services a large portion of the world, which it can't at 1MB blocks (3 transactions per second).


Again you're showing your lack of appreciation for the problem. If that was a solution to the block size everything would already be solved...


You seem to have an affinity for ad hominem attacks.
@_date: 2015-03-23 15:32:05
That's probably true, but again, it depends how you define smoothly. Politics is messy.
@_date: 2015-03-09 00:35:28
Well, I'm inclined to agree with you there. 
For example, Senator Ted Cruz is a heck of a lot more conservative than modern neo-conservatives of the mold of George W. Bush, Mitt Romney, John Boehner etc. Unfortunately, I think it's his religious convictions which cause him to break with actual constitutional conservatism (which says we mind our own damn business and tend our own garden) and be as much as a war hawk on matters of Israel and Iran etc. as a typical neo-conservative like Rick Santorum. That's truly unfortunate. (actually the Constitution doesn't say that, but it is the advice of the founders)
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:13:57


open == ceiling
@_date: 2015-03-11 20:44:52
The bigger burden would be full nodes using more storage space. That's when people might be inclined to use SPV clients. I'm fairly certain Peter would rather people ran full nodes than SPV clients, so that doesn't reconcile with him being against transaction pruning.
@_date: 2016-05-02 09:47:15


Thanks for the link. I found it interesting (I always find this sort of legal thing interesting). You're right that in Arizona it says the court determined the estate owned the cash because they didn't intend to transfer it. However, I'd note the estate owners had previously found similar hidden goodies as it was their father's pattern to hide valuables. I think that's the key that weighed on the decision. They simply missed a hiding place.
However, say the house was sold to their father already containing hidden cash from a PRIOR family, and the father died. Would his daughters still be able to claim the cash, or the newest owner? Would the court say the earliest owners must be found, so that no later owners could lay claim? See the slippery slope? At some point the property and all its effects must be considered transferred. At the end of your article it says a court in Oregon sided with that point of view: 
*"an Oregon appeals court has overruled a lower court and determined that the new owner may keep the windfall."*


To be clear I don't *hope* to offend people when I debate them. If they happen to be offended I may regret that (hence my apology), but I wouldn't redo history and retract my words. Any apology is more of the form that perhaps I didn't take enough care to phrase things in a sensitive manner. But again that's not exactly the point of debates.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:09:56


Average global download speed is 22.7 Mbps and upload 10.3 Mbps.


What is the 8 in your statement here? When I provide figures I make it easy to follow along what the numbers represent. But, yes, substantial bandwidth requirement is my point.


Why do you think an ethernet card is solely what determines what bandwidth a consumer can realize?


IO is a problem too, but it's easier to optimize individual devices than it is external connections, for example, by adding more computing cores and addressable memory.
Edit: never mind about the 8, I just realized it was for the conversion of byte to bits.
@_date: 2015-02-08 02:45:39
I believe you. 
I know nothing about 999dice.com, but the 0.1% house edge is what convinces me. I just confirmed on their site they offer 0.1% house edge, which is crazy, and as you say is the reason you started betting there instead of popular established sites like primedice.com.
Right now not many dice sites are making much money if I understand correctly, judging by posts stunna from PD made, because the field is too crowded. That means if PD profits $1,000 per day (1% house edge, provably fair)  999dice profits $100 (.1% house edge, if provably fair). If PD profits $500/day, 999dice profits $50/day and that's if 999dice is AS BUSY as PrimeDice - the current  dice site! If they are slower they profit even less.
Running a dice site is a burden. You have to deal with the normal operations - bugs, security, customer service, marketing, operating costs etc., and that doesn't account for legal risks, the reason Just-Dice.com shut down. Running at .1% wouldn't be worth it under any scenario I can see - unless it wasn't actually provably fair.
I don't know the truth behind this incident, but your description of the roundabout code verification and hidden-hash-check and 0.1% house edge is enough to convince me alone. Legitimately provably fair sites make it *easy* to prove fairness, because that's a selling point.
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:14:08


It has people who are the *legal* beneficiaries, not necessarily the rightful ones. 
Again, my point is not everybody wants their things passed to certain people upon death. That happens by default when there is no will. In this case the people *in control* of the estate weren't close enough to the deceased to be willed the coins explicitly (unless it was an oversight/careless planning etc).


You don't seem to know much about world history. Why do you think there is so much violence and war?
@_date: 2015-03-30 17:41:29


Correct, and thank you for explaining this. I get so annoyed with people so impatient for faster validation solutions they're willing to overlook or be ignorant of double spend risks.
That said, I would add at this stage in Bitcoin's life, with block reward of approximately $6K of value, it's a fair financial risk for miners to withhold found block information to collude in a double spend. The transaction in question would need to be of comparable value to risk it, as each passing second would mean higher risk of losing the $6K reward.
I like to tell people, for simplification, always get at least 1 confirmation, as that will nullify most possible fraud attempts, and more confs are better. If someone has the technical understanding of how it's likely safe to accept 0 conf transactions, or work with a service that specializes in it (for example, by checking adequate tx fee, network exposure etc.), then that's okay, especially for smaller amounts, say sub $1K.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:09:45


Not if technology gets cheaper over time on its own. The world will eventually be able to handle global transaction rates on Bitcoin, just as many globally, even in remote villages, now have access to mobile phones more powerful than the computer in the first spaceship to land on the moon. We just don't know how long it takes to get there. In the meantime we try to optimize as much as we can and accommodate as much transaction volume as is safely possible. The block size is a contentious debate because 'safely possible' is a matter of opinion.


Again, it's as if you imagine people like me, Gavin, or anybody else hasn't considered SPV clients, and have been wasting our time stressing over block size for years as that didn't occur to us.
The problem is in Bitcoin there are only two forms of power (simplifying). One is mining and the other is being a fully validating node.  What constitutes Bitcoin is what the *people* say constitutes Bitcoin. However, at the technology level there are no people, there is only game theory and actionable influence (like forwarding, validating, and determining blocks). If you run a full node you have real world influence and power in Bitcoin, the same with mining. Anything less and you don't. People have every right to give up power, but it's not the smartest thing, as history has shown, for their own interests over time.
I hate to reference Peter Todd's recent MIT Bitcoin Expo talk on scalability because I'm not fond of how he portrays a particular concept about accessibility in a portion, but he does explain why SPV nodes are not alone a solution. Please take a look: 
@_date: 2015-03-07 04:50:33
I disagree. Congress is leaning a lot more conservative these days, I mean truly conservative. Jeb Bush was booed and came in last place recently at CPAC if I'm not mistaken, and Rand Paul was on top. I don't think there will be bailouts for everyone passed out from Congress the next time.
Edit: I can't believe people are downvoting this. Bank *should* be allowed to gamble risk free with money and have the public bail them out?
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:33:42
This thread topic is about scalability, not dust. 
No core developers think the main concern with ordinary people not being able to run Bitcoin at global capacity, and still have meaningful participation, has to do with their storage constraints, because pruning is possible. The concern is bandwidth.
@_date: 2015-03-26 18:05:45
Well, maybe I'm old fashioned :)
I don't see Bitcoin replacing gold. I'm not saying it's impossible, but I would consider it unlikely. Gold's role as money might become diminished - I mean look what happened with *paper* as a competitor - but I think it will remain a confidence inspiring store of value for a long time. I like them both.
@_date: 2015-03-22 23:40:19
Okay, it looks like you did everything right. Where it says 'Conf/Yes' I think shows you confirmed the request at your email. It doesn't mean a transaction sending you coins is confirmed. In the bottom left it says 'pending' which I believe means your withdrawal is still pending. You just need to wait I think. Hopefully there are no problems with Cryptsy.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:35:33


No, that's not what I said. I said Congress is *leaning* more conservative these days. And I'm talking about true conservatives, like Rand Paul. Read [my comment]( elsewhere in this thread to see what true conservatism means.
Congress is now controlled by Republicans, but the majority of these people are what's known as RINOs (Republicans In Name Only). People purporting to represent values they actually don't is not what will make things better. However, the more we get representatives that stand for values in line with how the country is supposed to work, i.e., by the Constitution, the better things can get.
@_date: 2015-03-23 15:15:52


I agree with this, but the definition of unanimous is fuzzy. I think it's somewhere over 70%. Polls and commenting I've seen take place on this subreddit and at Bitcointalk are near this range.


I don't think that's true.


It may be news to you but Bitcoin isn't a dictatorship. 
For better or worse it really is up to all the inputs of people involved in Bitcoin which determines its fate. Another piece of news is that smart people are human and make mistakes. No one is omniscient. The giant challenge with the block size issue is there is room for highly intelligent and highly reasonable people to disagree, because any 'correct' solution is subjective and depends on future events.


That's your opinion. What you refer to as a "massive change" is how Bitcoin actually started out... There was no 1MB size limit. It was only *added* to prevent flooding before the network could handle it. Even Satoshi talks about how to later move away from the 1MB limit. That was always his intention.
@_date: 2015-03-26 20:14:17
As long as gold remains scarce and hard to mine that's correct. The reason is you can't wear Bitcoin as jewelry or make it into a vase. Bitcoin will never have the aesthetics, or fill the industrial use gold does. You can't even touch it. Don't get me wrong, I think Bitcoin is a far superior transaction currency. However, that's not the only thing people value. Gold will retain its role, being good at what gold is good at. The only thing we don't know is what exact role Bitcoin will play in the world.
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:41:04


What? Are you a pessimist by nature? :)
Seriously, I'm glad for your devil's advocate perspective, but wouldn't we imagine (many) people intentionally running full nodes to be interested in consensus participation? If we're simply talking convenience it's easiest to plug into some service's API, like blockchain.info, and transact a layer away. You seem to suggest making it *easier* to run a full node would have no effect on or even *decrease* consensus participation.
This goes back to my [last comment]( to you about practical mining. Yes, in Bitcoin it would be healthiest if every single peer was equal, meaning they all had similar network and computing resources, and all mined. The reality is that will never be the case with large scale adoption (we're already past it). However, it's okay because there are two (simplified) forms of power in Bitcoin: mining and transaction/block validation. Not everyone will mine, but that's okay because network validation still plays a key role. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 13:48:45


This is true now, but may not be in the future. Gavin is working on set reconciliation techniques to reduce or eliminate network latency. There is also a proposal to use only transaction ids in broadcast blocks which reduces size by something like a factor of 100, since whole transactions are already broadcast once when they're initially made.
I'd also mention the OP originally asked how verifying transactions and mining are linked. A miner creating a block doesn't need to include transactions in that block, but when creating any valid block it automatically verifies all *previous* blocks and transactions are valid. In this way miners must perform the role of transaction validation, so long as *any* blocks mined anywhere include transactions, even if the particular new block they mine includes no transactions.
@_date: 2015-02-22 11:27:03


I stopped reading at:
*"The act specifically excludes fantasy sports, that meet certain requirements, and legal intrastate and inter-tribal gaming. It does not expressly mention state lotteries; nor does it clarify whether inter-state wagering on horse racing is legal."*
You see, gambling is sometimes legal, when the state doesn't do it, but the state doesn't forbid it, or when the state hosts it, even if the state otherwise forbids it, when the sun shines on Tuesday, but not when...
@_date: 2015-03-07 22:35:29


True, but gold futures and even gold backed paper bills create counter party risk, because you must take something *representing* the asset, not the actual asset. Bitcoin is the only actual asset of value which can be moved anywhere in the world as easily as sending email, in seconds (besides other cryptocurrencies).


The amount of electronics and connectivity in the world has only increased year after year for the last fifty years. You expect that to suddenly reverse?


I agree. I think people should mostly rely on physical precious metals to store and protect wealth. However, I also feel cryptocurrencies have an important supplementary role to play.
@_date: 2015-03-22 17:20:42
The point about money as measurement does, yes. However, Alan Watts references the Great Depression which was a deflationary depression. In deflation prices decline and the economy deteriorates as jobs become scarce, because more people have less money to spend.
The OP was asking about government debt/inflation which results in rising prices. Excessive inflation also results in a deteriorating economy because the money people have buys less. Ideally you want a relatively stable money supply relative to the group using it, resulting in stable prices. 
Note it's also possible to have inflation and deflation occur at the same time, which is actually what I believe we're seeing now in the US (the deflation is why oil prices recently collapsed).
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:11:09


But have you thought it through?


I don't know what you mean by this.


SPV nodes are not fully validating nodes.


And that's what you seem to not have thought through. People have incentive to act in their own best interest. It's often safe to imagine this includes making money and staying out of jail. 
When financially greedy and unscrupulous individuals have the means to influence regulation you end up with a system which favors them, not ordinary people. Then no matter where you are in the system, be it a politician, banker, blue collar worker, or a miner the system produces the best incentives for you to work within its framework, even when it's not what's best for the "little guy".
@_date: 2015-03-26 17:59:24


I'm aware gold has been synthesized in nuclear reactors. I'm also aware asteroids may be rich in the metal. However, neither of those options are a cost effective way bring gold to market, and probably won't be for a long time. It's not necessary to go into space to find gold. More exists below ground than above it if I'm not mistaken, with a very rich source the sea (if not the richest). The problem is there is currently no more cost effective way to extract gold than conventional mining.
@_date: 2015-02-07 17:31:25


The comparison of a secret expiration date to a Bitcoin private key is like comparing a wet paper bag to a safe with walls as thick as a galaxy. 
There are merchants that send charges through with only card number and card expiration, month and year. Many issued cards are only valid for 2-3 years. That means guessing the card is valid for current year and expires the next you have a 1 in 12 chance of hitting the expiration date, with no more than say 1 in 24 or 1 in 36 - pretty good odds.
Credit cards were never designed for the Internet or other card-not-present, no ID transactions. They are horrible for protecting accounts and [hundreds of billions per year]( are racked up in fraudulent charges. Please consider better securing those numbers.
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:25:57


If you're looking for a strictly legal answer it will be tough, because Bitcoin is so new. Governments are still struggling to fit it into laws and appropriate classification. IMO it's more a moral issue, and I've made arguments for why I think morally you're in the clear to keep it. Nice of you to go through all this consideration either way, though.
@_date: 2015-03-28 16:07:11


Oh, well I'm glad you cleared that up. All these months and years the community has been arguing and infighting, for nothing.


Seriously, why would our target be that when VISA alone does 2,000 tps? We want to have a global payment system which can't even do half of what one provider of one form of payment for only the most affluent people in the world use?
There are about 7 billion people in the world. Some people believe Bitcoin can and should be able to service all of them. I'm not going to argue that, but let's say we wanted this as ideal capacity. I mean, technology is supposed to exist to serve people.
At just one transaction per day per person that's 291,666,666 transactions per hour (7 billion/24). That's 4,861,111 per minute or 81,000 per second. So we need to do somewhere between 2,000 and 81,000 transactions per second, depending on the definition of "success" for Bitcoin. I don't know, maybe you think servicing a few million people is all Bitcoin should be able to handle.
@_date: 2015-03-07 16:55:19


See what you did there? That's the problem with politics. Word games. Giving a "green light" isn't the same as **passing legislation** which raises the borrowing limit.


This is correct.




Incorrect. The fact that a congress of elected representatives of the people must deliberately return over time to approve more debt reflects political appetite, which can change over time, through a legislative process.
@_date: 2015-02-01 01:48:01


This video from the MIT Bitcoin Expo can provide context:
 (it will jump to relevant talk)
@_date: 2016-05-02 03:56:19


Yes, that's what my entire rationale is based upon. I'd also note I consider a lot of laws improper, immoral and unjust (I'm a libertarian). I'm not commenting strictly on estate law here, just giving you an idea of the context for my views. :) 
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:49:44


BTC-e was indeed hacked long ago, when it seemed every exchange was being hacked. However, they handled it very well and if I recall covered all losses from their pocket, something really rare back then. 
I concluded they had a longer term view and it seems that was the case. They definitely deserve some credit. At the same time I'll remind everyone: If you're storing more coins with ANY online service than you can afford to lose entirely, you're storing too much there (where you give up control of moving the coins. Multi-signature done properly is different).
@_date: 2015-03-11 19:07:09


I guess my question to you is how do you imagine that's a technical issue?
This might be a clue to our divergent opinions on resolution to problems in Bitcoin. If you're always looking purely at the technical side of things, I think you're not taking all relevant items into account. I know you're aware of this to some degree, because you touched on exactly this in your MIT talk, concerning politics in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-02 02:54:37


You're missing my point. If you read my above post I agree a return should be tried *if the owner might be alive*. The problem here is the **rightful owner** is dead. So we're really arguing who gains rights to a dead person's stuff. I've made my argument on that, and I stick to it.
@_date: 2015-02-24 20:56:49
Hmm, how can we upload a trojan into the operating system? How about:
Product Idea
A cutting edge Social Wallet where fund management is secured by multiple authorities in an open source environment, enabling "co-payments" utilizing Javascript based technologies like [Bitcore](
@_date: 2015-03-26 17:24:50


It's more likely for the math of Bitcoin to break down. 
Bitcoin mining currently uses SHA256, a secure hashing algorithm. We don't know how secure that is except to say that is appears *very secure* and is well vetted. However, we would tend to have higher certainty about the universe working the same tomorrow as it does today ;)
The second problem is Bitcoin relies on its honest network participants to continually hold a substantial, near at least 50%, proportion of hashing power. This risk can be somewhat assessed by viewing the distribution of hashing among pools etc., but is far from any known or certain future, something we again make risk assumptions about which are more worrisome than the universe changing characteristics.
@_date: 2015-03-07 05:33:36
Yes, what's your point?
@_date: 2015-02-21 22:49:28


What happens with people so poor they can't afford a supermarket, farmer, and butcher? Still a false dichotomy?
@_date: 2015-02-20 23:56:28
You've touched on a fairly intensive topic, one I don't really feel like diving into now, but the summarized version is all of us in the Bitcoin community should strive to keep bitcoins as fungible as possible, if we value core strengths of Bitcoin, like the ability to spend freely without permission from overseers or funds being frozen.
Sometimes people make choices for expediency or convenience which can be problematic in the long term. An example is a city/local govt installing cameras on every corner to eradicate crime. Crime rates might drop, but a certain amount of freedom is also lost in trade-off. People who argue from my point of view try explaining there are other means, possibly as effective, to bring criminals to justice, while not infringing on the natural rights of others.
To answer your question "What has stopped this from happening with 450 million dollars?" or any theft is the community allows for (and encourages) obfuscation of coin movement and linkage through things like mixers.
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:54:33


You're comparing events which are not even in the same league. To say Hitler was even human, in my opinion, is a stretch.
@_date: 2015-02-01 17:47:43


You know I was always taught if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all. 
I think that should go double for people who haven't stuck their own neck out to provide something of measurable success which might be criticized.
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:14:18


Most people don't want the responsibility of maintaining their own food source either. That doesn't mean given a choice of doing so or starving they would starve. People choose the path of most convenience until it's no longer practical to do so.
*"accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed"* - Declaration of Independence
@_date: 2015-03-07 06:45:54
When you have comedian Bill Maher saying he's open to voting for Rand Paul, that's not a fringe of a fringe: 
@_date: 2015-02-21 22:23:41


Your question was which open source wallets had I heard were compromised. The answer is Android bitcoin wallets due to the pseudo-random number bug (unless they specifically used another source of random numbers).


I can't recall if anyone complained of having coins stolen before the bug was discovered/announced, but the community is large. 


Non-patched wallets were very insecure as it wouldn't even take accessing the phone directly to steal coins.
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:11:06
If has  a preference for saying en masse then I wouldn't call that "wrong", just an expression of an opinion. OTOH if the suggestion is it's *wrong* for the OP to use "in mass" as in the thread title I'd agree that would be wrong.
3 a :  a large body of persons in a group &lt;a mass of spectators&gt;
to form or gather into a large group
EDIT: BTW, I love the people who will downvote but not say anything...
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:01:27


My recipe is actually physical precious metals first, cryptocurrency second. I think the first is a guaranteed safe bet whereas the second is less predictable (though with obviously greater upside). And the cryptocurrency story is far from finished/certain. We need to get the block size increase out of the way, and while I'm optimistic about Bitcoin, it would be easier to pull off with Litecoin.
@_date: 2015-03-12 03:09:09
Hey, thanks! :D
I really appreciate that. I try to be constructive as I think that's what we all want for Bitcoin, even if we have differences of opinion on this complex, interesting new technology. However, it's probably a better use of my time if I communicate in strictly development discussion areas, and leave the more social areas to the, well, more social.
@_date: 2015-02-20 22:09:25
I agree. My answer isn't meant to clarify what happened with MtGox, as I sure don't know; it's meant to explain how it's possible for everyone to be able to see all coin movement on the network, but that not doing much good when it comes to lost coins (or stories of lost coins).
@_date: 2015-03-23 17:25:18


Finally, something I agree with you on.
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:57:16


Yes. Let me explain it this way. Imagine playing a game of Monopoly where the banker gets to hide the bank from sight, and steadily seems to gain more control of the game. As long as people play his game he has disproportionate power. If people stop playing his game, and do something else, perhaps something more fair, his power disappears instantly.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:44:26
A direct cash deposit can't be reversed if it really was cash that was deposited. 
I'm not talking about account to account transfers or checks etc. I'm talking about somebody handing a bank teller cash money. That can't be reversed. It can be a challenge for bitcoin sellers to ensure cash really was deposited, but there are sellers who come up with creative ways to diminish their risk.
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:57:54
Paul Graham is to helpful advice on startups as Warren Buffet is to helpful advice on stock market investing.
EDIT: BTW, for those unaware here are possibly recognizable names [YCombinator]( has angel funded: Wufoo, AirBnb, Reddit, Justin.tv, Scribd, Dropbox, Coinbase, Buttercoin, Weebly, Discus, Heroku and [many more](
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:35:41


Did you have time to read [that scalability thread]( I suggested yet at Bitcointalk? Again, key subject matter in that thread is what home bandwidth numbers might be expected to do, especially related to fiber-to-the-premises, which impacts the bandwidth game significantly.
If fiber optic lines to homes wasn't likely or possible I'd probably reach similar conclusions as you do. However, I expect the hunger for Internet usage, and data usage in general, worldwide to increase, substantially, and it's all going to flow over the Internet. I think it's a good bet that fiber will be rolled out, as I found it already is in places like Japan and South Korea, at over 50% penetration going forward.
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:57:27


That wouldn't happen unless the account holders giving money to the short sellers in exchange for bitcoins (which didn't exist) never tried to withdraw the bitcoins, yet continued handing over money.
That's a benefit of bitcoin. It can be discovered fairly quickly when the emperor has no clothes. This is also the argument for using and trusting physical precious metal. Unfortunately, the weakness there is people mostly interested in trading *don't* want to take physical delivery, because it hinders trading, meaning the naked shorts (or Ponzi scheme, or whatever) can continue having a harmful market impact, setting things up for colossal failure when confidence finally breaks.
@_date: 2015-02-22 10:01:47


I already answered that. I said I can't recall. The reason we were discussing it was in response to you saying:
*"I think you're overstating the difficulty of proper security. First of all, I've never heard of anyone having their bitcoin stolen from a phone app."*
I showed how not only one phone app, but Every Single App based on Android at one time was vulnerable to losing coins quite easily. That's my point. I don't want people to get the (wrong) impression from you that securing bitcoins is currently as easy as downloading an app with a few clicks, then wake up to 50K worth of coins gone, saying well futilerebel said there was nothing to worry about. I think that's irresponsible.
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:20:36


There is less shock to the market if there exists a "backup", the same as having cryptocurrency/gold out in the market is a hedge against the dollar &amp; world fiat. With cryptocurrency it's a special case, though, because nothing much is differentiated from one to another other than market lead combined with features.
@_date: 2015-02-01 19:28:15


I'm not sure I follow you, but pretty sure I disagree. I believe everyone would say Greg Maxwell (is a "quality poster" who is passionate about Bitcoin, but I don't think anyone would call him an asshole.


I still disagree. See above.
I'm all for passion. In fact that was one of the qualities I recognized in Amir Takki in the early days when the witch hunters were after him for his public speaking style.
@_date: 2015-02-28 20:00:03


This is true. It would take a bit of writing to explain the answer to your question thoroughly. Let me try to summarize. Imagine three things. They are individuals, units of currency, and an economy.  The economy is of course a special item, since it's made up of components of the first two, but let's think of it as a single thing, sort of something that arises with synergy.
Ideally, people like to live in a "healthy" economy. What is that exactly? It's nothing more than smooth transfers of value and movement where goods and services produced are exchanged (hopefully optimally) via currency, enabling better or enriched lives; people having what they wouldn't normally have with a lone existence. The key thing to understand is the currency is simply a tool to facilitate trade. It isn't wealth itself. However, the more currency in circulation (relative to people using it), the more prices rise, as a reflection of it. It's not that price stability is a good thing. It's that you want a currency which doesn't itself change pricing. You want price changes reflected from supply and demand.
The best thing you can have, then, is a currency which is made available to the group of users in proportion with their numbers rising or falling (people being born etc). Gold increases in world supply at about 1% annually, which is coincidentally about the same rate of world population growth. So gold is a fantastic natural monetary facilitator for optimum economic trade - the prices represented by it would be at the edges of supply/demand, nothing more, meaning the maximum capture of economic value. In having such a setup one finds market forces would keep prices relatively stable (as people sought wealth, or adjusted consumption). So price stability is a reflection of a healthy, optimized economy, not the impetus for it.
Okay that was more than I intended to write, but you should get the idea :)
@_date: 2015-02-09 23:42:55
If Bitcoin adoption increases in the future, as most here expect, the block reward will remain high, even after decreasing in number of coins (50 coins x $200 = 25 coins x $400 = 12.5 coins x $800  = ...).
By the time transaction fees of a highly successful Bitcoin network begin significantly replacing the block reward we'll be looking at a very different situation than we have today.
@_date: 2015-02-16 14:46:47


You don't. That's why, again, I included my reminder about not storing many coins on an online exchange. If people want to trade with questionable exchanges they should do it responsibly, meaning put small amounts there to handle their business then withdraw as soon as possible. Leaving large amounts on exchanges longer term is how people lose big.
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:15:32
I think intention does matter. You can't trust a thief. I do think both of these guys should own up to their responsibility and try their best to pay people back, even if it takes the rest of their lives, which in the case of Karpeles could be impossible.
Responsibly paying people back is exactly what Jared Kenna of TradeHill did for the loss at that exchange (which arguable wasn't his fault). If somebody like Zhou Tong made a clear commitment to honor his obligations I think he should be allowed to operate a business in good faith. Again, this is only my opinion. I'm not encouraging anyone to take undue risks with their money.
@_date: 2015-02-10 00:10:34


The US often leads and the world follows.
The US created the Internet, yet is now a shameful 14th in global bandwidth speeds. The US is now responsible for [a disproportionate amount]( of Bitcoin activity - nodes, development, commerce - but that should even out over time.
@_date: 2015-02-27 00:57:05
There are people here claiming this is a fake post fishing for donations. That may be, but I think that's missing the bigger picture. 
Imagine for a minute the ad is true. How cool is it that people can post a short string of characters anywhere, anytime saying 'hey, this is how to send me value, and I'm guaranteed to get it'. No name, address, etc. required. No worrying about stolen credit card info or anything else. Regardless to whether a donation is warranted or not it's a seriously cool new capability we have for interaction.
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:50:34
Wow, just watched the MIT Bitcoin Expo talk by Arvind Narayanan on threshold signatures.
Now we're getting somewhere. I knew Bitcoin security would improve, but this is happening quickly IMO. I think this is a huge leap forward. One of the top recommendations for Bitcoin security has been [Bitcoin Armory]( It still is, but it's not the most convenient thing to work with. This model of a simple two-factor setup for Bitcoin key and transaction management, between devices like computer and phone, is huge because security remains as bulletproof as with Armory, but management and ease of use becomes simple enough for any level user, as long as at least one of the devices isn't compromised. Awesome work!
@_date: 2015-02-07 21:38:03
Many merchants only ask for card number and expiration month/year. That's it.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:45:02


I didn't say they had "no issues". That was n00b-hunter. I was the one pointing out BTC-e was in fact hacked, since I've been in the community long enough to remember. 
What I said was BTC-e deserves credit; and I stick by that because I think they do. BTC-e has processed who knows how many trades, for who knows how many users, for who knows how many millions of dollars, serving the community well, with seemingly few complaints and no widespread loss to users. I really wish people would take time to read comments before replying.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:24:01


And Bitcoin isn't because... why?
Don't get me wrong (I'm prepared for the torrent of downvotes). I'm definitely in favor of Bitcoin (and raising the block size per Gavin's plan), but what exactly anoints Bitcoin only? I think my position is much more reasonable: most altcoins add zero value, but the market ultimately decides, and there is real value in not having only Bitcoin to fight over (all eggs in one basket).
@_date: 2015-02-18 05:53:24
It wasn't :)
That's the point about pivoting. IIRC Justin had some technical skills from school and in an off-hand conversation mentioned how cool it would be to transmit real-time video, from anywhere, to the Internet. A backpack and camera cap was constructed and basically turned into a startup. He had no idea how he might make money, but just made a commitment to film his life, reality tv style, 24/7 and publish it to Justin.tv. I laughed so hard when a chat room message popped up: "You just took a crap on national tv, that takes balls man!" :D
It turned into a huge publicity stunt, but he got coverage on Techcrunch, the Tonight Show, so many places. He later just turned his platform into a place for anyone to livestream web cameras, and I guess that adapted to streaming video gaming sessions, which turned into Twitch and got bought by Amazon for $1 billion. Man.
@_date: 2015-02-01 17:41:11


That's not true. The participants are all part of the same market (BTC in this case). If the exchange didn't exist, yet they wanted to buy BTC, they would go to another exchange, possibly more solvent, and buy BTC there. Any source of "fake" or non-existent BTC drains capital from the market from going where it would have normally.
@_date: 2015-02-23 04:19:57
Suit yourself. It's your money. Just please don't risk anyone else's coins with bad advice.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:36:02
That's like saying the dollar is way too far ahead of Bitcoin.
I believe Bitcoin will be dominant, but that having one or two other coins that actually can do something Bitcoin can't (like providing an alternative... say if we can't raise the block size... or built-in anonymity features) helps. What's the harm in having them, while letting the rest die/fight for scraps?
@_date: 2015-02-21 17:59:18
Creating a Bitcoin wallet is easy. Properly *securing* your own bitcoin is an entirely different story. That's something even the most tech savvy find a challenge, so you can imagine the average Joe. I don't think banks will disappear entirely. I think we'll see a sort of hybrid where institutions help users manage their own coins better, probably incorporating things like multi-signature along with physical devices (hardware wallets/2 factor auth).


No, [I don't completely agree](
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:40:12


Most updates will not create a hard fork. You can transact with different people using different versions of core Bitcoin software, even versions not written by the current most popular group of developers (who took over managing Satoshi's original code).
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:56:05


Yes, the blockchain shows every transaction that ever took place on the Bitcoin network, going back to the beginning. The blockchain does still show the trail of MtGox coins, but nobody can say who controls destination addresses, and it's likely many are now controlled by owners not the least related to MtGox's incident. 
In money this is known as being fungible. It says the dollar in your pocket is no different from the dollar in my pocket, even if I got my dollar by robbing a bank. The individual dollars have no connection to any crime, and therefore continue to operate as tools of exchange of value within society.
@_date: 2015-02-03 17:35:20
The email it was sent from wouldn't itself compromise you. Which link did you visit? Did it say coinbase.com or something else like coinbas3.com?
Edit: nevermind, I see you posted the link in the thread (h t t p:/ / ttrebwgngu.servicioen3d.com/mywallet). Yes, I'm sorry those coins are gone. People please ALWAYS check that you are visiting the correct URL in your browser address bar before logging in!
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:10:30


It's a mathematical certainty. The only thing people who understand the situation disagree on is when. Not even die hard Keynesians think the system will hold up another 200 years.
 


Yes there is. There are interest payments due on the debt. That's a time component.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:53:15


It does when that money is the first world experiment based on technology and decentralized consensus to "fix" anything.
@_date: 2015-03-07 19:19:33
This is why it's important to have this kind of dialogue :)
The majority of the country won't pay attention to details of government function, but some will, especially when it's explained in easy to comprehend concepts. The population can learn and change, but only if they know they need to.
@_date: 2015-02-01 19:46:03
I'm still not sure I follow you. Also, I'm not offended.
@_date: 2015-02-06 20:02:04
Yes, it's something that can be a risk to the account holder, but it's okay if they are careful and don't take frequent deposits over $1K, which might raise a flag.
It's common, though, at least in the US for people to make deposits into other accounts. This can be for business reasons, or sometimes family members giving money to relatives in other states etc. All the depositor has to do is fill out a deposit slip with the account holder name, account number, state, and amount, then hand that to the teller with the deposit. There are no questions asked, so bitcoin doesn't need to be mentioned :)
@_date: 2015-02-11 13:02:14


Then what makes Bitcoin positive? Being first? Is that the only way to be positive?
At one time I thought all alt-coins were a waste of time. This was in the days of IXCoin, which was the first alternative to Bitcoin IIRC meant to serve the same purpose. Namecoin was meant to register domain names, but IXCoin simply copied Bitcoin. Even then, though, I and others often conceded if some other coin actually did something better than Bitcoin it should rightfully take a leading position, since the market would still win. 
Litecoin was the first real attempt to not simply clone Bitcoin, but do some things better. Using a different hashing algorithm to try better protecting mining decentralization and faster confirmation I think are improvements, even if they are debatable ones. However, that isn't what sold me on Litecoin. I ignored it when it launched. 
What sold me on Litecoin was the realization it (or most alt-coins really) *could* offer something to the market which Bitcoin alone never could: alternative. Anyone who doesn't think that's useful should see the current block size debate.
@_date: 2015-02-25 21:14:01


That's not true. Miners in Bitcoin serve two functions*, which are a) auditing &amp; ordering transactions and b) securing the network. Both of those functions can be done with far greater efficiency and security with a private ledger under central control because it's easier to administer a centralized computing system where one can control all aspects. Millions of transactions per second updating a single database would be trivial (as opposed to updating a worldwide distributed database as we do now). Likewise security against external attack would be easier to maintain (51% of all computing power in the world can't brute force or compromise a system with a simple air gap from the Internet). 


The programmable money aspect of Bitcoin could be re-done in another model too, for instance with bank servers providing APIs, quite apart from normal transactions ([Amazon Payments]( explores this some). It would take considerable engineering and IT expertise to pull off, but is certainly doable if rebuilding the system from the ground up, and banks usually have money to pay. Something Bitcoin does provide, however, is built-in security allowing anyone anywhere to directly access the system, yet not harm it, something not really feasible in even the most well-built centralized system, allowing for maximum innovation.
As for ease of use, right now Bitcoin isn't easier to use than credit cards for average users (it arguably is for geeks), but it's more secure being a push value rather than pull system.
So ultimately there are some things a centralized system can do very well, especially one aligned with regulators. However, I'd argue when it comes to money the most important aspect of all is confidence and trust in currency. That's something a decentralized system (or something produced naturally which can't be cheaply reproduced, like gold) should always have as advantage compared to faith in corruptible men.
*the mining process also provides as a fair, market based distribution mechanism for bootstrapping the currency
@_date: 2017-07-21 21:15:26


You say this like bigblockers would prefer chain-splits. It's not our side that didn't seek to compromise. That's just a fact.


I agree. Life doesn't permit do-overs. So convince Greg to follow the consensus agreements of Hong Kong and/or New York. However, I'm wasting my breath and you'd be wasting yours. See my earlier comment about the definition of insanity.


I agree. That's a byproduct of the 'war'.


That's not up to me. I've personally never made a single comment in that direction.


My camp would love nothing more. Again, it's not our side that didn't try to compromise, *repeatedly*. I don't blame you. On the contrary let me take this opportunity to thank you for trying to build bridges and keep everyone on the same team. It hasn't gone unnoticed. However, the fate of the Bitcoin project isn't up to any single person. 
My interest isn't in placing blame. My interest is doing everything I can to give Bitcoin, or at least the idea behind it, the best possible chance of success in the real world, nothing more.


With due respect I think this is the problem with the smallblocker camp. It's mistaking 'Bitcoin' simply for software. It's not considering the critical human element that's involved, not considering psychology, game theory, market tendencies. There is no denying your side is good with software, but thinking with such a narrow view means inability to give necessary consideration to those events which take place beyond that scope. An individual pressing the Sell button hasn't anything to do with software, nor does searching Google for 'Bitcoin alternative'. But I'm rambling and speculating. It doesn't matter *why* smallblockers refused *all* our proposals, it only matters they have.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:38:49
URL 
@_date: 2015-02-22 15:59:52


Completely agree. It's one of the rare things I've disagreed with Andreas on. Technical people are not often strong in design/art. We look at things logically. It's just the way it is.
If people are supposed to be retrained to associate value with a ring of keys (as opposed to keys unlocking something of value, and if lost being replaceable by taking the lock to a locksmith), then they have to also understand the concept of using a key once then discarding it and getting another one, something which behaves more like handing over a bill and getting back change, or a wallet.
I think it's okay to teach people about private keys (which enable concepts like Casascius coins), but allow the default association of managing balances (or multiple keys) in "wallets" which will probably be designed to handle value transfer, and eventually security, behind the scenes.
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:38:22
Buy with LocalBitcoins.com. You'll probably have the easiest experience possible. Receive most any reasonable amount, with no waiting. You can find a seller that will let you deposit cash into any bank nationwide, and receive bitcoins. The whole transaction can take under 1 hour.
The hardship you're experiencing is due to the less-than-optimum features of older payment systems, not bitcoin.
Another fantastic service is LibertyX.com, buy with cash at select local merchants. Fast, easy, and cheap.
@_date: 2015-02-14 19:54:30
Great job! Let me clarify two points.
First, on the 51% attack. I agree with you it's more of a confidence problem than a technical one, and you're right that such an attack has limits on what can be done (can't steal coins, can block transactions etc). The one nitpick I have is your description sounds a bit like it's a one way line which can't be crossed, or game over. That's not necessarily the case. 
The arbitration in Bitcoin is done by the miners, by majority of hashing power, but it's all based on probability. Someone owning more lottery tickets has greater chance of winning than someone owning fewer, but that doesn't mean the minority holder can't win, including repeatedly. It's possible for the "honest" network to continue winning blocks for a while without majority hashing power, meaning a 51% attack would fail so long as the honest side was "lucky". It's termed 51% attack because that's the obvious point at which the honest network is in probability more vulnerable. However, mining "defenders" lying dormant waiting to spring to life in network defense could also diminish the effectiveness of an attack. It's because of these dynamics there is no hard 51% line over which we  reach certain disaster, and conversely 51% isn't the minimum threshold where we might feel concerned. It's more that we're fuzzy near these edges about the blocks more recently piling onto the chain. The deeper in the blockchain a transaction lives, the more confidence in its security. As long as the hashing algorithm held (SHA256 in Bitcoin's case) a 51% wouldn't mean much for deep transactions. People could suspend transactions temporarily and or wait for far greater number of confirmations, until things were sorted out.
Also, remember there are a lot of very technical people interested in the integrity and protection of the network. When legitimate miner GHash.io began reaching 51% the community objected vociferously, and some began attacking them with DDoS. GHash.io eventually relented and self-limited themselves.
Next, on governments attacking Bitcoin. You have to imagine ways they might try:
1. Criminalize it
2. Invest money in trying to disrupt it
Criminalizing it needs to be justified while other countries embrace it. Governments so tyrannical might have larger tensions than only over currency. At most it would be driven underground within such regimes with people technically savvy enough to use it surreptitiously continuing to do so (imagine the large drug market).
Governments might try investing in enough hashing power to disrupt the network, but such a large undertaking would likely be noticed and publicized, meaning dangerous political backlash. Compromising the hashing algorithm is also unlikely, and even if successful not detrimental as the community could switch to another algorithm, including one based simply on factoring large primes. Governments cannot ultimately win with brute force against math.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:47:16
I'm very familiar with the network effect and I think Litecoin has it. There are businesses that accept Bitcoin first, Litecoin second, and maybe one or two others but not much else (like [Cryptothrift](
@_date: 2015-02-22 22:28:38


Just because you haven't heard of it, and I can't recall doesn't mean theft hasn't happened. There are tons of stories of people losing bitcoins various ways, including scams, negligence, and hacking. I don't have time (or desire) to search thousands of pages of content to sort through all the stories of lost coins to find the ones you're talking about relating to phone apps. It doesn't matter. I know software. I'm a programmer. Are you? I'm trying to explain to you that when dealing with money, operating systems and general IT, security isn't where it needs to be. Not yet. The Android bug I showed is an example of that. You're thinking coincidence equals safety. If the Android bug hadn't been found all this time, yet nobody ever said anything you'd still recommend people put their faith and money in these wallets, and you'd be dead wrong. Technical people are working on making Bitcoin safety easier, but, again, it's not there yet.


Small amounts that nobody cares about losing are fine. Telling people apps are as rock solid as bank accounts, when they are not at this point, is where the problem lies. As bitcoin/money on phones and devices picks up so will the amount of attention devoted to attacking this, then you'll see the pickup in sob stories that you now mistakenly take for impregnability.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:15:24


It's clearly a disingenuous exaggeration of Gavin's comment. 
Like I said, it would be like someone having a conversation on central banks saying they supported Jefferson's views being labeled a racist proponent of slavery by a newspaper. People in positions of high public influence from rhetoric should be more responsible.
@_date: 2015-02-22 00:14:14


That makes absolutely no sense. 
Every solution to a block is contingent upon the data in each block AND all subsequent blocks, which is completely random (it's based on all transactions people perform). Further, there is more than one possible solution to any given block because the goal is simply to be below difficulty, not to find a specific string.
Edit: Actually now that I remember, this was a complaint about Bitcoin before, that the computation power is doing wasted work. Of course that's not true, since all users of the network get value from it and with large scale success maybe even most of the globe. The point is it may be possible to find some task which serves both Bitcoin and something else (Primecoin, solving prime numbers goes in that direction), but that's not what we have currently.
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:43:08
I agree they need to pay people back or suffer any reputation the community heaps upon them.
@_date: 2015-02-28 15:03:21


Any Ponzi scheme does that. 
I don't expect my comment to be popular, and I'm not suggesting these guys should be excused. I'm just saying they appear in a different camp than a typical thief who sets out with willful intent to harm and act immorally. The products they produced don't seem to match up IMO. Of course, that's only my opinion.
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:54:05
Geez is that what happened to them?!? [Apparently it is]( Crazy and congrats to Justin Kan. Watching Justin 24/7 livestream his life over several days within the Techcrunch community was the height of entertainment. 
@_date: 2015-02-06 23:51:21
It depends on the situation. Bitcoins exist in the world of computers and digital information. Many people in the Bitcoin community are extremely comfortable in that world, but that's not generally true of people globally. For that reason it's fairly accurate to say Bitcoin is *not* anonymous. It's pseudo-anonymous, meaning links to identity are not obvious. Computers are extremely good at being precise and at remembering information, so average users of Bitcoin should assume they are not anonymous, as the smallest thing can reveal identity.
OTOH if you're someone very capable of understanding and manipulating technology Bitcoin can be used quite anonymously. The exact situation still matters, though. For example, if you're wanted at the highest levels of government, no matter how good your computer skills, you're probably better off using something other than Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:50:37


This is what I mean. People are oversimplifying. 
The system we have is so far out of whack no single bill is going to fix everything. There shouldn't be an FDIC in the first place, since it can as easily default on obligations as others have:
"There was **no possibility** that the FDIC could take on the rescue of a Citigroup or Bank of America when the full-fledged financial crisis broke in the fall of that year and threatened the solvency of even the biggest banks."
The problem isn't that banks regain freedom of operation. The problem is banks become too big to fail, and privatize profits while socializing losses. Even that doesn't complete the picture. The real problem is that legal tender laws are out of step with the U.S. Constitution. The reason that's important is it diminishes the capacity of the free market, and free market money like gold/silver, to act as a strict regulator and correct market mistakes and imbalances. Now that's the *real* issue.
@_date: 2015-02-16 14:54:04
I like the idea of more lawyers being in the Bitcoin camp ;)
@_date: 2015-03-23 14:19:30
I see... Thank you.
@_date: 2015-02-16 15:26:48
My original post was 15 hours ago and has not changed... You might try actually reading comments before replying.
@_date: 2015-02-21 19:55:34


I don't think you've read very much reddit/bitcointalk then.


These days? I'd say not even close. More like they're in debt at least that much, excluding houses.


I don't disagree, but I think people will use bitcoin various ways, one of which includes some kind of "savings stash" where it's similar to cold storage/multi-sig management, as well as a separate "checking" amount more commonly accessed by their phones.


I agree :D The Urban Farming Guys are beyond awesome!


True, but my point was more about some of the techniques they use within small urbanized living spaces, like hydroponics. That kind of thing doesn't require the traditional maintenance of a large farm area.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:12:07


Exactly. They're going to make a complicated mining system to produce and manage the same currency more inefficiently than they do now.
Bitcoin isn't an efficient means of managing digital information. It takes an enormous amount of computing power and complicated incentive models to keep the system secure and functioning; the reason all that effort is worth it is because it does all this while issuing and transferring its currency in a **decentralized** way, not subject to the whims and mistakes of any single person or entity.
@_date: 2016-07-21 14:38:03
HAHA! GREAT POINT!.... Except, it's not.
The fact of the matter is hard forks ARE the default governance method for Bitcoin, and have been since day one. The only way to govern a **decentralized** cryptocurrency, made up and defined by its users, at the technical level is to convince those users to follow existing or newly proposed rules.
How else do you propose it works? 
So your fantasy Ulbricht BIP is quite valid. It's as valid as the proposal to cancel the first block halving from 50 to 25 coins by a small band who opposed that rule, and indeed hard forked away from Bitcoin's current blockchain which recognizes 12.5 BTC/block. I'm betting most reading here were not even aware of that. If you can convince a majority of the community, including miners with incentive to protect millions invested in equipment, to risk faith in the value of BTC with the slippery slope of reverting coin history, *any* coin history, then you'll have a successful, million terahash/second backed blockchain which follows the new rule(s). The point being it's very *difficult* to enact such change. A hard fork is THE MOST difficult way to change Bitcoin, and therefore the most HONEST and ACCOUNTABLE way to change Bitcoin, because everyone is most aware of the change and must explicitly agree to it. A hard fork only policy in Bitcoin actually means the default is *always* NO CHANGE (which favors those in the small block camp).
@_date: 2015-02-09 22:53:54
Bitcoin currently has a 1 MB limit, but most of the blocks for all of Bitcoin's history haven't been anywhere near full. The 1 MB was added only to prevent flooding before the network was ready.
If there was no limit, 1 MB or 30 MB, it's likely we would have seen the same size blocks being mined, because the *limit* doesn't mean all blocks must be full, it's just a limit.
Gavin's plan simply tries to implement a limit - basically a safety valve, something never really used - based on the expected technology of the time.
@_date: 2015-02-03 23:54:51


Bitcoin itself can be thought of as an important development in the struggle between independence, down to the individual level, and centralized (usually state) power.
Many who support Bitcoin believe things are now tilted too far toward centralized institutions. Bitcoin can significantly help tilt things in the other direction, and many smart people believe in supporting that. However, not all are in agreement on what all is possible, nor the best way to proceed forward. Decentralization is generally agreed to be a good thing, but exactly how everything should look, while still being workable, is less clear (e.g. see debate on working with/without regulators).
One of the first tests of competing thinking came with the advent of Bitcoin Foundation, an organization proposed by Gavin Andresen, to formalize many administrative functions for supporting Bitcoin, like protecting its trademark from profiteers, as well as providing a platform to better fund development. Even I joined in vocal opposition to the proposed formation, fearing too much centralized influence. I backed down upon realizing the community had a viable outlet from abuse and dissatisfaction in the form of alt-coins. So long as Bitcoin wasn't the only thing which could be fought over, the threat of a foundation, I felt, was diminished.
There are individuals in the community, though, whom I'd say are more idealistic in decentralized mandate. I'd put Amir Taaki, co-creator of [Darkwallet]( in that camp. Amir teamed up with Cody Wilson who gained fame for creating a [3d printable gun](
While Gavin's large contribution to Bitcoin is known community-wide, he has had to deal with a remnant of opposition to the foundation which allows him the predictability of a salary for his previously free work. Cody Wilson voiced a proposal of candidacy with intent to disband the foundation. In a Coindesk article on this Gavin commented about SMTP (email) not having a foundation, but being "defined by a bunch of IETF RFC's" and that he envisioned Bitcoin Foundation being more like that (paraphrasing), an institution focused more on engineering and technical documents.
Cody Wilson then finds that the IETF's operating policy includes, among other things, no formal membership and no legal franchise. He then uses that [to say]( Gavin's comment therefore endorses what his position is, one of disbanding Bitcoin Foundation, which of course isn't what Gavin said at all.
@_date: 2015-11-04 19:57:49


Actually, when Satoshi first started Bitcoin the block size was 32MB, the largest message size on the network; this was then *decreased* to 1MB to combat flooding before the network could handle it. Satoshi posted about ways to raise the 1MB limit. My point is 1MB is not necessarily ideal. I'm not saying what is ideal (that debate has been exhausted), I'm only saying 1MB seems the standard choice now because that's the defined working network most everyone in Bitcoin has come to know. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 20:01:05


I completely disagree. I'm only a spectator in this but Gavin's actual comment said "...I think the IETF is the best role model", which was said in the context of talking about IETF RFCs (ie technical documents and processes). The mission at the top of IETF.org says:
*The mission of the IETF is to make the Internet work better by producing high quality, relevant technical documents that influence the way people design, use, and manage the Internet.*
Gavin is too nice a guy. He's tries to speak objectively and intelligently only to have words he never said shoved into his mouth.
It would be like saying Jefferson famously opposed Hamilton's view on having a central bank, so we should prefer a Jeffersonian model. Even now many Californians propose breaking away into a new state called Jefferson. Using Cody Wilson's MO one could then say a growing number of Californians and others endorse slavery, seeing as Jefferson owned slaves.
@_date: 2015-02-07 06:44:07
Believe it or not I get more excited about these kinds of posts than the ones of people saying they're dumping large parts of their life savings into bitcoin.
This amount in my mind is better, because it allows for the *use and experimentation* of Bitcoin, without the obsession about price. Bitcoin wasn't created to be a speculative stock, but something of utility. We're still in the early stages, dealing with volatility and ease of use/secure usage issues. I'd much rather people put in inconsequential amounts which allow for assimilation and learning in the community. Give me one thousand of these type entrants over one speculator any day :)
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:07:13
Sure, 
Note only the first few posts are from 2010, but there are two quotes I should highlight:
*"It can be phased in, like: if (blocknumber &gt; 115000) maxblocksize = largerlimit"* - Satoshi, October 2010
Satoshi clearly intended a higher block size.
*"If we upgrade now, we don't have to convince as much people later if the bitcoin economy continues to grow."* - Kiba, October 2010
How right he was...
@_date: 2015-02-01 18:23:10


If you have a legitimate gripe I'm not against that, but complaining at something offered freely and which you participate in voluntarily is more questionable.


Yes, I'm sure providing a free resource for the Bitcoin community, dealing with inevitable critics  (who usually can't point to any accomplishments/offerings of their own), a community as easy to tame as a herd of cats, scammers preying on naive users, scammers implicating forum administration in complicit legal accusations, hackers attacking the forum for politics, profit, and boredom, and the political/legal pressure of being at the center of one of the most ambitious and revolutionary challenges to corrupt state power the world has seen, qualifies as "evil".


That wasn't the subject of your complaint. How much did you donate to Theymos?
@_date: 2017-07-21 01:57:11


Bigblockers have always advocated scaling with layer two solutions. The main problem is we don't see layer two solutions as workable for solving scaling with too small a block limit. If layer two was the simple answer, couldn't Bitcoin work with a 1 KB block size? How low can you take it? Greg and Luke both suggested *lowering* from 1 MB. Bigblockers see it like getting a fire going with kindling. A proper balance is needed for things to work right. Too much demand before things are ready extinguishes the whole thing. As relates to cryptocurrency, users seek alternatives (like Ethereum). We're doing all we're doing with the smallest fraction of world population. Bitcoin is far from mainstream, yet growing pains in the form of high fees and congestion are undeniable. Where is layer two relief?
I've said before I thought your suggestion of a 2-4-8 MB growth model could bridge the two camps. Bigblockers (and [polled miners]( too) agreed this would be minimally workable to allow time for layer two solutions to develop, as well as supportive (e.g. for settlement clearing) when implemented. But smallblockers ended up rejecting this [apparent consensus](
We couldn't get it done. After *years* of argument we couldn't get there. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result. It's time to move on.


Bigblockers and smallblockers have two different visions for what comprises adequate decentralization and security. It's okay to disagree. Let the market (and time) settle the matter.
Thanks for all you do for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-10 01:26:27


Yes, and it reaches this point over 100 years from now.
@_date: 2015-02-28 15:09:22
Timing has nothing to do with it. My comment would be the same one thousand years from now.
@_date: 2015-02-21 20:35:08


Android for one.


Well, we may be splitting hairs, but I'd argue the proposition of securing money is something taken at 100%, whereas not always with growing food (people often complement diets with shopping/barter etc; my dad was raised in this style).
@_date: 2015-02-07 21:59:04


Hundreds of people watching the post of you watching the pole from 30 feet.
@_date: 2015-02-28 04:29:19
I don't know. These guys, Zhou Tong and Mark Karpeles, seem to me to be creators. That's why they put their name on their work.
Now, maybe as things started spinning out of control, through bugs, hacks etc etc, they then began to act less than morally, but I don't think it started out that way. If the theft was premeditated why not use invented personalities from the start? These guys, handling large amounts of money, with clearly resourceful, angry account holders on the other end made themselves easy to find. What happened with MyBitcoin.com? That was just before I entered the community. If I'm not mistaken that was ran more anonymously, for a seemingly clear heist. At least Bitcoinica and Gox could have been very profitable if managed correctly.
Edit: to be clear, I'm not suggesting they were not clearly negligent. That's obvious. I'm just trying to match the end products with their psyche.
@_date: 2015-02-01 18:47:10


Theymos isn't responsible for the actions of others. I've been in the community, and participating on Bitcointalk since Satoshi was still active there, and it wasn't always the way it is today. There was a lot of constructive, positive discussion which took place there. 
What is happening to Bitcointalk now happens to *most* communities that become very successful. You get diluted from the smarter, more positive, calm and constructive posters with a flood of more mainstream members, including trolls. It's the price of being popular and successful, and all communities with moderation have to find a way to deal with it as best they can. It's even more difficult in the case of bitcointalk where the theme is independence and freedom.


I knew that before you answered.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:55:47
Actually I would change the term 'endorsement' to *mandate*.
If you go to court for any reason and are ordered to pay some value, either for tax liability or because someone sues you, the type currency for settlement will be "legal tender". If you have none you need some, so regardless of whether or not that currency would have value on its own (in a free market) any currency declared by fiat to be legal tender has value by force (of courtorder/legal liabilities); no matter how much of it you create/print ...
@_date: 2013-12-29 00:11:35
Note that it doesn't automatically update on Linux, and info on turning it off (not easy for the avg user) is here: 
@_date: 2013-10-07 22:53:07
He is 100% right.
Your question seems simple, but it's in fact a very substantial one, larger even than Bitcoin. As important as money is to the world surprisingly few people really question how it works. I won't expand on that here but instead recommend a great video called "Money as Debt"
To your point, though, it's important to first realize that money is whatever people (in large enough quantity) accept as money. Simple things including pretty feathers and seashells have been used as money. It quickly becomes obvious any form of money might be called unstable since there are so many possible choices. In large measure the solution to this the world has adopted is look at what has had the longest stable history for monetary value, and that is easily gold which has been valued for thousands of years. To this day central banks worldwide still hold gold.
Bitcoin has nowhere near the record of storing value reliably gold does, and since it's not backed by (redeemable for) gold  its value only holds so long as peoples' faith in it as a store of value holds. Before telling your friend he can gloat, however, understand that (I believe) *all* world fiat currencies, like U.S. dollars, are no longer backed by gold either; meaning their value only holds as long as peoples' faith in *them* (or actually their respective government economies) lasts too. (see Zimbabwe, Argentina etc.)
@_date: 2015-02-16 12:03:01


Fractional reserve exchanges become exposed when people requesting withdrawals are denied. That's how the MtGox situation ended. MtGox essentially suffered a run on the bank as confidence in their story waned.


That's true, which is why I included my reminder.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:49:05
And you really think that would be the end of cryptocurrency? In this world of screwed up governments, corrupt politicians, bankers and fiat currency? I don't think so.
@_date: 2013-06-29 01:14:57
Note that bitcoins are going to be confusing to a lot of traditional financial institutions because they are not created by any central bank (or authority).
In the U.S. Bitcoin is already on the government's radar and FinCEN has issued guidance on them (and other virtual currencies). Bitcoin may also be increasingly known for enabling drug purchases on Silk Road.
Due to the above I wouldn't be surprised if all banks generally are receiving instruction to look for Bitcoin related purchases.
The FinCEN guidance specifically says they are not looking to regulate transactions where the virtual currency user is directly buying goods and services. It's generally held this means bitcoins are legal for that type of use. I would answer as follows:
1. I purchased bitcoins because I may use them in the future.
2. Same as 
3. I'm not sure, but I may. This may be similar to my current activity.
@_date: 2013-11-05 04:24:40
Are you talking about the Mining Block Reference (MBR) idea I came up with? I agree it would solve this problem easily.
To clarify, it doesn't exactly form a static backbone of large pools which might appear as moving toward centralization. Instead any volunteer host could serve as an MBR. Individual miners could pick their favorite(s).
To conceptualize how it works imagine a group passing a glass of wine to share. It takes a while for the wine to "propagate" to each person's mouth because it's passed one by one. It would be more efficient to place the glass at the front and connect several straws from it to every person. Propagation is then basically instant. All a MBR does is serve as a reference point for finding and informing about found blocks, which reduces latency tremendously.
@_date: 2013-11-25 01:43:15
You've got quite a bit of money. Now the trick is money management. Do you want to keep 100% in Bitcoin? Personally I think you should buy a house. You can get a great house in many parts of the US for less than 100K. Owning a house outright at your age would be amazing. Even if you don't live there (maybe you want to rent or live w/family for a while) you can always rent it out - potentially monthly income for life.
(remember to pay your capital gains taxes)
For the balance of your coins, cold storage offline paper wallets are safest. Also, I'd spread them out a bit, so there is no single point of failure. You can buy some Casascius coins for example, store some on an offline laptop (w/backup - use Armory), some with longstanding wallets like Coinbase/MtGox (keep minimums with online services). But that way your wealth is better distributed. Don't keep all your eggs in one basket.