@_author: acowbear
@_date: 2017-04-23 12:16:48


Being able to "cancel" the transaction after sending it seems like it would have the exact same effect on the receiver as if you sent funds you don't actually have.  
In other words: 
You send the money.  I ship the item. You cancel the money send. 
Has the same effect on me as if it was:
You send the money.  I ship the item.  I find out you didn't actually have the money.
Also, I'm a little lost on point   What is the "old transaction" you refer to?  By "the old 1.0 to you, 1.0 to your partner" I assume you mean sending the same coins to 2 parties at the same time?  So was the point here to show there is always a full day given for evidence to pop up of any double spending?
@_date: 2017-04-25 19:47:31


This is what I THINK you are saying, so please verify.  Everything runs on the "6 degrees of separation" effect.  
To do an instant transaction I must already be connected via channel to a node... who is connected to a node...who is connected to the node I want to send money to.
In other words, Alice keeps an open Alice-Bob channel.  Bob keeps an open Bob-Carol channel with Carol.  Carol keeps an open Carol-Sara channel with Sara. Now if Alice  wants to send money to Sara, she sends it along the "6 degrees of separation" effect linkage. (Alice-Bob-Carol-Alice)  And the reason it is verified so fast is because all these channels are already open.
@_date: 2017-04-24 14:23:53


ohhh, so in this context, "revocation" is referring to revoking the old initial state of how the money is divided between us, so that it can go into the new post-transaction state.


But it is possible to double spend on the bitcoin level right?  (Since you could double spend, and then it would take 10 min or so for the next block creation to solidify which one is "real".)  And and the channel gets created by locking your bitcoins into the channel.  I think I see how transactions within the channel are instant, but what about the creation of the channel in the first place?  Wouldn't putting your bitcoins into the channel in the first place take the same amount of time as a normal bitcoin transaction?
