@_author: acrophobia
@_date: 2011-09-20 20:29:43


Agreed. I'll add an addendum.
@_date: 2011-09-26 14:38:47
Actually in truth I don't really know. But laws tend to be pretty general and there's lots of them, so I'm fairly sure this would be covered by one of them. Securities fraud? Wire fraud? Insider trading?
@_date: 2011-10-07 22:32:14


what does that mean?
@_date: 2011-09-21 08:29:06
Yeah, I actually came across them via your project ;)
@_date: 2011-10-07 20:07:34
But why would a merchant want to pay for a non-linear product (option) when his exposure is purely linear (future)? 
If someone thought they were going to sell $50 worth of stuff next week, it would be cheaper for them to just sell $50 worth of btc in preparation. If they only thought they had a 50% chance of the sale, they could sell $25 worth of btc instead. By buying a put they are paying a premium for the vol when they don't need to.
Besides (i'm sure i'll get modded down for this but...too bad), in reality there are very very few people who actually buy and sell stuff with bitcoins at the moment. The bitcoin economy is *currently* all about mining and wild speculation on where btc/usd will be in 5 years time. Hm..maybe options do make sense in this context. :)
Edit - Remember futures came way way before options because they are genuinely useful to the economy...guaranteeing a good price for the grain you will be harvesting some time in the future...
@_date: 2011-09-21 08:58:41
Cool, I was hoping someone might have estimated this. Do you have a link?
@_date: 2011-09-29 18:18:49
Yeah agreed. I suppose I'm using OT as a kind of placeholder for something that solves the problems of bitcoin's "low security to cost ratio" and slow transaction confirmations. Maybe OT won't quite be as great as billed...but if not then something else will be.
@_date: 2011-10-17 20:56:26
If bitcoins are only used in server-server re-balancing, then bitcoin is effectively dead.
An integral part of the bitcoin model is that the huge revenue from transaction processing will pay for a huge mining rig that is too expensive for anyone to attack. This requires volume. But high volume is never going to happen with bitcoin if OT is more convenient, cheaper, and not limited to single-currency transactions.
While bitcoin is a convenient inter-server balancing currency, OT certainly does not rely on it. What bitcoin **does** bring is a relatively large community of geeks and hackers who like the idea of an 'open source' anarchist medium of exchange. A community who can bring the promises of OT to fruition. Hence FellowTraveller's diplomatic words re: the symbiosis of OT and bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-10-07 14:46:08
I guess I should file this under "if you don't like X, then it's because you're too stupid to understand".
As if bitcoin doesn't have any real problems. Meh.
@_date: 2011-10-07 14:58:04
One possible genuine reason is that people want the advantages of bitcoin (low transaction costs, quick global transfer of funds, relative anonymity etc) without the extreme volatility. Losing 80% of your net worth in two months is a pretty horrifying prospect.
You transfer your btcs to an exchange, sell them for USD, sit on the USD until you want to buy something, then buy back the btc and use them.
You lose security, but you gain stability.
@_date: 2011-09-06 20:50:52
From your link:


A temporary market dominance is all it takes for double-spends to happen.
In any case, what precludes the example I gave above of crooks collaborating?  Are you saying that this simply cannot happen because Thomas DiLorenzo (who has probably never heard of bitcoins) said so?
@_date: 2011-09-27 10:09:30
Yeah but it seemed pretty much everyone at the time was expecting the price to go from $30 to $100 and onwards. Why sell now when you can double your profit in a few more weeks?
Bubble fever.
@_date: 2011-09-07 14:46:27
I know someone that worked for a small groupon clone.  They were doing a fair amount of business yet they were getting completely screwed by their bank.  Basically they weren't getting the actual money from card transactions until 3 months after the transaction - ie the bank held onto the money for 3 months after the money left the customers account.  Allegedly, this was because they were considered a high-risk business as a customer might request a charge-back when they finally get round to buying their half-price pizza and decide it wasn't up to scratch...
As you can imagine, 3 months revenue is an astronomical price to pay for a transaction handler, and could be the biggest single reason why the company will fail.
So, it could be that certain niche retailers would jump at the chance of:
1. Quick payment (as distinct from quick confirmation)
2. No chargebacks
3. Off-book.  (ahem)
IMO it's important at this stage that you first look for places where there are real demonstrable advantages.  And to be honest it's pretty tough to find them at this early stage.  
In addition, the company has to not care about the one hour delay for confirmation, so any shop where you pay at the counter and carry your goods away is not going to work (not until the right tech comes along).
@_date: 2011-10-07 18:53:13


I should have phrased it more as "i know who the guy *actually* is, so I have a real chance of being able to sue him".


I have nothing specific in mind. For context, there are frequent accusations that if everyone were to withdraw there coins from mtgox they would be insolvent. This is almost certainly just trolling, but you never know...have MtGOX been betting on their own market? You should at least includes this in the T&amp;Cs so people feel a little bit safe in the knowledge that they can sue if you do this.


Yes, +1.


That's your choice. This isn't about what the law tells you you must do, it's about what you (IMO) should do beyond that if you want people's trust.
But you should (I claim have to) do something to convince people that you are a permanent entity with a real financial stake in the bitcoin society. For example, b7 gets hacked and lose loads of coins and because they have no significant financial stake in their own continuity, they just drop out. Compare with MtGOX who are so embedded that they bail out other institutions.
w.r.t verisign, i was not talking about any ssl cert, i meant an EV. Honestly I don't *really* know what the difference is, but it's billed as being something more rigorous...anyone can get a standard ssl cert. EV's give more green in the address bar.
@_date: 2011-09-06 19:42:29
Can't agree enough.  People lift bits and pieces from standard macro-economics to fit their argument, but in reality there are so many differences between bitcoins and real money that empirical 'facts' like these have little or no relevance.
@_date: 2011-09-07 12:40:35
Ah yes, you are right.  
I was mainly concerned about the time when (almost) all revenue comes from transactions only.
@_date: 2011-09-22 12:08:22
lol. i spent a few days thinking about how to summarize. then i gave up and just posted it as-is.
it's kind of a library and app that provides a secure transaction layer atop arbitrary currencies. so with it you can do almost arbitrary contracts involving an unlimited number of different assets in a secure provable way.
i'm going to blog about it when i can see more clearly
@_date: 2011-09-23 09:08:33
I love it.
(Here are a few typos, 
    "Its the first" =&gt; "It's the first"
    "by an single" =&gt; "by a single"
    "more then 100,000" =&gt; "more than 100,000"
    "everyday" =&gt; "every day"
@_date: 2011-10-19 15:55:11
It is actually pretty serious as the security of bitcoin is rooted in a huge global hashrate preventing attackers from reverting transactions.
As the price falls, the (economic) theory is that miners will pull out. We've now seen this empirically confirmed, as the difficulty has reduced substantially over the last few months. It's not low enough that an attack looks currently plausible, but if it continues to fall there will be trouble.
@_date: 2011-09-22 09:06:51
You do realise that this post is *fictional*, right? I'm trying to raise awareness for why accepting zero-confirm transactions will, in future, be a really bad idea.
@_date: 2011-10-07 17:37:23
Not sure if I speak for others on this, but I think you have to have real meatspace trust somehow. That way people can think to themselves:


Real names, real addresses, real registered company. Maybe you could have real auditing. Open / transparent public accounts would help for people to think 


of course that could backfire if you don't make any money, or it takes a long long time to become profitable.
Tibanne's verisign audit and 'green url bar' helped my trust level a lot. It's kind of irrational because i have no idea what a verisign audit actually consists of..but we are irrational people all of us.
@_date: 2011-09-07 12:08:46


I'm not assuming that bitcoin remains small.  I'm saying that however large it becomes, it is always free to takeover *if* mining/tx processing is profitable.
So to make it costly to takeover, it requires that mining/processing become unprofitable, but the system as it currently operates depends on mining/processing being economically attractive to entice people into doing it.  So it seems to me to be impossible to build a cost barrier (with bitcoin in its current form) so long as miners/processors do it for profit.
I think this all seems paradoxical in the current mindset because we think of running a computation grid as being a cost-centre.  But with bitcoins it is no longer the case - bitcoin transactions are literally paying you to build a comp grid and do not care whether you are a crook or not, all it cares about is that you process transactions.
@_date: 2011-09-07 12:19:43
Yeah it's really strange how so many btc startups charge full fees right from the start, rather than offering service for free initially to build up a customer base.
eg why on earth you would want to use bitcoin7 when there is less liquidity than MtGOX, less reputation, no trading API, fewer funding options etc etc AND fees are the same!  Surely you would at least drop fees until you get a critical mass of users.
@_date: 2011-10-07 22:32:44
@_date: 2011-09-23 08:58:54
We've seen enough security incidents on the internet to know by now that if something *can* be hacked and there's a large financial incentive, then it probably *will* be hacked.
For some reason the bitcoin community is very averse to critical analysis. But downvoting will not get rid of the underlying problems. Calling people "retarded" does not help bitcoin.
I saw this on the bbc website this morning:




@_date: 2011-11-19 17:56:02
Maybe I missed something, but this just appears to be an unofficial proposal to assign names to 'internet financial services providers'. That doesn't legitimize anything.
@_date: 2011-09-26 14:52:13
Stupidity or folly?
In any case, do you have any constructive criticisms?
@_date: 2011-09-20 22:06:55


But mining wouldn't be profitable, it would be break-even.  So why would others be aggressively expanding their grid if there's no profit available?


But the attack is free, that's the point.


But the attack would be on a third-party, *not* on the stakeholders.  For example buying an expensive car or jewellery or maybe real-estate with double-spend bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-09-22 10:26:49
As long as no one is trying to attack the network, it doesn't matter how many miners you have. A handful of miners would be able to handle current transaction levels - in that case the difficulty would fall massively and the cost of mining would be tiny, measured in cents rather than dollars per bitcoin.
But what you say is still correct..


.. a certain level of mining is required to make an attack expensive enough to deter people from trying.
@_date: 2011-10-18 09:32:09


Not really, there are plenty of entities in the world that are trustworthy. Banks run fractional reserve, but they're quite clear and open about that - it's not like they're tricking you into anything. They're not signing a legal contract declaring that your funds are ringfenced.
Trusting an OT currency issuer is fundamentally not much different to trusting a safe deposit box. Not many people are really concerned about a large bank stealing the contents of their box.
@_date: 2011-09-22 08:21:52
Hey relax! If there's something that's wrong with the post, just point it out.
@_date: 2011-09-06 22:16:08
Actually I see the problem as getting worse as time goes by when there are fewer bitcoins being mined and profits come from tx fees.
Simplistically, you could say that 
1. The capital cost C of buying all the hardware is the only thing the crook stands to lose, and this should be equal to the global transaction revenue (minus electricity costs) over the life of the hardware.
2. The prospective revenue R is a function of many things, but will be proportional to the price of a bitcoin if you assume you can double-spend a fraction x of the global bitcoin value.
So we say that the attack will happen if R &gt; C. Unfortunately, R and C are functions of different things, one is proportional to the price one is proportional to the churn-rate, which makes it difficult to know if R would be bigger than C.
What you *can* say though is that 
* a bitcoin economy where BTC has a low price but lots of transactions is safe whereas 
* a bitcoin economy where there are few transactions but a high BTC price is unsafe.
The odd thing here is that the transactors (not sure if that's a real word - i mean people who buy and sell goods and services in bitcoins) are 'subsidizing' the investors. The investors only have a secure store of value if transactors are paying for the grid; if double-spending became common then bitcoins would become worthless for transactors and investors alike. The investors don't pay anything towards securing their own investments, and likewise the transactors don't really care if the price is high or low, as long as their transaction is safe. So in a way the transactors are much better off with a very low price for bitcoin, as it means they end up paying less to secure their transactional system from crooks.
I wonder how far this line of reasoning can be taken...it's getting late for me.
@_date: 2011-09-27 16:03:14
I should add that the spam bit is about 2/3 of the way down.
@_date: 2011-10-17 16:22:12
Price volatility is going to be a permanent issue with bitcoin as long as it is a minority value store.
The best features of bitcoin (semi-anonymous, nearly free transactions, open source protocol, unlimited accounts) are not unique to bitcoin - with open transactions you will get all that as well as:
* instant transaction - i.e. subsecond, not 10 minute
* complex transactions - cheques, payment plans, cash
* backed 1:1 with any asset or basket of assets you like...USD/gold/equities/treasuries/bitcoins
It has the single (potentially serious depending on your PoV) drawback of having to trust the *issuer* of the currency, whose role is to back the currency with the real-world asset.
IMO, bitcoin is going to die because traditional currencies delivered *over* OT are going to be a lot more useful to customers and businesses.
@_date: 2011-09-25 20:06:37
We are not reversing any transactions. The point is that since it's zero-confirm, there are no transactions written that need to be reversed.
Both transaction requests are made from the 'buyer's' account. It's not that the bitcoins go to the merchant and then on to the pools, instead there are two requests from the buyer, one public request to send the money to the merchant, and one private request to the pool to send the money to the pool. If the pools solves the next block, the private transaction is the one that is written, bypassing the merchant entirely.
I write 'stolen' figuratively...in fact the merchant was defrauded.
@_date: 2011-09-07 08:32:45
But it would cost the same amount to secure the block chain as to take over the block chain.  So why would (say Google) want to spend x on securing the block chain when a criminal wouldn't want to spend x on taking over the block chain when he gets to profit from double spend?  Usually secure systems are premised on the fact that the cost of breaking the security is some high multiple of the cost of maintaining the security, but here the ratio is approx 1:1.
I don't see why this is so easy to fight - you wouldn't even know that someone was approaching a majority until it was too late.
In addition, I though we were trying to get away from central control by a government?  What happens if a white knight doesn't come along?  What happens if the government intervention is actually as aggressor rather than protector? That's not much of an assurance of security.
@_date: 2011-10-09 19:39:20
Ah, I see. Long-term vol vs short-term vol. I agree.
@_date: 2011-09-07 09:01:36
Another problem is that if someone like google came and added extra compute power to secure the network then this would decrease profitability for regular miners as well as the crooks.  So supposing the regular miners are economically rational, they will leave as google enters for the same reason as they would leave as the crook enters.  So you end up with something that is very much not a distributed network, you just have a few big players - and this means cartelling to take over the network is possible.
@_date: 2011-09-21 08:55:11


Only short-term. As the reward decreases over time mining is funded only by transactions, which is unrelated to price of a bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-09-06 17:44:56


Fluctuations mean that you wouldn't be able guarantee to do it for free, instead it might cost some money if the difficulty fluctuated up randomly.
But the same logic applies to normal miners.  Miners would demand a small premium to account for the risk that the difficulty increases while they are mining.  If they were rational economic actors, that is.  So in the end it leaves the crook in the same position but with a bit of randomness added in  "it will cost 0 +/- x" where x is comparatively small.


The point is that the crook mines both forks.  How does the rest of the network know which one is legit and which one not?  One has a tx from A-&gt;X, the other from A-&gt;Y, how can you distinguish the two?  The normal protocol is that you go with the one with most backing, but this discriminator is precisely what is being attacked and being made uncertain.
@_date: 2011-09-21 13:30:15
To be even more general you could have discrete configurations that allow for not just connectivity variations but also other double-spend evasion tactics. For example the ones Satoshi alludes to in his post.
@_date: 2011-09-21 15:13:37
Ok. One more thing..if you find someone who accepts zero-confirm transactions is it correct to say that a Finney attack has the properties:
1. Guaranteed to work for free BUT
2. You don't get to choose when you attack, you attack at the moment you find a block solution.
3. The attack can be parallelized across an unlimited number of merchants who accept zero-conf.
whereas the attack you describe:
1. You can attempt at any time for free BUT
2. Only 5% chance of working (assuming 5% comp power)
3. The attack can be parallelized across an unlimited number of merchants who accept zero-conf.
Assuming the above to be true, why do so many people say that zero-confirm is ok for *any* amount of money? You're just waiting to be picked off, no?
@_date: 2011-09-22 09:42:51


How do they know what to ignore? It's just a new block, it has a few transactions in it like any other block, who's to say it's invalid? Remember that to ignore a new block that others accept can be very costly. Why would someone do this when they have no evidence there is anything wrong? If people do start 'policing' new blocks based on their world view of how transactions should have been, then it just means you're saying that the blockchain is *not* the authoritative source. This gets very messy very quickly.
@_date: 2011-09-21 13:44:21


Yes, very good point. Does this mean in fact that if you own 5% of the network you can actually fake transactions 5% of the time? And the 5% of the time you fail, no one would notice anyway.
@_date: 2011-09-20 20:36:03
I have seen no proposals for reducing confirmation time without reducing confirmations quality.
I have seen no real solution to the long-term blockchain vulnerability.
I have seen no argument or evidence suggesting volatility will substantially reduce, or reduce to levels merchants can tolerate.
Volatility *decreases* liquidity. Consider a USD/BTC market-maker. If the price is constantly 1 BTC = 1 USD then they can make their spreads very tight and for very high volume in the knowledge that they can safely offload the risk over time without the market moving against them.
@_date: 2011-09-20 22:43:38


Yes but you're not really comparing apples to apples.  Chargebacks are an orthogonal concern since a payment system *with* chargebacks can be converted into a payment system *without* chargebacks as it's just feature removal. 
So imagine an unregulated PayPal that removed chargebacks..then it would have instant confirmations that are not reversed and would be better (I mean more usable) than bitcoin. The confirmation lag comes from the decentralised book-keeping, not from the absence of chargebacks.


I don't think that's true. If miners were rational they would include capital costs when they decide whether or not to invest in mining.


Yes, this is a good point. However, it's not like a many-teraflop supercomputer has no value outside of bitcoin. Maybe you could just rent an existing supercomputer for a few hours to do your work. Or perhaps you could build a data-centre as a business, but take down bitcoin while you're at it for a bit of extra profit. Maybe if you were some nefarious government agency you wouldn't even mind about the capital cost.


Yes, but basically you are admitting that bitcoin cannot be safely used for high-value transactions that take place in a short space of time.


Yes, and my guess is that there never will be.
@_date: 2011-10-04 18:54:49
Yes, it's worth trying to see what happens.
My prediction is that you get an approximation to white noise...something vaguely looking like [this](
Usually the next step is to find out if the mean (ie the 'derivative') is statistically significantly different from zero.
@_date: 2011-09-06 20:04:52
Governments usually break up obvious monopolies because it is almost universally acknowledged that monopolies do actually happen  (and no this isn't just Keynes.) Here there is no central authority to break up a monopoly.
In fact your comparison with real-world monopolies is pretty good..


Obviously they would just agree to collaborate...I mean why wouldn't they?  "I have 10%, you have 15% and Bob has 30%. Lets combine, double spend and split the profits."
But to turn all this on its head, are you really saying that the long-term viability of bitcoin *depends* on the theory "monopolies do not form in free-markets"?  That's a pretty shaky foundation...
@_date: 2011-10-07 17:01:08
The thesis is that some people are incapable of understanding bitcoin because their brains aren't wired well enough (for whatever genetic or environmental reason). Their thought process is (in your words) "never sufficient to understand"
However you might try to rationalize it, you're post is basically saying they're stupid, whether or not you intended it to sound like that.
But then it gets worse as you state the converse...(smart) mappers who understand money and cryptography *will* be excited about bitcoin, (stupid) packers who don't get it will just see problems. (Inferences in parens).
Maybe none of this was intentional? I'll give you the benefit of the doubt.
@_date: 2011-09-22 16:09:59
Yeah, I guess it is glaringly obvious, but what can actually be done about it? Certainly nothing at the moment...but even in the future, how easy is it to construct some kind of blockchain police? Would that open up bitcoin to DDoS attacks?
For example, what if the attacker created a pool with many 'virtual' nodes that don't do any processing. They're cheap to fake, and would allow the attacker to claim that not only is 'tx B' written into the blockchain, but also the *majority* of nodes agree that it was the correct transaction.
@_date: 2011-09-07 10:21:37
The key is in how fast people realize that a transaction is not legit. Remember we're not creating a new chain here, we're just adding transactions onto the main chain.  For a double spend you only need to maintain it for enough confirmations to make the counterparty happy, which is currently usually around 6.
For example, you deposit money into an online wallet as a double spend.  You wait for the 6 confirmations required, then quickly transfer the money back out.  You then pull away from mining the double spend leaving the online wallet with a hefty loss.  The amount you can steal this way is only limited by the limits imposed by the online wallet, so could be very high indeed - far higher than profits you might gain from regular tx processing.
@_date: 2011-09-20 23:13:23


No I think this is incorrect. Chargebacks on CC transactions occur because the customer claimed fraud, not because the customer had no money. The confirmation you get after a couple of seconds is actually the confirmation that the customer has the funds or otherwise that the bank or CC company will guarantee the funds (excluding the case of customer claiming fraud).


Yes perhaps as far as the retailer is concerned you're right. But what I'm trying to say is that a new bitcoin competitor X could have fast confirms *and* no chargebacks (since confirm-time and chargeback-time are othogonal). In that case, bitcoin would presumably die because it was technologically inferior to X and still had no userbase compared to the normal banking infrastructure.
@_date: 2011-09-06 19:55:35
Because 5k bitcoins are mined each day, and (my guess) a substantial fraction of them get sold for USD to pay for the mining rigs.  This means the average price over time will be
    P = T / (5000 * f)
where T is total USD invested in the bitcoin economy *per day* (via MtGOX etc) and f is the fraction of mining proceeds that go towards costs.
I reckon f is something like 0.5.  More than 0.1 and less than 0.9.
I don't have an estimate for T, but i suspect it is nowhere near the $25k per day level that would be required to sustain $10/btc with f=0.5.
@_date: 2011-09-26 18:31:09
JP Morgan has a market cap of $115 billion so an attack price of $55 billion. Bitcoin has an [attack price]( of between $10 million and $20 million depending on your assumptions.
So no, it's nothing like.
@_date: 2011-09-21 13:00:23
The idea is that you actually double-spend.  So you send 1 BTC to the honeypot but simultaneously send the same bitcoin to yourself. After some duration one of the transaction becomes invalid. The trick is to push that duration back for long enough that it tricks the honeypot into thinking the transaction is valid.
@_date: 2011-09-06 19:23:50


But by your own statements, google's compute power is really poor for this kind of work, hence not a good benchmark at all.


Why would more and more people add compute power unless there is some economic benefit?  As you say yourself, it requires quite specialized hardware that most people don't have just to break-even, so why would a significant number of people participate in this when it's going to cost them money?  Just because a computer is idle, it doesn't mean there's no marginal cost - you will get billed for the extra electricity you use if you fire up the mining software.
@_date: 2011-09-06 17:37:32
Presumably the crook would buy GPUs or FPGAs or whatever it is that it most efficient.  I'm not talking about botnets here.
@_date: 2011-09-20 22:00:06


In fact there are two distinct things here, there is the confirmation time and the chargeback time. A centralized network can have instant confirmations *and* no chargebacks in theory, which would be a significant improvement over bitcoin. AFAIK (and correct me if I'm wrong) but all major payment providers allow chageback as a condition of being regulated.  But since bitcoin is not regulated anyway, it's kind of unfair to compare.  
My point is that an unregulated payment system offering instant confirmations and no chargebacks would be better than bitcoin in that they would both be unregulated, both have no chargebacks but bitcoin would be slower. This is certainly possible with a central authority, and maybe possible with P2P but is not possible with bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-10-07 14:51:43
What distinguishes you from any of the other umpteen exchanges?
Ruxum portrayed itself as a professional, super secure audited exchange...it doesn't seem to have helped them much.
Are you going to offer leverage? That's a killer feature. Or how about [miner swaps](
By the way, I do *really* like the way you give away libraries in multiple languages. That's really helpful.
@_date: 2011-09-06 19:36:20
Despite you being downmodded, there is a lot of truth in what you say.  Sure, bitcoin is deflationary in 5 years time *if* it becomes wildly popular, but now it is incredibly inflationary.
The current price crash is, IMO, precisely due to the extreme inflation catching up with a transitory bubble.  5,000 btc are mined each day, some fraction of them will be sold to finance the mining rig.  To maintain a $10/btc price, that means some fraction of $50k needs to be coming into the system to pay for the freshly minted bitcoins.  That isn't happening, which is why the price is falling.
Simple supply and demand really, but noting that the ever increasing supply is coming from the bitcoin equivalent of 'printing more money'.
@_date: 2011-10-09 19:37:18
Margining is the solution. Options also have cpty risk, and need this facility too..especially out of the money options. In fact pretty much any contract that has a duration (ie, anything that can't be settled instantly, like straight fx) will require margining.
Futures (or basically just a straight short) also allows your merchant use case np.
@_date: 2011-09-27 10:11:01
That's quite a long way off from most estimates I've seen.
$10 million =&gt; $20 million is closer to the mark.
@_date: 2011-09-22 10:06:56
No there is *no* double spend in the block. It is a *single* spend, just not one that goes to the shopkeeper.
In other words, the shopkeeper has no evidence that he is the bona-fide recipient other than the zero-confirmed transaction request. At best it would be his word against the attacker, but since this is all anonymous anyway, that doesn't help. In the end the blockchain is the golden source. If you disagree with a perfectly valid transaction in the blockchain, then that's too bad for you.
@_date: 2011-09-20 19:24:06
mining rate of 7000 btc/day @ 5$/btc = $35k investment required per day to maintain prices, assuming miners sell as they mine.
20% per year might not sound like a lot, but does $35k/day?  Remember that currently there is effectively *no* real economy...it's all based on optimism that there will someday be real economic activity. So $35k/day from pure optimism is a big ask IMO.
@_date: 2011-10-07 17:41:18
On the options front, I think it is a waste of time. No one has any exposure that could be hedged with an option, so there's no reason for people to pay for them. You can't have a viable long term market with only speculators.
It is sometimes said that an option would help a miner who wants a guaranteed return over the following year, but in fact that requires something more complicated (but still very doable), such as an mswap. (Basically you need avg(P/D) rather than just avg(P) where P is market price and D is difficulty)
@_date: 2011-10-04 18:08:19
There is a deep fundamental problem to this, namely the [Martingale Representation Theorem]( Roughly speaking, this says that all random processes you're ever going to come across have a term which is non-differentiable, i.e. it is sufficiently non-smooth that if you try to differentiate it you end up with &amp;plusmn;&amp; The simplest example of this is the [Brownian motion]( In practice, what happens is that the smaller you make the "dt", the larger the derivative becomes, so in effect your derivative becomes garbage.
What you *can* do instead is calculate some statistic of the process over a finite window and see how that behaves over time. This usually involves making some assumptions on the functional form of the process, and tends to get quite complicated to understand exactly what it is that you're measuring.
*Edit - Just noticed that this comment isn't particularly helpful. If you want to find out more, you could try [Estimation theory]( and [filter theory](
@_date: 2011-09-25 11:01:57
I'm all for learning more. Did you have any specific things in mind re: learning the basics? I do read all links people give me (even the [dumb]( ones) and also take time to understand people's comments. For example, the discount scheme itself was based on someone else's [comment]( in reddit. I didn't invent it out of thin air, I just fleshed out how an uncontroversial theoretical attack could be turned into reality. I've discussed the attack with a lot of technical people and unless I have missed something, no one has said that there is any technical problem with the attack. People that rubbish the idea usually do it on the basis of either:
1. such an attack would never happen in reality for some societal reason. For example it would not be worth it, or people would be caught by meatspace cctv, or that there is nobody immoral enough to set it up, or that there are not enough immoral people to execute it and so on.
2. such an attack while possible now would be made impossible (or at least substantially harder) in future by improvements in the bitcoin protocol, but without giving any realistic *concrete* plans for how this would be implemented.
But as a technical expert yourself, presumably you can fill me in.
@_date: 2011-09-06 21:05:29
1. If there were a number of crooks and they realized they couldn't win individually then they would cartel because it would be in their interest to do that.
2. You wouldn't have to break bitcoin completely, you'd just have to make occasional double spends to supplement your mining.  Enough to make excess profit, not enough to kill the whole ecosystem.
edit - but yes, those are good points..+1
@_date: 2011-09-07 08:37:18
Why does the fixed coin limit affect this?  The problem is with double-spend, which is to do with transaction processing rather than mining.
If anything the fixed coin limit makes things worse.  In ten years time there will be no more coins to mine so unless there are a huge number of transactions taking place the grid will have to *reduce* in size if people are to maintain profitability.