@_author: acrobaticchocolate
@_date: 2018-09-12 11:25:02
Especially when they come with open arms, offering us free money! I don't know what this "austerity" thing is that they keep talking about, but I'm sure all this money will help us to be awesome again!
It sounds to me like the IMF is a bit concerned about losing it's authority as a global monetary leader. If countries start adopting cryptocurrency, they'll have no real purpose and will have to close their doors. They most certainly wouldn't like that.
@_date: 2018-09-16 11:04:56
Yeah it's ridiculous, isn't it? Just because you call your new currency "crypto" doesn't make it any different from the fiat that you couldn't keep control of. This seems like another central bank trick like helicopter money. See how many people trust it this time around and don't try to subvert the system. 
Although that is an important part of managing the economic health of the country as well--maintaining faith in your policies and your currency. If citizens feel like they're being fucked, they will take every opportunity to subvert the government and not pay taxes.
@_date: 2018-09-09 10:05:20
This is terribly funny in the same sad ironic way that Orwell was accurate over 50 years ago... I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
In this day and age it's nearly impossible to defend encryption anyway. If you're a person of interest, they'll find you at all costs. But if you're just a common Joe, it's not worth their time... yet. 
The only online security that exists is off the grid, unfortunately. 
@_date: 2018-09-06 18:15:30
Yeah, just as every other EM currency crisis right now. That and openly defying the US empire can get your nation into deep water financially. 
People like to use these events as good reasons to buy bitcoin, but I think that they should focus on one or the other. The people of these nations are suffering as they watch their currencies devalue at dizzying speed. Bitcoin should be looked at in terms of what it can do to support yourself in decentralized exchange and as a store of wealth, but not in comparison to the suffering of others. 
@_date: 2018-09-05 15:09:03
Well it's good news that illegal isn't staining bitcoin anymore. However, we should also think how much we can trust bitcoin as an alternative to fiat if it has privacy pitfalls, and if they are big enough concerns for normal Joe's like us. I don't think it really matters though. 
Anyway, the MSM won't want to report this because it would reveal that there is actually a legitimate use behind it. They're too busy saying it's useless. Even if they did report 10%, that's still a big enough number to keep a lot of people out of it.
@_date: 2018-09-02 15:29:59
Yeah those dinosaurs will have to adapt or be overrun. It's kind of absurd that they're still charging such high fees for a service that they don't even really provide anymore. No one trusts investment advisors anyway because they are not financially liable for bad advice, and most of them were shouting "buy and lower your overhead" midway through the dotcom bubble...
I've heard of "commission free" brokers in the US, but they've got to make money somehow. I'm sure they've drastically reduced their overheads.
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:49:05
Yeah, like Apple charging 30% commissions on their app store. No wonder they broke 1 trillion market cap, they've nearly got a bloody monopoly on the market!
Just wait until the market gets blown open. The general population still thinks that bitcoin is "super risky" so are afraid to get into it. I'm sure when stock trading started way back when people were saying the same thing about it, and they were paying huge commissions to their brokers (well, we still are. Broker fees for retail traders are $5-10 a trade!).
Binance is still offering much lower fees than anyone else out there. That's just the way the wild west of the crypto market is right now.