@_author: acruxksa
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:05:11
If you say anything that can even remotely be construed as criticizing GAW, They'll either ban you immediately, down vote you to the point of being banned or "someone" will shadow ban you.
That was all I needed to know to convince me to sell my primes and run as fast as I could to get away from them.
@_date: 2014-08-23 19:08:28
Regardless of what they're doing or not doing, I'm pulling in about .047 BTC per day with 75MH/s of hashlets.  That's AFTER they're $0.08/MH/s fee is deducted.
It beats my nicehash mining by a substantial margin.  So what if it slowly tapers off, it's been way higher than any other mining pool/hardware since hashlets became available 2.5 weeks ago. These type of returns probably can't be maintained indefinitely, however, neither can any of the other mining pools/schemes.  All I know is that I've gotten very nice returns over the past 17 days.  There are other benefits to the hashlets, for instance, they are on record stating that the maintenance fees will never rise and in fact will drop.  They have also hinted at the possibility that we can mine other algo's besides scrypt.  Think about that for a second!  I'm already seeing better returns per MH/s than any other scrypt mining option AND my fees will not go up AND there is a possibility that I can switch algo's at some point in the future.  Most people are happy with just the first two, but with a chance for all three.............. 
Also, I've got 6 fury's at home that I purchased from them in 3 separate purchases over the past 3 months.  All 6 arrived in perfect condition and have been mining hashing away on nicehash @ 340Mhz for over 17days since my last reboot.
  No hardware issues at all.
Over the last couple months, I've seen several disgruntled people post about their poor experience with gawminers, but pretty much everyone of them had issues of their own making.  ie, they wanted to exchange a purchased product for something else before they received it after it had already shipped.  Or they received a product that was faulty and wanted store credit, then changed their mind and wanted a different product then changed their mind again and wanted their money back after purchasing a new miner with store credit.  Pretty much seems to me that the same couple people have been responsible for most of these threads.  I'm betting this is one of them given the throw away reddit username.
I'm not saying GAWminers is perfect, they have made mistakes, but most people will tell you that they eventually make things right.  Sadly, there are people out there who need INSTANT gratification so when they e-mail or PM someone at 11PM on a Friday night and don't get an answer in an hour, they assume they are being robbed.  All without even realizing what time it is where the person they are messaging lives.
In summary, They've always done right by me with every one of my purchases which include shipped asics, hosted asics and now hashlets.  I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.
@_date: 2014-08-25 05:57:56
This poster has several great things to say about primedice and coinbase............I smell a rat!
Guessing he/she is using their alts to upvote themselve too. :D
I may be going out on a limb, but with language like this: **" fuck you GAW, SUCK IT" and "Ps to all you downvoting me. fuck you. you obviously havent' been fucked over by these losers.... YET."**  Our modern education system at work......I don't think we need to go very far to figure out just exactly why the OP's post was deleted. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 05:52:13
I just literally purchased 5 - 1MH/s hashlets and activated them in the last 10 min.  2 with BTC from mining and 3 with $$$.  Activation codes for the 3 purchased with $$$ were in my email inbox in less than 5min.  The two purchased via zenminer and btc were already activated on my account.  80MH/s and slowly increasing. :D
@_date: 2015-02-01 01:42:48
I bailed when they re-opened hashlet prime sales and were letting me sell them for $40/Mhs - what I'd already mined.
Sold 95 Mh of primes for about $32/Mh.  End result is I pretty much broke even when you consider my loss of 1 BTC to Alex Green and the hosted miners/primes I purchased and sold.  I might have lost a few $$$ and might have gained a few $$$ it was close enough to be a wash.
I'm thankful I got out when I did.  The only reason I did get out was because they banned me from hashtalk.  If they hadn't banned me from HT when they did, I might be pretty deep into this fiasco.
Actually now that I think about it, I'm definitely a bit ahead because I've got two 20Mh/s asics miners in my garage that we're completely paid for via btc before cashing out so I guess I did ok all things considered.  Didn't hurt that when I sold my primes for BTC and cashed them out BTC was at about $500. :D
 