@_author: acsmith1972
@_date: 2018-03-18 10:21:23
I'll take a bitcoin, too. lol
@_date: 2019-05-27 18:32:11
Because even with a minute amount of storage space it should be possible to have more than the allotted amount of wallets. For example, the xml file for my entire website is less than 1mb. For the price it should've come with at least 1gb of space. I doubt if it's even 1mb. It feels like 1kb. 
What privacy for the free xlm? I had to watch videos and answer questions on xlm. Even if it were an actual survey, would $12 be worth five minutes of my time? Yes. I currently do not make $144 an hour. I remember a day when people said Amazon stock wasn't worth the paper it was printed on. I bet those people feel stupid now. They could've bough it at just over a dollar, and had a serious increase in value. I believe the stock is over a thousand a share and has split three times. So you never know with these other coins. Some of them are so cheap it doesn't make sense to not buy them, just in case they ever do blow up. 
Let's say you thought the same thing of btc back in 2010, but bought some at .008: $10 worth. You'd have invested $10 on a joke and gotten 1,250 coins. Which would have turned your $10 investment into $10,897,337.50. That's not a bad ROI. Right now I have: TRX, POE, BTT, XRP, ADA, XVG, TNB, XLM, FUN, LINK, IOTA, KMD, NEO, LTC, ONT, GAS, ETH, BCHABC, BCHSV, ONG, ETF, BTC. Some of them I got gifted by Binance, apparently, because I never bought them. I'm not sure how they showed up, but free is free, I'll take them. I started with BTC, ETH, TRX, POE, ADA, XRP, XLM, KMD, NEO, LINK, IOTA, and  LTC. The other stuff just keeps popping up from time to time. Not much, minuscule amounts, but it's free. 
These are the ones I'd like to add to my collection: MKR, XTZ, EOS, XMR, DASH, ZEC, VET, FCT, WAVES, NEXO, BAT, HOT, RVN, GVT, SC, STRAT, GNT, BNB. I can see what works and what doesn't. I don't think all of these are going away. And some are so cheap it'd be easy to buy. Like VET, HOT, RVN, SC, etc. Siacoin is .003. I've got a spare dollar for 333 coins. 
 
If I could get 10 bitcoins at a kiosk I'd definitely add them to my Ledger. 
I have a 24 word seed. I haven't memorized it. I also don't have anything on the Ledger right now so it's not even really an issue. When I do I'll get better organized with the seed. I'll put it a few safe places where I can always get to it where no one else can. I typically backup most of my data. Something that's become a pain in the ass now that files are much larger. I need to buy some M-disks as they have the best longevity. 
Going from traditional banking to investing in coin is not exactly a lateral transition. I've been "following" coins a few years now, but not the technology. That's my bad. I read Maximum PC every month, I read the white pages for everything, but this one I let go. I was really hoping everyone here had a favorite Youtube series they could recommend. For example: I'm no a mechanically-inclined guy. In high school I was more into books and computers than cars and construction. My father was a builder so I picked up a lot of that experience from working for him. The car stuff: working as an Uber driver is expensive. I started watching Youtube videos on cars. I can now change the oil, do a transmission flush, coolant flush, change the differential and transfer case fluids (I have a 4X4), I can do brakes including changing calipers, I can do a brake flush and bleed, I can change o2 sensors, I can do the entire suspension, literally anything electrical in a car, spark plugs, minor other repairs, and all the basic stuff like filters, etc. Today's project is changing my front struts, brakes, and discs all sitting in the garage. So if there's a video I can watch, and it's easy to get I can learn it. Most of the ones I've seen so far on BTC don't make a lot of sense except to people who have been paying attention since day one.
@_date: 2019-05-27 10:45:44
Who said I don't know what happens when you don't have enough ram or hard drive space? I'm perfectly aware of that. Where in my original post did you see me say I wasn't sure of why it can't store more? I said it's a pain in the ass changing wallets all the time. They could've very easily made these things to be 1gb or more. And, apparently on the new one it's designed to hold a lot more wallets at once. I don't have the new one, though. As for bothering with alts, while it may seem the safest route to just bet on Bitcoin, what if it turns out that's wrong? What if XLM is the next BTC and you passed on it? 
Good point on the tickets. I thought the address was a cold storage address you owned after you pay for it. 
So you don't have any coins other than BTC? No Ethereum? No Litecoin? Nothing? I got like $12 of free XLM on Coinbase for some survey they have on there right now. It's literally free money. 
The seed thing is weird. I see 12 word ones and 24. Ledger has 24 and a pin. I'm assuming the pin is just for the device and has nothing to do with the seed words except on that one device.
@_date: 2019-05-27 10:35:00
Yes, that's more along the lines of what I was wondering. Thanks. I have Ledger Live installed on my computer, I just haven't had a minute to check it out yet (Uber driver, out weird hours). I'm assuming there's an Android/Apple version as well. I did read about the new Ledger, which also has bluetooth from what I hear. Which could come in handy pairing with the phone, I suppose. My problem is I first heard about BTC back in 2011 I think it was, maybe earlier and I remember at the time when it was like .0001 cents a coin thinking "That's a stupid idea". Kind of wish I'd invested $100 in it and just waited. 
Some of the people talking about cold storage seem a little neurotic, like saying not to make digital copies, but realistically, hackers aren't going to be looking for every encrypted file you have that happens to be inside a hidden embedded file. Most likely even if they found the container they wouldn't be able to hack it and even if they somehow managed that feat they wouldn't find the hidden embedded file which would also be encrypted. A lot of things have to go wrong for a hacker to get access to your "vault" that maybe at most has 1BTC of value. So I'm not super worried. Right now I'm not even close to that. Which is why it's still on the exchanges. If something goes wrong I'm out a few hundred dollars. But I did have a plan to invest 10% of my weekly income to coin and that's too much to sit around online.
@_date: 2019-05-27 10:26:02
So your answer to me asking a legitimate question is to be an asshole about it? How is every "shitcoin" in existence what I have? Do me a *huge* favor: go play in rush hour traffic.