@_author: activatebestchain
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:14:14
agree.  it's actually really fun to go read the old code, it's surprisingly easy on the eyes.  although the half-baked market stuff is pretty weird...
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:18:58
psh.  everybody says that, but matplotlib is REALLY rough around the edges, and handling matrices of doubles is SUPER CLUNKY in scipy/numpy.  ipython notebooks are a cool toy, but an enormous pain if you want to be able to zoom and pan interactively in the generated plots... also python multiprocessing never seems to play well..
sure.  python is a far better general purpose programming language... but matlab is still king when you just want to load up some data and have a good look at it.  moreover, it encourages you to manipulate your data with matrix multiplies and functions that work on vectors, rather than a bunch of ugly for loops...
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:12:12
haha yann lecun.   he's not an expert, he's a world class expert.
@_date: 2015-04-17 22:38:01
it's time for jeopardy!  i'll take "stupid arguments on the internet" for $200, alex!
ok!  this significant policy event in the mid 1990s required the incumbent telephony monopolies to peer with competitors thus opening up the market for competition in high speed internet and advancing the pace of deployment of DSL.
what is... umm... blind application of the (sometimes quite effective) libertarian principle hammer to every problem without even looking for a nail first? 
WRONG.  the correct answer is: peering regulations laid down by the telecommunications act of 1996.
how about "the interwebs" for $300, alex!
ok! in popular parlance "rapid development" and "growth" with respect to the internet is commonly associated with this activity.
what is, ummm.  innovation in management of incumbent telco monopolies that cut costs, boosted profits and truly pushed forth the field of advanced customer aggravation research?
WRONG.  the correct answer is: ad-hoc open source communities and innovative upstarts changing the world in myriad (mostly positive, i hope!) ways enabled by the mostly flat linearly scaling cost structure that exists with today's defacto neutral internet. 
now look.  i get it.  i don't want the government getting all excited and crapping up the internet by regulating content and activity more than anyone else.  i don't want them taxing and i definitely don't want them choosing monopoly winners.  
but the fact of the matter is, the competitive landscape today for internet service does not provide enough consumer choice in order for most customers to easily switch to a comparable provider in the event that their provider starts playing games with paid traffic shaping.  
until that problem is solved, the last mile providers have a privileged position and it's becoming ever more clear that they're waking up to the opportunities they have to extract additional revenue without adding any value to the detriment of the upstart friendly economic climate we enjoy today.  i want to see more innovation in google, amazon, reddit, open source and experimentation like bitcoin... not innovation in verizon, comcast and at&amp;t getting in the way.
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:23:15
if you think that seeing the 4th largest corporation on earth plop down in a few cherry picked neighborhoods with amenable PHYSICAL INFRASTRUCTURE equates to a market where new participants will enter and exit smoothly and therefore is ripe for perfect competition, you're dreaming...
@_date: 2015-04-17 01:55:35
how anyone can be into something like bitcoin, which is basically a product of an open and free internet that is unmolested by the privileged positions held by the telcos and their PHYSICAL infrastructure, yet support a candidate who has come out time and time again against network neutrality on the shaky grounds that somehow if you remove the barriers of regulation then magically the laws of physics will acquiesce and create a perfect market for real, wired, not-shitty internet access boggles my mind, it really truly does...
@_date: 2015-04-23 23:32:11
I'm still waiting to hear about all these private enterprises that you claim exist that are throwing billions of dollars into basic research.
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:03:57
In your first paragraph, you claim that everyone sees the value in basic research and that large companies spend billions on basic research.  Where did you get this figure?  Can you name 3-4 public companies that spend more than $500,000.00/yr on basic physics research?  I can't.
In your second paragraph, you circle back and claim that "what I see in your 'basic' research is a lot of money being wasted on developments that could be more cheaply figured out in the future."
So either it's valuable now, or it's not.  Which is it?
And are you arguing that all the basic research that is done in academic research labs is a waste of resources and would be better handed to private industry so they can do it when its value is clear?  
Again, you don't seem to understand that basic research, by definition, has no obvious immediate link to value.  The reason why industry doesn't do much of it is because it's immensely expensive and wasteful, but it's also how breakthroughs are made.
Its importance in  the history of technological development and science cannot be overstated.
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:52:37
Are you at all familiar with the concept of basic research?  The vast majority of it's funding comes from governments worldwide because it has unclear translational value.  However, with the exception of Bell Labs (which, lets be clear, was the product of a government mandated monopoly), the deepest core of the vast majority of technology as you know it today grew out of university research labs funded by government.  That's just a fact of life.
What passes for innovation these days is application of this technology and its descendants in business.  This is built upon an ecosystem of private companies that draw heavily on research produced by both the military-industrial complex and the academic-governmental complex.
Not everything worth doing in the long run manages to woo the market in the short term, so a lot of these things end up getting funded by tax dollars.  Eventually this makes its way back into the economy when private entrepreneurs bring applications to market, but the link may not be so obvious.
And if you don't see the value that the manned space program created when it allowed for peaceful competition with the Soviets (in lieu of war) and inspired an entire generation to take interest in mathematics, science and engineering, then you really truly are missing the forest for the trees.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:13:36
So Circle doesn't have a browser extension that registers BIP70 mime types and bounces payment requests over to their site?
That's a shame.