@_author: actionthaxton
@_date: 2018-01-29 03:55:46
so, my wishlist for a tracking app, includes the following:
-the ability to see prices on different exchanges, preferably ones that I can set, so when i want to buy something, the app is as efficient as going to CMC. 
-some kind of backup, so I can input changes on one phone, and have it back up to other phones or devices. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 17:53:44
someone who has no money beyond their day to day expenses still has need of banking, but banking doesn't have much need for them. 
it's a big part of why the first movements towards bitcoin helping that 95% will come in the form of services that the unbanked need from banking institutions, that they either don't get, or pay exhorbant fees for. 
remittance is the one that is commonly pointed to, primarily because it's one of the most abusive. Western Union really punishes people for not having other options. 
Perhaps the easiest examples come from things that aren't as large, but are more visible to those of us living in the first world. Check Cashing services. The unbanked usually pay about 1% just to get access to the money in their paychecks, here in the U.S. They are often charged fees for making bill payments on top of that. I know it's not as big as things like remittances, but it's important. 
cryptocurrency has another effect on the unbanked that should prove to be incredibly meaningful. It will go about decentralizing a lot of the controlled aspects of life that punish you for being unbanked or underserved by your bank. Micro-loans, kickstarting, etc. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:58:06
if your point is that bitcoin isn't superior as an online payment option right now, for people with good credit and access to banking, then sure, you're right... at least mostly. 
lets go ahead and bypass the argument that 95% of the world's population doesn't fall into that category, but just look at those people for a second because, when discussing the best online payment options, that top 5% makes up close to 100% of online consumers. 
So it seems like that top 5% should clearly prefer using the current system. they get great protection at no extra cost, and utter convenience, right? well, it is pretty convenient.. but there is a clear cost, it's just that it's the retailers that deal with that cost, and hide the cost into their prices. 
firstly, depending on your volume and business model, those credit cards add somewhere between 2-5% in fees per transaction. those fees are certainly absorbed into the cost of goods. Even more hidden, though, is that the retailers usually end up taking the hit on identity theft and credit card fraud. 
It's been about 10 years since I was actively running an online retail operation, and I would just give up on certain kinds of sales because I knew they were too risky. I had a blanket ban on sales to Malaysia and Singapore because CC fraud was so common there. I was extra cautious with Brazil...and all 3 of those countries were hotbeds of activity in my industry. 
So the move to bitcoin among those top 5% may have to come from businesses themselves, who are willing to pass on that cost directly to cryptocurrency users, because having crypto customers will drastically reduce their fraud losses. 
oh, and one other thing on this subject, if you're in that top 5%, but are in some other way a risk... (for example, you live in Malaysia, Singapore, or Brazil....) then you don't neccessarily have access to online services or goods, but btc may change that for you.
meanwhile, there's the other 95% of the world's population... and let's face it, they are the ones that will really drive btc's adoption. 
@_date: 2016-10-08 16:42:37
so I saw this post, and immediately thought "i'll bet this site has a fantastic guide up at the moment, with a breakdown of ways to donate to hurricane michael victims on the site" and was quite disappointed to see that it didnt. 
just a tip. i actually came to r/bitcoin today for that purpose today, and now i'll probably be doing my research elsewhere. this has got to be the kind of opportunity to grow your foundation that shouldn't be missed. 