@_author: actonric
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:51:18
Ahhh!! Got it, that makes sense. I think one of the things I wasn't getting is that the channels would stay open sort of by default, so the interconnectedness would just keep on growing, eventually getting to a critical mass of not needing new channels very often, even when you're transacting with people you've never transacted with. One more follow up, so where in those hypotheticals does something get posted back to the blockchain? Is the idea that you kind of never have to as long as all of the transactions you're a part of go the way you expect them to?
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:28:59
Really helpful explanation, thanks! I am trying to wrap my head around all of this, one question if you have the time to respond, and I think this is about payment channels in general, not specifically this middle layer, so forgive me. But my question is, what real-world scenario does this model? I guess Bob would be say a service provider and Alice and Charlene would be customers of his? That also know one another? Considering it isn't often that three people would get together and decide to engage in this sort of complex three-way transaction, I'm just trying to understand how the vast majority of transactions, which are just simple one-time, one-way, two-party transactions, get benefited by Lightning Network/payment channels.
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:08:15
Ok cool, it is all starting to make sense now. Really appreciate the answers, I've done a ton of Googling on it but it's hard to find anything that goes this deep. 
So this brings up another question, it seems like it would be a bit of an issue that your money is kind of locked up in each channel all the time, but I guess that means the idea is everyone ends up with one primary channel, perhaps to the biggest node they transact with regularly, such that you don't need more than one channel for most transactions, is that right? So when Alice gets paid by Walbert, she doesn't have to close the channel to spend it, and this channel basically becomes her primary "wallet" of sorts. Is that right?
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:22:18
(My first post, hopefully I get some of this right.) 
First of all, let's get this out of the way: comparisons to other categories of unrelated consumption are completely meaningless, whether it's one transaction = a household's consumption in a week, or how the total compares to whatever country it's closest to this week.
Second, it's a real problem. What does matter is that, at current retail rates in the US, the cost of securing one transaction in the blockchain is about $25. (EDIT: Retail in China is maybe $17, so even if you assume 90% less than that, that's still $1.70, which is perhaps competitive but still prohibitively high for many transactions we hope to use Bitcoin for someday.) No explanation is needed as to why that is an untenable situation if Bitcoin is going to be the world's medium of exchange someday. However, this number has been run up drastically due to the price spike (higher price = more miners = more hash power = a higher difficulty target for the underlying algorithm). So falling miner rewards and/or falling price would reduce this number, not to mention more efficient mining and cheaper energy.
So it's possible those factors could bring the cost per securing one transaction on the blockchain down to some affordable amount, say $0.10. I don't know enough about all the factors at play to say whether that's realistic or not in the long run, would be curious to hear opinions on that.
But I think what is likely is that if Bitcoin is to maintain it's current market cap or grow, it's going to to be very hard to get that number down to a negligible amount. This to me seems to be the best case against Bitcoin as a medium of exchange in it's current form, the algorithm is just too costly to make it truly "cheap" to use, especially when mining block rewards fall to zero.
However, and this is the strongest point in favor of Bitcoin, it's current form is not fixed. Improvements can be made to solve this problem. Moving transactions off the blockchain can drastically reduce the cost per transaction, the Lightning Network being one option. While it does seem a bit scary to "move transactions off the blockchain," to my somewhat limited understanding, the way to think about it is the blockchain would secure balances, and the Lightning Network would process transactions. The blockchain is also used as a failsafe should some actor in the Lightning Network behave nefariously or simply stop responding. In that way, transactions can scale massively, stay secure, and put substantially less energy burden on blockchain miners. Problem solved.
tl dr: In Bitcoin's current form, he's right, it's a real problem. But Bitcoin is built to evolve, and there is already consensus building around a solution to that very problem.
EDIT: I read up on Lightning Network a bit more. To be clear, it isn't a bulletproof answer, and in many ways it will face the same community scaling challenges Bitcoin faced in its early days. I guess the more accurate point is that there are many potential solutions to the energy problem, Lightning Network being one of them. Saying BitCoin is doomed due to the energy problem is a bit like saying that the Internet was doomed back in 1995 because it was way too slow to do anything meaningful.
@_date: 2014-10-22 04:27:33
how do you think the halving of difficulty would play out in that case? a war of attrition among miners for who has the cash to run in the red for long enough to outlive the rest. hash rate falls as those who run out of money quit, until it gets to half, subsequently resetting difficulty to half at the next retargeting. so length of time it takes to some function of how much money miners have in the bank to outlast others. is that you're thinking?