@_author: actuallyamazing
@_date: 2018-01-05 20:53:42
There are many reasons why taking on a bit of debt is good, but hopefully none are those you listed. As a European I can tell you that it is almost a cultural feature of Americans to so willingly put themselves in debt.
Do you know how people in Europe pay their student loans? They usually don't because education is almost entirely free. 
Car loans? If you can't buy a car you bike or use public transport, biking culture in even the strongest of economic powerhouses like Germany is huge.
Mortgages? Attempting to buy something like a house at a point in your life where you can not even come close to affording it is most likely financial suicide unless you've spotted yourself a location where the housing price will rise greatly, renting is almost always more economic. I'd sooner be homeless and have the potential to save up (which cryptocurrency is strangely appropriate for, you don't have to worry about someone robbing you) than live to work to pay off debts.
Regardless bitcoin won't solve people putting themselves into debt, but the severity of that debt is greatly controlled by the way FIAT works in some countries, America being a prime example. The transparency and decentralization of bitcoin is something that has the potential to fundamentally change even the most corrupt of systems, something America has the most to gain from as in many ways it truly is the greatest country in the world being held back by corruption.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:26:07
Sometimes you need to lose a bit to get ahead, that's the opinion I have of bitcoin at the moment. I don't mind it not being ready yet, I have hopefully quite a few more decades ahead of me to care about how the world is changing and to try and be part of it. More so I say that we are lucky that it has not reached it's goal, else it would be a very disappointing goal indeed.
But you're right, I don't know why people are investing, I just know from my circle what the motivations are but it would indeed be wrong of me to extrapolate that to all the people. Saying this I think we can both agree that internet people are pretty damn stubborn, cypherpunks probably chief among them. These bitcoin guys ain't giving up on their cryptocurrency because of simple things like money, as weird as that may sound. They'll keep working at that technology just like there is some guy modding 1st gen video game consoles in his basement out of amusement, it's the principle that matters. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 09:35:27
That is undeniable, we wouldn't be having these bubbles otherwise. I just don't think money is the most important thing for everyone in crypto, otherwise it would have all ended back in 2014.
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:39:35
I consider myself a moderate hodler. I've invested a lot but even with this current dip I didn't come close to losing money overall so I've not had any moment of existential panic. However I really do believe in a cryptocurrency being the ideal (or at least better than what we have as a standard today, aka. fiat). Throwing money at bitcoin is not only an investment attempt for most, but a signal to the rest of the world that they are ready to bring about change. Even entry-level skeptics of bitcoin have the most obvious doubt that even the most seasoned pros have a hard time answering: why does bitcoin have any value?
You can theorize all day about whether bitcoin should or should not be valued but at the end of the day each of our wallets speak for themselves, if enough people believe it has value it will have value, very simple. Hodlers speak with their hard earned money, call it speculation if it want but I believe that for most it truly is a principle they stand for.
@_date: 2018-05-03 03:14:10
While turning off the internet would have great consequences things like wire transfers and cheques were around before the wide-spread internet and still are used today for transfer of 'digitized' currency. I'm really optimistic on bitcoin but I think there is no point to overly down-play fiat to try and make bitcoin look better, people are less likely to take you seriously when you praise bitcoin for its own benefits.
@_date: 2018-05-02 12:29:55
How so?
@_date: 2018-05-03 14:30:00
It's not about the internet not working or disappearing tomorrow, it's about being able to use currency in areas where there is no internet, which is quite a large area across the world. A physical dollar has no difficulty being used, the fact that a lot of transactions are via the internet doesn't hinder your ability to use a physical dollar extremely easily. Bitcoin does not and will likely never have that ease, and that's a big problem. Perhaps some clever lads will think up a solution to this problem such as minting physical items to contain bitcoin addresses with a privacy guarantee (I don't think this will ever happen but it is an example). 
@_date: 2018-05-02 20:36:12
This may be true but it doesn't really make the US dollar harder to use. The way I see it there is enough physical cash circulating so that there isn't any shortage (in fact there is quite the surplus) so that anyone can have easy access to physical cash. If there were more physical dollars it wouldn't necessarily make it any easier to use, since there are already enough of them in circulation.
@_date: 2018-03-23 13:05:42
Honestly whenever I go there I look forward to the milk but it is as you say some people really don't like it. Their bread however is awful, so much salt.
@_date: 2018-03-05 20:54:38
Dude the mother can't transmit calories from her own body onto her children, which is why she needs the slices of bread. This is pretty obvious I think?
@_date: 2018-02-19 22:47:09
Don't you think it's a bit dishonest to say "We think solidity has nothing on us" when Ethereum is for dApps and your platform is very much not. Why would someone not just run their python program on a regular cloud platform since your platform requires just as much trust, arguably more trust, than your standard AWS/Google cloud solutions.
I apologize if I come off strong, but I think these are valid concerns.
@_date: 2018-03-09 09:22:19
Just goes to show that the concept of slippage isn't well understood by most people. A guy with a lot of cash can't simply sell 400$m worth of bitcoin at the "current price" and then "catch the fall" when the price drops afterwards. Because of how liquidity works the 400$m will be selling/buying bitcoin from a wider range of prices, meaning your deal gets worse the more volume you buy/sell. Attempting to manipulate the market with such a tactic is bonkers, you'd need the market to trend downwards/upwards on its own accord by A LOT to cover the losses you incurred from buying/selling at large volume. Unless, of course, you've shorted an even greater amount against it prior to selling 400$m worth of it, then you'll make a serious buck. Good luck finding someone to sell you a short 400$m+ if you're an ultra-whale though, you deserve that cash if you find that deal.
Don't get me wrong, I dislike this sell wall as much as the next guy, I think it's an unnecessary setback brought on by a strange actor, we suffer for it short-term but I think we're fine down the road. The reason I reply was just to stress that an ease of manipulating the market if you're an ultra-whale does not correlate with ease of profit-making from said manipulations, you are very likely to lose out for more than you stand to gain from it.
@_date: 2018-03-23 14:23:51
Hah seems like we all have our preferences, like in crypto so in food.