@_author: acvanzant
@_date: 2016-04-10 17:32:46
You should make the blocks super heavy or otherwise restrict them from falling off. It is inadvertently communicating a fast block speed. ~~Also, could you make them varied in size.~~
I'm imagining a pillar in the middle of the table of blocks of very slightly different sizes. Six blocks back sounds like a good height, to also illustrate a common 'trust' indicator of 6 confirmations.
@_date: 2016-04-10 17:28:46
I would rather it was such that the blocks are so super heavy that they easily stay on the table. @_date: 2019-07-21 13:56:27
I'm going to go against the majority here and say YES. Absolutely, YES! 
Bitcoin is a small but very real weakness in the containment vessel known as global banking. Before Bitcoin, when a crisis would hit a major economy other major economies were the only option. You had to choose one of the other currencies or markets to invest in. These being so entirely interdependent, governed by the same flawed Keynesian monetary policy and relatively dependent on trade with the greater global economy which is now in crisis that they aren't so much better.
This is where Bitcoin comes in. It's better. It's fundamentally different from all that, like Gold but spendable, verifiable without specialists and the vast majority of it is not locked up in a vault of one government or another, ready to be sold in defense of the paper note. 
Bitcoin makes the next financial crisis worse because the wealth doesn't stay in the system, in one bank or investment vehicle or another. Bitcoin isn't available to use as reserves to recapitalize the system with another round of quantitative easing (money printing). The next financial crisis will drag on and on. The price of Bitcoin will likely go down as the entire market deflates from it's zenith but your purchasing power will not.
@_date: 2019-07-21 13:44:09
People don't understand money but they do understand the promise of free shit today that tomorrows generations must pay for. These programs are the pillars of our current governments and the dependence they foster.
The mainstream isn't into Bitcoin yet and so the people around here, right now, aren't going to accept this, that's true. However, a mainstream Bitcoin used by the ignorant masses of the world may do just that. They will be promised economic stimulus and a reversing of inequality or they may be promised security, both network or military. They could be promised Universal Basic Income, baked into the money (I might accept this one).
There is always a very real possibility that the People choose to undermine Bitcoin for promises of free shit. We must smash and ridicule these ideas ruthlessly. This battle for our money has only just begun.
@_date: 2019-07-18 13:04:23
Until the inevitable cyclical financial crisis that occurs predictably with QE pumping and negative interest rates going on far longer than 'recovery' demands. 
Bitcoin didn't exist yet, in 2008. The next time this happens, Bitcoin is weaponized and value will flood out of their system and recapitalization and government socialization of losses will fail now that their walled garden has a big ass hole.
@_date: 2019-07-17 13:05:52
Unfortunately, legal entities are required by law to know who they're doing money transmission services for and all exchanges from our legal tender into Bitcoin involves transmitting money. However, once you've purchased Bitcoin or any token really, you can exchange it instantly for other tokens with services like Shapeshift.io or other crypto-only exchanges and participate in this alternative crypto-economy with no friction and with no identifying information being involved.
Once you want to go back into the fiat dollar system, however, you'll need to provide identity information and you'll probably want to pay taxes on transactions they can link to you. Don't make yourself a target, pay your taxes.
However, there are many peer to peer systems that allow some measure of anonymous buying and selling. Bisq is a decentralized peer to peer exchange but requires some BTC deposit for security as they cannot rely on courts when there are no identities collected. 
[Purse.io]( uses Amazon gift purchasing API to pair Bitcoin buyers with sellers who want Amazon products for their BTC. Sellers offer Bitcoin for Amazon products at some target discount from the retail cost and BTC is held in escrow to prevent fraud. This service feels shady and could disappear at any moment, but it currently works well.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:52:48
That was the argument us r/btc retards made for Segwit2X. It wasn't 'rushed' it was simply not blessed by Core.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:26:24
Isn't that Mycelium local trading?
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:32:01
This is Bitcoin. Expect people to do what serves their interests, even if that means *gasp* not fully supporting Bitcoin.
Bitcoin must compete, the same as everyone else. 
If you have to beg someone to do something, to secure your coin, to act appropriately, to implement a new system, then you've failed already. If they are not incentivized to do it on their own, it will never happen or it will be temporary and untrustworthy.
Maybe, just maybe, Bitcoin as it is, not its potential future second layer extension points, but as it is right now, is not a desirable target for corporations to develop for. These corporations who use blockchains, directly. Businesses build software as an investment, not as a throwaway temporary solution for things. These businesses have already invested millions to build systems to on-board all of these people who are currently buying your Bitcoin at 17k. 
Businesses are not the enemy. The government is the enemy. Monopoly of Force and Proof of Military as monetary systems, these are the enemy. 
If you treat corporations like the enemy like some libtards on r/socialism, they will move on and leave your coin perfectly free of corporate influence. It'll also be useless and worthless.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:01:22
There is a lot of scaling tech to come, but there's no reason besides ego to deal with the current pain, in terms of transaction fees. I'm nervous that this fight with ourselves has left us too weak to compete with external alternatives.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:44:23
You expect, what exactly? Dedication to our cause? Brothers in revolution? It's a great long or short term business strategy because Segwit doesn't really help yet without Lightning and there are plenty of other cryptocurrencies out there with people screaming for support so that their parents and grandparents can buy them. 
Coinbase is correctly building what will be most profitable. That is support for other coins, not starting from scratch with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:07:06
Indeed, some of the people I was referring to on r/socialism may believe in corporations as a positive or at least a creative force. 
I don't much know what anyone in that community believes. My understanding of socialism is that the state owns the means of production because corporate or private ownership favors capital over labor.
This wouldn't include things like anarcho-syndacalism of Chomsky which would see optional social ownership compete with traditional corporate or municipal ownership of various utilities and authorities. Much like the competition of all such monies in crypto-land and beyond. r/socialism is not r/anarchism 
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:39:30
It's obviously easier to duplicate your service for a nearly identical fork of your original target blockchain than it is to implement completely new types of transactions and features.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:04:59
Have you seen the Bitcoin dominance ratio lately? We're in free fall. We're getting by on our good name.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:50:30
Businesses that supported Segwit2x only wanted the network to continue to work with the software that they have invested in building to service their customers.
Everyone isn't a shill. Corporations are not conspiring to fuck up Bitcoin. Bitcoin did that all by itself. 
(Edit: Or is Blockstream doing it? Why are they immune to criticism?)
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:07:09
I have to do a normal transaction to move to SegWit. As you say, a very small minority of new transactions are using it. We need blockspace to make the move.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:56:45
The aspects of decentralization that are of concern are the uncapped UTXO growth and the uncapped growth of the total blockchain history. Bandwidth concerns are worthless as you don't need to act as a full peer to download the full history and validate your transactions. Bandwidth concerns are unavoidably included in the total blockchain history aspect.
With or without segwit or lightning, we have no solution for the long term unmanagable size of these datasets.
We will solve those issues, eventually anyway, because if we don't, it stops working. Limiting the blocksize only buys us time. SegWit and Lightning buy us more time to keep the blocksize small. 
These aspects of scaling are currently NOT ISSUES in the slightest and should not be for very long amounts of time due to Moores Law.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:20:47
They also serve Litecoin and Ethereum users precisely because Bitcoin is not a very good product right now and their business is selling cryptoassets.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:16:47
Ok, I admit, I had not looked. Futures gave us a big bump, recently, huh? It's no less true that we are bleeding value into alts, though, that would otherwise stay in Bitcoin if it was still cheap.
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:36:26
The word Trezor appears on that link exactly 0 times.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:36:59
I believe a miner had to mine a block larger than 1MB in order to activate the fork as a final go-signal and to make sure any miners following their chain meant to. That didn't happen. 
No miner ran code that would create blocks greater than 1MB.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:32:19
The Core developers haven't even done it for the reference client. How about this community get that done first, then we'll reconsider harassing Coinbase. (hint: Still no.)
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:34:23
Don't use Segwit.
@_date: 2015-06-15 03:50:45
I did miss that option. I sort of lumped that into the moderate-anti's. The cost of my generalizations, I guess. 
I happen to agree, as is my point I guess, that this is a non-issue that we're making so much of. Raising it won't change much because miners still choose what size blocks to create. Not raising it won't change much either since we're not really there yet, in the eco-system, where we need to compete on transactions per second.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:10:09
This is not surprising but it is also not interesting. It is simply a nice UI to do what has been possible from day one, which is actually great.
If I know what banks/NSA will see I can do better hiding.
@_date: 2015-06-20 23:39:57
^ This guy gets it. 
However, there IS an argument to be made that Bitcoin isn't money. The blog doesn't make that argument, though. It is a relatively worthless academic argument over semantics. 
The argument, as I see it, is to compare Bitcoin to a commodity as it is limited in quantity. It follows that it can be considered real and so it cannot be money since money is imaginary. Currency being real. This is why the publication called it a currency.
Both serve the purpose of facilitating trade and serving as a store of value, etc. and both are regulated under existing law using a single umbrella understanding of 'money'.
@_date: 2015-06-21 02:10:30
Right. Bitcoin, like gold, is a commodity. It doesn't have to be used as money. Bitcoin represents work done for the Bitcoin network. The first application is to serve as money. Money doesn't exist physically. It is in our intentions that something becomes our money (when we spend it and denominate trade in it). When we 'think' in it, if that makes any sense.
Bitcoin is more than money, much like the blog is suggesting. What we do with Bitcoin, currently, is to use it in barter, as a commodity currency. We don't conduct ourselves completely in Bitcoin. We still operate in dollars. Dollars are our money. Bitcoin is a currency we use to transfer money.
The end game is for Bitcoin to be our money. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:24:50
This guy is a statist, pure and simple. He believes that morality is something to be forced onto people coercively. 
I just spent some time reading his ["BRIEF INTELLECTUAL HISTORY OF THE LESSER DEPRESSION"]( which is just an argument for more government financial enforcement of his version of morality.
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:05:19
The block being submitted includes some subset of the pending transactions, plus the nonce. The hash is only valid for that block, with those transactions (including the one claiming the block subsidy) if it is found.
A hash found cannot be used for arbitrary transactions or to alter the recipient of the block subsidy. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:48:28
 "The joy of handles." by Anonymous from March 1992.
"We should never so entirely avoid danger as to appear
irresolute and cowardly.  But, at the same time, we should
avoid unnecessarily exposing ourselves to danger, than
which nothing can be more foolish." - Cicero
@_date: 2014-03-18 23:15:47
I was speaking of Credit Cards use over the internet, so cash isn't an option there. Bitcoin could be seen as the currency of the internet. It can work for any type of transaction, but it will live or die as the currency of internet and international transactions.
There's no reason to expect cash or checks to be replaced completely. The argument is for Bitcoin's competitiveness with those technologies. It is competitive but ultimately people will decide for themselves so all of the above will be used for the foreseeable future. 
I think you're limiting yourself by thinking in absolutes. The all or nothing comparison you're making doesn't apply in reality. Credit/Debit Cards didn't replace checks, but less and less merchants are willing to bother with checks these days. This is, what? 30-40 years after their invention? Checks aren't going anywhere and neither are credit cards. 
Truly, Bitcoin does not offer anything new to a Western consumer. It is a currency, we have those. It is a payment network, we have those. Its brilliance is in offering those without empowering any political establishment or industry with centralized control over the money we all use in half of every transactions we make. In doing so it is neutral. It is international. It is unrestrained by borders and costly regulation. The responsibility for, and ultimately the power over the money is in the users hands; not in a bank or government.
@_date: 2014-06-14 05:16:51
This was always going to be possible and the truth of Bitcoin's ability to survive it was always to be determined. So far the community's distribution and makeup have kept us from finding out. It's a theoretical attack. Making any money on it is difficult to do. 
Malevolence is the only plausible motivation for such an attack. Bitcoin may be hitting the mainstream too quickly but at least we're going to find out what happens sooner than later. 
I personally would love to see a small time attack like from a selfish sketchy pool operator before we see an attack from a national or regional effort to harm Bitcoin. The reaction will speak volumes for Bitcoin's true store of value function which is its remaining doubt among scholars and traditional financial professionals. We know it serves as money well; it transfers; it works. We don't know that it'll be around in whatever number of years. We don't know how the network will roll with algorithm changes that are absolutely inevitable. We don't know if someone will find a way to make this attack seem profitable or, in the case of a national attacker, if we will be able to react and survive.
The battle for this planet's freedom to transact hasn't even begun. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 02:58:00
You.. I like you.
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:43:06
The only threat from such centralization is in voting for protocol changes. If there is not discussion ahead of time about such changes it will appear as an attack and the above will play out.
If there is discussion over protocol changes such an entity would have far too much power to decide. It could technically decide for the protocol change all by itself. This is essentially no different than the above scenario and the conflict would play out in public, on our nodes, if there are any resistant to the change. 
The only difference is that the developers would not step in as they are likely involved in the discussion to change the protocol.  This is really not much different than the above scenario except all of the participants are open and talking about what they want, prior to the release. Also, the code would be open for review. I would expect these actors to want Bitcoin to survive and so it would, one way or another. 
I actually expect this to be the case, someday. Eventually it will be the Coinbases and BitPays that mine in order to have a vote in a system they are so utterly dependent on. Also, the current network topography can't handle many transactions per second but if most of the miners are in large data-centers with exceptional connectivity between each other, we could push the block size up and up. We desperately need higher transactions per second. I think TreeChains are a good solution without requiring highly centralized mining to achieve high transactions per second.
In the event that an entity with total and physical control over such hashing power decided to alter Bitcoin's fundamentals such that currently undesirable things such as inflation, filtering or reversible transactions are made possible... well, we are free to cash out and use another cryptocurrency. 
This is actually the only thing I'm truly afraid of. *Policy changes.* I can easily see people 30-50 years from now forgetting how ridiculous it was to have inflationary currencies or such restrictions on spending money over national borders, etc. This does not depend on centralized mining, this depends on wide spread ignorance and corporate propaganda. 
No protocol can protect us from this.
@_date: 2014-06-06 20:56:07
For all of those saying 'No thanks' to 'global' 'government' you should notice that Bitcoin is a global system that governs transactions. It is a global government.
OP is not saying, yay NWO. He's saying yay progress because this is big progress. Government without corruption exists. It is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-13 02:32:40
Right, so I have to agree. Side Chains are going to be like alt-coins on the same algorithm, essentially. They're in a precarious position. They have to beg the all-mighty hashing gods for blessing and protection, basically. Hash for us and do it legit, don't eat us please.
A good example is NameCoin. It is doing well. It's network is strong. Quite a few large Bitcoin miners legitimately mine NameCoin. If NameCoin stumbles or its development slows or stops fewer and fewer people will bother legitimately mining for NameCoin, opening it up to attack. 
It's a battle of public relations and ideology. Some of these alt-chains will have great promise and could potentially be backed up by significant legal power and guarantees. For examples, governments or corporations, etc. The same way Amazon has its AmazonBucks at 1:1 American Dollars. As long as faith in those public guarantees and reputations are maintained, legitimate hashing wins.
If a group of people want to build a pool with an ideology in mind, with an alt-chain service that goes beyond Bitcoin's functionality to do something more, like perfect anonymity, mixing built in, for example, they could and like NameCoin, as long as alot of people have made up to their mind to support your endeavor, they'll hash for you legitimately.
I can think of some examples for which I'd go out of my way to hash for. 
A service that spends Bitcoins around to register certificates and validate a distributed web of trust network. A replacement for all 3rd party certificate authorities. 
How about making a NameCoin competitor that spends Bitcoins around for that same service. That may be for more convenient to internet denizens. 
How about a local democracy that wants to put in a voting process that involves everyone being issued some fraction of a Bitcoin representing one vote.
The list goes on... AmazonCoin, FedCoin... this is an interesting and promising development. It's just that none of us know what kind of problems we're going to run into before we've worked out all the kinks.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:45:23
Bitcoin is *potentially* a replacement for many technologies and services. The blockchain's first and currently only application is for electronic cash. This means you're right about a lot of what you've said.
Bitcoin doesn't replace banking services offering interest or credit. 
However there is a reason to use Bitcoin over Credit Cards. **The Internet!** Credit Cards were never made for the internet. In order to transact you must provide ALL of the information required to issue transactions now or in the future. You're hoping that a) they're trustworthy or b) even if they're not there is insurance against loss. This insurance costs money and thus raises the cost of the transaction for the merchant. This makes Bitcoin cheaper for a merchant and drives merchant acceptance. If this is cheaper on the merchant, it's cheaper on the consumer.
On to your second point, that Bitcoin won't replace checks until literally everyone is willing to accept them: First what is a check? It is a transaction represented on paper between banks, signed by you. You're right to differentiate this from Credit Cards. However, what actually happens for a check to become a deposit? You probably see this as an instantaneous thing. You pay the merchant, the merchant gives it to his bank and he sees a deposit into his account. There is a lot more going on.
First, your bank and the merchant's bank must coordinate. This is typically done via a computer system distributed among the member banks. A different system for Europe and America, each. No such systems exist for the vast majority of the world. An employee would manually create a digital transaction from the check and execute it. Notice the cost associated with this here. An employee must be employed by the bank to service checks. When this employee gets around to doing this is anyone's guess. The merchant likely has an instant deposit in his account because the bank has insurance against fraud and loss. Again, this insurance costs the merchant and the consumer eventually, just like your 'free' checks do you. You're paying for the maintenance of this computer system, the employees and the insurance, eventually. 
Checks are not the only bank to bank transactions that are occurring, and these other types of transactions are really where Bitcoin shines.
Imagine the customer's bank is outside of the kind-of web of trust that the banking industry has concocted. There is no instant deposit. The merchant must wait. Wait for the employee to get around to it. Wait for the transaction to be accepted by the external bank, a manual process on their end. And finally, he must wait out the period of time that the external bank has to refund the transaction. 
This system makes it almost impossible for small businesses to be international. There are 4+ billion customers for the products and services created globally that have no ability to make those, or perhaps any, purchases. Either they are underbanked or the governments involved make it impossible due to regulation. Bitcoin makes it possible for a business, located anywhere on earth, to provide products or services to anyone else on earth, instantly. There is relatively no waiting and absolutely no fraud or charge-backs. 
Compared to Bitcoin, the current system is archaic.
Your final statement, 'Nobody holds on to their own money'. This is true, sadly. I personally see Bitcoin as the solution to this sad reality. People should physically *own* their money. Prior to Bitcoin owning your own money meant being unable to spend it. You had to have cash in a safe or under a rock. Alternatively you could own gold, similarly, or in a safety deposit box. Now I can own my own money AND spend it instantly, globally. That's huge.
You're only looking at this from the perspective of a (rather well serviced Western) consumer. Thanks for asking such a great question, though!
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:02:05
The people 'with their head stuck in the sand' understand something that you and the other fear mongers don't seem to get. 
We would see all the conflict between forks, chains, and transactions play out on our nodes. The current distribution of hashing power is no where near what is needed to successfully pull off this attack, long term. This is because 51% does not give them instantaneous control. It gives them a guarantee, were they able to keep 51% ***forever***, that they would ***EVENTUALLY*** be able to create a longer chain.
A lot can and would happen between now and eventually. 
On top of all of that you must consider the fact that the physical centralization of mining is extremely low. GHash.IO has the largest amount of hardware physically under their control but it is no where near large enough. Most of that 51% is people who physically control their hardware and choose to mine at GHash.IO. 
Without physical control over 51% they will lose if they attack the blockchain. The thousands or 10's of thousands of individuals who make up that 51% at GHash.IO will quickly respond to an actual attack.
A run of luck that brings GHash.IO up to near 51% is not an attack and merits no response.
@_date: 2014-06-16 03:01:44
The attack doesn't occur until it occurs. Decentralization is as much about transparency, all knowledge available to all nodes, as it is about transactional security, that attackers eventually lose to the fact that most people want Bitcoin to work and obey the rules as expected.
I believe attackers eventually lose, still. If I didn't I'd be selling down to $0. Even though power is centralized in voluntary collectives and they're technically given control to a single entity, initiating an attack will cause significant hashing power to abandon them in short order. Attackers still eventually lose.
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:32:35
It doesn't require trust if you can audit their compliance, which we can.
It only requires trust if a single entity had physical and total control over quite a bit more than 51% of the hashing power, such that keeping 51% for long enough is not an issue.
The idea is that anyone with deep pockets and a willingness to invest it into Bitcoin hardware would do better to play by the rules than to attack. 
Let's imagine your doomsday scenario. A government buys every chip built for long enough time to collect over 100% of the current hash rate such that when they power on their computers, they have over 50% physically in their control and no one expects a thing.
This single entity has over 50% and having bought all new hardware, it's unlikely someone could manufacture and deploy additional equipment in a timely manner. We're in a bad spot, no doubt, but how would the attack play out?
First, they'd start denying transactions that other blocks may contain. The other 50% will allow these transactions and would produce blocks with them. They'd deny these blocks causing a fork. They would also start issuing blocks with invalid transactions. This also causes a fork.
These blocks would be sent to everyone. Our machines would know within 10 minutes and our community would likely know very soon after that.  
What's the result? Do you think they just win? That seems to be what everyone thinks. Game over. They win. That's not how it is. 
They have to keep winning and keep winning and I don't mean for 6 confirmations or even 100. I mean forever winning. All the while this entity is hashing long ass chains of blocks, the rest of the network is building on the legitimate, but shorter chain and goes on working on legitimate blocks. The attacker would ignored, regardless of their chain length, by miners who update their client as the developers are sure to react. It would be war on the blockchain.
I can't imagine anyone wins forever in this scenario but lets imagine they keep on winning forever. Lets imagine the developers do nothing. What do they get? Ultimately the only thing they can accomplish is to kill SHA256 Bitcoin. All-in-All, it accomplishes very little since we could always switch algorithms without having to start over. The attacker spent all this money just to disrupt the mining industry, causing SHA256 miners to be worthless for Bitcoin. They could always mine another coin, though the attacker would instantly have the power to attack that network too.
51% attacks have happened on alt-coins before. Do you know what happened? They either die or survive. 
The damage to Bitcoin's image would be significant and we should avoid even the possibility, but the fear that some here have that some dominant player will eventually be filtering transactions and doing double spends as much as it likes, while we sit by helplessly, is absolutely bogus. 
Bitcoin will work as expected or it will be attacked. It will evolve or die if attacked. There is no middle ground where it works but it's back to being centralized and controlled.
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:23:29
I mentioned this above, but I will repeat it here where you asked. Address reuse is not recommended, merely permitted. 
If he gets his funds to the same address every month, anytime he spends from that address someone knows more about him. 
Say you pay him to a single address and he buys something from walmart. Now walmart knows his identity and since they know this address they know this address is him, forever. 
If this address continues to get deposits walmart can know pretty confidently a lower bound on how much this individual is worth.
There are many more examples but that is the simplest.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:55:46
His argument against Bitcoin as a store-of-value is interesting. He argues that since we can create thousands of crypto-currencies with little effort that demand for Bitcoins will be diminished in a sea of copies, reducing its ability to serve as a store-of-value.
I disagree because he inconsistently applies this proposition. If we look at the globe as a closed system. Any wealth in one currency cannot be in another. In this way wealth stored in new crypto-currencies cannot be in Bitcoin, but it cannot be in gold either. You could probably say that the modern creation of purely fiat currencies has already done this to gold. Only governments now put a significant amount of savings in gold.
Overall, this is a very thorough and fairly unbiased review of the gamut of economic opinions on Bitcoin, however he's obviously a gold-bug and this clouds his conclusion significantly.
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:19:45
I wouldn't dismiss a payroll API as overkill. Each month you should be sending to a different address of his. Bitcoin allows address reuse but it significantly reduces security and privacy.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:14:01
That's a bingo.
@_date: 2014-03-15 03:11:08
A few powerhouses doing all of the hashing isn't a good thing. 
However, that's not the case. The giant pools are actually thousands of users large and it is effectively no work to point at another pool. 
Pools are a way for the multitudes of miners to reduce the risk of going it alone. 
The machines coming online now are likely individuals purchasing from the rather healthy miner production industry.
The larger the network the more secure Bitcoin is. The more secure Bitcoin is the better it works as a security (a store-of-value). We already know Bitcoin works as a payments network. The other major role for a currency is to be a store-of-value. Goldman Sachs recently criticized Bitcoin's ability to be a better store-of-value.
Their already weak criticism will be banished without question as the network becomes impossible to overpower. 
Relax dude, this is great.
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:41:22
Hell yeah, so true.
@_date: 2014-05-06 14:02:26
I'm in. Love UFC.
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:37:34
Oh, is that so? Cypherpunks? Blockstream investors are cypherpunks now. I'm sure they weren't informed.
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:17:04
It's a function that is hard to do and easy to verify. It's easy to verify so all the nodes of the network can do this verification. It's hard to do because it takes time to hash (that's the mathematical problem) and the resulting hash must result in leading 0's out to some length (this is the difficulty).
@_date: 2017-02-09 19:22:54
One would also have to have their head up their ass. All anyone (who is legitimate and not trolling) on the 'other side' has ever wanted was a permanent scaling solution.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:27:24
Someone who understands! You're a rare bird!
@_date: 2017-02-15 15:20:27
I'm just saying that the only power users (or nodes) have is their freedom to sell the asset they don't want and demand and pay more for the one they do want.
@_date: 2017-02-20 15:15:02
The first two do.
@_date: 2017-02-14 16:54:49
I asked first. You've completely ignored the point I am making without even attempting to counter it except to suggest I'm ignorant and I should think more and learn more. Just because we disagree doesn't mean I haven't thought all about it or that I haven't read everything you have.
It is inconsistent to rely on wealthy only bitcoin users/corporations to transact with expensive fees because we want to keep nodes cheap for the poorest people in the world.
@_date: 2017-02-14 20:21:45
It won't give more power to miners. Miners have all the power, already. There will be no blocks built without them. Nodes can't reliably vote. There's no (real) cost to spoofing those numbers. Developers can only suggest what you should run, they have no power to force code changes.
The issue is political, indeed. It's a ploy to change where people perceive the power to be. They goal seems to be to take power away from the miners. 
This idea CORE has that they're in control and they can 'fire' the miners and protect Bitcoin from expanding too rapidly and that they know what's best and that we should trust their centralized governance and maintenance. This is the political power grab in this whole situation. 
Miners aren't doing anything except not volunteering to signal for SegWit. They are literally just staying silent except for a minority. Those signaling SegWit and those signalling BU are, together, not a majority.
@_date: 2017-02-19 17:54:10
I've attempted to answer this several times. I'll just leave the links here.
@_date: 2017-02-08 21:40:10
First a nation would have to adjust to admit, permanently, that it should only ever spend previously collected tax income.
A nation's currency (currently) is debt. This is not only debt, but very cheap debt. If you tried to borrow Bitcoin it would not come cheap since, unlike most government currencies, you have to give up your Bitcoin to loan it out.
A nation, then, is essentially giving up on deficit financing by using an external money. Nigeria using US Dollars is this case. They have shown an inability to be trusted with this power. 
The gold standard is different, still. The dollar was pegged at an exchange rate and this was adjusted as needed. They still get to issue debt as currency but they don't have to adjust the exchange rate until later. This is not fundamentally different than having a pure fiat currency and holding reserves in order to defend a desired exchange rate with the external currencies that are important.
Ultimately it would look like a gold standard, at best. At worst it would look like Nigeria. A country that is trustworthy and respectable would simply fix prices and actively exchange any dollars for Bitcoin at that rate, infinitely. A country without public confidence would simply use Bitcoin directly for income and payments. It would issue no currency.
@_date: 2014-03-15 03:17:45
Wouldn't price also be an indicator of how many people believe it will be successful? 
Doesn't it follow that the higher the hashrate, the higher the price? 
I think so. I also think for other reasons network strength = price. It is ultimately the determining factor for its value. If it is functional (transactional) and secure it has value. The more of that it is, the more valuable it is. 
There's more. The only costs associated with Bitcoin are the transactional processing ones. If their costs go up, the cost of Bitcoin goes up, like any other industrial production.
If you hold bitcoin, you want more hashing power.
@_date: 2017-02-15 18:48:14
Users are gladly accepting it and the price shows this. The only power users or nodes have is to exit. Sell your coins or move your node to another network. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:45:52
It has done wonders for me, talking to friends. It's not about having a new currency besides the current ones. It's about an internet protocol for value transfer. 
@_date: 2017-02-14 22:19:17
That is what we take issue with. Non-mining nodes are essentially just relays. They don't decide anything. The system works 100% without relays. The mining nodes will be able to find other mining nodes.
This philosophy you have is the issue here. A new understanding of Bitcoin is being promoted by CORE which is completely invalid. Miners have the power that they want to claim.
Really Nonmining Nodes are only worthwhile to the person running the node so they don't have to trust another party. Otherwise they are simply relays and have no power.
@_date: 2017-02-14 22:44:02
No it's not 51% of the nodes that decide. Each node decides on its own.
Both blockchains exist and are valid to their own nodes. Nodes don't matter to the blockchains. Nodes are just users. Users can float around and don't impact the actual block construction. The amount of miners a group of users can attract and incentivize determines if that group of users (nodes) ultimately build the larger total proof of work chain.
And even then you can keep both chains. I know as a user I'm going to use the chain with the most proof of work because the minor chain could always be 51% attacked by the miners of the larger chain. (As some miner's have threatened to do if CORE attempts to 'fire' them.)
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:30:03
A permanent solution doesn't have to be perfect, just permanent. That is, we don't have to talk about it any more. 
For those of us on the 'other side' anything that does not allow the block size to expand as technology advances is not permanent.
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:43:46
No, the longest cumulative double-SHA256-proof-of-work today is the .7 branch of that 2013 fork.
For a few hours, Bitcoin was the .8 fork... If it wasn't for a highly centralized mining situation Bitcoin would be that .8 fork today, however messy that would of been.
Now that we're longer than the .8 fork, we're once again Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:45:05
I'm like most Bitcoin users, I presume. We're not gambling every day. We're not buying drugs or running an OpenBazaar store. We're believers and we hold. When we are looking at our outputs and thinking, I should spend some, or maybe show my friend how awesome Bitcoin is... 
We have to look at our legacy outputs and consider an outrageous fee. Outputs that have too few coins are still un-spendable because the fees may STILL cost more since those outputs are not SegWit outputs.
@_date: 2017-02-08 15:25:45
Yes it had an impact and it should. That's not the point of defining Bitcoin as Gavin is proposing here. 
The point is that, at that instant, Bitcoin was the .8 chain. They all knew it and without a third of the hash rate on their side they would of been stuck with it. 
The .7 chain didn't become Bitcoin until it caught up and passed the .8 chain in total proof of work.
Bitcoin is not what some portion of the community think it is. It is not what the developers in a chat room say it is. It is what it is. It is the chain that has been built up until then. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 15:22:57
I don't promote or encourage BU as a solution. I only want to argue against what is quickly becoming popular knowledge in this community. That full blocks are ok and Bitcoin can survive (much less thrive) as a settlement only, non-cash layer. 
That is the attack on Bitcoin. Bitcoin will be uninteresting worthless tech in 20 years if it does not continue to be cash, work fast and compete economically (low fees) with all alternatives that will come along.
@_date: 2017-02-14 22:30:17
This is important. Economically powerful nodes do exist but there is no protocol measure for which ones are economically powerful. There is real power in being able to spend the coins that are created by miners (or paid to them in fees). 
However, they don't have any real exclusive control so it won't be a factor long term. It's just a short term consideration. If I'm mining and need to sell to pay debt or rent or utilities, etc. then I can't go against this economically powerful node. I need to sell to avoid defaulting. 
Eventually, someone will set up an exchange if demand exists even if it is completely minor and tiny in comparison to the major chain. Look at ETC/ETH.
Users could be said to be the ultimate power in that their demand fuels everything, but we should stick to talking about what the protocol can accomplish. 
The Bitcoin protocol puts the miners in charge because they're the only ones who can prove they are only voting once (you can't hash for two chains at once) and that have an economic incentive to ensure transactions are valid because other miners won't build on their blocks otherwise.
Nodes could care less if transactions are valid because they risk nothing if they accept invalid transactions.
@_date: 2014-03-19 02:29:32
You're not wrong but you're not quite right, yet. 
Consider the relationship of gold to sovereign notes and you'll see where Bitcoin fits, as a currency.
Then there's Bitcoin, the technology, simultaneously competing with traditional remittances, banking, credit cards, cash and paypal. I'm not saying Bitcoin is the solution for everyone. It's not trying to be. Each individual will make the choice they're comfortable with, not just the one that maximizes profit. 
The bigger corporations, however, are another story. They don't have feelings. They don't care about being right or wrong. They don't have an ego. They just want profit. Time will tell.
Yes, gold, commodities, Bitcoin, any economic activity is and can be controlled by the dominant actors in the market. However, with gold and Bitcoin it's a fair game. There's no 'reserve' status currency. Bring on the FedCoin competition. There's no state vs state currency manipulation. However governments are free to build pre-mined crypto-coins and require they be used for taxes and such. 
Bitcoins are neutral, like gold has been for thousands of years. Except now someone inside Zimbabwe can send it instantly to China or Europe to purchase goods or services without having to bribe 20 government employees first.
@_date: 2017-02-20 02:22:19
are you a bot?
@_date: 2017-02-09 19:17:59
Not to mention that in order for fees to ever get that high the user experience would have to be terrible. Essentially, if fees are 36 dollars per transaction, no one is going to be able transact in amounts less than 300 dollars or more. 10% of a transaction is still absurd. This makes outputs with less than 300 dollars worth of Bitcoin, essentially worthless.
We can't have sustained high fees and a functional Bitcoin. Fungability gets lost. User's have horrible experiences and flee the economy for more welcoming communities. 
The bullshit some people have been sold is an attempt by the bankers to co-opt Bitcoin and make it a layer of settlement for banks ONLY. 
@_date: 2017-02-21 15:14:05
Fungibility is broken by full blocks. All coins are not equal. Outputs that have too little value are effectively unspendable.
@_date: 2017-02-07 19:32:15
There's no discrepancy. Bitcoin is the longest chain using SHA256, etc. That we, a separate thing, human participants and developers, wanted Bitcoin to be different has no impact on what Bitcoin was/is, at a specific moment in time.
This wasn't significant in 2013 and Gavin even acknowledges and accepts the consensus because BTCGuild is going to mine on .7 and single-handedly ensure .7 will be the longest chain eventually. 
Today it is very significant. With discussion of minority forks changing POW or a miner pushed fork to change the block-size we should discuss, as neutrally as possible, what makes Bitcoin Bitcoin and what makes a potential competing fork, not.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:02:29
Your post is bad and you should feel bad.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:22:42
You know, we all have to spend currently outrageous fees to make regular transactions to convert those outputs to SegWit outputs. I'm not looking forward to 'upgrading' my outputs. I don't make transactions often. I have no incentive to upgrade. 
I will upgrade when I make a purchase, if SegWit is successful, but the fees being outrageous really discourages that doesn't it? 
SegWit is nice, its fancy, it solves several infrastructure issues but what it is not is a simple and straightforward block size increase. Bitcoin is drowning in a poor user experience and promises, with CORE's guidance, to forever be an expensive corporate settlement layer. Whatever you think you know about technology or how impossible it is for Bitcoin to be what it has been for 9 years, that should scare all of you. 
The only way to defeat Bitcoin is to make it uncompetitive with alternatives. You can't attack it head on. You can't buy it all without enabling it. You can't stop every over the counter trade with regulation or capital controls. The only way to stop Bitcoin from disrupting all of the power of the world's banking and political elite is to make it boring. To make it slow and expensive. To ensure the only thing it offers is high minded idealism and criminality.
@_date: 2017-02-14 22:53:58
I'm specifically speaking for the protocol, not the bitcoin market at large. The protocol cannot put nodes in control of anything because they would be gamed and defeated.
The protocol puts miners in charge. Miners want to fulfill a demand for the coins they produce so ultimately, in a market sense, you're right. However, the protocol is what needs to change in order to scale.
@_date: 2017-02-15 18:50:58
[Work, Proof of]( 
@_date: 2017-02-09 19:09:55
You do realize that in order for 2 orders of magnitude higher fees to be sustainable 2 orders of magnitude more users would need to be onlined. Users see high fees and say meh... 
What is more realistic, a more centralized but still functionally decentralized (like the internet) Bitcoin that can afford the security because there is no resistance to onlining users from high fees or a Bitcoin with absurdly high fees that still manages to attract 2 orders of magnitude more users?
@_date: 2017-02-15 18:52:04
It's still not profitable to mine.
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:10:14
I don't know if I believe him but if what he is saying is true, and assuming costs of scale help tremendously over smaller miners, then the price of Bitcoin should just under 320 bucks.
The reason the price has dropped significantly below this is because of people who bought at much lower prices who fear losing profits. 
I expect the price to rebound. Mining is where the value is generated, in security for the transaction network and the fungability of the unit. If it costs 320 to create new Bitcoins and assuming supply and demand are equal Bitcoins should cost 320. Supply very much out paces demand right now in the case of speculators and people holding from earlier. That's the hard part to account for but this is very informative if he's being honest.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:48:11
Who cares about small individual entities when the only transactions that can be afforded by anyone are hundreds or thousands of dollars, at least. 
Legacy outputs that have too few coins are still un-spendable because the fees may STILL cost more since those outputs are not SegWit outputs. 
@_date: 2017-02-19 19:06:39
This doesn't hold up to analysis. The lightning network transactions are largely signature data and so regardless of how many transactions they contain, unless we are using the entire 4MB blockweight, these transactions will be no more profitable for miners than normal transactions. However, they do cost more to deal with in true size/bandwidth and validation complexity.
@_date: 2017-02-20 02:17:51
We can hardly get people to use Bitcoin and it's as simple as can be, after the personal digital security disclaimer. Do you think anyone is going to use a Bitcoin that is expensive to transact in AND the only way to avoid that is to go back the way they came and lock their money into some channel and trust a system even further from their comprehension. Why use that Bitcoin? 
This absurd idea is the true attack on Bitcoin. The result is to make bitcoin expensive and even more difficult to use or comprehend or trust.
Sure, developers and corporations will use it to deliver services but those services will be perfectly compatible with existing regulations, etc.  Do you want to free yourselves from the tyranny of borders and taxation that always eventually pays for war or do you just want to get rich on corporate capital investment?
You people have been conned. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:59:37
We can wait. I suppose we only have to wait until a certain corporation runs out of money.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:26:29
Please explain how? 
At every turn and at every opportunity the 'opposition' maintains the same message which is precisely what you're now claiming they are resisting. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 20:06:05
So, lets break this down. 70% increase in average node bandwidth in one year (small sample size) while node counts increased, so we're not seeing people drop off causing the average to go up. We're seeing people join with strong connections.
While mining is highly decentralized according to [Neighborhood Pool Watch]( and this post. 
Why so much drama here? We have the technology and we have plenty of wiggle room to work with in expanding the block size significantly. Technical issues not-withstanding, the arguments for keeping 1MB in terms of an increases' impact on node quality and count seem to be worthless. 
(We all already accept this right since SegWit is a blocksize increase. /s)
@_date: 2015-01-02 18:27:59
I guess I'm a crypto extremest. I'm into Bitcoin for its political potential because money is nothing but political. It represents a King or a Mint. A bank or a country. It is Trust manifested. Bitcoin is important because it gives us all the advantages of money and debt (built on top, not as money) without trusting in a political entity. Any entity.
I agree that cutting a 'deal' with the Statists is the wrong way to go. ~~I want them to come at us.~~ They will ceaselessly attempt to neuter, co-opt or destroy this potential. We should embrace it. Bitcoin is anti-fragile. It will absorb all attacks. The weak link is us. The people. We are very bad at falling for the tricks. For wanting things easy. We want Bitcoin to only go up. We, a lot of us, don't even really believe in this political potential. Then there is the rest of the world who have such a twisted view of money that they believe all the crap about terrorism and drug bazaars. 
Cooperation with regulation is inevitable but we should fight it, we shouldn't embrace it. These guys just want profitable business ventures.
@_date: 2015-01-03 01:18:55
It will survive but the dream can die with us. I believe Bitcoin's basic source of value is the ability to transact universally. Accepting any limitation of this is a slippery slope.
Though even then, the proverbial cat is out of the bag. There will be dark-coins and such. However without volume any impact will be limited and its use will be taboo, like TOR has become. 
Technology is but a tool; we have to want to be free. This subreddit needs to get back to its Libertarian roots, honestly. This "lets go mainstream, NOW NOW NOW" is only impatience by unbelievers.
@_date: 2015-01-14 01:28:37
don't use paypal
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:34:07
You mean you think r/bitcoin will be shocked and confused when the network finds consensus in a non-CORE solution in the future, as Democrats were when Trump won?
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:48:38
1. It tries to fix too much at once. Consensus will always be easier to reach on small well understood micro-changes.
2. Soft-fork complication means those with the knowledge and skill to further work on Bitcoin is reduced to a special few.
3. Not a long term solution to scaling, itself. (This is what we all want solved, ON CHAIN. Lightning is not Bitcoin. Bitcoin still needs a scaling solution to even handle lightning channel opening and closing transactions.)
This last one is less about SegWit and more about the philosophy of off-chain over on-chain. SegWit is a short-term, one-time scaling solution for Bitcoin that they hope solves the issue for good with Lightning Networks to follow. This ideology is dangerous to Bitcoin in my opinion and miners know it is dangerous to their profitability.
If you rely on high fees to handle the total miner reward (in a future with no block subsidy) using a constrained block-space then competition with other blockchains or corporate payment systems will place an upper limit on total fees available to miners (total Bitcoin security). 
If you rely on scale and a (miner set and optional) minimum fee per transaction there is no reduction in demand due to high fees. Individual users do not see any incentives to look for alternatives. Competition is not incentivized. The potential fees scale to infinity as Bitcoin itself scales (whatever safe long term scaling solution that is) because the potential fees would not be limited by how much individual users are willing to pay. It is limited only by how many users the system can handle at once.
@_date: 2017-02-14 16:21:56
Ok, assuming I believe that, why is it so important for it to be cheap to run a node? 
If that's the case the cost of running a node should also scale up to the users you're targeting. No need in holding it back at 1MB for the plebs who won't be able to afford to transact, anyway.
@_date: 2017-02-12 19:10:07
The issue is that the political environment has effectively guaranteed no outright block-size increase will be possible even after SegWit. CORE can and will easily say, look, we tried (luke-jr's BIP) and happily move on to working on their corporate customer's side-chains and getting paid. There is no incentive for CORE to actually work on or promote a legitimate block-size increase (as in one that would actually even approach consensus). 
If I were miners and I saw SegWit was about to pass and Lightning was about to come along and offer an alternative to paying miners AND for the last 2 years CORE has been obstructing and delaying and changing arguments and breaking agreements, would you let that happen, if you had the power to resist?
No.  CORE needs to cross the road and provide some reason to have faith in a future where miners are a respected. Right now they are treated as slaves. You mine what we (nodes, economic consensus and users) say. Don't claim you have any power. Don't try to negotiate as equals. Don't participate in an alternative to us. Obey.
I don't know if it is out of fear of the unknown (Most pools and large (non-pool) miners are Chinese and don't speak the same language as CORE, so we don't know their politics or how the market would react to a power grab by china or a coalition of miners) or if it is simply desiring power for its own sake but CORE has decided it and the nodes have the power and that the miners are expendable. 
That is rather different than the way Bitcoin was marketed early on. It was sold as miners secure your money, not merely having thousands of nodes.
The issue is not technical. It is about power. It is political. That bitcoin becomes unchangeable in the face of these political pissing contests is about the best feature it has.
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:09:38
You're missing a few dozen years of growing up. No one is perfect and even though you may dislike him or his opinions that doesn't mean those who are of a like mind are deserving of your dislike by association. Shutting down and ignoring everyone who disagrees with you says more about you than Roger.
I find Peter Rizun to be much more agreeable and polite in personality while he has the same political beliefs, that BU is the way. He's actually, you know, doing the work. Roger is just loud.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:51:05
We will patiently wait. What you're describing is what is happening. If you look at Bitcoin itself, it just keeps on. It might not be ideal but until a magical best of both worlds solution is proposed and tested, we will just wait.
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:19:49
Being here doesn't mean agreeing to the gospel.
@_date: 2017-03-02 19:57:43
A solution is built with a vision and a philosophy. The philosophy that resulted in SegWit is what I mean. That is that a group of developers with rather narrow backgrounds and interests, claim the power to decide on economic policy settings. That we (users/nodes/miners) can't be trusted to run configurable software responsibly. (How robust is Bitcoin if a few nodes/miners running non-consensus settings is dangerous? It's not, they'd be orphaned.) 
Especially the idea that it should be so cheap to run a full node that single simple transactions should cost more than a full node costs all year. I, personally believe the opposite. It should be much cheaper to transact than fully participate with a full node. That matches the reality of the commitment required.
@_date: 2017-02-14 22:51:40
That is correct. A node still doesn't care if transactions are valid in general. A node operator cares if their incoming transactions are valid which is the only real point to operating a node unless you're mining. Nodes are users. Users only have any power in that they determine market demand for the asset being issued. 
Most users don't run nodes though so nodes are pointless in trying to determine this.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:01:33
UASF FTW!
UASF = war on miners...
Miners got the message.
UASF FTW!
@_date: 2017-02-15 17:18:41
Small incremental changes.
@_date: 2017-03-03 17:38:42
You don't know what decentralized means.
@_date: 2017-03-06 15:38:24
All you're doing is claiming you should be able to vote for those who abstain. People aren't voting because they prefer neither solution. Come up with an alternative instead of trying to engineer the system to force through your change.
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:10:26
It would only be a hard fork if those un-upgraded nodes that consider SegWit transactions valid, were upgraded to cause a fork.
Without upgrading they continue on like normal with the exception being that if they are given a valid to them anyone can spend transaction that is invalid to SegWit. In this case there will be a fork but it will not last long without other upgraded attacker nodes and miners.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:31:41
Look inward, not just outward. It's the same everywhere when complex topics must be communicated to a population of voters. People don't like nuance. They want answers! Direct and unqualified righteousness.
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:35:49
No. 95%, as currently coded will activate leaving 5% functioning on old rules. 
The other 5% could continue without upgrade and a SegWit output could be spent, according to old nodes, by anyone. The other 95% would overrule and win the 'fork', not really a fork just an orphaned block created by the old miner.
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:02:34
It's that you still somehow managed to confuse protocol and economic consensus. Miners are the protocol stewards. Users and nodes represent demand for those services (building blocks) and the results (coins). It's a closed loop where the miners incentives align with users, not because users are directly in control, but because miners are doing this to produce a product to sell, like the rest of capitalism. 
They are already in complete control of the protocol while users are, rightfully and justifiably in control of the demand for those. If you don't like where the hash power may take Bitcoin, go create a new PoS coin. 
That's the only way your statement is ever true, that users decide the protocol.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:02:41
~~Node counts are not protected by POW. Thus Sybil Attacks are possible. The end.~~
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:28:53
I can make shit up too. That is not 'knowledge'.
@_date: 2017-03-03 16:47:54
I don't know any other way to describe what I am witnessing on this sub. I don't mean things personally. This community has become one of many trusting fools. That doesn't mean everyone is a fool. Very smart people have come to the same conclusion as CORE. 
However, the majority of this sub has no expertise and do not look for alternative view points and so are trusting that what they're being told is correct. The word fool simply alludes to this fact. They are not experts and beyond that they do not desire, or can not be and in this they are trusting an authority, developers. This game goes on in any population. People at large don't really understand the political issues, they just have emotions about them. That you find many in agreement with you is not a confirmation of those opinions. The same goes for my opinions. I am here just as much as I am 'over there' though and I am exposed to all perceptions. Can many here claim the same?
Things that were uncontroversial 3 years ago are now dividing Bitcoin. Where did that come from? I know that I love Bitcoin and want to see it continue as it was intended to. To grow naturally with hardware and infrastructure improvements. I cannot abide this change in vision to Bitcoin that only expands on secondary chains, corporate offerings or by locking up funds in a payment channel further complicating on-boarding regular people.
Please, watch this:  
Edit: I don't mean to suggest we ONLY expand on-chain, but that I resist ONLY expanding off-chain. Both on-chain scaling and off-chain or 2nd layer solutions should be implemented.
@_date: 2017-03-05 16:34:46
The incentives that keep miners on the honest chain, including nodes who check them, are the same with or without a blocksize limit. Fees don't go to zero and blocksize doesn't go to infinity. 
The need for a constant supply of transactions (such that every block has more value in transactions than it costs to run their hardware) is decades away when the block reward is gone. See the discussion by Dr. Peter Rizun in the video I linked. There's time yet to allow the block subsidy to buy us everything it was meant to supply; throughput, performance, users and nodes too, if we don't stop Bitcoin from its natural development by letting a central group of 'experts' paralyze us with a worry decades away.
The block subsidy is to survive without a 'fee market' until there are enough global users to never worry about a lack of transactions. Lets utilize it, we're paying for it anyway. With this plan to pause like cowards at 1MB, because so many here care more about their investments than this technology, I presume, is wasting that subsidy. It pisses it away buying nothing.
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:47:02
That all makes a lot of sense in the absence of decentralized mining. 
I can't help but feel like what you're asking for is some more traditional governance. What you're arriving at, intellectually, is the need for democracy and to centralize the power of the masses in order for it to have sufficient power over the owners of production (miners in this case). Bitcoin has already failed if we're falling back to this model. 
What Bitcoin is going through is a crisis of faith in its own premise. That is, that Bitcoin makes this messy and insecure human governance model unnecessary for currency. It is simultaneously not controlled by a cartel and is also free from the whims of the ignorant masses and any gatekeepers who claim to represent them. 
As long as mining is decentralized, physically. 
Not that mining not be pooled, that's not ultimately important. Not that the internet infrastructure it runs on is not in highly centralized datacenters, that's also not ultimately important. Bitcoin has always required that the internet remain decentralized and open. There are many many hosts in many jurisdictions. The ownership of the hashing hardware AND it being active at any one instant, is what matters. 
The entire value of Bitcoin is the creation of money that is not subject to the same failings and limitations as money created by traditional governments. 
If that worked well, we wouldn't need Bitcoin. Gatekeepers such as your 'economically significant nodes' are historically are tools of the establishment and tyranny, not anarchy and liberty. This model of governance has already failed so it is really disheartening to hear people call for human governance in Bitcoin. 
A mining cartel is not a reality. It is the 'other' used against the populations of free people by tyrants for centuries. It is an enemy made out of shadow, a threat with little evidence supporting it. If it is a reality, now or eventually, Bitcoin as a premise is mortally wounded. I think you might be right that the best way to manage this, if it ever happens, is to introduce human governance. Bitcoin is useful enough to desire its survival but it has fallen far short if it comes to this. 
The Nakamoto Consensus is a replacement for human governance. It is order directly from anarchy and competition instead of morality and idealism. There will always be disagreements on morality and ideals. Human governance is essentially paralysis and co-option by the established players. We've seen the paralysis this produces when confronted with the rather simple question of blocksize. What happens when we get to the hard questions?
If it comes to that, then Bitcoin was not the complete answer because it failed to resist exactly the situation that motivated its existence. 
If we place the power to define Bitcoin into the hands of a few influential organizations who claim the entire community as their constituents while expunging half of them outright, with or without representation or voting, I will be exiting permanently. I place my trust with those who have invested significant personal assets not with those who have nothing at stake but ego and a desire to maintain the power they currently have. Small groups of influential humans, not the anarchy of a free market, will have placed Bitcoin under their governance. That is defeat.
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:21:49
If you could take a moment to check out Bitcoin Unlimited yourself, you should see that what it does is precisely what you claim to want here. That it should come down to 'miners vs miners'.
I would suggest that includes nodes. Everyone should want miners and nodes to signal to each other and ignore forums and reddit, etc.
That's what BU does. The nodes and miners signal their preference on the network instead of having to figure out the consensus through moderated or manipulated media platforms.
If all of the CORE nodes became BU nodes and configured the settings to maintain a 1MB blocksize and an infinite Acceptance Depth, that is how long you wait before you accept a block larger than your preferred limit then BU would not result in an increase to the blocksize.
@_date: 2017-03-07 00:42:24
Good thing users don't vote. Money does.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:21:26
It is not and I dare you to provide details otherwise.
BU simply allows this to be configurable and discoverable on-chain. That is node/miner preferences for blocksize and such are communicated on-chain instead of on a forum.
If all CORE nodes online currently simply switched and ran BU with 1MB blocksize limit and an acceptance depth of infinity there would be no blocksize increase.
Miners would still face the same decision they have today. To create big blocks and fork or don't. That is, unless you think that the true economic consensus is for bigger blocks. (I think it is, too.)
@_date: 2017-03-06 16:29:30
What did you have trouble understanding? I would be glad to elaborate.
@_date: 2017-03-06 16:18:39
The internet is not centralized. Some services running on the internet have become more centralized. The infrastructure the internet runs on has become more centralized. Just like with pool mining, people control if their services or content runs on Amazon or not. The fact is that the internet continues to work because decentralization is not something you can lose. 
It's baked in.
As to the risks of SegWit, its a huge risk to the incentive model of the miners, which makes this all work. Tickle down economics is bullshit and it will not work for miners in this case. Scaling OFF-chain while we still have the subsidy and need to use it to continue to bootstrap sufficient ON-chain throughput, is what is absurd.
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:47:17
You just hard forked. You're hash power is... disappointing. You're looking at waiting 6 weeks to retarget. You don't hard fork a difficulty adjustment because?
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:02:25
The whole ordeal is about power, not technical reality. Both solutions can work but they work to create two different systems. Each giving a different part of the network more power and working towards a different vision. Those two systems will both work. I think everyone is being bias if they don't admit it'll work. It's just two different philosophies for how to balance security vs liberty. 
Both create opposition due to fearing power, rightfully so. One side thinks miners are claiming power by suggesting they don't need nodes, the other thinks a central body of experts is claiming economic policy power.
Both are wrong and both are (somewhat) right.
We need a third option that doesn't change the current distribution of power at all but that still delivers a solution to the congestion.
The only way to reach consensus on a change now is for that change to be very small and very easy to digest the impact. Not only immediately but also decades from now when there is no more blockreward subsidy.
@_date: 2017-03-05 21:47:41
Define excessive. Why don't people run full nodes? Because of money/cost? 
I highly doubt it. Poll the 95% of r/bitcoin that don't run a full node. If they were honest it would not be because of the cost but because of the effort. Effort in maintenance and in setup. Effort in learning and in expertise. How many of the population of the world (the target audience for a currency) know how to work a computer much less configure a node. People are lazy. The more people we on-board during the ramp up phase, with the block subsidy around to keep the network secure even as we expand quickly, the more total number of people with the expertise and the will to run full nodes.
The idea that a system should sacrifice much of its potential in the pursuit of extreme maximization of ONE of its features, no matter which feature it is, decentralization or performance, is a political ideal. A technical analysis would desire balance. 
And while I am careful not to promote the other client, nodes still have a significant role in signalling their blocksize preference and I imagine if all core nodes switched but configured themselves at 1MB, there would still be no blocksize increase. To do so, even with everyone having switched but without consensus would still cause a fork. If miners wanted to fork and fight and destroy their investments, they would do so today. 
The other client simply allows the conversation to happen on the network so to ignore people who don't run nodes or miners.
@_date: 2017-03-06 15:09:03
While you might be correct that miners 'could' if completely apathetic and lazy, avoid upgrading. However, that's not realistically feasible. They will fall in line or they will defend themselves. I'm sure it's not lost on you that at that point you will claim they are the ones forking.
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:39:42
Un-upgraded nodes will quit mining it once it is orphaned (as in not the longest chain).
This is all assuming there isn't an attack or a retaliation timed to coincide with this predictable situation.
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:52:44
Just to be clear the argument is that we will get SegWit and Lightning and NO other capacity increase (due to the poor environment in the community). Lightning by itself isn't so bad, it's that the environment is so stacked against on-chain scaling alongside this invention. 
If the community and especially the developers were not so ideologically set on maintaining full blocks as the source for high fees miners would not be so afraid of Lightning. High fees reduce demand for miners but not for Bitcoin (with Lightning). This is a kind of last stand to expunge the dangerous idea that Bitcoin is functional with perpetually full blocks.
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:09:23
Then we do this again in a year or two? No thanks. BU will merge SegWit once it wins. The result is the same but we never have to ask permission to expand on-chain transactional capacity ever again.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:55:47


Why should they? This is a voluntary currency. They can sell their coins. This is the only power they have. The truth is that the only power users/nodes have to wield against a mining majority is the power to walk. To sell your coins and/or fork off to a different network. If forking this means doing a PoWC or forever being afraid of a hashpower attack.


It is extremely easy for a user to ask several sources for information about the state of the blockchain to verify they are not being lied to by one of them. There is no great risk to user monetary sovereignty just because they can't afford to run a full node at home on their potato. Truly, the cost of running a full node is embarrassingly low for 2017. It is trivial to 'attack' and fill up this tiny 1MB block. That's the cost we should be attempting to control. If the worst case comes and we're being attacked such that we desperately need people to run nodes because governments are shutting them down, then most of us are already screwed. Our consumer, residential ISPs are not going to stand up to the governments. Only large commercial entities will have any hope of resisting either by off-shoring their hosting, which costs money, or in the courts. Any more than 1 or 2 nodes per datacenter is overkill for our needs. Don't take my word for it.


As for large miners pushing small miners around.
It puts pressure to pool up and centralize where the full nodes are that the miners use, but it does nothing to effect the actual distribution of ownership of the actual hardware. This pressure can be relieved with XTHIN blocks or other optimizations in the broadcasting and distribution of blocks. This pressure exists already and is a big part of why we see the dominant majority of miners choosing a pool. Running a full node at home is far far more difficult to manage than simply running a miner over stratum. Being well connected is essential for a miner, already, but that is not the same thing as miner centralization. 
Actual miner centralization is a concern, in general, with so much chip production taking place in one country. Probably even one city of that country. However, this is not an issue that a 1MB block protects us from. 1MB only protects a few people at the edges who would be unable to handle an increase in bandwidth due to blocksize increases. SegWit is a blocksize increase and would be the same as a 4MB blocksize by hardfork as far as this pressure goes. Centralized hardware is a threat to Bitcoin that it has no way to deal with, what so ever. At that point this whole thing falls down. It's primary assumption is that decentralized mining will produce an incentive to cooperate. If someone has &gt;50%... everything about this assumption is wrong. The incentive is to follow that leader. If there exists a party with &gt;50%, they gain nothing but suspicion and loss of faith by growing this so quickly that the other &lt;50% falls off. However, the ability to centralize has its limits too. Even centralized systems run into limits. Someone out there will hang in there. Other pools will pop up and people will re-route. 
I am completely open to being wrong, but I think this whole 'centralization' boogey-man summoned to attack any blocksize increases is over-hyped.


I've addressed this above, but to restate: You can use multiple sources to decrease such risk dramatically. No cryptocurrency will survive if we require every user to run a full node on their phone or laptop or computer. That's not going to be how it goes. People are going to trust some service or some number of services and be just fine. If you're a huge bank or very wealthy and your assets put you at too much risk, then you pay to run a full node. Otherwise, multiple sources are suitable for people with lower risk profiles to begin with.


BU is not the issue. You don't have to use BU or worry about their decision making process or internal power politics. The issue is the protocol they've proposed and which multiple other implementations are adopting too. That is, Emergent Consensus on this blocksize limit. A fork of CORE, with all of its quality and tests, exists that will signal correctly for and accept, if necessary, bigger blocks. BU is just the client that is available right now that allows miners and nodes to signal their preference. If BU continues to have issues, the network will go with alternatives. This is how decentralized systems work things out. Not in a single mailing list or a github repository where a very few people have write authority.
I hope you stayed with me this far. Thanks for reading.
@_date: 2017-03-02 22:51:55
I welcome your opinions and respect your concerns. 
However, I think you've been drinking the koolaid. Never before a year and a half to two years ago, has anyone ever seriously suggested that the desired future for Bitcoin was one where nodes could be run on phones.
That's the key. We're being fed a new philosophy and new political ideals from CORE than from when Bitcoin was built and bootstrapped.
I don't deny you your opinion. It is a valid enough argument. What I deny is that it is us 'big blockers' that are the ones attempting to change the social contract. 
You're asking that those of us who disagree to simply eat this *change in vision* for Bitcoin and accept it because an expert has dug in his heels and because a large enough community of trusting fools goes along with it.
Bitcoin will go no where before it submits to such attempts at control.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:02:44
~~Node counts are not protected by POW. Thus Sybil Attacks are possible. The end.~~
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:28:12
Stop trying to make UASF happen. It sn't going to happen. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 19:06:19
You're right that it doesn't matter. You're wrong that, according to his definition, Bitcoin died. It didn't. It never dies. It only becomes what the largest cumulative proof of work chain says is valid.
That we intervened does not matter. Participants decided to build on top of the .7 fork. That they decided this means that it became the longest chain. Bitcoin was, no less, during the fork, whichever chain was longer at the time. The mess of continuing on that chain motivated participants to abandon it which shortly resulted in it no longer being Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:10:16
This is the correct way to deal with miners, as a user. You can whine all day long, but ultimately you must sell and leave.
You leave the network by taking your node and joining the minority 'fork', which it will be by definition. You sell the majority coin to send the miners a message the only way users and nodes can, by bombing the price.
What you don't do anywhere, at any time, is participate in consensus. You better get your own miners AND fork the algorithm or you're going to have a bad time.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:33:35
I get what you mean but I have another opinion of where to draw the line, that's all. Nodes must be considered before someone begins creating bigger blocks. However, the truth is that miners are free to create bigger blocks today and face the same consequences of forking without consensus. The same nodes run by the same corporations, exchanges and individuals. They would face these same consequences when configuring how big to create blocks. BU doesn't destroy those consequences. I suspect that if their scheme were to be merged into CORE and all 5700 nodes were defaulted to current settings, 1MB and nearly infinite acceptance depth, nothing would change.
However, we may discover that many of those CORE nodes might not all tow the 1MB line. I trust the fact that miners behave rationally when they have money on the line. If BU is dangerous, Bitcoin is doomed. It's only dangerous to the FUD other people have tossed around to argue for their vision for Bitcoin.
Want to know a secret? Nodes aren't scarce because they cost too much to run, they are scarce because people are lazy. If Bitcoin can't survive a relatively disengaged user base, as far as full nodes go, compared to the population of currency users at large, it is doomed again. It takes a very simple multiple source look-up to confirm you're not being lied too by a 3rd party. Bitcoin being open means you can ask a 4th party or a 5th. All in one client, actually. It's simply not a concern of mine to use light-clients, etc. The ability to check for yourself exists and that is enough to make it unprofitable to do anything.
Bitcoin will survive. It will move to datacenters like Amazon and Microsoft. It will still provide all of the security and independence we enjoy today because it will be in other datacenters in Russia and China, too, and that's enough. Not because they are beyond coordination but because any attempt to make coordinated changes will be witnessed. Everything that happens is wide open. It will not be possible to hide. It is highly probable that if they wanted to try something, they could significantly impact Bitcoin's network and access to our funds, however, they will not have changed anything. Bitcoin survives even this, as long as we will it to. We can come back online as pirate nodes and reclaim everything from Africa or South America or over Tor. Even this most unlikely and heavy handed attack is not likely to permanently kill Bitcoin, maybe I'm just some all-in Bitcoin whack-job. But if I'm right, why are we so afraid to fork a few lazy or cheap bastards off the network?
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:54:23
Miners/Pools do care which between 'high fees on small blocks' vs 'many small fees on big blocks'. This is quite clear. If this wasn't the case there would be no issue. As is often repeated around here. SegWit is a blocksize increase.
High fees on small blocks drives away growth of transactions on-chain and potential miner revenue in fees to other layers and blockchains. This entire game of chicken is built on this vision by miners/pools. No further progress is being allowed until developers and users understand this perspective that miners have.
Miners/Pools see only 'many small fees in big blocks' as feasible. SegWit allows many small fees in big blocks but it also engineers the cost of larger expensive second-layer multi-sig transactions to be cheaper than they should byte for byte.
They will accept SegWit but not instead of, only in addition to their vision for a safely expanding blocksize. If people use second-layers, great! However, they shouldn't be forced too because someone engineered it to be more desirable than not. Let the ecosystem of services and wallets and user needs drive its success, not engineering the environment to guarantee it.
@_date: 2017-03-04 07:07:32
Please remember that a blocksize limit, at all, is a solution to a specific problem, that of a large block DOS attack. I'm not quoting Satoshi as a philosopher, but go check out the archived posts and the source control. It was introduced for a very specific reason.
This sub has only recently come to retelling history to suggest the blocksize is meant to force a fee market (as if one would introduce a consensus change to force a fee market so far into the future.) No. It wasn't meant to be a limit we reach with transactions except during extremely fast growth and in rare spikes. 
Bitcoin works best with block space to spare. 
My argument is with the continued insistence that full blocks is the new long term reality and it is to be considered functional. The idea that the blocksize arbitrarily being 1MB is the safest of all possible settings. That those who run nodes and miners cannot be trusted to configure those on their own without Bitcoin breaking down.
If you trust the Nakamoto consensus you should trust it without a blocksize limit just the same.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:39:57
As I understand it un-upgraded nodes will consider SegWit blocks valid but not SegWit transactions for relay, somehow. How else is it a soft-fork. The first SegWit block would be a fork.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:33:00
You expect users to run full nodes, though?
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:59:21
There was also HUGE support for raising the blocksize before there was a hissy fit thrown by a minority of developers.
@_date: 2017-03-06 16:41:25
DNS is for names, only, not data. Also it is logically decentralized while still being hierarchically controlled. And yes, it's still very much and technically decentralized.
In the lightning networks, I presume you mean, you don't have to regularly commit to the blockchain. If you did so you'd regularly pay the full Bitcoin fees for that commitment. No, if you stay in your payment channel, you do not commit anything to the blockchain. Only when opening, closing or resolving a conflict.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:15:27
We've had our disagreements, but this is also exactly how I see it.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:14:12
I think you'll find people very active in such a period of chaos. Coordination among a smaller group is easier than coordinating the whole. Exchanges want to charge fees, they will pay attention for profit's sake.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:22:03
'It' is SegWit, not BU. Once SegWit reaches consensus levels, BU will merge it in.
The preference at BU is to fix malleability with Bitcoin Classic's FlexTrans work.
@_date: 2017-03-02 20:37:34
Core is a group of developers. I don't see a single economist or entrepreneur being regularly consulted. That's a narrow background. 
The philosophy has blockaded Bitcoin's development for 2 years and driven several groups of developers away from participating in a common protocol and implementation. SegWit is the result of this approach, that's all. The problem is not with SegWit, its with the SegWit or bust stance and the idea that blocksize increases are dangerous and more. The idea that if we don't accept these proclamations by better men (experts/church leaders/kings) that we are enemies and deserve to be silenced, ignored and ridiculed. 
I don't know where all the libertarians on this sub went but it seems to be full of liberals now wishing for good human governance to make them feel warm and fuzzy about their investments.
@_date: 2017-03-04 07:12:43
Ethereum split into two coins precisely because it is decentralized. One (majority) group of investors and developers who understand what 'in-development' means went one way and those who are free to disagree with their choice went another and they continue to benefit completely from the first group's continued investment in the technology by merging all the commits.
Decentralization does not prevent someone disagreeing with you and having the majority to see you overruled. Decentralization is the freedom and power to take your toys and go home without violence or lawyers.
@_date: 2017-03-06 15:29:17
The internet is decentralized in function while the infrastructure and the corporate ownership is highly centralized. It's still decentralized. 
It remains able to add new networks and systems and domains and services without having to ask anyone's permission. (DNS and certificate authority issues aside)
Bitcoin can safely expand while the subsidy is in place and we should use this time to do so. Otherwise we risk being far too low in volume and direct users once its gone.
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:06:45
I'm just posting a meme.
Also, because its not.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:28:48
on the worthless minority coin, but yeah.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:33:27
Noted, thank you.
@_date: 2017-03-02 16:15:15
Looking forward to a civil discussion of the dangers of Bitcoin Unlimited. Or can this still not be discussed? I think there's a lot of ignorance here towards BU's on-chain blocksize coordination scheme.
I have to admit. I don't know that I am sold on it even though I desperately want a blocksize increase (with a SegWit hard fork). If I believe in the miners being incentivized by the current system not to do anything that results in an exodus of users, such as changing the 21 million coin limit, then I should have faith in those same incentives keeping a miner from forcing blocks bigger than the nodes are willing to accept, right?
Wouldn't nodes have just as much power to veto a blocksize increase in BU?
@_date: 2017-03-02 21:46:01
Of course, developers develop code. However, with Bitcoin they are uniquely positioned to also hard-code economic policies and political philosophy into it. 
The issue at present is congestion. The two 'sides' of the political arguments are as follows. "What congestion? Oh, that's nothing, that's just the new normal." vs "Congestion is going to soon or is now causing unnecessary suffering for users." 
It's only recently that the new rhetoric has become, 'SegWit is a blocksize increase'. That's convenient but that doesn't change their true vision and political position.
If you don't recall the entire last 2 years SegWit was originally an alternative (and really still is) to **ever** increasing the blocksize. Now it's both. That's called spin and it's what politicians do, not engineers.
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:30:30
coordinated? How about we're just here and happy. Most BU supporters read both subs. Get over it. We exist. We're not 'paid protestors'.
@_date: 2017-03-22 17:48:28
You're absolutely correct on everything. However, trusting competent developers is still trusting someone to manage and direct. That sounds a lot like central banking to me. 
bitcoin, the unit, is proof of previous effort and resources spent. Bitcoin, the infrastructure, is the collective of people spending those resources in a provable way (mining). (All as you say)
The power of users, nodes, merchants, all is whether or not to value this effort and its utility (transaction speed, finality, divisibility, pseudonymity).
If these individuals are not decentralized enough, Bitcoin has already failed. No amount of inconvenience, in the form of hard-coded settings decided by developers, is going to protect it from these individual's if they would profit most from harming it.
Have faith in the original premise and be careful not to fear the other simply out of ignorance of their culture or their goals. (Chinese miners, I mean) Their greed must serve the network or Bitcoin is a dead man walking.
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:23:08
Assuming everyone who disagrees with you is not a real person. That hasn't ever harmed any society or community, ever. /s
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:27:10
A fork is a disagreement on what is valid. It's not fair to say my opinion of validity is it and the rest have no hope. There will be nodes and miners on each side of the validity disagreement. It is not a fact that '90% of all bitcoin nodes' will do anything. You don't know.
You're still suggesting that an economic majority of nodes will follow the *minority* of hash rate because... because?
@_date: 2019-11-07 19:56:50


This is true, however, these 'platforms' get to have their cake and eat it too. If you want to have the freedom to associate, you're not a platform, you're a publisher.  
A platform is basically a freedom of speech utility, and like the water utility, it is the life-blood of these controversial opinions. Could you imagine someone asking the private water company, if they existed anywhere, to cut off someone's water because they are racists?
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:08:11
Not being able to actually use your chain to transact is not an advantage.
@_date: 2017-03-30 16:19:31


Their interests are singular. That much is true. But lets examine those interests. I think you'll find that the singular interest is most accurately called Bitcoin.
They have purchased physical hardware that is worthless for anything but mining cryptocurrencies using double SHA256. Considering how security works, one chain should dominate each algorithm. If any amount of hashing from another SHA256 chain could 51% attack you, your chain has dubious security. Thus this hardware is useful for Bitcoin and no other.
They are using electricity that is cheap but not free to actually run the hardware. This produces a reward that is denominated in Bitcoins and means at some difficulty level, all hardware becomes un-runnable. That is, depending on the price of electricity and the difficulty, your hardware eventually becomes a net-loss to run at all. Free electricity does not really exist for long periods or at scale.
These Bitcoins must be sold to real people. If people don't want them, they are out their investment or at the very least taking heavy losses at low prices. 
Thus in the true free market that is Bitcoin, demand for the currency trumps all. We don't vote with our loud mouths on reddit or bitcointalk.com. We don't even vote with our stake. We vote with our feet. 
If you believe people will be dumb enough to buy or lazy enough to keep a Bitcoin that has infinite inflation, then you might be right. Truly, that is my greatest fear. A mainstream global Bitcoin would have sufficient demand from people who have never considered what money is and so they might not care much, one way or another. 
Ultimately, some people will sell and leave if that ever happened and so any miner proposing that must acknowledge some drop in price will follow and due only to this change.  
Now, do miner's care about short-term price trends? I'd wager, yes. Once you own the physical hardware, you have a limited amount of time before new hardware, from the same generation or not, comes online. New chips are always being manufactured and so your time to pay for the physical hardware is short before the difficulty adjusts and your ability to recoup the cost of that hardware drops to zero very rapidly. 
I've spent my fair share of time crunching the numbers. I own several miners that are worthless today because of the difficulty relative to my cost for electricity. If I didn't pay for those machines by hashing in the first month, I wasn't going to pay for them. 
So, we have miners who are very sensitive to short-term price trends and who have massive investments at stake, unlike development teams and loud users. Miner's who are paid exclusively in Bitcoins and whose investments are only valuable if Bitcoin thrives. 
Now, what power do nodes/users have? They can walk and fork. Anyone can fork Bitcoin at any time. It's not hard. Orphans happen every day, which are forks that people give up on. If there is sufficient demand for the alternative chain's unit it will fork in the face of the change, and if we have demand over a blocksize setting I assure you there will be demand over the 21 million limit. As you say, forks are bad for the price. There's confusion, there's uncertainty. The price will waiver. The community will shrink and divide and one of those chains will most likely change the PoW and completely eliminate the miner's ability to supply those users with securities. There is mathematically no way that this is good for miners.
I also believe miners will never fork over the blocksize until there is very broad consensus. They are just signaling. However, CORE/nodes/users could. They have nothing at stake to prevent it. They, personally, would lose nothing. It's the miners and the industry at large that suffers.
Given that miners are very sensitive to short-term price trends and they are racing to be profitable before their investments are buried under the difficulty, why would miner's ever try to push a change that produces the above confusion and uncertainty? 
Don't trust people. Trust their incentives. Miner's represent Bitcoin for all of us because our demand for their issuance is their ultimate concern and they are very sensitive to short-term changes. I believe, this is why they won't do SegWit... in the short-term it is a reduction in revenue and there is no certainty that usage or the price would increase in the medium to long term to compensate. 
In Bitcoin we vote with our feet and that is how we control miners. Again, this assumes mining is decentralized because otherwise Bitcoin is a dead man walking.
@_date: 2019-11-08 14:05:59
Internet users have grown from the nerds who were excited by the technology into 75% of all adults and 90% of all young people. I'd say the vast majority embrace ease of use and entertainment. 
But also, yes, people embrace curated content. However, they're expecting that curated content to work the way other curated content of the past has. TV and print has legal liability to ensure their content isn't provoking violence or indecent. That's what they wanted. What they were given was a dangerously efficient system for surveillance, misinformation and manipulation.
@_date: 2019-11-08 14:10:18
I tend to agree with you. I'm merely arguing that the current scenario is undesirable where they get all of the benefits of both and none of the legal liabilities of either.
@_date: 2019-11-08 13:40:53
I believe this is still the case as Facebook is brazenly allowing completely misleading and false advertisements where as newspapers and TV could be sued for liable in advertisements because of their status as editors and publishers.
@_date: 2017-01-24 16:56:18
I know you don't care to have a rational discussion but it really isn't a bad analogy. It's about jurisdictions and social attitudes and conventions, not the hardware. If the entire earth's population started thinking Bitcoin is bad no amount of decentralization will save it. It would have to move behind the TOR anonymizing network.
@_date: 2017-01-10 20:37:36
on 4, see my posts in this thread.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:25:03
PayPal probably isn't the greatest example of this as you say, Banks have long been used to control our appropriate and legal conduct.
Back before the current regulations were written, any attempt to create a family-friendly environment, editing for indecent or profane comments meant that the platform would lose its distributor status, and would be treated as publisher of all user-content. Thus, because they wanted to take affirmative steps to police speech, they became liable for all statements published in its curated platforms. This was a powerful incentive *not* to curate the internet.
I think we all agree here, it would be better if the current regulations did not allow for both content moderation with distributor status. That's all I'm arguing. Democracy is at risk, otherwise. Truth is not required because a distributor of user content has no legal requirement to police any content for any reason. However, they can police any content they don't like, without justification. This is the worst of all possible scenarios for freedom of speech. Freedom of Association is important but it should take a backseat here, to protect Democracy.
Edit: The current regulation is known as Section 230.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:04:18
More transactions and a minimum fee can be set per miner or node will (and has for the entire life of Bitcoin) incentivize some fee be paid regardless of the scarcity of blockspace.
The way to secure bitcoin when the subsidy ends is NOT scarcity which pushes people off-chain one way or another. It is SCALE. Massive amounts of transactions with a very small but non-zero fee.
@_date: 2017-01-09 17:22:21
It is an **effective** blocksize increase due to a reduction in the number of bytes from each transaction that count toward the block space.
Please re-read my post. This only benefits miner payouts if we assume twice as many transactions will come along and fill up the blocks. If this happens at all, it will only continue until layer 2 solutions become available at which point miners are left making less in fees than before by half. 
That makes the uncertain future transition to fees only even more worrying.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:01:33
I found ETH/ETC to have resolved quite nicely. The coin with the higher demand is worth more on the open market. No one is crying or holding anything up. You mine ETC or ETH. You can be ideological but its not free. One or the other will pay more, at the end of the day.
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:14:17
Please provide a source for the removal of the 1MB blocksize limit.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:34:09
I'm just saying that we could of just done 2MB a long time ago and never fought again. We'd all be friends now.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:02:29
Money is political. Always. Always.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:20:56
I agree in principle but I don't think we need so much decentralization that Bitcoin blocks are doomed to always be full. 
We need both un-full blocks AND strong effort to optimize, prune and otherwise lower node resource requirements. These are two goals to balance. We should not forego one for the other.
We need SegWit AND more space. We need light nodes that only validate some of the chain, and that share work. We need to think outside the box, sure. But what we don't need is to give up and simply accept full blocks forever.
The argument you're making was made against a 2MB hard fork 2 years ago but you know SegWit has the same, if not more requirements than that 2MB hardfork. It has other benefits, which are the real reason it is being pushed, but as a blocksize increase it is no less demanding on bandwidth or space.
@_date: 2017-01-26 16:04:16
The sad thing is, this was the Honk Kong agreement but then everyone went and said it was non-binding and did their own thing. The only way to trust now is to have it activate together, all at once.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:17:36
Why would the BU fork's coins crash to 0 if they are the majority of hash power. To many, in my opinion the sane among us, that is Bitcoin. (See ETF paperwork) 
I'm no Nostradamus but I believe there's very little chance a minority hash power fork survives as the economic majority.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:52:51
I believe that's the Hong Kong agreement, precisely and it fell through, unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:12:02
In aggregate, total fees per transaction will be reduced roughly by half if SegWit offers an effective blocksize increase to 2MB.
Twice as many transactions will be required to produce roughly the same fee pressure and thus roughly the same fees.
Betting on that kind of growth may be natural to investors and users, but miners have daily electricity costs and must keep up with the jones with their hardware. They are more sensitive.
Given that I believe Bitcoin's growth to be disconnected from the development issues SegWit will in turn require twice as much growth to produce equivalent fees as Bitcoin without SegWit.
@_date: 2017-01-26 19:55:06
You have made a point here that I should clarify on. I wasn't clear enough. I only mean that the benefits of decentralization are all or nothing. You don't gain more benefits from more decentralization, you merely get farther away from not having them at all.
As for the rest: You're not wrong, but Bitcoin is worth nothing without a decentralized network to operate on. Bitcoin's decentralization relies on the internet remaining decentralized or us developing a completely alternative internet and moving.
It matters not whether or not Bitcoin moves into data-centers and the like, if the internet already has. You pay for a VPS and set up a Bitcoin node? Worthless. You're 99.9% going to be at a datacenter with 20+ other nodes already. If the host wanted to take over your nodes, they can. 
You set up a home node? Worthless. All your traffic goes through a central hub for your ISP and they could, if motivated or required, block that traffic.
VPN to a datacenter to bypass this block? See the first case. You're back to being the umpteenth useless full node at the same datacenter well connected to others at the same datacenter but ultimately at the will of the host to continue to allow you to access the internet at large.
The only thing you gain by running your own node is that YOU know your home node has validated the blockchain and that nothing fishy is happening currently. You do not contribute to decentralization due to the limits placed on it by the underlying network.
Edit: Unless you ***know*** there are no other nodes on whatever ISP or VPN or VPS host you're using.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:39:13
You are not considering the feedback that high fees have on the growth of usage. With potentially infinite competition as is the case in this realm, you want to take every bit of demand for yourself to maximize revenue. 
@_date: 2017-01-10 16:26:51
There are not many legitimate technical problems with SegWit. People will say that it's about softfork vs hardfork, but that is because miners want a hardfork to raise the block size along with SegWit.
Ultimately it's about getting paid. SegWit is a permanent reduction of the miner's future potential fees (which will slowly become 100% of the block reward) by half. (If we are to believe that SegWit provides an effective block size increase to 2MB total. It could cut by more than that if more transactions move to multi-sig or lightning eventually.) Transactions would have to double to even maintain current fee payouts.
In order for miners to avoid immediately making less from such a reduction one would have to assume that 1MB blocks remain full. In the current environment, where on-chain scaling is so demonized, the prospect of any increase in block-space is dubious. **Without an increase in block-space this change will almost certainly reduce fees paid to miners for all time.** Only with more space to put more transactions do miners make more in fees, with or without SegWit. 
Sure, we can probably assume blocks will remain full if they remain 1MB. All this assumption allows is for miners to make approximately the same as they are currently. It does not prevent them from making less once lightning networks come along and it does not prevent them from being stuck with 1MB blocks forever.
It also makes the transition from block subsidy to fee's even more difficult to imagine, since we're cutting them in half, effectively. That means we'll need twice as much future transaction volume to pay for the same security as we would without SegWit.
From my perspective as a miner and a holder, no one has produced a legitimate economic analysis of this future transition to fees and the changes to the incentives that produce Bitcoin's security that come with SegWit. 
My own amateur analysis says that without massive amounts of on-chain transactions, we cannot transition. We could survive with a massively high bitcoin price and transaction fees in the hundreds of dollars, but I think if you make Bitcoin expensive it will be out competed by traditional corporate solutions and remain a niche product. If you have a niche product it will not sustain a high price or high transaction fees. 
Bitcoin must be for all the people of the world or it fails.
@_date: 2017-01-11 18:55:54
I think this is precisely what miners are thinking.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:12:52
Why are you angry? 
@_date: 2017-01-26 16:21:15
I agree but there is a difference between security, which to me is hash power, and decentralization which to me is a boolean value. We are decentralized enough or we aren't. We don't need full validating nodes running on potatoes to be sufficiently decentralized. 
We are allowing a boogeyman to scare us into poor and messy alternatives.
@_date: 2017-01-26 15:47:41
You don't do development do you? You always make compromises. In security you compromise convenience, as we are with Bitcoin today. User experience has been significantly compromised to maximize the unquantifiable decentralization aspect.
There is never enough time to write perfect code and even then, you're sacrificing something, somewhere. 
@_date: 2019-11-08 13:40:54
I would think that users moderating a community that's hosted like a subreddit here is legally different than Reddit corporate banning a whole subreddit community like the jailbait ones years back, the fat shaming one, the violent ones, child porn, etc.
@_date: 2017-01-24 21:43:26
25 cents is alot of money to the unbanked of the world. Is Bitcoin only for the already banked, now? 
It's absolutely worthless then. Banks do all this much cheaper and have a serious amount of insurance and legal force available to secure participants.
Bitcoin is revolutionary because it offers banking services to the unbanked. To people who were not otherwise worth the investment infrastructure, it offers the ability to opt out of inflationary taxation and it offers payment processing. Those who weren't worth the investment cannot use Bitcoin. They will never try to own Bitcoin when opening and closing a channel could cost them 15% of their weekly wages. When they risk taking a similar percentage haircut in the case of a conflict that must be handled by Bitcoin.
It's not about the transactions right now, its about the idea that this is all fine. It's not fucking fine. Expensive and slow transactions are not fine. This is the real attack on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-24 15:58:02
He doesn't need one. That is precisely BU's proposal. Miners set the blocksizes. They are the incentivized actor to optimize for profitability and scale. They need to remain profitable as the subsidy ends but also minimize orphan risk (lost revenue) and maintain competitive fees with other networks and corporate solutions.
Decentralization is not harmed as much as you would think. The internet is a decentralized system with terribly centralized infrastructure. It hasn't broken. It still has all of the benefits of the decentralization. 
@_date: 2017-01-11 18:44:48
I think I understand the confusion now. You're confusing proportionality and linearity. 
"two variables are proportional if a change in one is always accompanied by a change in the other, and if the changes are always related by use of a **constant** multiplier."
Yes, the relationship between price and demand are not predictable or proportional.
However, what you are describing is a linear relationship.
"Linearity is the property of a mathematical relationship or function which means that it can be graphically represented as a straight line. ... Proportionality implies linearity, but linearity does not imply proportionality."
Edit: I will say that it is fair to think I am assuming proportionality because I'm estimating that double the space will require double to volume. My estimate is not exact and we have no way of knowing ahead of time what the price function is. However, if you plug in twice as big of a number into the variable x in a function like y = 4x + 20, you will get roughly twice as big of a y, but not exactly of course.
@_date: 2017-01-19 19:42:16
It's even more funny watching the liberals claim that Bitcoin isn't political. Money is always political. It is a social construct in any form, even gold as its utility is quite limited. The need for an alternative to fiat is a political need!
@_date: 2017-01-11 21:30:58
Please explain how a soft fork can eliminate the 1MB blocksize or what Segregated Witness even means if it is not about which parts of the transaction are included in the chain and what is not.
Or shut up.
edit: from your link:
"Because segwit is a soft-forking change and does not increase the base blocksize..."
@_date: 2017-01-11 21:13:14
Hah. It is literally the definition of 'Segregated Witness' ie: SegWit, that they are moving witness data (signatures) out of the 'block'. The part that is hashed and chained and that ultimately becomes a blockchain. 
It is literally the definition of a 'soft-fork' that the old clients consensus rules will not be violated. Those clients have a 1MB blocksize limit and this 'soft-fork' by definition cannot violate that.
Please find a new job. Stop harming Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-26 20:50:55
You're not adding to the Bitcoin network's decentralization measure. You may want to have a node for whatever reasons you want to claim. That does not mean Bitcoin cares about those reasons. To Bitcoin, you're just another node on that ISP and all of them go down if that ISP plays ball with some government request, etc. 
You are a fully validating node and if other fully validating nodes cooperate with a fork then there is value to you being one that doesn't but there still exists the fundamental issue. Once there is one such node, adding others are not doing Bitcoin any favors. It must download blocks and transactions from others costing bandwidth and for no benefit once there is 1 node per ISP with the politics you support.
Your alternatives that don't include HAM radio and carrier pigeons all have this same issue. You're not likely to be the first node on whatever hub, VPS or VPN you end up on, even considering politics. You're just a drain on the network at that point and gimping Bitcoin in terms of its affordability for those people who most need Bitcoin so that you can do this is doubly harmful to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-26 16:40:24
Oh, the good ol' you must be ignorant if you don't understand troll post. So very effective at making you feel superior when you don't actually know what you're talking about.
@_date: 2017-01-11 20:36:35
You're being rude and you're so very wrong. 
I do have a question for you, though:
How is the soft-fork going to manage to keep old clients compatible if the 'actual block' includes witness data and is larger than 1MB? 
When I say the 'actual block' I mean the data that is hashed and used in a chain of blocks. You do know what SegWit stands for right? The witness data is being segregated from the part that gets chained together. The part that gets chained together, the part that matters, cannot be more than 1MB. Otherwise this would be a hard fork and not a soft fork.
@_date: 2017-01-26 17:21:09
Yes, volume would have already increased to fill the blockspace up again. Realistically people don't choose fees rationally and just type in a standard amount they're comfortable with so more fees are likely at this point. 
However, that still requires something approaching double the volume for SegWit to become revenue neutral or positive. That will take some time if it happens at all. There is no guarantee. What we know will happen is a reduction in fees for some time following the change. We don't know, beyond that, if SegWit's blocksize increase will produce positive revenue and we can't really say for sure it's due to SegWit and not just more demand which would of increased revenue regardless with higher fees.
I am not arguing against SegWit, I'm just trying to explain why rational miners opt to do nothing.
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:32:34
Please educate me as to how supply and demand work, then.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:36:37
Most have moved on and left CORE because of this guy, not to mention his allies.
@_date: 2017-01-25 18:36:43
The reality before Bitcoin was that you can't have digital peer to peer money. That you can't solve the double spend problem. That you can't bootstrap a currency into having value without a government.
You simply can't imagine a Bitcoin that is both able to scale and remain secure but that doesn't make it impossible.
Most of us 'big blockers' simply don't accept that we can't do something. A few short years is not enough time to work on something before claiming it'll never be able to scale like that. 
It's all about balance. We can scale many many thousands of times what we can do today, easily but it would cost a very difficult to measure or quantify amount of decentralization. 
Security is the mining power and is incentivized by on chain transactions paying fees (eventually 100% of their income). Decentralization is vague and difficult to measure and is not really necessary to maximize. Decentralization is a Boolean value. We either have it or we don't have it at all. We really should minimize it. The lowest functional level of decentralization should be desired. We'd have the maximum amount of scaling and performance and maintain all the benefits of decentralization. 
I think 1 honest node per jurisdiction would be enough to maintain all the benefits of decentralization for all the citizens of the world.
The issue is that quantifying decentralization is hard as node counts are easy and cheap to manipulate. The honest participants are miners. Nodes can do whatever they want without costs to bear.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:40:31
If there is not a technical solution that achieves both simultaneously, which I think there is we just need to stop fighting and search for it, then we need to split the coin and go our separate ways.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:16:26
I do not have an argument for BU's trustworthiness. I'd also rather stick with CORE if they weren't so difficult to work with. A compromise must be found, not a winner. 
However, the proposal has been made to the main team as well. A 'improvement proposal' of the like was made and rejected. So I stand by my 'he doesn't need to make a proposal' these suggestions have already been made.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:06:36
They still can't be certain a higher bitcoin price helps them if the competition it affords means less of that subsidy for them not to mention the halvings that are coming.
@_date: 2017-01-26 15:58:51
I have read that blog post and I don't have time to describe everything I disagree with.
The main point of the 'instability' is that empty blocks without a subsidy are costly to do and offer no reward, leaving the incentive against malfeasance weak. This only happens for a few moments after a block is found. Transactions come nearly constantly already and show no signs of slowing and if we ensure this demand for Bitcoin and financial liberty is not pushed away from Bitcoin due to high fees from full blocks, we won't have any issue.
I just think this is less dangerous to Bitcoin than full blocks whose high fees incentivize competition and result in the demand for Bitcoin going elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:29:38
Right? A healthy fee market is code for full blocks and bad user experiences. 
Bitcoin does not work well with full blocks. See the front page of r/Bitcoin everytime the backlog grows.
@_date: 2017-01-09 15:48:35
Miners don't want SegWit without a block size increase because it is permanent reduction in fees per transaction by half, if we are to believe this is equivalent to a 2MB total block size with full rollout. Without a doubling of transactions this cuts into the miner's profitability. A reduction in their potential future fees, all else remaining equal, is quite worrying and rightly so. 
You're asking them to trust their profitability and existence to a future Bitcoin that may never exist. That is not how miners see Bitcoin. That is not their business model. They invest in hardware TODAY and use electricity TODAY to earn a Bitcoin TODAY (which they sell TODAY to pay bills). They can not count on an increase in total transactions so blindly. 
All that is seen, from a rational miner's perspective, is that they're getting paid half as much as before and while it may be right to presume that twice as many transactions will now fill up blocks this can only last (if it is a correct assumption at all) until the lightning network pushes many of those transactions off-chain leaving miners with half as much per transaction as before and less total transactions to boot due to the new layer 2 competitors SegWit makes possible. 
Why any miner is voting for SegWit in a climate so hostile to on-chain scaling, is what I can't figure out.
@_date: 2017-01-13 18:32:47
They simply want scaling of fees as well as transactions. Transactions being half as heavy will demand half the fees, as they are currently calculated. SegWit offers ~2x the transactions but using the simple blocks are full model to estimate the impact on fees, it is at best revenue neutral to miners.
@_date: 2017-01-26 19:15:46
I'm not throwing it away and a minimal functional level of decentralization is not centralization. The internet has become highly centralized and grows more centralized each day but it is still functionally decentralized. It resists centralized authority quite well. If it was built with privacy at its core it would even still provide privacy. 
@_date: 2017-01-12 20:37:58
Yes, exactly! Miners need their supply (base block size) and fees to scale too. It's not just about users.
@_date: 2017-01-12 15:23:11
I suppose it's just a matter of preference for rigidity but I don't believe calling those blocks, in this situation, is correct as those so called 'big blocks' are not sent to SHA256(SHA256()), they are merely riders whose hash is a part of the merkle tree but are otherwise not the things themselves that are chained.
It allows for people to deny simple truths like the fact that the chain of blocks itself remains limited to 1MB links based on a twisting of the meaning of these words. The truth is not impacted. The real chain of blobs of data that are double SHA256 hashed by thousands of miners will continue to be limited to 1MB increments. The rest of the 'block' to use your terminology will be elsewhere, segregated.
@_date: 2017-01-26 16:17:27
How does it 'totally stop working'? Miner's are only really there to protect against double spends, essentially. Everything else is done by nodes fully validating and relaying blocks and transactions. If miners want to pause for a bit because there's no incentive to do so, that doesn't break Bitcoin. Bitcoin continues to work when hash rate drops.
If some other miner uses this time to try to fork an earlier block or doublespend or whatever, the nodes still won't relay it. Legitimate miners still won't mine that chain once there are transactions worth mining. 
The more serious danger is the one facing us with a maximum block size without the subsidy. Demand is pushed off-chain and so the total security afforded by fee-only ~~transactions~~ rewards will be determined, not by demand in total, but by the available competing solutions. 
Bitcoin would only be as secure as it can afford to be given that there are alternatives. Bitcoin without a maximum block size will be more secure the more demand there is. There will be no feedback in the form of higher fees seen by a user. High fees will not incentivize competition but the low fees plus the massive demand for Bitcoin as the dominant network will produce the highest total fee revenue and thus the strongest security we can hope for post-subsidy.
@_date: 2017-01-10 21:15:14
I love to hear 'I don't know.' It's always the truth and more accurate than other responses. 
I don't know either. I'm just guessing but if it was a matter of updating and deployment we'd see a more linear rate of growth in miners signaling for SegWit. 
In fact it has stalled out.
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:36:57
Perhaps, but that is not how miner's get paid. Miner's don't care what the price is. Only hodlers. Miners invest in hardware TODAY, use electricity TODAY to mine bitcoin TODAY. They typically also sell TODAY to pay bills and live life. The price at any one time only affects the subsidy paid. The fees are voluntary are price adjusted naturally.
If any update undermines or reduces their income, it will most likely be ignored. This is just how rational beings think about value.
Now, if SegWit was part of a hardfork that includes a block size increase it could be argued that there will be more fees overall, assuming Bitcoin continues to grow. The same cannot be said for SegWit alone except by charging higher fees which incentivize people to use other blockchains or corporate services. 
That is a deal that both gives and takes. It takes away some of the data they have previously been collecting fees for (signature data) but gives them the larger block space to make up for it, as long as Bitcoin's usage continues to grow.
As it is, without any block size increase in the cards anytime soon, SegWit only takes.
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:12:57
Transactions being half as heavy will require half as much fee as they do currently.
@_date: 2017-01-26 15:40:10
I'm tired of typing this out again each time someone asks this. It's not complicated. The change is not guaranteed to be revenue neutral or positive. Miner's, like nations, will act rationally towards their power and revenue. If it has the potential to reduce revenue miners will rationally avoid the effort and risk.
@_date: 2017-01-26 18:30:21
It's ok. If it was asked MORE, we might be done with this mess right now. Most people assume. Assume miners are being political and 'taking control'. They assume miners are greedy and want full blocks (they don't, they've pushed for bigger blocks at every turn), etc.
@_date: 2017-01-11 22:14:50
I'm saying the exact same thing. The block is literally the thing that ends up chained together to form the blockchain. That is still going to have a maximum size of 1MB as you say.
You can't define a block as all of the data needed to validate the transactions and then call me wrong. A block is quite simply whatever part is chained together to form a blockchain. The rest of it is segregated and NOT a part of the block. 
To Segregate: set apart from the rest or from each other; isolate or divide.
@_date: 2017-01-10 20:28:15
SegWit does provide more transactions per block by shrinking transactions sizes.
Transaction fees are typically calculated per byte. If you shrink transaction sizes you shrink fees assuming the same transaction volume.
If SegWit produces an effective block size increase to 2MB then that should approximate half as many fees. The only exception is if we assume continually full blocks. (A doubling of transaction volume. This is your assumption and it is not guaranteed.) In this situation miners don't gain or lose. However, it is most likely that SegWit will produce an immediate reduction in the fees paid to miners. 
In the longer term, a permanent reduction is almost guaranteed unless regular future on-chain scaling is allowed. Alternatively we could have high fees that increase with the user base. However, high fees dis-incentivize users from joining the economy and incentivize existing users to find alternatives. 
Considering the move to push transactions off-chain relatively soon after SegWit is enabled I doubt even sustained high fees could turn SegWit into a net positive for miners. 
Without a future of frequent healthy expansions of the block size to reduce fee pressure, transactions and their fees will move off-chain to corporate solutions, lightning networks or other blockchains. Miners are logical in defending their place in the system (and their income) from such competition.
@_date: 2017-01-24 15:47:07
It's staying home, in fiat. It's using paypal.
@_date: 2017-01-10 21:59:48
Everything you said is correct but your conclusion doesn't follow. (Except that SegWit transactions will not be the only transactions. It's a soft fork, but that does not impact your point.)
If competition for inclusion is lower by half would you not expect, if all other variables remain static, for fees to drop by half? 
If Volume doesn't remain static, if it increases to fill the space made available by SegWit, wouldn't a doubling of volume bring us back to where we started, as far as competition for inclusion goes? I'd expect fees to then match pre-SegWit levels.
If Volume more than doubles miners will make more revenue with or without SegWit. However, SegWit does allow volume to double before users begin to see fees increase beyond present levels. That in itself is not an increase in revenue but it is worth noting.
Essentially what you said was assuming demand for block space is high enough, miners will make more revenue. That is true with or without SegWit. I'm attempting to point out that SegWit is, at best, neutral to miner income. If they make more it is because of increased demand, beyond even the doubling of space with SegWit, and not because of SegWit itself.
@_date: 2017-01-10 20:55:34
I also think its fair to assume blocks will quickly become full but that only maintains current income levels and there is some income lost while waiting for transaction volume to rise.
Edit: Also, we must consider beyond the block reward subsidy. Once that is gone price is irrelevant, only transaction volume and fee market pressure matters. The users will find other solutions if transaction costs remain too high. 
The only way to afford the security we currently offer, on fees only, is more on-chain transactions. Higher fees will result in shedding users (to other coins or to lightning, etc.) and ultimately miners to alternatives offering new subsidies.
@_date: 2017-01-11 21:24:40
Hi u/theymos, you're not fooling anyone.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:51:01
If you have no costs, you have no Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-06 15:21:52
The users are in control of Bitcoin when miners are in control of Bitcoin. You see, miners want to sell Bitcoin and the end users define the demand for those units. Miners have invested thousands, maybe millions, and that can only be recouped by selling to users. The protocol cannot be developed to incentivize users to make system-aligned choices so we rely on miners. However, there is a closed loop. Miners need users to buy the unit and so their incentives are to maintain demand. Users run nodes to signal support and miners go against those signals at the risk of losing their investments due to weakening demand (confusion of forks will do that). 
Miners have the costs and the profit motive which aligns with system security and the incentive is to supply user demand. They are motivated to follow demand, not the loudest on the forums. 
Users run nodes to avoid trust in anyone else and while doing so helps the network by propagating blocks and transactions quickly they do not matter in building the longest chain. They are just users signalling expectations for blocks and transactions but that's ok because thats how it was built to work. 
This new concept of Bitcoin without miners or where miners are expected to bow before the human governance installed on top of Bitcoin (right now at a central development group) is complete bullshit. 
Miners already work for the users thats why Bitcoin works.
@_date: 2017-01-31 18:20:17
There is no mining centralization. The mining industry is healthy and has high turnover. New competition joins the game every day.
@_date: 2017-01-11 21:17:30
I hadn't even considered that twice the number of transactions requires twice the bandwidth.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:29:04
I buy your argument and I think if we could trust a best effort immediate start to planning a hard fork to permanently address the actual base blocksize scaling, most people on the big block side would get on board.
I don't think the small block side has any real intention of supporting any meaningful scaling of the base blocksize. That leaves SegWit in the position of being nearly guaranteed to cost miners revenue for the foreseeable future. 
How can CORE win that trust, after all of this division? CORE is not all that matters, either, a significant amount of users and community voices are under the impression that we need full blocks to produce necessary fee revenue. 
We don't, actually. The miners have a way to incentivize fee revenue with non-full blocks. *Minimum fee requirements*. A shit load of transactions with a tiny but non-zero fee has the higher potential revenue in total, with continued user growth which is not hindered by high transaction fees. The revenue here is limited only by demand. There is no pressure against the demand due to high fees.
Think about a full block worth of transactions with the highest fees people are willing to pay before finding an alternative. The maximum revenue from that is limited by the alternatives, not by the demand. 
Demand for this type of tool will grow. It will want to use Bitcoin as the dominant network and with all of the utilities and support. If this demand can, it will use Bitcoin and the revenue from fees, given space on chain, will be maximized. If this demand finds alternatives that are cheaper it will go there. Revenue will be limited by what competitors offer.
The attack on Bitcoin is convincing people to gimp Bitcoin to provide an opportunity to competition both in Lightning Networks and by traditional banking or by alternative blockchains.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:11:33
Are hardforks on the table? A hard fork is the most elegant, code-wise, of all solutions. It's just messy in the ecosystem and in the various corporations and mining pools.
@_date: 2017-01-26 19:33:19
The internet has become more centralized. It is not centralized. Notice the difference? Centralized means the internet is run from one room. Is it run from one room? Does one guy control the off-switch?
Also, the DNS is decentralized, it is a "hierarchical decentralized naming system". Authority is hierarchical with a root, and even at the root the keys are spread between 7 (I think) individuals, but that was how it was designed. 
Edit: If the internet was centralized then all internet services are centralized. If all internet services are centralized Bitcoin is centralized.
@_date: 2017-01-12 21:31:34
You really only need to avoid reuse of addresses once you spend from the address.
Continue to earn bitcoin to a single address (from a single App) until you want to spend it or place it in cold storage, or whatever, and once you sweep the funds, never use that address again.
Put a new address into the app and once again let any number of incoming transactions (from that App) go into the same target address. 
Don't mix apps. Each app should get its own address.
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:54:12
It's not. Miner's are not on board politically. It's not technical.
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:34:51
A soft-fork, undeniably, allows old clients to remain compatible. Any new block, now with segregated witness data cannot be greater than 1MB.
SegWit transactions will not be larger where it matters, in the actual block that is hashed and used to build the chain. They will be slightly larger in total because of extra overhead needed to store metadata in the segregated witness data store.
@_date: 2017-01-10 21:34:49
No, thank you for continuing the discussion. 
I do not believe the price has anything to do with Bitcoin development. The price of Bitcoin has more to do with governments and global economics. Also, the block subsidy reward will not be very significant in 15 years, it will be cut in half 3 times at least before then.
However, as for the short term, SegWit will make more room and reduce competition for inclusion. Volume could increase with that to keep miners from losing money and this will cap out at equality with the pre-SegWit fees with a doubling of volume. That is, SegWit's effect on miner fees will cap out. Fees could still rise resulting in miner rewards higher than present. However, this would of happened with or without SegWit. Demand for Bitcoin is due to failing governments, not technical understanding of its operation.
You're correct that miners could still make more fees, in real terms, with SegWit than now but it won't be because of SegWit, it'll be because Bitcoin is growing fast and people are bidding higher for inclusion.
Longer term, with SegWit enabling lightning networks, corporate sidechains and with quality alternative blockchains: anything short of on-chain scaling will result in a stalling miner reward. One that cannot maintain the security that we currently enjoy.
@_date: 2017-01-11 17:38:20
I think you're on to something regarding the market finding equilibrium resulting in similar fees either way. I am not at odds with this in my analysis. However, to work out what the impact of SegWit will be, and the resulting requirements of demand required to result in an equilibrium that is equivalent, we have to set up a model and make simplifying assumptions.
You're hitting on alot of points I totally agree with and I want to point them out before I disagree. 
We must balance utility as a global payment network and security and decentralization. I think most of our issues in this debate is that people have been driven to polarization and are typically all for one or the other. The issue I have with the SegWit solution is that its block size growth is a trick and as far as miners are concerned there will be no scaling of the number of bytes that pay fees for prioritizing inclusion. It's scaling for users but not miners. Miners care about scaling because they want to be paid more fees. With full blocks their fees are limited to what individual users will be willing to pay before they decide to go with an alternative. With unfull blocks their fees are only limited by the number of people in the world.
In order to afford  long term we must scale both transactions and fees, not just transactions.
What worries miners is that with an environment so hostile to bigger blocks we won't get reasonable scaling of fees on-chain. Those fees will move to lightning networks or worse, corporate or competing blockchains. When I say reasonable I mean unfull blocks. Blocks should not be full. If they are full money is being left on the table, from a miner perspective. I found a block, but there were fee paying transactions I could not include.
@_date: 2017-01-19 15:58:17
This is actually how it was all designed to function. If you don't like what's happening you can go fork yourself and take your transaction history with you and everything will be just fine. This is not an attack since the pre-fork chain is free to continue operation. There are some hard fork plans that would not leave the pre-fork chain in working order. That is an attack.
Public Relations be damned. Bitcoin is not just a network 'out there', you can take it with you at any time by forking. Want to move to Mars? That's too far to stay in sync with Earth but you can take your history and fork if your Mars community would value that compared to starting fresh. I'm into Bitcoin because even in the worst case and it becomes highly centralized and co-opted by corporate or national interests, we still can take it with us when, inevitably, we must throw them off again. They will never quit so we must stay vigilant and prepared.
"The Tree of Liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants." - Thomas Jefferson
We must be prepared to sacrifice public relations and our speculative investments when, not if, it becomes necessary to once again shed the influence and corruption of centralized national and corporate interests. I've heard, many times, suggestions of forking the hashing algorithm to reduce miner influence. This is an option you have, no different from miners taking our current hash power with us. The ball never lies. We will know what the ecosystem prefers and it will happen on-chain in public.
Forks are power to take our money and our system where we want it, especially when it will otherwise not go anywhere due to disagreement. This power is available to all, not just to the miners or the developers.
Don't want this to happen? Cooperate, negotiate and compromise.
@_date: 2017-01-09 19:18:40
Make Bitcoin free again!
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:55:05
You're for the stick over the carrot, eh?
@_date: 2017-01-12 19:38:16
That backwards compatibility is what keeps Bitcoin Bitcoin. Otherwise you would fork and be an entirely new thing. The limit that matters, the one we will still be at capacity on, is the 1MB limit. We will most likely not hit capacity for blockweight until after lightning comes along.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:58:01
Supporting Unlimited is supporting a division into two networks, so there's that.
Also, why rock the boat. The price of Bitcoin doesn't seem to care about the technical challenges we're discussing. Doing nothing is the most rational choice IMO.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:58:01
You don't have to have total decentralization to gain the benefits of it. You only need functional decentralization. Every citizen of the world would get all the benefits of decentralization if merely 1 honest node was running in each jurisdiction since legal compliance and government force are the real issue.
If you want to validate the entire thing yourself, you should but you don't need to be able to do it on a potato.
@_date: 2017-01-09 18:57:34
It is certainly possible to do on-chain. Hard drives are cheap. The real issue is orphan rates and network propagation. A really simple solution is to create twice as many blocks with half the reward of before. See, not impossible is it? 
However, I think miners can self regulate orphan rates. They don't want many orphans so they don't want to create blocks too large to propagate quickly. I still want some limit, though, just to keep a bad actor from creating a mega-block or something.
We do need to balance between both decentralization and scale but we don't want to forsake one for the other and I worry that is what is happening with the focus on secondary layers. 
Bitcoin is not done scaling itself.
As for Africans using Lightning; I don't know how the Lightning network industry will work out but if it is possible for the channel to be sent to Bitcoin due to a conflict then I have to consider that my cost for using Bitcoin over a lightning network is, *in the worst case*, a large Bitcoin fee to open the channel and assuming an immediate conflict, a large bitcoin fee to close the channel. This is twice the fee exposure of a normal transaction. 
If someone is priced out of Bitcoin due to the size of these fees and the relatively small amount of value they are transacting in, they are certainly going to be wary of potentially paying these fees TWICE, if the worst case happens.
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:27:05
You yourself insisted fees are based on competition with other transactions. If that competition is reduced by half, without the volume to compensate, how can you conclude anything but a reduction in fee requirements?
Ok, I will grant you that users will probably not pay much attention and will likely just use .0005 or whatever they have become comfortable with. 
That does not change the fact that a reduction of competition by half, and with the assumption that volume (competition) stays static, the fee required for immediate inclusion will be roughly half. 
Many people who disagree do so with an assumption of growth that produces increased miner revenue regardless of SegWit or not. I do accept this and actually believe that is correct.
This misses the point. The point is to analyze the changes that come with SegWit. SegWit alone, at best, is neutral to miner revenue and is in some cases a reduction. 
One very important case is in the long term when the per block subsidy is no more. Whatever the block size is at that point, twice as much competition will be required to reach fee levels equivalent to the same situation without SegWit.
@_date: 2017-01-26 17:25:37
If you want to doesn't mean it has to be cheap. It's rare and relatively unnecessary that one would need or even want to. 
We should not price-out entire nations of people from using Bitcoin, who live on less money per year than most make per day, because of it. To use Bitcoin you must be able to afford transaction fees. You don't have to run a full node. We are compromising the global reach of Bitcoin and its utility for those who need it most in order to lower your cost of being a useless and unnecessary full validating node amongst thousands of them.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:41:27
I am with you, brother. It's about balance, not one or the other. However, we cannot ever ask miners to forego profit or to choose against their incentives. We must engineer the changes with the game-theory that secures Bitcoin in mind. We must ensure each change is revenue neutral at worst, not merely at best.
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:36:50
It appears to me, at least among the small community of people who invest in cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin that "all told" the total market cap when you add up both coins is about what it was before the split.
I don't know of a better way to measure 'reputation' than speculative investment. Both networks are very much in development with very little in the way of actual economic activity or services, etc.
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:02:19
The Federal Reserve is adding billions to it's balance sheet. As long as they're printing dollars like they just don't care, the answer is YES.
Buy a little every week, not a lot all at once.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:53:44
Why do we need so many small tiny nodes validating at low cost if the only people who need Bitcoin are large corporations doing large value settlements.
@_date: 2017-01-11 16:55:31
It is on chain scaling but its mechanism is to have less on-chain. That does not mean we've done any scaling. That means we've done optimization. 
Please explain how you see supply and demand working in a non-linear fashion. I'm curious what you mean by this. I am no expert but I don't see an alternative. If either is static (as supply is in our case) changes to the other will produce changes to the price. These changes will not be quadratic. They will not go exponential. They will be comparable and linear. If you go up by x demand, you won't get a price of x^2 or 2^x. I could be wrong, this would certainly be interested to read about. 
This could always feed back into the demand itself and demand could reduce instead of pushing fees further but this does not change the relationship between supply and demand.
@_date: 2016-12-13 20:55:44
I don't believe anyone has to report what they own, only what they've sold. edit: Like gold.
@_date: 2017-01-11 20:38:13
Are you getting paid?
@_date: 2017-01-28 22:49:39
What the other responses have missed is that you said "that require 95% support", ie: consensus altering and fork causing changes.
I am still going to say Yes. Necessity is the mother of all invention. We will come up with something that satisfies everyone, eventually.
@_date: 2017-01-11 18:51:52
The blocksize limit was not removed so no, I don't understand that. I understand the truth which is as I described it in my last reply.
@_date: 2017-01-20 22:14:10
The blockchain is a database with cryptographic proof of participation locked up with every record. It chains together hashes of the previous state into the new state with signatures of those making the changes. 
It's in the data being saved and not an external property of other security measures like access restriction and logging or legal enforcement, etc.
The ownership of the data can therefore be cryptographically protected from malfeasance even by the custodians of the data. This property only holds if there is some distribution of power in determining what counts as malfeasance. Even a small level of distribution, say among several member banks that participate, will produce strong benefits in security and transparency not to mention speed of transaction finalization. This proof means the member banks can release funds to clients much faster than in the typical system.
The true value of the technology is that it can give people back control over the information they rely on. Your car title is information in a database that says you own the car. That information is valuable to you but you have very little access to that database and relatively little to no proof that it was secure in its operation and hasn't been tampered with internally. You trust the government in this job.
Most people assume governments can be trusted so the demand may not yet resonate. You may still trust the government but you're still insecure since identities are insecure and easily stolen. 3rd parties know enough about you to fake your identity and you have no proof of their security either. 
If a blockchain system was used (along with a willingness and ability on the part of the users to keep their private keys secure) all of these issues disappear. The database can be public while remaining secure from tampering. It can be anonymous since the public key of the property is all that is known, not what the property is. The owner remains anonymous as well unless the government demands to know these things and even then, that doesn't need to be on the public blockchain.
The most amazing and powerful use so far has been to completely digitize cash. When combined with a peer 2 peer global distribution of the nodes and a fair distribution schedule of the base unit, we can create cash without a centralized organization whom we must trust is neutral. 
This world has made it clear that no one is neutral. This technology has the potential to change humanity because we've never had neutral money before. Even gold has been regularly debased to benefit the minter.
We have a long road yet to convince everyone to walk this new path, but for the first time we have technology that can provide an alternative to paper law, paper money. Not only are the government issued money's of the world being disrupted by Bitcoin but the insurance and financial industry's are also set up for disruption due to the blockchain and that's why all of those old men are there. 
@_date: 2017-01-19 21:57:39
I'm on twitter too, so that's probably where I've seen it. A lot of venture capitalist liberals are starting Bitcoin companies these days, obeying regulation while trying to get paid. 
They like to think Bitcoin is just cool technology. These are the Blockchain not Bitcoin folks.
@_date: 2016-12-09 17:30:54
Land is an investment. You're not going to have access to the value you put there for, well probably forever.
'Store of Value' is the use-case where you have value and you need to store it short-term. I am not attempting to be insulting but I do know quite well what I'm talking about. 
Land is not a store of value. Land has value but that is not the same thing. Grammar is not the judge here, economics is and every economists from Keynesian to Austrian will, without a doubt, confirm what I'm saying.
@_date: 2017-01-26 15:43:46
It's the in between that results in reduced revenue and my analysis seems to suggest that at best, once blocks are full again, miners would be receiving the same fees as today (assuming all other variables remain constant except volume) but it'd require twice as many transactions, twice as much effort hashing and validating them, twice as much bandwidth used to relay them, etc.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:06:42
But unlike SegWit CSV had no risk of costing them revenue. It was guaranteed to be revenue neutral. This is, by my very rough and unscientific napkin math, at best revenue neutral. 
@_date: 2017-01-26 18:24:53
Of course we don't *just* increase the block size. We must do all we can on all fronts. We must optimize and do SegWit and fix the quadratic issue, etc.
But, essentially, yes. We grow the blocks as demand exists to do so. If that many citizens globally are using Bitcoin, its decentralized. I promise. It's like the internet. Yes, we had to go to datacenters and centralized infrastructure but its still decentralized in function. 
There are alot of forum posts by Satoshi outlining this future as acceptable and expected, really.
@_date: 2017-01-10 19:11:11
I don't quite understand what you mean.
As for the miners: do you expect them to be, in any way, benevolent?
@_date: 2017-01-25 22:03:34
It certainly hasn't helped but I don't think alternative teams with differing ideas about Bitcoin are necessarily a bad thing. It's just not a very competitive team nor are they very interested in compromise but neither is CORE.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:04:57
Why do we have to wait for SegWit to pass to discuss dynamic block size proposals? That is the issue many people have with this side of the debate. 
You're just telling us when we're allowed to discuss things, not that they're not good or possible. 
I don't like being told you have to wait because we have decided what is best and what is the priority. The priority should be to find a compromise and increase capacity.
It appears to the other side of the debate that the priority is finding a way to monetize blockstream, whether or not that is true or not.
@_date: 2017-01-25 20:24:42
Bitcoin can only work if you don't need to ask the miners to do anything. They should be incentivized to do the thing. That is how the whole thing keeps from crashing down. If they are not benefited by a change they should, rightfully, avoid effort and risk.
We should ask the question how do we make SegWit more attractive to miners? Notice the difference? 
I believe SegWit is in aggregate neutral to miner revenue. At best it will relieve congestion and fees will go down in the short term. If the blocks become full again (the 1MB part most likely will sooner rather than later) which with rough estimates means double the volume has come online, they will probably be looking at fee revenue that is roughly equivalent to what we have now just spread over twice as many transactions.
I believe SegWit would be a positive thing for the ecosystem but what is not clear is if it will be a positive thing for miners. 
Will they ever make more revenue with SegWit and no other blocksize increase? A blocksize increase beyond SegWit is dubious. There is no trust that such a thing would gain support once SegWit is enabled. 
It's quite simple to me. Make it obvious that SegWit is a revenue positive change. Increase the blocksize along with it. Reduce the risk that comes with very complex soft fork gymnastics. 
Hard Forks are not that scary. The time we've spent preparing SW SegWit and arguing about it was plenty of time to line up and perform a hard fork safely.
@_date: 2016-12-09 17:48:21
I haven't actually commented on the validity of his statement, only yours. 
I don't know that anyone knows exactly what came first value in a shell or bead intrinsically or simply the concept that it represents future reciprocity, as in debt.
@_date: 2016-12-08 15:38:39
I'll attempt to answer what quite a lot of disagreement has been about in this thread. 
Why is SegWit not desirable?
First we need to define who is doing the desiring. The trigger threshold is defined as percentage of blocks signalling 'YES'. This means that the very trigger mechanism CORE engineered says miners have the final decision on this softfork activation. 
Now, we can put aside all of the other participants within Bitcoin and we can ask why wouldn't miners want SegWit?
I propose a very simple answer. Their business model will eventually and ultimately be to charge for the data that goes into those blocks. Why would someone in that business want to reduce the amount of data that goes into those blocks? 
I could see why a miner would want more space for said data as more data is more profit but reducing the amount of data that miners need to handle is untenable on simply economic grounds. That is, without negotiation and compromise.
If you want to take away something, some significant chunk of their profit mechanism, you'll have to do better than 'but this is the best thing for Bitcoin, trust us'. You're going to have to make compromises and treat the other major forces in this system with more respect than you have (I'm talking to CORE/Blockstream, but also r/Bitcoin).
I know quite a lot of people think we're all in this for an altruistic vision of a future world of completely independent money for all but the reality is that this 'independent money' is only possible with game-theory that puts the greed of the participants to work for us. If Bitcoin tries fight that greed it'll lose. 
**TLDR;** If you don't respect the profit motive of those who provide the core security, you're going to have a rough time.
@_date: 2016-12-12 18:10:09
I would think it is worth quite a bit more. Don't ask here and don't take offers over private messages.
@_date: 2017-01-30 19:44:19
Convince me mining is broken.
@_date: 2016-12-09 16:33:27
To be a 'store of value' something has to be useful for storing liquid assets.
Buying land is the last thing you'd want to do with value you might need soon to buy things with. 
As I said, I don't know how to buy food with land. How is that a good way to store excess value that I am going to need rapid access to sooner or later?
@_date: 2017-01-11 16:38:01
The fact that it is a soft fork means the 1MB block size is not going anywhere. Please try again. The things that count against it have been reduced and all of those things together now have a 4MB cap, in total. I understand completely and none of that changes my thinking.
@_date: 2017-01-27 15:48:15


I absolutely agree here. If mining is not decentralized enough to support the network as the ONLY nodes, then mining is too centralized. Not to mention the other services and corporations that will want full nodes like Blockchain.info, Shapeshift and Bitpay, etc. 
You don't need to have your own full node. You only need to know of one trustworthy node or service. Avoiding trust in others costs effort and bandwidth. It is the freedom you have. What you don't have is a right to run a full node on a potato. 
What we should be focused on in Bitcoin is giving people the ***right*** to independent money. We cannot offer Bitcoin to the poorest of the world with an artificially constrained blocksize with high fees and slow functionality. We cannot ask them to place at risk significantly large amounts of money (for them) in the case of a conflict on the lightning network, requiring a large fee to execute the channel closing transaction.
@_date: 2016-12-14 15:06:23
It's still legal to pay cash for things, thankfully, so that is not a problem.
@_date: 2016-12-09 21:43:27
Yes, cattle is no longer the best commodity for storing value.
@_date: 2017-01-25 21:50:10
Not a problem but it is not obvious that it is in their best interests, short term. And short term is all miners have. Mining has high turnover.
You have to understand miners don't hodl like us. They have bills and the block subsidy only goes down for them. So what if the price of bitcoin goes up. That just means more competitors and every GH that is added reduces the portion of that they are ever likely to earn. Every halving looms large as well.
@_date: 2017-01-27 19:22:18
I wouldn't say 'failed', it'll just be a less secure alt-coin.
@_date: 2016-12-14 19:07:16
No, but why can't I buy with cash and sell on Coinbase?
@_date: 2017-01-12 16:56:58
I did not realize that only the header is hashed, but it makes sense. I will alter my argument.
It doesn't change the fact that backwards compatibility continues to require a 1MB maximum size to the block, as I mean to use the word, the 'base block'. The part that contains the transactions both before and after SegWit. I simply have to restate exactly what I said before and dance around the word block as it now lacks specificity.
I concede that it is accurate to call those 'blocks' but I still say that confuses things when we still have to discuss the concept of a 'base block' vs the 'big blocks' of SegWit that aren't sent to classic clients.
@_date: 2016-12-15 15:28:38
You don't report buys, I don't believe. You simply use the cost basis to calculate your taxes owed. Because of the ability to use cash or mine, etc. they can't tell that you didn't buy at a more expensive price more recently than they have 3rd party records for. 
Like with gold, you simply calculate your taxes voluntarily using your records, you don't have to provide those records to the IRS.
I'm not sure what power the IRS has in an audit to demand those records or how they would intend to verify them if they did. Is that the situation you mean? Perhaps we're just talking past each other. I'm not sure what is expected during an audit. I'm simply talking about non-audit compliance. You don't have to report buys or your holdings. You are expected to be able to calculate accurate cost basis but even with an audit those records are subject to your accuracy and fidelity and have limited verifiability. Their existence at all is most of the way there.
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:06:12
Except it is, even without a hard blocksize limit. The reality of the physical infrastructure is that there will always exist some size of block that will be too big to transmit and validate before another block is found. 
That is the ultimate maximum blocksize, however in reality miners won't want to even wait long enough to significantly affect their chances of finding the next block, which is why they currently mine 0 transaction blocks while they validate the last one because they don't know which new transactions are valid.
With an unlimited blocksize, we'd still eventually have fee pressure due to the race conditions that exist between finding a block and sharing it before someone else finds one themselves. The scarce resource is whatever amount of bytes will functionally pay fees and the reward subsidy but will also be small enough to share fast enough to avoid losses due to orphaning blocks.
@_date: 2016-12-12 14:54:55
Like taxes, the theory is that you are paying, in the end, really. The vendor will just adjust the price to compensate.
@_date: 2017-01-10 22:52:42
It is about protecting themselves. Bigger blocks is more fees. 1MB or smallish blocks forever will result in more users transacting off-chain whether that is in lightning hubs or in corporate solutions or even other blockchains. Whichever it is, they won't be paying miners.
@_date: 2016-12-12 15:03:15
As far as I understand lightning, only entering, exiting and conflicts need Bitcoin transactions. If your funds remain in the channel Bitcoin and its miners aren't involved.
Lightning scales bitcoin because it takes a significant chunk of bitcoin transactions and no longer bothers Bitcoin with them unless it is asked too.
@_date: 2017-01-10 20:40:36
I'd assume he's just as clueless of its pros and cons as he was to its availability.
@_date: 2016-12-14 20:21:04
The point is plausible deniability and how little they should care about buys at all. If you buy, so what. They are looking for sales you're not paying your capital gains on. 
@_date: 2016-12-09 16:36:26
You are the one that is taking the quote to mean something different. We all know he's talking about money and not investing. 
You've proven yourself a troll. Thanks for that. I can stop.
@_date: 2016-12-20 16:59:26
This is a worthless comparison. They are comparing apples to oranges. 
Bitcoin is not just a payment network and the security cost is not about that part of its operation. 
Bitcoin is a currency. Compare it to the cost we currently spend on defending our currency. That is: the entire military industrial complex. Bitcoin doesn't need force but it does need energy.
@_date: 2016-12-09 16:43:42
It's ok. That's where most people start out. These are not easy concepts to grasp. I simply expected a Bitcoin fan to take an interest in and desire to understand the nature of money and since you're obviously a troll or shill that doesn't apply to you so I say to you Good Day, sir!
@_date: 2016-12-09 15:56:10
I don't know how to pay for food in land. How is that at all money?
@_date: 2016-12-09 20:04:22
Yes, indeed and cattle can be considered a store of value in that situation, not the land.
Cattle could be the earliest commodity that was used as money. 
@_date: 2016-12-12 16:09:27
Price increases are not guaranteed. Bitcoin could suffer a bank run like any currency.
Also, who would be doing enough real bitcoin transactions to make up for it? The security subsidy (block rewards) will end and we need to replace it with enough on-chain transactions. 
I could be convinced that a lightning network would do enough on-chain transactions to pay for it but so far no one has done so. All I've seen are assumptions about future price increases and fee markets.
One big issue I have is that if Bitcoin proper is expensive (fee market) and lightning is cheap, why would anyone use Bitcoin? Then, who would pay for security?
@_date: 2016-12-13 20:13:25
Buying Bitcoins isn't a taxable event, is it? Selling Bitcoins is a taxable event and must consider the buy, though. Anyone correct me if I'm wrong. 
@_date: 2016-12-09 16:29:16
Please don't take this the wrong way but land is not a store of value. It is land.
I'm not trying to be insulting. I would like to help you understand the difference between money and property. 
Money needs to have certain characteristics to become dominant in a region or society. One of those is to be a 'store of value'. (Also, highly divisible, rare but not too rare, etc.)
Nothings stops land from being valuable but that doesn't have any affect on this statement, which is really about money. 
@_date: 2016-12-09 20:15:09
And what would that mortgage be denominated in? What proxy commodity/currency in this scenario would someone provide in exchange for the mortgage?
Whatever it is, thats your store of value.
@_date: 2017-01-09 17:12:41
What if it's not a single coffee but a week of wages for a citizen of Africa where Bitcoin would otherwise be extremely useful due to the many untrustworthy governments of the region? 
The total value transacted is actually not important. Fees are not paid per value, they are paid per byte. If the total value transacted spikes too much, in a situation with artificially restricted block space, you might even price westerners out of transacting.
Scarcity is important for a currency, that is the 21 million cap. It is not important for fees. Block space is not a constrained resource, except unnaturally so. Fees will be paid, and have been paid, without needing to be because people don't want to wait. 
The 'fee market' myth is dangerous to Bitcoin. If you make Bitcoin expensive to use it will be out competed by traditional corporate solutions and its use will stay confined to libertarians and cypher punks. Bitcoin must be for all the people of the world or it fails.
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:52:48
I suppose I am over simplifying a bit but I don't think it is invalid to use a simplified model to attempted to analyze the impact of SegWit. 
My opinion is that there is nothing about our system that would lead me to conclude that the price function is anything but linear. We don't have exponential costs to transactions as more people transact. For demand to cause a non-linear movement in price, as additional demand comes online space required would need to grow exponential. The space required for additional transactions is not exponential. It is linear.
@_date: 2016-12-12 16:50:33
Yes, 'bank run' is not accurate. I should of said 'currency run' or speculative attack.
@_date: 2016-12-09 22:19:50
Your post is welcome in a sea of hostility. Thanks for the level head. I agree about art and even the oil example further up. Anything that has value and things that are stores of value are different sets of things.
A store of value, in economics, is any commodity you would seek out when exiting an investment that is sufficiently demanded and with the lowest risk of loss. This is typically money but before money it was cattle or shells or beads or lengths of copper wire, etc. This also means it is not going to appreciate much because of the low risk.
An investment is a different thing. It has value, but because it is not simply a store of value, it is more, it has risk and it has the potential to change that value dramatically. Because it does not simply store value, it attempts to put that value to work, we don't use that term to describe it. Otherwise economists would simply argue semantics all day and never get anywhere (actually that's exactly what economists do anyway).
The topic was never about investments and whether or not something could hold value. The topic was discussing the validity of Roger Ver's statement and the land example does not provide a quality counter argument. I don't know that Roger is correct, but land is not a good example.
@_date: 2015-08-07 15:55:43
I disagree. Blockchains are exactly that, chains of blocks of transactions. How we incentivize trust in that chain is a separate issue. They can simply restrict access to write to it to trusted parties. 
They can then use chains of blocks validated by trusted parties and get all of the potential benefits of storing this data in a distributed blockchain that I mentioned; instant settlement, smart contracts, on-chain markets and more to come.
@_date: 2015-08-24 14:56:17
The ongoing debates are about On-Chain vs Off-Chain.
It seems to me that the argument is really about whether or not Bitcoin governance should be exclusively off-chain; total consensus through dialog, etc. We can see in the current political environment that paralysis is common. It is definitely disruptive for there to be uncertainty but if Bitcoin is worthy it will not fail.
As for the actual scalability issue, the division seems to be about where to solve the issue. On the one hand we have those who want to expand Bitcoin's capacity and resolve further issues within Bitcoin. Then there are those who would have us focus on additional services and applications for resolving this issue while leaving Bitcoin alone in order to avoid unnecessary risks that come with active development.
For the record I support the very conservative 17% increase and see plenty of decent arguments from both sides. However, if Bitcoin is worth all of this then on-chain consensus is the way to resolve conflicts in protocol.
@_date: 2015-08-07 17:27:38
The meaningful innovation is the encoding of the transactions as opposed to simple double entry bookkeeping. It is valuable to store and transmit and settle in this type of distributed network (for banks and institutions where trust is not an issue). 
It's just not using all of the valuable innovation that Bitcoin had to develop to exist.
@_date: 2015-08-07 17:30:33
I am politically aligned with you but it is not something we can realistically change at this point. The majority of people have to want to undermine that business model.
It is OK for some people to value trusted institutional protection and there will always be some that do. Bitcoin users still unaffected.
@_date: 2015-08-07 20:02:58
We'd only provide a regulation to allow corporations to have certainty of the policy of the government.
That policy, ideally, would be to codify the hands-off ideology of this subreddit.
Basically: "Bitcoin is not subject to laws drafted targeting previous technology. Use at your own risk."
@_date: 2015-08-07 17:53:03
A blockchain is a special kind of data structure. Relational double entry bookkeeping doesn't provide the necessary historical validation or transaction complexity needed for nearly instantaneous settlement, smart contracts, distributed markets and more. 
Basically, now that it exists people are recognizing the blockchain as a solution to the issues with distributing access to relational double entry bookkeeping. They weren't trying very hard but they had not come up with a solution until the development of Bitcoin. The solution was to actually ditch double entry bookkeeping all together and have one chain of history as opposed to a list of account balances.
@_date: 2015-08-24 14:26:02
The historical validation is not in scanning every entry going back forever. As it would be today, and it is in your Quickbooks. With blockchain tech it is simply verifying a hash, which is fast. The math allows us to skip a lot of unnecessary brute force validation.
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:41:03
Any organization that can issue debt outside of some other system should be called sovereign. That is, they have enough assets or clout that they can sell a promise to pay later, without involving any other party.
This type of entity is not served by Bitcoin at all.
To utilize Bitcoin at all it would issue promises to pay in Bitcoin and it could issue as many of these as its assets and credit worthiness allows. These promises could be tokens on a side or alt-chain or plain old fashioned paper money. This would be the Bitcoin Standard way of accomplishing this.
The benefit would be in gaining access to cryptocurrency developments in smart contracts and prediction markets, etc. (should they use a side or alt-chain) but they would never give up their power over monetary or fiscal policy except in some apocalyptic scenario. Actually, they could and will likely get all of this without Bitcoin but the network will be closed to banks and regulated parties, etc. since they can't incentivize security while keeping these monetary policy powers all to themselves. 
They could incentivize security in their separate network by delegating monetary policy to this network in order to achieve a traditional central banking situation (power to inflate/deflate when necessary) but they would be trusting a network of machines to determine when its necessary. Again, I don't see them choosing this until far after the singularity has made the benefits undeniable. 
The only way to use Bitcoin directly would be to completely dissolve the government authority over money and units. The government would be a node on the network like anyone else. No government would choose this as being sovereign means authority over money. The English even refer to gold coins as sovereigns, rightly so. 
This kind of transition to Bitcoin would go down very much like how Zimbabwe is transitioning from their local currency to the US dollar. They first have to get a bunch of Bitcoin and then exchange existing currency for it until the remaining units are worth no more than the paper they're printed on.
@_date: 2017-04-06 14:32:12
I don't trust anyone. I trust incentives.
@_date: 2017-04-06 20:16:14
I am mixing up some conversations. Sometimes I'm arguing against UASF and sometimes this ASICBOOST fix. You're correct, they wouldn't be out all of their investments in this issue, but there is a lot of support for a UASF on this sub that many believe will result in a clean upgrade and miner's just sadly agreeing. That is what I was thinking when I said they'd be out their investment completely and the following statement about further investments.
edit: Though even then... you're correct.
@_date: 2017-04-06 20:13:08
It is only considered **walking** if the hash-rate majority does not approve and you do it anyway, that causes a fork. That's an exit from their rule. Miners rule on the network. Aggregate demand rules, ultimately, but eventually.
Perhaps if the mining majority wanted to change something like the 21 million cap and you simply responded by resisting and changing the Proof of Work, there would be arguments that no one 'walked' or exited, but changing the proof of work is about the most incompatible change you can make so there would still be an argument that these people are walking away from majority 
 hash-rate Bitcoin, aka, Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-07 17:20:54
Not spite, power. Realpolitik. Developers are claiming to represent users. There is no vote. There is only group think and 'moderated' forums. Miners have the power to resist this alternative claim. According to Realpoliik, no group (nation) will take any action that diminishes their power, regardless of the common good or even the narrow good of their own citizens. Power is primary.
This current issue is just the latest in a series of things that show miners the philosophy of CORE is that miners are subservient to the desires of the technical experts who claim to represent users.
@_date: 2017-04-07 16:07:57
Its a small mind that assumes everyone who disagrees with them is corrupt.
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:10:44
What you're describing is correct, except applying it to the UASF is total spin. This is why hard-forks are the most fair upgrade mechanisms. Two coins trade fairly and equally on an open market and the miners eventually migrate to the one with the most volume and fees.  Note that your UASF will cause a hard fork if there indeed is a large enough amount of hash rate against it and you're trying your best not to be a hypocrite after all these months of yelling about how dangerous hard-forks are.
However, a UASF is not creating two coins for users. It's is upgrading the user coins without asking them what they want. You're asking the exchanges and wallets to decide for their users and telling the miners they can have their own coin with no users or wallets or exchanges, if they want.
It's the same hostile corporate oligarchical governance model we're trying to exit.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:38:05
Eliminating previously functional applications for ideological purity is no winning strategy, either.
@_date: 2017-04-07 14:21:24
They opposed the premise, that users and developer desires and ideologies overrule miners every time. They oppose the philosophy that seems to leak out of CORE and this subreddit, that developers representing users are in charge and miners need to stay quiet and do as they're told. 
Miners are more than servants to your whims. They issue the currency. It is theirs. You want it for its utility but that doesn't make it yours. You didn't issue it. You have no investments at stake and can exit from your position any time, easy. They cannot exit. They must mine something with this equipment or they lose. If you expect any with capital to invest in a system where the whims of users could wipe out the value of their hardware whenever someone gets them riled up, you're delusional. 
If miner's don't signal support for any soft-fork and you follow through by invalidating otherwise valid blocks, like a UASF for SegWit would, you cause a real fork. So, no, the proposal does not activate without miner support. No proposal does. 
@_date: 2017-04-06 14:22:02
It seems to me that disabling the covert means is a way to enforce the defensive patent. Anyone overtly using it will be attacked using lawyers. Which kind of blows my mind as a strategy from Bitcoin type people.
@_date: 2017-04-06 14:20:18
Mining is Bitcoin. Bitcoin is mining. Transactions do serve Bitcoin, aka mining. Transactions fees incentivize miners to continue to act selfishly as the subsidy declines. Everything incentivizes miners. No other party is involved in the protocol of Bitcoin. Nodes are for that specific user to avoid trusting a third party, they do not decide validity. 
This whole power grab has been in response to this ASICBOOST, I'm now convinced. The only way to 'fix' this is to go around the miners. However, Bitcoin doesn't have anyone else to ask. You write code for the miners or you write code that sits on the shelf.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:21:23
The miners follow demand, not 1000's of nodes all run by one person or loud internet echo-chambers.
You want to fire them? Sell your Bitcoin, otherwise, respect their greed and don't expect them to run code that requires their serving the greater good with selflessness.
@_date: 2017-04-07 18:26:40
One additional comment... even if fixing this would be in the best interests of miners who are not using this optimization, the precedent set for policing of mining strategies by developers might dissuade these other miners from approving it. 
Economics is not a hard science. Rational activity is not always what is mathematically most profitable. There are unquantifiable influences.
@_date: 2017-04-06 18:41:52


However long as they have money they're willing to spend to defend their investments if, as is the case currently, you're making a change that undermines those investments. They won't just go, oh well, lost that 20 million, better go beg to CORE to not further undermine our investments. They won't just fall in line and accept that CORE represents users and that they are powerless. They are quantifiably not powerless.
edit: They probably won't make further investments with such uncertainty as to the whims of the people. Bitcoin isn't a democracy because democracy doesn't work at this scale. This is the real risk to Bitcoin's security.
... and from the other thread we were having:


Absolutely, no disagreement on any level. Though demand is measured only by price, not node counts or loudness or defined by experts.


I mean that they have no other power. Their best play in the face of a hash-rate majority that they do not wish to follow is to walk. All of the proposals on the table can be defined as walking, as far as I've seen. I would be interested to see a counter example.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:08:21
Well-aligned to what? SegWit? It is not well-aligned with the game-theory requirement that miners choose to run it. Since it asks them to be self-less it is the offending part of the equation.
@_date: 2017-04-06 14:12:00
Could you explain why 'correcting' this is desirable? Why do people seem to have completely thrown the libertarian and anarchist principles of Bitcoin out the window?
Miners hash to get paid and any expectation of them to betray their investments, such as investments in optimizations, is a non-starter.
I am quite displeased with both sides today, if all of this has dragged out for so long because either CORE was attempting to sneak this past undecided miners or because of Bitmain protecting their covert use of this patented technology.
I'd like to try to work out which if either are true. People are so quick to assume that Bitmain realized that SegWit breaks this but its just as likely that CORE realized SegWit automatically fixes this and that's why they've been so rigid and stuck on it, even before it was done and tested and ready.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:05:25
I'd like to continue our conversation relative to the ASICBOOST stuff... I like how you think and so you might be able to convince me of the danger... 
I certainly don't like that it appears that this secret incompatibility has actually been the motivation behind their choices. This could apply to either side.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:51:50


You are correct. The third option is to run a node and choose a side during a fork. Either way, this isn't an enforcement mechanism. The invalid to you chain lives on as valid to its nodes and miners. This third option is simply the power to fork and define new validity for the new alt-coin.
I will restate my thesis more clearly. Users/nodes don't enforce validity. Their only power is to walk. Sell or fork.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:24:51
You shouldn't sweat it. You have nothing to lose unless you overextended yourself to invest more than you can lose.
That's why you, as a node/user, don't have any power at the protocol level. The miners have the power because they serve the ultimate fundamental quality of Bitcoin. Demand for the token they issue.
Anyway, their miners are perfectly compatible, they just won't get the boost.
@_date: 2017-04-06 18:31:29
The coin goes with the hash-rate. Users walk.
@_date: 2017-04-06 16:10:10
My perspective is that removing it, while it may be ideal technically, is essentially saying that the developers should police the mining industry.
This sets up a situation very much like monopolized industries in the United States, where regulators make all competitors equivalent due to the requirement that they compete 'fairly' as dictated by regulations.
We shouldn't ask if removing it is the best technical solution, we should be asking if a technical solution should be implemented to police the mining industry. 
My perspective is that Bitcoin's core premise either works or it doesn't. If we need regulators Bitcoin is a dead man walking.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:57:42
I'm more concerned with the proposition that developers should police the mining industry. That feels a lot like regulation. That puts the mining industry on their heels not knowing what to invest in unless CORE gives it their blessing, otherwise their internet mob will fork Bitcoin and destroy their investments.
@_date: 2017-04-07 14:08:13
Notice the lack of the word 'covert'. To completely remove it is not a soft-fork. You have to change the block header for everyone, which would make old nodes invalid if they expect an old block header.
@_date: 2017-04-06 16:54:23
Not unless you have 100% (not 95% or even 99%) of the world's exchanges on board, otherwise the fork **you** initiate will see both coins traded. The advantage as users is that you have nothing to lose. You will be able to sell your coins for something. Most miners will be completely bankrupt. 
An effective way to destroy the security of Bitcoin: bankrupt miners.
@_date: 2017-04-07 17:39:42
Another user made a great point that I'm going to steal... 
If this is indeed being used by only one miner or not used at all, the aggregate mining industry does have incentive to see it fixed. If this fix is offered without baggage (SegWit, etc.) then the incentives that I claim aligns the miners with Bitcoin would produce consensus on fixing it. 
However, if it is more available, even covertly, as some users have been finding (they can use a certain pool and use ASICBOOST on their Bitmain miners, apparently, source needed) then the second option you provided would be the case and the incentive is to keep it but that doesn't mean mining is centralized. Production is already very centralized but it is in their best interest to diversify this power among other owners or risk all of their hardware with the collapse of Bitcoin's main tenant. Its too early to know much for sure but it seems that there is nothing different between Bitmain's own miners and the ones for sale publicly.
I believe my premise holds, perhaps barely. Anarchy doesn't look pretty all the time but it produces the best kind of order. Order without a dictator or hierarchy charged with or claiming the power to determine it.
Also, this only blocks certain changes, not all. There are many ways to skin a cat and there are plenty of options for fixing malleability, scaling, enabling LN and all of the other features, without needing to fix this. We shouldn't be asking the miners to give up any advantages they've developed unless the bug is a risk to Bitcoin's proper function as a trustworthy historical ledger. That it blocks some types of changes does not change the current proper functionality. Changes we propose will just have to adapt to this reality in order to get miner approval.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:00:48
What incentives are those? People have a million different opinions about politics, money, morality, religion, etc. Their incentives, the community they live in and their friends and co-workers, are all different and unique and do not necessarily align with Bitcoin's.
Miner's have only one opinion. I must be profitable. That profit is dependent on Bitcoin's function and the demand for their issuance. They all share this incentive regardless of their other personal political affiliations. That cannot be said of users.
If users, or the population at large could reliable converge on incentives the way that Bitcoin causes miners to, we wouldn't need Bitcoin. We would be able to control our government issued currencies.
@_date: 2017-04-06 18:57:03
So am I. I love competition among ideas. However, there can really be only one chain per work algorithm. If another chain's hashrate is &gt;50% of yours, your chain's security is dubious at best. If they fail, if users bail on them, they could attack and reorg the other chain. They're already out alot of money having mined on a failing chain, what's alittle more when you're angry?
@_date: 2017-04-11 18:51:07
Where do users represent themselves? They have no interaction with the operation of Bitcoin, the system, except through developers who intend to develop code to serve them or through nodes which are more for the node operator than for the network, allowing trustless access to Bitcoin and then there are miners who serve user demand indirectly. 
Where does Bitcoin, the system and protocol, give users any representation?
@_date: 2017-04-06 18:53:07
It is already allowed in the protocol and hash rate majority is required to change it. The truth of the economics is that there will never be consensus level agreement to this.
Thus, the question should move beyond that. How do we deal with issues that miners will decline to fix, given that mining cannot be asked to be moral or selfless in any way? Should the rest of Bitcoin attempt to regulate miners? How would this work? Who would decide? How does that remain decentralized? 
@_date: 2017-04-06 14:50:24
Bitcoin has always assumed that miners act in greedy ways, yes? Why would anyone expect miners to run code that requires them to be self-less, in the face of an upgrade that undermines this? 
In the face of a team of developers who also claim the authority to undermine any future investments in such research with future changes to the transaction structure.
Blocking SegWit for greedy reasons is not surprising at all. We all knew it was blocked for greedy reasons. Either because of the enabling and subsidizing (by discounting Witness data) of competing layers for handling transactions or for this ASICBOOST thing. 
Who knows... the point is that asking miners to run code that goes against their individual and personal benefit invalidates Bitcoin's premise that we don't need to expect or hope for their benevolence.
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:47:47


No, the exchange decided validity. Centralization of power over this decision, as I see it. The truth is, for any coin with a greater market than feathercoin, a single exchange would not be able to affect such power. Someone will list the 'invalid' chain, invalid only to those nodes who decided it was invalid.
At best, user/nodes have the power to walk. They can sell their coins or they can cause a fork by resisting hash-power consensus or by introducing new requirements that cause the currently valid blocks to be considered invalid by their new alt-coin.
@_date: 2017-04-04 15:49:02
I agree, this is a great compromise. The only difference I can see is that extension blocks don't try to incentivize certain types of transactions, that is - large multi-signature stuff. (Lighnting)
Otherwise, all of these concerns are very well understood by big blockers who just want a clean hard fork. The original upgrade mechanism. The same level of consensus is required, really, that is - hash rate enforcement. However, with a hard fork you don't get all of this complexity bloat where some people see and enforce some things (miners, upgraded nodes) and others don't care about certain things, causing people to doubt the decentralization and transparent operation.
Imagine a future of only soft-fork extensions to Bitcoin. Miners would have to enforce everything. Every new feature, ever new extension, but users would be left without an opportunity to veto. That's the downside of soft-forks. You don't actually ask the users at all.
All the small-blockers fear a hard fork because it puts miners in control, but miners are already in control. A soft-fork takes power away from users to block them. It's quite a genius development. Things can just be stapled on and because miners enforce it and because it offers features and discounts, people will use it and anyone against it has to be the one to fork because technically it is all valid, in the weakest sense of the word, to old 1MB Bitcoin.
A hard-fork upgrade with consensus has the risk of splitting the network. That is why it's desirable! If all parties are not aligned, miners, nodes, merchants, it doesn't happen. It's too risky to hard-fork if it could split. Miners wouldn't do it. They have too much investment in hardware at stake. The reason we're here today discussing this sadly suboptimal soft-fork instead of a hard fork is because the small blockers insisted hard forks were dangerous because there could be a split (that the small blockers themselves promised to cause by resisting, intellectually, a world where the hash rate is the ultimate power). 
A soft-fork is the tool that takes away this risk. Fine. We need to remove it now that there is no chance for consensus. You still get new features. Miners still must enforce all of the rules and the miners still have the power to decide, only now nodes and users will be dragged along by default and so they must make the first move, to fork, putting them into the precarious position of being the alt-coin. 
Big blockers have been arguing these points for months in support of a hard-fork.
However, I also buy a lot of the benefits of soft-forks. The arguments made by small-blockers for its superiority are valid.  The risk of a split is so great that we may never get hard-fork upgrades ever again. Soft-forks, while they introduce this uncertainty in un-upgraded nodes, do not break any of the properties of Bitcoin. If a majority of miners and at least some portion of the nodes will accept and validate coins contained in extension blocks, then they are Bitcoins just as if a hard-fork produced a majority of miners and some portion of nodes that do so. In a hard-fork, those nodes who don't are expunged but the results are the same. In both situations miners who don't upgrade are either expunged or have their blocks orphaned, potentially, if an invalid transaction sneaks in, so we can assume all miners will upgrade once the soft-fork activates.
The issue that is really underneath all of these topics is the question of trust. It seems many here don't trust mining as a decentralized industry. There seems to be no shortage of attempts from small-blockers to break the 'miner control.'
Mining is Bitcoin. Bitcoin is mining. Mining doesn't exist without a cryptocurrency and a cryptocurrency can't exist without mining. (Don't even talk to me about proof of stake. Without spending real energy and having real hardware, you're just a toy token, worse than fiat.) I believe in the one-algorithm idea. There can be only one chain per algorithm. If 50% of another chain's hashrate is equal or greater than your chain, your chain is not secure so there will eventually be only one chain for that algorithm. Miners have every incentive to produce the best Bitcoin. Users and developers have every intention of producing the best Bitcoin. I trust incentives not intentions.
@_date: 2017-04-07 14:29:42
No, you're not missing anything. People have just been brainwashed with anti-miner FUD. The centralization boogey-man has created sheep of this subreddit.
@_date: 2015-09-03 18:41:53
A decentralized solution will never match a centralized solution's throughput. 
Stop worrying about competing with Visa on a metric we don't want to win.
If Bitcoin needed to process that amount of transactions today all of the nodes would have to live in the same building and the blocks would be 1GB and the blockchain would grow faster than anyone but Google or Amazon could store.
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:13:28
@_date: 2017-05-18 18:53:41
I don't claim they are immune as individuals or as corporations. They have the option to be anonymous. How do you coerce an anonymous miner?
@_date: 2016-10-26 20:21:47
I long for the good ol' days when Bitcoin wanted to change the world as opposed to being happy it works at all.
I guess we should all accept the disfunction since disfunction isn't complete failure.
@_date: 2016-10-26 17:25:32
Can't just say it. Auto-moderators delete those posts.
@_date: 2017-05-11 19:39:32
I see people working together. I see no evidence that mining has centralized to such a degree that Bitcoin is in danger. In order to move forward with a UASF or other apocalyptic revolution against PoW, you're going to need to do better than guilt by association or the circumstantial 'evidence' presented here. 
You're talking about blowing up the consensus model and transferring it to a human governance model centered on the CORE repository and some economic 'consensus' among the largest corporate actors, wallets and other software projects. You're doing this based on the suspicious cooperation among miners mining on OTHER BLOCKCHAINS! 
Give me a break.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:05:20
@_date: 2017-05-10 18:31:35
You got any evidence for mining centralization? 
I see more competition and more distribution of power ever day. Every dollar the price goes up incentivizes more, while the first part of your fake quote does seem accurate. 
Core does seem like a planning committee which is very centralized and the artificial limit seems to quite conveniently assist in monetizing a significant corporate sponsors' technology.
@_date: 2017-05-18 19:43:19


@_date: 2017-05-19 14:15:34
Bitcoin isn't a democracy. You can't protest and accomplish anything. The hash rate does what the hash rate does. If you don't like what it's doing you can either raise money to buy hash power and participate and mine yourself, revolt against PoW (producing a minority hash rate fork, which UASF will be when it fails to gain hash rate support) or you sell your holdings and use another blockchain.
@_date: 2016-10-26 17:20:37
Lets blame the spammers and not the fact that we have an unresolved attack vector in our Core implementation. Yeah, that's logical.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:20:38
Ah, good to know. 
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:11:44
You don't need to run a node to be self-sovereign. Just ask several nodes. VPN out to other networks/countries to see from their perspective, etc.
This is all FUD. There is a remote far future circumstance that MAY happen, others argue it may not, that pushes full mining nodes together into well connected data-centers. This is happening already but big blocks produce big orphan risk and so it is necessary to be well connected to most of the other mining full nodes. The physical hashing hardware does NOT need to be in the datacenter to use that well connected full node.
Just like the internet, everything is still suitably decentralized and plug and play with no one's permission to ask, even without every person running a node on a pi-tato in their basement.
See Peter Rizun's talk at Coinbase recently on YouTube.
@_date: 2017-05-10 20:53:11
I'm just curious where you're seeing it, then. Everything in my face shows the measures of mining distribution growing more distributed.
I'm politely asking for a resource which illustrates your claim because my apparently ignorant doubting self just cannot seem to make google produce it for me.
If you cannot produce evidence to support such a dramatic conclusion I would suggest you stop repeating it. All of you.
@_date: 2017-05-17 21:00:18
The trick with Trezor's is to set it up twice (or have two). First, set it up to use a password, deposit money, etc. Then wipe it and restore using your seed, however this time don't set it up to use the password. 
This way if someone steals your Trezor and you give up the pin then they will see no password prompt and you get to claim ignorance of any additional password.
However, there is actually another password to use. In order to use it you need to restore the Trezor from the seed and set it up to use a password again. Then you'll get the prompt. This is easier with a second Trezor, so you don't have to have the seed on hand, only Trezors. The seed and Trezor number two should be kept physically secure, most importantly the seed.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:18:48
This is how you get taken over by governments. They get to tell exchanges and businesses what to do. Miners don't have to ask anyone. Notice how one is plug+play and decentralized (even anonymous if you want to be) and the others all have KYC and AML policies? 
How stupid are you UASF guys, really? Are you trolls or actually stupid?
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:46:16
Good riddance. What will you call this new coin? 
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:18:17
You need 51% of miners to pull this off. It's always about miners when it comes to changing or adding consensus rules.
@_date: 2016-10-26 19:30:13
To add: The per-block subsidy will quickly deteriorate and with new users going with other blockchains, as suggested in the worse case above, the price will have no reason to increase with new supply constraints. Demand will not be growing. 
If the price doesn't increase after a halving, we will essentially see a halving of our security (total mining incentive) each time.
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:22:00
Not even close. The protocol specifically gives no power to any people or organizations. It gives power to physical effort. It doesn't trust people to know or to be incentivized to know what is best for the entire system. It trusts those who are going to be spending investment dollars on electricity and hardware to know what suits that investment best. That investment in the system is Bitcoin. That investment is the security. That investment is the decentralization. 
The rest of you people, nodes, speculators, wallets, exchanges are just customers. You are not Bitcoin and have no power except to walk. To no longer demand Bitcoin or to revolt against the PoW and fork to a minority hash-rate coin that will promptly need a new PoW algorithm or else.
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:13:49
Yes. It is a perfectly free market. However, no market in history has given power to the customers, fully. The producers govern their factories and the supply, etc. 
Miners produce and the rest of us are just a part of the market place. We are the demand. We have no direct power in the execution of the system. However, our demand is everything on the market side. The meat-space side.
@_date: 2015-10-22 22:02:59
We're currently bartering with a commodity-currency Bitcoin when we buy/sell items priced in dollars. Dollars are still the money we're conducting ourselves in though we're using the Bitcoin network to transact by bartering using the payment system's currency unit.
Bitcoin isn't 'money', in the classical academic sense, until we price our items in Bitcoin.
money != currency
edit: currency can be used as money but it is not always money.
@_date: 2017-05-11 16:07:21
You can claim a conspiracy the same as I can. I can claim that you should take your head out of the sand regarding the corporate profit mechanism of Blockstream, et al. but you should shout me down all the same as I have no evidence. It merely looks bad.
Your suspicion is not evidence. These people may find themselves on the same side of these issues and have very close relationships but the truth is that they have different pool URL's and separate physical locations and are managed independently (not to mention that a pool's hardware is not centralized physically; many independent miners control the physical hardware behind their hashpower, both legally and usually physically). 
If a malicious outside agent wanted to collectively take advantage of any such centralization in mining power he'd have to hack into all 3 of those pools infrastructure or compromise individuals inside each of those 3 institutions. That is the very definition of decentralization. Physical and logical separation. 
That miners are aligned is simply a result of their being in the same exact business as one another.
@_date: 2017-05-17 20:33:35
You're delusional if you think a large enough percentage of wallets, exchanges and most importantly hodlers, speculators and users will choose your revolution against Proof of Work over the security of the status quo.
@_date: 2015-10-23 16:45:38
Indeed the Dollar is not the only money used, globally.
However, Bitcoins is still rarely used as money even on dark markets.
I think the only time I've seen anyone price things in Bitcoin is the TREZOR wallet and bitcoin miners.
Bitcoin does fulfill all of those properties but only for a very very small amount of transactions. Yes, some people issues loans and price items in Bitcoin, with no concern for the exchange rate, but that only makes it money for them. People who issue or take loans in dollars and accept bitcoin payments for items priced in dollars are not using bitcoin as money.
@_date: 2015-10-22 21:54:40
Yes and No.
Yes, technically speaking, Bitcoin has no fungibility problem when used as money.
Realistically, this is a problem for Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not being used as money. We don't price things in Bitcoin. The loop is not closed. This type of an attack has value to the attackers and it will undeniably cause image problems and slow adoption.
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:56:27
So, a significant but minority of miners blocking progress is bad but a small AND insignificant number of users who promise to split the chain if they aren't pleased, is good?
Shouldn't everyone treat these idiots, intent on actually splitting Bitcoin in two, as just as dangerous as any non-consensus miner initiated split? 
How is it any less dangerous or damaging? Why do you promote one and resist the other? 
@_date: 2017-05-10 18:08:30
That changes nothing. Users are free not to transact or to exchange for another currency and transact there. The miners will still always be paid in Bitcoin and be limited to following one fork or another of any change. User power is still ONLY to walk. They can walk by forking and changing the PoW or they can sell. Miners may follow, but that is not the intended upgrade mechanism. That is a minority hash-rate fork and its not likely to survive without further hard-fork changes such as the difficulty or the PoW itself.
Essentially we're talking about a revolution versus the PoW government we currently have. Yes, essentially users could all just walk and if there indeed is so few left, miners will follow but make no mistake that is a new coin. It is a new society. It is a revolution successfully executed.
The current PoW governed Bitcoin upgrades via hard forks with mechanisms to ensure the unviability of the other chain (unless that chain makes further hard-fork changes).
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:15:18
Hash power is King. Go ahead, try to force miners to do something...
You can't get SegWit or any change that adds or alters consensus rules, without a majority of miners, even with your UASF you need 51% of them to safely pull it off.
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:04:04
You guys are not wrong, but its still not accurate. What seems to be the big misunderstanding, from my perspective, on this side of the isle is the confusion between transactional execution and economic incentives/markets.
Yes, miners build blocks to be rewarded in an asset that would not have any value were it not for the market place's demand for it.
That's the exact situation a car manufacturer is in. If people didn't want their product, they wouldn't invest money into factories or designing new models, etc. However, no one is saying we that demand cars get to govern a car manufacturer. Why do we do that in Bitcoin? 
Yes, miners should care very much about what we want for Bitcoin. However, that is not ownership or power. That is just like anything in capitalism. You invest and create on the HOPE there is a demand. The demand doesn't organize and control and direct the investment and creation.
@_date: 2017-05-10 18:23:29
I love that it has nothing to do with scaling. Let's go back to talking about libertarianism and market anarchy as righteousness like we used to. I think these concepts are lost on the newer people (both developers and users).
@_date: 2017-05-11 18:33:36
You can use electrum on a PC or mycelium on your phone once the trezor is set-up. 
You can also set up the trezor yourself without their website but you will have to compile some tools from source code, I believe.
edit: this is for Bitcoin. For other currencies like Ether and tokens or Litecoin, etc. You are most likely limited to using their website until wallet developers targeting those coins add support.
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:11:50
Which users? You're misrepresenting the global community of 'users' as a single set of ideals. These ideals are extremely diverse and there is no capacity for Bitcoin, the network of nodes and hash power, to quantify it or react to it. 
Users have power. No one is saying they don't. They simply have no power in code. Their power is whether or not they value the coins the miners produce. Their power is to fork and make their own network. Essentially, their power is to sell or fork; to walk. 
The power in code, on the network, is granted to the only participants we can be sure can't cheat (1 hash 1 vote) which happens to be those who are paid in Bitcoin, not by a corporation's human resources department. Those who have sunk costs into hardware which only has value if Bitcoin exists, unlike software companies or exchanges who could re-purpose their development effort to any blockchain, more or less.
Trust in incentives, not people.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:50:20
This particular game is more of a fundraising scam than a blockchain game, IMO. There's no owning cards, yet, only tokens of some issuance they did that they say is required to get cards. The promise is that as people pay for cards with cash they'll always buy back these crowdfunding tokens and use them to buy cards from themselves pumping up the value of these tokens. Sounds sketch.
However, its potentially desirable because the digital assets you're speaking of are never really owned by players and we can fix that now. Issuing digital assets on a blockchain (preferably a side or tree chain as the current cost of transacting on the main chain is prohibitive) makes it possible for a game to offer players real assets for their time and commitment as opposed to merely simulating asset ownership. 
Their future value depends on the service provider existing and continuing to fund the server hardware required. If enough players move on or if the studio falls on hard times for other reasons, the game and all of your assets are gone. Imagine if Magic cards stopped being functional all together when Wizards moved onto the next yearly iteration of their game? That's how digital assets work now. If a studio moves on because the player-base is too small to warrant spending money on servers or support, even if there are still a few hundred or thousand hard core players who would offer you real money for your rare digital game item, you can't give it to them anymore.
Sure, the game might not exist until some superfan nerd builds an open source server, but you would still own unique and rare digital assets even if the issuer disappears. Many MMO communities have reversed engineered servers so they could play the game as they loved it before it changed or was shuttered.
@_date: 2015-10-23 16:46:20
Your opinion is irrelevant if you stop listening when the facts become inconvenient. 
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:30:26
There are several different groups producing software and there is significant amounts of hash power using these other offerings.
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:58:36
Note: a chain split happens nearly every day as an orphaned block and results in no lasting issue. Those people will just be orphaned. Don't buy the FUD, folks.
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:26:54
Nodes don't validate for anyone but themselves and their users (in the case of an exchanges node or a pool's node).
Please explain how any nodes validation effort is used by the system or miners? When do miners ask any nodes but their own? They don't. They don't give a shit what your nodes think of their blocks. 
They only care what other miners think of their blocks. 
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:41:14
The point is that all of our links or your links are just propaganda. There is no magic way for the miners, or any of us, to know what the economic majority is, however, they do have the most incentive to find out before acting, either for or against a change like SegWit or EC.
It's like voting. Most people have no incentive to actually research the issues or the candidates. That's why we don't have votes in Bitcoin. We have bets. You have an opinion on what the economic majority is, but are you willing to bet on it? Are you willing to bet it all, like a miner must?
If you are a miner and you create a 2MB block that is a bet that it will be accepted and that it will be included in the longest chain after 100 blocks, so you can sell those coins. Also a bet that anyone will want them.
If you lose, you lose for real. You not only lose the time you took to hash that one 2MB block, but the 100 blocks worth of time you spent mining that hard fork blocksize increasing chain attempting to defend it. 
(You cannot actually spend coinbase coins for 100 blocks, as far as I know.)
Not like CORE loses if SegWit isn't implemented. They lose time; time many of them were paid for anyway.
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:20:27
He thinks since you can't run a full node on a potato that you can't run a full node and self validate. Apparently Sub-Saharan Africans need affordable full nodes more than they need to be able to afford transactions.
@_date: 2017-05-19 21:17:06
This is a revolt against PoW if done with a minority of hash power (which has never been done by anyone).
@_date: 2015-02-19 20:00:43
Just reading this from so long ago, I know, but I want to comment on your separation of mining from the value of Bitcoin. I'm not talking about price anymore once I use the word value. You are correct that the price is just what the speculators discover as they monitor market supply/demand. However without significant differences in supply and demand it should settle pretty close to the cost of production.
You see, Money has certain properties from which it derives value in people's eyes. It's divisibility. It's cost to secure and transfer. It's longevity, spoilage; ie chemical or political stability. It has to be available but not so much so that it becomes expensive to secure or transfer. The ease of which it is to verify its purity or authenticity. These and other real world considerations all go into the decision to use one commodity as money or another. The only situation where money is only as valuable as people believe is when that money is based on debt. Faith in the borrower. Bitcoin's have value because of the security of the network which enforces the properties of Bitcoin which make it functionally money. No network, no transactions. No strong network, no neutrality, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:18:32
Where do you find this graph?
@_date: 2013-04-14 05:27:46
This is a great idea! Everyone can contribute. I use these Maps in our production software because its accuracy and updates are crowd sourced.
@_date: 2013-06-07 03:50:31
The only thing that won't be quick is the government's acceptance of it.
If Bitcoin is used widely enough it we will quickly and easily adapt to market realities.
I do think you've got the right idea, but its not about the type of business it is the type of need. Is it food, shelter, etc? We will spend no matter what, we need those things. Drug dealers and addictions are things people are convinced they need. Media, Entertainment, luxuries and the rest will suffer and only the quality lasting products will remain.
If you're going to spend bitcoins that could buy so much more later, you better get something good that you'll be keeping for awhile. You get it.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:05:36
Some people will hold out until national currencies hold it as reserves. 
@_date: 2013-09-24 23:13:27
As said, the people really into this want to transact bitcoin stocks on the bitcoin blockchain and buy and sell them for bitcoins. 
I have a big problem with the Colored Coins idea. Namely that they consume coins. This is extremely troublesome if you believe, like me, that the satoshi's you use to represent your stock may eventually become worth more than the stock.
I like other proposals for similar mechanisms that I've seen that are much more complicated and would rely on a very mature block chain and network capacity. They'd also require the miners support additional transaction types that are stubbed out in the code currently. 
Colored Coins are possible currently but are a stop gap solution until the Bitcoin protocol, network and blockchain are mature enough to support a truly useful implementation of digital property transfer, contracts, automated escrow, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:52:50
We need something like this, but then have a broker API that you could roll out slowly and selectively to places like coinbase bitinstant bitcoinstore blockchain.info, etc. where they act as a digital broker where normal users just say here's money, give me bitcoins. 
Most people don't trade. Thats why we all want Coinbase to work so bad. They ask how many you want and where your money is coming from or going to. Done. 
If one or all of the brokerages go down, legit traders and representatives of the brokerage could still trade freely and without panic due to exclusivity. The multitude of users may panic and get super pissed at the brokerage, but the Bitcoin price will not fluctuate so much and this is good for everyone. 
I can see it now. A Miner Brokerage. Automatic deposits for mining payouts. No wallet/encryption/anything, if you don't want. Your pool account pays out to the Broker, he sells or holds as he wants, but pays you in fiat immediately. 
A coinbase that works.
A bitcoin bank with its own debit card. Paying for stuff in the real world with Bitcoins is the end goal, right? Direct Deposits stored as BTC or fiat, and again the BTC can come from the 'bank's reserves or bought from the market immediately. Purchases cashed out of BTC into fiat to pay the merchant. 
Again, the brokerage could, if it wanted, send these actions to the exchange immediately or hold fiat or BTC as the market demands. This is where they buffer against volatility.
@_date: 2013-06-06 02:07:10
This is just some law professor in Chicago, not the IMF.
@_date: 2013-06-06 01:08:06
There are a number of potential measures to squeeze close the exchange of fiat into bitcoin. Regulating the exchange of fiat into bitcoin is their first defense, and we're seeing that already. 
In the hypothetical, bitcoin is widely used and popular and regulating only slows down the activity, it would not be possible to eliminate it in his hypothetical future where bitcoin is boss. This is also an inelastic measure, not depending on the current economic conditions.
As the original author of the journal says, the IMF or world governments could hold bitcoin and as a means to protect their own currencies and would participate in the market buying and selling bitcoin with their massive financial holdings in order to have some measure of control over the exchange rate to it's precious currency. They do this by making more or less available depending on their desired effect.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:44:05
It is a valid question. 
I believe we'll see this coming and long before a quantum computer is connected to the network, we'll have forked to a new encryption method and specialized non-quantum hardware will be built for it (like ASICs are for SHA256) such that by the time a single quantum computer could come online, it would not get 51% of the network. 
Also, I think by the time a quantum computer is mature enough to even consider putting it to use on bitcoin the price of the hardware would far outweigh the potential profit from mining bitcoins as the creation of bitcoins will have slowed and you'd only be collecting transaction fees.
It will only be valuable as a method to destroy bitcoin but it could theoretically exist, eventually. 
@_date: 2013-06-07 03:19:09
Well, I think it would be the intense security. When this was scheduled in the Mediterranean a few years ago they had the host county on high alert and had the streets cleared for several blocks. 
The centralization of a significant percentage of the top of the top, the .001% of powerful people. They don't joke around with security.
@_date: 2013-04-13 21:27:51
Bitcoin is different than anything that has ever existed. It isn't gold, the only alternative to debt, and it isn't debt, the only alternative to gold. 
This has been the story of the last 5000 years. Debt or Gold. Gold for the liberating times, the political and spiritual powers have no special control over gold. Debt for the good times, when no one sees the danger right in front of them or it is easy to ignore. And back and forth.
What happens now? Anyone who thinks they know is an idiot.
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:05:49
Are you being sarcastic? I suppose I should of just said "will someday lead to bitcoin's acceptance?"
@_date: 2013-06-05 05:09:18
And America gave up 'absolute sovereignty' to the Federal Reserve, so what? Nothing I said was false. 
Prior to the modern era governments ran on taxes and they were enforced using violence because governments claimed absolute sovereignty over that money and demanded tribute. Money was still what make government go. It cannot do anything without it. Demanding taxes and demanding we use their phony paper is really not much different. Different governments do things differently but they all claim an absolute sovereignty over money, in demanding tribute (taxes) or controlling the issuance. Also, it is this power over money that truly enables them to do everything they are asked or choose to do. 
I honestly would like you to find an example of any post renaissance kindgom, city-state or nation that didn't operate this way. I enjoy learning history. That would honestly be interesting to read about. I don't doubt, realistically, that somewhere choose a unique solution, but I haven't heard of it. 
Perhaps some port city may have chosen to use only foreign currency and have NO taxes.
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:15:51
We can actually tell if Satoshi was doing this. If your'e familiar with bitcoin you can look at block 0 and forward and look at the addresses who got those rewards. 
I spent a good while one evening looking at each block, and the rewards for the first 40 or 50 thousand blocks are mostly unspent. Except for the odd lone test transaction, those blocks have no transactions and have never been spent. 
If satoshi even has the keys to those rewards, he's not spending them. I don't think he ever will since that would mean someone would know where he is and someone would come looking.
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:10:24
I would buy on an exchange like this. I don't want to play the high frequency games.
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:13:13
An alternative to Gyft cards.
Edit: I've received all the referrals I need.
@_date: 2013-06-05 20:57:36
The hypothetical is exactly this; a run on fiat is happening, the run is into Bitcoin instead of another currency. Traditionally, if it was to another currency or currencies, they would have tools at hand to supply the other currencies in large enough quantities to offset the spike in demand. They can borrow those currencies into existence or use the ones they already hold in reserves.
@_date: 2013-07-11 01:51:24
Big investors with money on Mt. Gox apparently do.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:59:48
These places may interest you. I have not used any of them.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:38:58
I'm a pretty big fan of constitutionally bound governments, but I prefer absolutely bound governments. 
IE: The second amendment is a great constitutionally bound limitation on government's ability to restrict the citizens ability to arm themselves against the potentially oppressive government. However, in reality, this doesn't stop them from doing everything else possible they can do to limit the citizen's ability to arm themselves.
I'm much more in favor of something like defense distributed. Torrent files for 3D guns. In this case it is the same desire but a much more effective result. There is literally no stopping someone inclined to produce a firearm from doing so, if 3d printing were widespread and all the rest of the caveats.
Bitcoin is like this for our economic liberties. Sure, there are numerous constitutional protections for my economic liberties. The reality is that government finds a way anyway, constitutionally bound or not.
@_date: 2013-04-13 21:59:16
His spending them would be instantly known unlike when some CEOs sell their stock on inside information or just how much the Federal Reserve has loaned this or that bank.
It is really no different than that situation. We trust the Fed to be benevolent. To inflate responsibly and for all of our best interests. Fairy and safely. We don't get to check though. We have to take their word. Why would they be afraid to show us the books? Because what they do, the manipulation, works less when everyone knows exactly what they're doing, and what they're trying to do. 
Bitcoin has this situation you speak of, where this one special individual could spend a shit ton of money he got at the beginning of time and take advantage of his invention's maximum personal potential and get rich out of his mind. Everyone would cry foul, but what exactly did he do? Did he steal anyone elses money? Not in the least. Did he trick everyone? Nope, it's all there in the chain for all to see. We know all of that could be his to dispose of.
The moment any of those coins move, we know Satoshi is ending the game. He has to move them to an exchange account first, after all. He's either coming public with his identity and taking ownership of all of that wealth, legitimately, or he's secretly cashing out and hiding. 
He's most likely spending only what he needs from the most recent reward blocks he's found.. These being created when there was ample competition and identity deniability. He probably has more than enough wealth to live on for the rest of his days without spending into identity revealing, nearly eden block addresses. 
Whatever happens, nothing changes about bitcoin. As I see it it's still preferable as money being free from theft by government or bank, either through inflation, taxation or confiscation.
@_date: 2013-06-04 17:55:14
Your tone is much more aggressive and confrontational than mine was. Yes, I have an opinion. Asserting it is not spoiling the debate.
My question is thus: if you believe all of that; taxes are fine, government is righteous in its pursuit of taxes, etc. **Then why does bitcoin interest you?** That is what I truly don't understand.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:19:59
This is the most secure you can be right now, effectively eliminating the risk of hackers (key loggers) or loss (by also backing up the deterministic wallet) and requires no trust in another party.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:04:36
You're right.
If this is your desire for bitcoin then do you really support bitcoin? Surely other services and payment systems fulfill everything else bitcoin does. They only cost more because of regulatory compliance. They could send money globally if not for government gate-keepers at the borders. There is nothing about bitcoin that is special except that it is not subject to political interests.
@_date: 2013-05-30 16:26:13
Because bitcoin's security is dependent on decentralized mining. Buying stock is centralizing the mining.
Because I believe bitcoin has the potential to change the world and I want to make sure it survives to do so. We need everyone to own ASICs and there to be so many of us that even the US government couldn't buy enough to get to 51%, easily.
Because I believe bitcoin's will be worth many many times what they are currently worth in the future making any short term loss on hardware investments irrelevant.
Avalon is not available to order and is significantly more expensive and will be obsolete much sooner with the power usage.
@_date: 2013-11-20 22:06:35






It's about political control over money and money transmission. Stability of Value is not natural and should not be something a government seeks to manipulate into existence. The desire to do so shows the hubris of Keynesians. The booms and busts continue regardless. They are merely magnified in intensity and the impacts of them are drawn out for decades.
Bitcoin was designed to allow individuals to opt-out of the political money. All the fiat money which is manipulated to increasingly inflate thereby secretly taxing savers into playing the game. A game presently rigged for the already entrenched and established. Stability of Value is not a concern of mine. 
A deflationary currency actually reduces this concern because the natural economics of the system and the math almost makes losing value impossible, regardless of the economic or political environment.
No Libertarian I know is dumb enough to think we'll be without ups and down, but those natural fluctuations are manageable by all but Governments because they rely on the power to print money. If a government were mostly restricted to funding all its activities with tax income, a natural fluctuation in that income could have drastic impacts on government services. What if we're at war at the time? We'd think twice before going to war wouldn't we? 
This may scare some people, understandably. Not me. I welcome a world of weak governments. I believe, perhaps foolishly, that humanity has gotten all it needs from nation states. A post-state revolution is coming. The world will be one and we will be free.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:38:27
The wisest man knows what he doesn't know. We don't know the future. 
Thanks for the response.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:26:18
All of the things you listed are possible because it is rebelling from the traditional ecosystem of regulation and government interference. 
We should all comply with the law and use democracy to win, but people getting upset about the so called 'culty circle-jerk' of libertarianism on a Bitcoin subreddit is completely illogical. Bitcoin is good because libertarianism is desirable. 
It's almost like people who don't believe in evolution but then get vaccinated. wat?
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:21:43
If bitcoin is to succeed as more than an experimental pseudo-currency used by internet criminals it will need to be recognized by all governments as legitimate and equivalent to any other sovereign currency.
Anything short of this is bitcoin's failure. It means bitcoin is nothing more than an interesting experiment that has ultimately failed to become anything real.
@_date: 2013-06-13 20:50:00
This is what they will say every day until Bitcoin fulfills its potential and begins to threaten the established financial environment.
@_date: 2013-05-30 13:23:32
This is an accurate assessment. Competing currencies are inherently anti-government. If you don't realize that Bitcoin will fight and kill the traditional state model, if it succeeds as a currency, then you don't understand the economics of the nation state or bitcoin.
This is the first time I've seen anyone in a government agency admit to this. Take note. We Bitcoiners are monetary "domestic terrorists" now. It was inevitable.
I just read an article on [CNBC]( where a guy named Dick Bove, vice president of equity research at Rafferty Capital Markets, said that "The No. 1 security issue we have as a nation is the preservation of the U.S. dollar as the world's reserve currency". It's a "thousand times more important than a nuclear bomb being tested by North Korea."
The US won't run its currency into the ground, as he suggests it may. It'll find some too little too late solution. It'll likely attempt a North American economic union like the Euro as a solution. It would likely succeed at keeping its economic hegemony due to dominating global consumption of goods. That is, if bitcoin didn't exist. 
Bitcoin will be the answer when this shit hits the fan. It will hit the fan.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:21:53
Booooo. You! Booooo!
@_date: 2013-06-07 03:34:39
Don't listen to these fools. They don't want you to add to their competition. 
There are two things you should really consider. First, your cost in terms of electricity. BFL miners are 'second' generation as they are the smaller and more power efficient chips. Difficulty is going to go up and you're not going to get rich, but with such a low power usage you can run the machine for much longer and into much higher difficulty levels, without losing money due to power costs. 
The other thing you should consider is what you are doing. You're investing in Bitcoin's. Your spending money on hardware rather than bitcoin's directly, but you are doing this because you want bitcoins.
If you'll be holding onto those coins until a later date because you believe they will be worth more than they are now, you'll likely wish you spent 1500 dollars on some unknown but continually growing number of bitcoins your machines have created in their lifetime.
@_date: 2013-06-08 19:28:21
Bitcoin isn't hard to obtain, its **harder** to obtain than using Paypal. 
People naturally compare things. If it was 1984, Bitcoin would be the best thing ever, no competition. However, now we have credit cards and Paypal, etc. It's hard to get and use for mom and pops, construction workers and most of the general public. It's only slightly harder to use than paypal for the technically literate among us, true.
As for the 2nd 'myth', hoarding being bad: You're right to a point. It depends why they believe hoarding is bad. Hoarding is bad from the perspective that Bitcoin is a technology that needs adoption by businesses for true success.
You're right that as a currency, as an economic experiment or as a storage of wealth, Bitcoin hoarding is not good or bad, it is natural and right. From a Bitcoin user's perspective, we need things to do with Bitcoin's and without adoption by a large variety of businesses Bitcoin will fail to be a useful thing.
It'll still be a currency as long as anyone demands and supplies it, but to be a useful global payment system it needs to be adopted. What many people are suggesting is to support adoption by spending.
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:20:05
Those are slightly different things than I was asking. They will never accept it, as in accept bitcoin for taxes. They will never support it, as in attempting to help it thrive.
The best they can do is enable its use by consumers, free of interference.
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:16:30
I agree with you. A world with no government would be worse. 
I'm obviously not talking to you as a fellow reasonable libertarian, but for people who are not in favor of these benefits of bitcoin, why do they like bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-06-06 01:23:05
Do you understand why the IMF was set up? The IMF was created because the governments COMPETED in the foreign exchange market. Countries would undermine each other in a FREE marketplace and this created uncertainty, tension and war. A major part of the two World Wars is economic nationalism. 
The IMF's job is to limit the volatility and limit the ability for a rogue currency issuing government or various wealthy individuals from undermining the global economic system for their own gains. If the individual countries did not work together in such a way then controlling the value of one's currency is a very difficult and intractable problem to solve.
Bitcoin is a currency that the IMF cannot account for. It cannot do its job at protecting stability for the national currencies who take part in its operation if Bitcoin is the rouge currency and the wealthy individuals use Bitcoin to such ends.
If the IMF can no longer function, it will die. Then we're right back to economic nationalism, volatility and most likely war. Don't be so confident that your way of life is permanent.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:43:36
@_date: 2013-04-17 23:14:37
I've been verified for over a week and emailed them. I still don't see the Capital One P2P option when I go to deposit.
@_date: 2013-07-11 02:02:22
You're still using a flawed 'lens' when considering the economics of Bitcoin. Money that is purely digital and can be divided up infinitely is as useful with .001% of it in circulation as it is when 100% of it is in circulation. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:25:44
While these are potential events that could significantly change the current state of bitcoin none of them are truly apocalyptic threats. 
As long as there exists a small critical mass of users to maintain the system, to mine, and to participate in the exchanges, bitcoin will not drop to zero.
If the first bubble taught us anything it's that this critical mass of users has already been reached and I consider myself among them. I wasn't around for the first bubble, but when the current one pops or when one of these potentials threatens bitcoin, I won't be going anywhere. 
Bitcoin is more than a commodity to speculate on. Bitcoin is a technology to adopt. There will be bumps in the road. **Do NOT buy bitcoins to get rich.** Buy bitcoins to liberate our money from the money masters.
@_date: 2013-09-24 19:46:22
I want a t-shirt that says "Bitcoin users unaffected."
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:32:09


I think you're right on the money. We have to try. There will be a few very important countries where this will happen, just as you say. It's important to try because bitcoin will need these places, desperately. 
You see, here in America there is nearly 0% chance we win that race. The banking lobby alone, much less the federal bureaucrats, will overwhelm, co-opt and corrupt any attempt to explicitly legalize the exchange of bitcoins for fiat.
Bitcoin's fate will be determined long before it will ever be remotely possible to pass good bitcoin legislation in America. Bitcoin's fate will be determined by the other governments of the world. It must happen like you say somewhere or bitcoin is already dead.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:01:02
Those notes you speak of will not trade on par with real bitcoins. Free market. No one said bitcoin would be the only currency. 
The true power of bitcoin is to take away the centralization and monopoly of Federal Reserve notes. No one should believe we'll be rid of fiat or fractional reserve money any time soon.
If the laws don't change, no banks will create such notes. They cannot compete with the dollar, even using a bitcoin backed certificate. Bitcoin is not legally in competition because it is a commodity, like gold, and it just so happens to be very easy to use like currency. Since it has no physical form and no backer, standing laws aren't applicable.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:58:43
I agree. I'd love to help, I'm a software dev but I have no experience with any of those things. I only looked up the FIX protocol to see about automating my campBX trading because they have a terrible UI.
@_date: 2013-04-15 05:55:19
What you are missing is faith in a free market. You are from a managed market world and that is all you know. You don't have to motivate spending. People spend because they are people who have needs and wants. 
Bitcoin is not trying to be a Dollar or a Euro. It is not a political device for promoting and manipulating the national economy. 
The idea that someone needs to manage or manipulate people's desires to spend or not is a tyrannical concept to me. It is almost as bad as the idea that without God and the bible to tell me not to, I'd be killing and raping as much as I want. No one needs to motivate economic activity. It happens even when we try to disallow it. Simply allowing economic activity is sufficient.
A deflationary, safe, ever more valuable currency solidifies its store of value. It is one of the essential properties of a currency. Motivating spending is not an essential property of money. Spending happens because people are people. 
Another big part of the inflationary myth has to do with debt. Debt is king around these parts. Hard money like Bitcoin and gold are deadly adversaries to debt. 
If you take out a loan in dollars, there's a good chance the dollars you're paying when you pay it off are worth significantly less than the ones you would of had to use to buy it up front. This hardly effects most people, since interest for them is really high. Interest for the government or other large banks, however, is really really low. Long term debt allows them to buy things now for pennies on the dollar later.
If you owe someone BTC, there's a strong motivation to pay this back quickly. This is a bad thing to promote when your business is debt. When money is debt. If the banks had people paying off their debts they'd make no money. Interest on the debts is their entire gig. Motivating the quick re-payment of debt is a bad bad thing to the bankers who designed and run this system. Thus inflation has been their song for going on 100 years now.
Hopefully my song can break you of their spell. 
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:04:38
I do think some of the regulation's make sense, but I don't think the vast majority of the regulations serve the citizens or the consumers. The vast majority of regulations serve the government itself or the banks.
When 60-75% of BitPay's operating expense is regulatory compliance, then much of that regulation should be scraped.
@_date: 2013-04-06 18:00:18
I would focus on cost saving potential. Paypal is something like 7%. Bitpay is 0.99%. If you set up the acceptance of bitcoins yourself the cost is nearly nothing to accept bitcoins. Mastercard, Visa, etc. charge like 2.5% or more, from my second hand knowledge. 
Retail margins are tight and adding the reduction of these fees to your profit is likely significant, or you could pass the savings on to your customers and drive the acceptance of bitcoin while also having a competitive advantage over other retailers.
@_date: 2013-06-05 20:55:02
What he's alluding to is that fiat money can be borrowed into existence and 'shorted' in traditional forex trading. If bitcoin proponent(s), with enough resources were to decide to throw these resources at shorting a currency, there is little they can do. I've thought this for months. Bitcoin really does undermine and attack these institutions in a fundamental way.
He's putting forth an imaginary situation where bitcoin is too expensive to buy it out completely and where do they get the money to buy them with anyway? They have no authority to spend funds this way. In this imaginary situation, should a run on one or all of their fiat currencies happen, they could not use their traditional powers to let out the pressure between Bitcoin and their currencies since they own no bitcoins to sell and unlike the other fiat currencies, they can't ask anyone to create new units of bitcoin by borrowing them into existence. 
He's right of course, that the IMF has no power to manipulate themselves out of this position as they are used to doing. That is the point of his unlikely hypothetical situation.
@_date: 2013-11-21 23:20:03
There is no built in incentive to make loans. I could go into how interest seeking loans is an evil enterprise or how fractional reserve banking is a type of fraud but I will just answer your question.
Obviously there will still be loans in a Bitcoin economy just as there were loans in a gold economy for the thousands of years before fractional reserve banking. Gold, however, had a much more volatile and unknown production rate. Gold production could literally surge upon finding a new mine. Bitcoin seems to have guaranteed price deflation but this is not the case. Demand for Bitcoin could saturate and decline. What is a wealthy person to do, let his savings dwindle due to decreased demand for Bitcoin? He will make loans to potentially profitable individuals and companies.
I think your hang up is in accepting that the current system is so bad. You discuss the supreme benefits of an inflationary monetary system and give it the credit for all of the great things civilization has given us. It's true, we've developed much thanks to the availability of money. This is true across history. Those surges of gold production were great boom times. When there is more money available there will be an increase in economic activity. However, for every boom there is a bust. Currently the availability of money and the inevitable bust is controlled and engineered. The government bureaucrats believe they can avoid the bust with proper maintenance. This is pure hubris. We attempt maintain a persistent boom time by incentivizing loan making but eventually there will always be a bust. Perpetual growth is not achievable in a fiat monetary systems and perpetual price deflation relative to the Bitcoin is also not a realistic forecast. 
You're correct, Bitcoin does not incentivize loan making. This is ok. The system does not need to be rigged for the wealthy in order for human progress to continue. Also, Bitcoin is not guaranteed to perpetually become more valuable. Nothing is guaranteed in life. That uncertainty, especially once price discovery has finished and volatility is lessened, will motivate wealthy Bitcoin holders to find ways to increase their wealth. The only way to do that is to invest that Bitcoin wealth back into the world. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 15:25:00
I agree that there are alot more forces at work that effect a currency's stability, however, I do think his hypothetical has merit.
In his hypothetical future, where Bitcoin is suitably large and popular with forex traders and all other forces being equivalent to today, it could happen. If the market shifts away from a currency a speculative attack will be just as profitable and therefore likely as today. 
Unlike today, however, Bitcoin exists as the target currency and in this case the IMF and the target issuing government is powerless being that they hold no Bitcoins. Realistically, before this future could happen, Bitcoin would have to continue to grow and grow and the IMF or other world governments would likely see this coming and fight back in a number of ways.
There will be massive regulation on the exchange of Bitcoin to fiat as an attempt to ensure there never is so much volume into and out of bitcoin to enable a run of enough size to threaten anything, which would need volume in fiat to be 1000's of times what it is today. 
Central banks would instruct its members (every bank in the country) to refuse to service exchanges that allow trades into Bitcoin. Private banks can choose to refuse customers without a legal precedence. This won't just accidentally sneak up on these organizations. They will fight tooth and nail to resist this, but the hypothetical in this journal is legitimate.
This is why we should fight the government on regulation, not play ball. It is not about fraud, it is about their control and security.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:09:38
This is probably the most fair and balanced account of bitcoin I've yet read. The risks are plainly acknowledged in very understandable terms as well as the reasons why some believe they are things bitcoin can overcome. 
It also does a good job of not alienating his readers, forbes.com, big money, traditional financial professionals, etc. He doesn't try to tell them what to believe, Austrian or Keynesian, Libertarian or Liberal, it doesn't matter for understanding the economics of the value of a new type of financial instrument that is different from anything that's come before. It's not gold, its not paper while it seems act like both. 
This should be sent to every one, IMO.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:48:41
Just that it should be as legal and reasonable for anyone who desires to convert to and from bitcoin as it is legal and reasonable for anyone who desires to convert to and from any sovereign currency.
It could be very successful as an underground currency for internet criminals without this recognition, but it will be a failure as a currency, in competing with other currencies.
@_date: 2013-05-31 20:09:06
I've used bitspend.net twice. 
The first time it seemed like they had an Amazon prime account and shipping was fast and free (aside from their small fee). I thought, WOW, why would I use amazon directly ever again!
Well, I used bitspend.net again this past week and it seems like Amazon caught on and I was charged for shipping and it is the slow cheap option. 
They do work as advertised and i recommend the service. It's too bad Amazon won't let them use a single Amazon prime subscription to essentially drop ship thousands of purchases without paying shipping, but I can understand why Amazon wouldn't like them to do that.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:58:05
Great response!
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:34:50
This is precisely the answer. We're so used to an inflationary economy because that is what has been forced on us in order to satisfy the monopoly capitalists of the early 20th century and their desires for a marketplace that rewarded centralization.
OP, you would still produce cars. However, you would only produce just enough to fulfill demand and no more. Economies of scale would still allow you to create a fairly large amount of cars but you would have a slimmer margin of error and an uncertainty in your planning since you know that your loans don't only accrue interest but they also become more expensive in real terms due to real deflation.
In a deflationary system you would never want to produce that many cars. You really want to build only enough to fulfill demand because each car you don't sell is going to cut into profits and the loans you owe will be more expensive to pay back the longer it takes to recoup those costs.
This is a GOOD THING! This is why we have ridiculous over-consumption. Not because we want this much stuff, but because our financial system supports over-consumption and over-production. 
Also, OP, don't confuse debt deflation and real deflation. 
As you can see in the link, the Deflation you are familiar with is actually not real deflation. It is scarcity of debt, not actual price deflation. Price deflation, which would be what Bitcoin does, is natural and good. Prices should go down as we develop automation and increase demand (economies of scale) and for a lot of other reasons. Of course our monopoly capitalists overlords have long since brainwashed everyone that these two things are the same. They are not.
@_date: 2013-06-05 05:22:10
I suppose you're right. 
However, I think my question is still valid. How could someone favor bitcoin and continue to hold Keynesian and Statist views. Why would they even like bitcoin?
A few of the answers were on topic and enlightening. It didn't go as poorly as I feared it might.
@_date: 2013-04-06 16:32:44
While the miners cannot be used for things that you've mentioned there is the potential to use the blockchain, and thus the security of the proof of work the miners do for it, to secure things other than coin uniqueness and transferability. Things such as [virtual goods]( [loans and smart property titleing]( [DNS registration]( and maybe even [voting!](
@_date: 2013-07-11 01:54:59
To the top! This is the answer. Bitcoin should track gold and silver very closely once it matures and its usage plateaus.
@_date: 2013-11-01 19:59:11
You're not far off, but you've got some facts mixed up. The United States does not consider Bitcoin a threat and would not take down SilkRoad just for its Bitcoins. SilkRoad was about law and order.
If the US saw Bitcoin as such a threat as you make it out to be, and I agree with you there, but if the US economic powers agreed with us, they would spend the money to 51% attack it now, while they still can. They would make it seem like a rouge hacker or something, but that's the only way to really harm Bitcoin and they know it.
China's surge in Bitcoin exchange is due to Baidu, the google of China, who has more eyeballs per second on their home page than google could ever hope for in our merely 300 million citizen country. A viral video in China hits more eyeballs than any Superbowl commercial ever has. The surge is not a conspiracy, it makes sense. Baudi started accepting Bitcoins for certain services.
I for one welcome true economic liberty. I think your fear of an uncertain future is normal but unwarranted. Humanity has never seen individual economic liberty such as this. Our history is full of chiefs and kings and shamans or religious leaders who manipulate and control every item of value and every supply chain. There have been benevolent dictators and visionaries, such as some of our founding fathers, but most of them have been complete tyrants and that is still true today. 
A new era of liberty in human expression and interaction is upon us. As you said, the cat is out of the bag now. We must make the best of it. I welcomed the music industry chaos following the invention of Napster which has resulted in Apple, a hardware company, dominating the industry in sales and profit. Chaos is not Anarchy. Chaos is good. It is creative. It is temporary. Order emerges instead of being manufactured. Balance and Order will still be found. Evolution is an example of this. We are the result of millions of years of Chaos and upheavals. 
It is normal to be afraid but I can't help but be excited. The greatest power the world has ever known; the control and manipulation of the value of one-half of every economic transaction in their sovereign territory and sometimes beyond, now has a legitimate threat on the horizon. I wish with all my heart that governments of the world would be forced to focus on local issues and spend only the money they legitimately raise from voluntary taxation. I say it's voluntary because, as you said, if you don't want to pay taxes use bitcoin.
Voluntary taxation will end the State as we know it. It will dwindle with its ability to raise funds. It's ability to raise armies and war as well as its ability to create the social programs that end up fostering dependance. With a philosophy of self-reliance comes the responsibility of the individual for his own self. If you're on welfare or a bureaucrat who depends on government grants and budgets, you should be afraid. If you're an independent self-reliant and technology literate global citizen, you should be excited.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:36:23
No, not at all, but I think all of its benefits come from it being free of government interference. To like bitcoin for things that are the result of its freedom from government and then to continue to believe in government seems an intractable position. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 06:14:52
Have you ever asked yourself why is hoarding bad? The money masters have you under their spell.
The only reason hoarding is bad is because of the cost involved with minting and circulating currency. If too much of the money is not in play eventually a cent would buy a whole loaf of bread. To get back to a time where the currency even manages to allow for basic commercial activity you'd need to make sub-cent coins or notes. This is costly. The other option, when you have control of the currency, is to simply inflate it to let the pressure out. Those poor saps who just wanted to hold onto money are forced into the market.
Since bitcoin is infinitely divisible hoarding is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 01:12:14
Yes, the journal mentions this. The only realistic solution is to accept bitcoin and buy it to hold and trade in large quantities. Sitting on it would not be effective as it would actually expedite the rise in its value and speed up the flow of value into it.
Doing so would validate bitcoin thereby ensuring its survival and that truly means their eventual downfall. The longer they wait the richer we early adopters will be. Hold on for the ride, boys.
@_date: 2013-05-06 15:36:10
They are shipping the 5GH/s miners because the hardware they have on hand can be used to fulfill these devices. 
Once that hardware runs out the only boards being manufactured and shipped to KC for assembly will be version 2.0 boards which, hopefully, will have specs suitable for assembling 25 and up GH/s miners, as well as more 5GH/s miners. 
If they have more version 1.0 hardware than orders for 5GH/s miners at some point new orders for 5GH/s miners will ship before fulfilling much older orders for higher powered devices. 
This may already be happening to early adopters where 5GH/s orders from weeks or months after the very first orders will soon be getting their hardware while day 1 60GH/s orders are still waiting.
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:39:34
I read your reply again and I like the analogy to Indians. This issue is very much a culture clash and it is playing out in this subreddit.
@_date: 2013-06-08 19:40:09
You should note and consider that in traditional currencies people can borrow the units into existence and enter into the speculative game. This is why volatility and wild speculation is especially dangerous to traditional currencies since, if the price starts going down, the losses are more than everyone had to begin with.
The speculative game involving Bitcoin does not have to worry about this. Even if you borrow bitcoin's from someone else to participate those bitcoin's existed before you borrowed them and so the total system is safe. 
Someone loses, someone wins, life goes on. 
In the fiat world, when this type of thing happens on a big enough scale (see the 2008 Mortgage collapse) **EVERYONE** loses because the losses are greater than the total amount of deposits and value held by all people.
In Bitcoin this is impossible. If Bitcon's are lost by some they will be gained by others.
@_date: 2013-06-07 03:15:58
Peter Thiel: Seasteading Libertarian co-founder of Paypal wouldn't work?
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:19:40
For-profit production can go on during a deflationary period.
"[w]hile asset values may drop, the assets don't go away. The real wealth of the nation  assets used for production  are still available to produce. However, it may be that because the debt is liquidated on those assets as prices fall, new owners will own and operate the assets, but commerce and production will certainly carry on."
This is the key part. Inflation only interests those who are massively indebted and/or inefficient. Deflation doubly poses a significant risk to CONTROL. Losing CONTROL of assets &amp; industry is worse than losing money. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:27:58
The price of bitcoin is going to rice according to the difficulty.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:19:22
Yes, fast and easy.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:00:47
lol, love the edit. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:18:34
I think your reasoning is valid, however I disagree. Have an upvote.
Have you considered that fiat may destroy itself?
@_date: 2013-09-24 19:21:05
I'll give it a shot. ELI5... This is not specific to any proposed implementation, just the general idea.
'Colored Coins' typically refers to a theoretical ability to use cryptography and the bitcoin blockchain (or a SHA 256 compatible merge mined blockchain) to process and track the transfer of digital goods, stocks, licenses, etc. between people without relying on a central authorized server to do so.
Just like how bitcoins are secured, transferred and processed by a blockchain, we can theoretically use a blockchain type system to do the same thing for other digital assets. A bitcoin is simply a digital asset. It is equivalent to the credits you have in your traditional bank account. The blockchain removes this bank account computer system as the central authority regarding how much money you have. 
Other digital or potentially digital assets such as music, DLC content, books, and even stocks and bonds could benefit from a similar system. Depending on the implementation the content itself may or may not be encrypted and hashed into the blockchain. There is no working implementation of Colored Coins, that I know of but BitMessage leverages the blockchain in a roughly similar way to create a decentralized and trustless messaging protocol.
We'd preferably use the bitcoin blockchain because otherwise how do we pay the miners? We can't give them a cut of that sword I bought for that game.