@_author: adam42002
@_date: 2014-11-08 15:08:32
Did anybody else watch the rest of the talk? He has some interesting opinions, but I dont think that he gives universities enough credit. Uni, if nothing else, allows incredible people to connect and gain skills and insight into industry, allowing new innovative businesses. His atoms vs bits argument holds some water. However, it seems immature in some senses. Advancements in hard science require much more resources and funding for deeper questions such as 'String Theory'. In many cases, the stagnation can be the result of government funding gaps, such as the shut down of particle accelerator construction in texas. Many core science is limited by the lack of funding.
His argument regarding medical advancement is very accurate. The amount of red tape that covers medical companies is atrocious. The aerospace industry is also undergoing a massive amount of change right now.  (for the better)
I understand his critique of the system, however, I think he is out of touch with the general population. He is not used to dealing with regular people. Homogeneous thinking is very stifling in higher thinking institutions. However, I think that one thing that political correctness does well is removing local bias in exchange for global bias. I deal with lots of people who are very ignorant and hateful over social issues. (Lots of racist, homophobic, religiously intense people) While political correctness does limit thinking and create its own implicit bias, it also removes a LOT of shit from American culture. Comparing the catholic church to uni is a horrible comparison. (I will leave my blistering review of the catholic church out) I'm not sure that Thiel, who doesn't have to deal with these common people, understands this. If he thinks that politicians are bad, try meeting some of the population here in the south. 
TLDR: While the system does have problems, it does a reasonable job at bringing people into the 21st century. Then again, he was VERY vague during some portions of his talk, so my critique may not have been on point to what he was trying to communicate. 