@_author: adamsmithgoestodc
@_date: 2014-01-01 14:53:40
Except that the bubble/crash cycle has gotten better since we went off gold (seriously, look at US GDP trends in the 1800's, and then of course there's the Great Depression). Then there's the Tulip bubble of the 16th century, not on fiat money either. You have a lot of economic facts, but you're analyzing them in a way that makes no sense.
Do banks hold gold? Yes, as a hedge against inflation though, not as a conspiracy against fiat money.
Bubbles and crashes are a natural result of investment and overoptimism. If you want to end crashes, you'll have to stop investing, which would hurt long-run growth far more.
@_date: 2013-12-31 01:54:23
Ha! Total facepalm on the Special Drawing Right. I always just think of it as SDR, but didn't want to go acronym heavy (in the worst tradition of academics everywhere). On whether the SDR is a currency: I think of it as such. Its like the ultimate hedge currency against changes in the major currencies in the economy. In that, its a very stable unit of account and store of value. Of course, its barely used as a medium of exchange (really just gov to gov loans) so I grant my take (thay it's a currency) is open to disagreement. 
I also didn't mean to understate the potential impact of bitcoin as a decentralized currency. It could throw taxes, money laundering, etc off. Of course, there have been currencies without central backing, think gold-based trade  of the classical/medieval period. It will be interesting to see decentralized currency try to make a comeback.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:39:31
Okay, so there is a lot of things wrong with this logic:
1) Your causal chain makes no sense. There are plenty of "stores of value" that do not become prices. Nobody calculates prices based on multiples of the value of gold ounces. That's absurd.


That's just absolutely wrong. It's not even a 'necessary but insufficient' requirement. Plenty of inflationary currencies are used as stores of value: dollars for example. Or the Turkish Lira. Or any currency people use daily. I don't understand where you're coming from.
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:55:47
Maybe you are coming at this from r/bitcoin instead of r/economics, but for an r/econ comment you are just all sorts of wrong.


The "common answer" is the right answer, and there's "not a lot of literature on the subject" because there's no need for it. The problem with deflation is really, really simple: borrowers need to pay interest on their loan (to compensate the lender for time/risk) AND the increased value of money in the future. So there is less borrowing. That's bad, because that means there's less investment and therefore less growth.
I don't even understand the whole 'deflation is bad because of our economic infrastructure comment'. What does the even mean? Deflation is bad in any forward-time-component market. There's no magical "correction" to make it better: deflation ALWAYS reduces investment and future growth.
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:15:20
Wait, you want Bitcoin to be a currency but you don't want it to be used for "debt, wages, or prices"? If so, you are not asking for a currency: you are asking for a payment processing system. I don't think any economists would have a problem with that: it's a secure network with no macroeconomic impact.
A helpful definition may be in order. a real currency is:
A store of value. Will Bitcoin be used to store wealth or negative wealth (borrowing)? Not in your idea of Bitcoin: borrowing is inappropriate.
A unit of account (wages/prices). Again, you say this won't be a role for Bitcoin.
A medium of exchange. This is what you want Bitcoin to be: a PayPal account you can add money to by building a supercomputer? Yes, Bitcoin is great at secure transactions; no argument from the econ tribe there.
It's not a currency though (in the econ sense). Nobody uses it to set prices or make contracts, and nobody uses it to borrow against (so its not a real store of value). Some people will use it as a store of value to save, but in that regard it is the same as a commodity (gold) or property. It's not a 'productive' resource when it isn't being spent.
So what you want out of Bitcoin is a transaction system, but you keep using the word "currency". Economists aren't trying to 'troll' you, we're just trying to point out that a currency is a different thing. In the paraphrased wisdom of the Dread Pirate Roberts:
"Currency. You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:23:38
But that's the whole point: bitcoin is ill-suited for these three (important) things because of the deflationary pressure. OP said other currencies will fill that role. Fine: bitcoin is now a transactional medium (perfectly fine) but NOT a currency.
Talking deflation isn't "handwaving". Economists are concerned about the future of bitcoin as a currency because it can't do a lot of things well that currencies have to.
@_date: 2013-12-31 01:54:22
Ha! Total facepalm on the Special Drawing Right. I always just think of it as SDR, but didn't want to go acronym heavy (in the worst tradition of academics everywhere). On whether the SDR is a currency: I think of it as such. Its like the ultimate hedge currency against changes in the major currencies in the economy. In that, its a very stable unit of account and store of value. Of course, its barely used as a medium of exchange (really just gov to gov loans) so I grant my take (thay it's a currency) is open to disagreement. 
I also didn't mean to understate the potential impact of bitcoin as a decentralized currency. It could throw taxes, money laundering, etc off. Of course, there have been currencies without central backing, think gold-based trade  of the classical/medieval period. It will be interesting to see decentralized currency try to make a comeback.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:17:14
You're using the wrong definition of currency. To an economist, money is not defined by "being in general use in a country". That may be a political definition, but economists do not require that "in a country part". The Standard Drawing Right of the IMF (basically a weighted basket of global currencies) is not a 'national' currency, but still very much extant economically.
As for the transformative/new nature of Bitcoins as digital algorithms rather than physical script/coinage/etc: that's nothing new. People freaked out about paper dollars when they were first issued (even though they were backed by gold) and then freaked out when dollars stopped being backed by gold. There's nothing inherently more valuable about a little piece of paper than a hash. The value for a dollar comes from being backed by the USG, the value for the hash comes from popularity in the user base. Economists are worried about things that want to be labelled currencies which could easily end up being fads.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:27:48
No no. That author is an idiot now. Unfortunately, the economics fields has plenty of cranks.
The author apparently feels that gold and silver are better currencies than the dollar or euro. In the real word (and I say that with all the derision I can muster) evidence shows that to be untrue.
Oh well, Austrian school. Some are worse than others.
@_date: 2013-12-31 06:37:10
Right, people used to think of value in gold, but that is no longer true. According to your causal chain, it should never have gone out of style.
On the second point: yes, dollars as a store of value encourage investment by punishing saving. That mechanism (encourage investment) is the major argument against bitcoin (which encourages saving because of deflation or, at best, non-inflation). So... yeah, that's the point.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:23:09
But that's the whole point: bitcoin is ill-suited for these three (important) things because of the deflationary pressure. OP said other currencies will fill that role. Fine: bitcoin is now a transactional medium (perfectly fine) but NOT a currency.
Talking deflation isn't "handwaving". Economists are concerned about the future of bitcoin as a currency because it can't do a lot of things well that currencies have to.