@_author: adaminmo
@_date: 2015-12-02 23:26:20
This is a late reply, but no, your hardware choice is a good one, and shows the ample ignorance I still have about non-Antminer hardware. Have you purchased this unit yet? I'm curious to know how it is doing for you, and also to admit I was wrong about something. (One of many things.)
@_date: 2015-11-02 20:24:30
guitarxx is correct. If this is an endeavor to earn money, your ship has sailed. It's possible, MAYBE, but it would require enough capital and planning and discounted energy and and AND.
I got into mining incredibly late, and am expanding my mining operation actually, even knowing that I missed the boat on real ROI. The knowledge I've gained about blockchain (Which has become a real media darling lately.) is interesting and worth the financial expense to me. I was also fortunate to enter mining with most of the costs offset by educational grants for hardware, and the electricity and industrial cooling essentially "free" from my current employer. (I use a 'Kill-o-Watt' to measure my individual usage, and reimburse my employer at the EXTREMELY discounted rate that they pay for electricity, AND I get to store it in an industrial cooler that is around 40 degrees Fahrenheit with humidity control.)
All of this goes above and beyond the scope of your question, which was better suited for [Bitcoin Beginners]( but I'll expand anyways.
If you have the capital and the knowledge AND the access to reduced energy costs, I recommend a strategy similar to mine, which is that anytime I hit my payout threshold on my mining pool, I purchase the same amount I mined using Coinbase. This isn't a great strategy for ROI persay, but it gives me a blend of acquiring BTC knowledge, geeking out over my pool stats, being involved in what is probably the future of economics, playing with neat hardware, becoming more active in a community I know little about, and slowly acquiring BTC which will probably gain in value. (Just probably not enough to offset my costs and time.)
One last thing. Why are you set on that hardware choice? 
For less cost, you could get an Antminer S3+ that overclocks to ~490GH. (I've never busted the 500GH threshold, even in a cooled environment with fantastic PSUs.) For the same cost, you could get a used S2 which does 1TH. 
@_date: 2015-11-05 03:15:45
What? What is a mining hard drive? Do you mean the hard drive that your wallet is stored on? I doubt you mean that.
Your miner (I'm not sure why you call it a hard drive.) connects to your router. You can probably configure your miner via a web console using your computer which is also connected to the same router, but, no, your miner does not need to connect to your PC.
@_date: 2015-11-02 02:23:37
You would connect the ethernet port on your miner to a switch or router which is then connected to your ISP.
Also, obligatory "you don't know enough" post. Read more about mining and hardware; that you're asking this question suggests you don't know enough.
@_date: 2015-11-02 02:03:31
I suspect the opposite might be true, though haven't verified. Perhaps those search results are higher because people are trying to find ways besides the obvious BTC.
There is an anecdote about General Patton; airplanes were coming back from battle with damage. Engineers suggested to Patton that he add reinforcement to the damaged areas before planes went out. He told them, "No, reinforce all the areas EXCEPT those damaged on the planes that returned". His point being that the planes that did not return were obviously damaged in areas besides those of the planes that did return. Such are the search results with a higher number of non-BTC queries.