@_author: adaptivequant
@_date: 2019-07-12 18:22:07
I agree yes, any given person's active noob potential is dynamic and no one is immune lol, some people just are far less prone to being nooby based on their circumstances.  I'm just saying that fresh people are born everyday who will add to the collective stack of noob potential, so the probability of there ever being no noobs left is extremely close to 0 :(.
I've always thought it would be interesting to try to quantify the concept of being a noob somehow, but it leans toward soft science at this time, so it would be hard to set up a model with meaningful metrics, let alone record such data.  Things like liquidation rate, panic sell/buy rate (things to measure impulsiveness / lack of patience), bullshitting tendency, blind hopium tendency, etc.
@_date: 2019-07-12 04:50:57
Trouble is future noobs are born every damn day to take the place of priorly killed noobs.  Many noobs don't think about risk management and get rekt.
@_date: 2018-09-03 22:06:07
There's really no way to know who the big players are without cheating somehow to get info no one else has.  Unless they willingly disclose what they're doing, which doesn't happen much (at least until way later).  I can tell you I have no idea as I'm solo and definitely not a whale, but think of it this way---if any one big player is trying to accumulate, they have a strong interest in not showing their hand, and possibly even openly dissing the asset they're accumulating to get their overall position cheaper.  Imagine if Jamie Dimon is accumulating BTC quietly lol...BTC goes to 50k and he suddenly says..."I changed my mind, I saw the light with Bitcoin" with a cost basis of like 9k-10k.  If he could care less about his reputation and cares about money most of all, there's no reason not to put up a fake BS facade dissing BTC to help suppress old world people's interest in it.
@_date: 2018-09-02 22:12:07
Just another concept to point out.  If there are "secretly" some big, big, long-term investment whales quietly and slowly trying to accumulate as much as possible under say 10k before the next bull run, these type of people will have algos that sniff for abnormal liquidity spikes in their favor and pounce on them within seconds or less.  The meaning of abnormal liquidity spike here is an atypically large limit order or set of orders being placed in a short period not very far from the innermost price spread (top of the book).​
Big players with a large long-term entry goal try to balance the information available (risk of price increasing before they accumulate what they want) and optimize their cost basis.  On the flipside, long-term holders wishing to sell will do the same thing in reverse, optimize their proceeds.  So for instance, in this case if this address put up an order or set of limit orders for a few thousand of the BTC for only a few percent above the current highest bid price to test the "whale accumulation demand", quiet large accumulators might calculate that as a rare statistical gift and gobble up the orders immediately.  See the large volume spikes at the one hours bars opening at 2018-09-02 08:00 and 2018-09-02 09:00 UTC on Bitfinex BTCUSD; notice how the price didn't rise much.​
It is interesting that the shorts spiked in correlation with those volume spikes.  Unfortunately, manipulation is possible to some degree when you're a big player.  If there are "somewhat stupid" short algos running that just follow spikes in short interest and take short positions in such cases, the short interest spike may correspond with a big player trying to trick the stupider players (who think they're smart) into taking short positions and then squeezing them out later.
@_date: 2018-09-03 22:04:35
Yeah definitely true, but sometimes it may be useful to measure the mood of the public order book markets.  As in how quickly moderately sized orders get sniped for instance.  For example if the Bitfinex trade feed is legit, within that first 08:00 bar at 08:07:55 UTC, 266.65 BTC was bought and that was the largest single trade on Bitfinex that day.  It wouldn't be surprising if that was triggered within a few seconds of when it was placed (sniped) given the volume spike over the next couple hours.  If this just so happened to be this big whale, he/she might use this as leverage in an OTC transaction..."I just manually put the sell limit order for 266.65 BTC that you can see on the trade feed that was sniped immediately and followed by a volume spike over next couple hours and a mild rally, if you want my X-thousand BTC, you have to give me a 10% premium over current price".  Just random ideas, no basis in reality other than possible iterations of game theory ;).
@_date: 2018-09-03 22:05:17
Yeah definitely.
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:46:41
Conservative, slow, steady rationality wins in the long run.  It's also a mistake to think that only Bitcoin and Ethereum will produce value in the long run.  There will be other long term winners, but yes, many, many will fail.
Smart alt coin communities with real use case potential will adapt so they survive and thrive in the long run.  There are profound buying opportunities in the pits of alt crashes, just as there are profound selling opportunities in the irrational spikes.
Massive drawdowns, especially prolonged ones, are brilliant to help keep alt communities in check by forcing them to design alts with real unique value. Those who don't will be in the "99% of alts that fail" group as their token price approaches $0.00 and 0.00000001 BTC in the long run.
@_date: 2018-06-16 23:10:01
If we analyze the question of how much power does Coinbase wield...one snapshot atm:
24H GDAX volume 85M USD.  24H non-dark/non-OTC crypto volume minimum 10678M USD.
The world is much bigger than Coinbase and even the whole USA.
Though volume isn't a direct indicator of who has sway, it is a starting point.  Better to think of it like this: it's unlikely Coinbase wields much sway if so few people choose to trade their BTC on the platform right now.
@_date: 2018-06-12 05:30:23
With proper data, time and time again it can be statistically shown that if you can reasonably assume that an asset will "rise" in the long run (years later), trading short term is less efficient than hodling most of the time (this isn't just a BTC thing).
Why is this?  Multiple factors: more paid in trading fees, much higher risk of psychological-driven mistakes, harder to find real edge that beats the hodl returns in the long run (this is the biggest fundamental reason), invested capital growing too large compared to the market's size, etc., etc.  This is why there is wisdom in just dollar cost averaging your excess income and letting it sit for decades (hodling) in a "relatively" sound investment (whether it's BTC, S&amp;P500, etc.) like you say.
It is hard to beat the market average return in the long run.  It's not impossible if you are a true ace (not by subjective self measure, but by your objectively measured increasing capital stack year after year, decade after decade, tail event after tail event), but not trivial.  Most people who try have failed and will continue to fail.  Fresh morons are born and raised everyday who will continue the trend because of many detrimental factors dragging down each person's potential capability to succeed at beating the market sustainably.
Hence hodling is generally wise as a baseline.  It's a nearly guranteed safety; an interesting case of do almost no work and get rewarded decently with reasonably high probability.
Overall it's all just a game of who's the best at calling informational BS with a sufficiently successful approach, tools, luck, etc.  At least for those in it for the long haul who play the game by the rules (don't do anything illegal, pay taxes fully, etc.).
For instance, it's unreasonable that the "true prices" of BTC were 1k at the beginning of 2017 AND near 20k at the end of 2017.  With that short of a timeframe, either one was wrong and one was right, or both were wrong.  The market has literally told us that 1k was too low and 20k was too high, and here we are now.  But everything is dynamic...those prices were the result of optimal allocation of active supply and demand at each point in time.  True price is never known for certain!  It's just reasonable to figure if it's volatile as hell, then the highs and lows probably are NOT the "true price" within a given timeframe, and the more volatility, the less sensible it is to think about true price anyway.
@_date: 2018-06-12 04:43:47
That is an interesting point indeed.  Most crypto projects are coded on GitHub.  Microsoft just bought GitHub strategically.  Microsoft is coming around to robustness of open source even though many don't trust the company still.  Microsoft has over 100B in cash and short term investments (  Microsoft is a software company --- "Developers, Developers, Developers."
@_date: 2018-06-12 04:38:26
Agree.  With the "will increase in value in the long run" assumption, the short run (1-3 years or less) is typically a game of chicken if nothing else triggers a surge and it floats or sinks for a while..."how low can it go before I enter".  Those who plan to buy and hold out too long will lose out unless there is something truly catastrophic to bring down the price.
Just an example, $1000 free market price bitcoin at some point in the future is extremely low probability now unless a significant flaw or some other lastingly negative occurrence happens.  So before 2017 anyone waiting to get in at some price far below $1000 who ended up buying above $1000 lost the game of chicken relative to the $1000 level.  Just to extend the example to a higher arbitary number, the same applies for $10,000.  This doesn't go on infinitely, but sustained upside significantly beyond $10,000 is a possibility with the right set of demand factors.
But you can still get paper burned in the short run, quite badly if you are a true hodler and have a hard time psychologically with the large paper drawdowns.
@_date: 2019-02-22 05:59:29
Good set of rational, forward thinking responses he makes overall.
@_date: 2018-11-21 04:56:50
After 3.5k, 2.112420k for my ballsy half blunt homies to step in and pay that price so they can sell for 21.12420k on December 31, 2020 watching McAfee eat his dick.  Meanwhile Jamie will be blowing weed smoke like a baller at both those levels after that asshole Trump  does a good deed and unfucks U.S. cannabis laws in 2019.
@_date: 2018-11-21 03:44:46
You know you want to hodl Jamie...the gateway is always here, dirt cheap for a limited time.
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:44:49
This is why adaptive approaches are needed because indeed shit changes, change is constant!  The data is nastily stochastic, non-stationary.
With enough data though, statistical tendency changes become slower, and you're just always subjected to tail event risk like you mentioned with the regulator example or USDT going to 0.  The way I approach it is to just expect tail event risk.  If you get wrecked oh well, had a great ride with the smooth stuff until getting rekt with a bunch of other people because of tail events.  You can't know when tail events will happen by definition, and the best you can do is get on the winning side of it by luck or hedging.  I always feel bad for order book market makers because they basically make little bits slowly over time and then get wrecked when a tail event that their systems cannot possibly adapt to fast enough takes it all away.
On the other hand, one form of edge is to wait for tail events to happen and then try to find ways to manage the risk of timing a reversal.  Quantifying liquidity dynamics is helpful there.  One of the best examples of this is cascades of BitMEX liquidations in either direction causing price to irrationally dislocate rapidly too far.
Technical analysis in the traditional sense is a mixed bag and they're just tools.   Some people can make it work mostly subjectively.  If any of the tools fit an edge source theme I'm trying to capture objectively, I'll use them.  I would describe my approach as finding  "as simple as possible" tendencies that are worth bothering with that I can program a computer to watch for without too much ass pain (some people would look at what I do and consider it way too much ass pain).  If you doubt this is possible, the best public example I point people to is: [  Unicorns do exist.
This is only the ideal I try to constrain myself too, but like traders who aren't programmers and try to just manually trade a mix of subjective and rule-based systems, pragmatism is king.  By that I mean that sometimes an edge theme can be so powerful during a period of time or under certain conditions that there are a million ways to capture some of the edge successfully, even purely subjectively.  So sometimes I do actually make subjective decisions based partially or even completely on "instinct".
Traders call it edge for a reason --- the best edge sources usually won't scale to billions and they're not something an average Joe or even a big institution can capture --- it's too much work for the typical entity to do properly.  Buy and hodl BTC is the greatest long-term holy grail in terms of simplicity as a baseline.
My approach is very general in "edge seeking" across all assets, but if I can't beat hodl BTC, then I just hodl BTC (in the old world, it's beat hodl S&amp;P 500).
@_date: 2019-05-20 18:07:56
Overtime the coverage will become deeper and more wide-ranging topic-wise and guest-wise.  We'll see 60 Minutes do additional episodes in the future with different nuggets of information for its audience, especially once we go past 20k again.  They'll ideally get at least one reporter who understands modern tech trends like crypto better to help convey what matters to general audiences, and yes as others have mentioned, hopefully we'll see Andreas work his magic eventually.  A lot of people will shift to thinking "Wait, Bitcoin is more than a decade old and isn't dead yet and all these smart-sounding younger people with real jobs are spending their time researching and using it?"
In 5 years or less grandmas and grandpas everywhere will be talking to their financial advisors about investing 5% of their retirement funds into BTC for diversification.  Unfortunately for them, BTC will be quite higher by then, but it will still be a good investment with a 5+ year hold time.
@_date: 2019-05-20 18:35:00
This is the average case that will be a net win in the long run because it will get people who wouldn't otherwise talk about Bitcoin or dismiss Bitcoin to talk about Bitcoin or stop dismissing Bitcoin.  My mom is not tech savvy and just last week was calling Bitcoin a scam talking to me.  People like our moms are extremely out of the loop, but this is natural.
I just went over with her googling a couple of the simple questions she had to indicate it's easy to tell it's not a scam.  At some point I told her about the Bitcoin pizza guy and then I saw the threads about 60 minutes the past couple days.  I texted her about when it aired and she "wanted to watch it" and now she doesn't think Bitcoin is a scam.  She's not the kind of person that will be using or buying BTC until it's truly mainstream, but now it's not likely she'll talk about it in a negative light if she ever talks to someone randomly about it.
@_date: 2019-05-11 18:40:50
It is especially crazy to short BTC  for a long period most of the time.   The key is to only short based on a repeatable pattern that is robust (characterized by a quantifiable form of edge with sufficiently high sample size) and to position size properly (don't risk too much per trade, or more generally, don't risk too much of your whole capital stack at any given hard right edge informational circumstance).  Usually this will be some kind of short term flipping or when an asset is in a powerful downtrend, shorting with strategic entries and exits to capture some of the downtrend.
Difficulty in solving these things properly is why so many get rekt.  Most baffling maybe is that many people who take leveraged positions have no quantitative system to back up their trades, pure hopium.
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:44:58
Yes exactly this.
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:47:06
Edge is always very subtle and dynamic.  That's what makes it hard to capture and keep up with.  And yes, if buy and hodl BTC can't be beaten in a backtest, then it's not worth bothering trading that concept/idea (that's my approach at least).