@_author: addicted_to_captchas
@_date: 2015-07-03 07:04:09
So that hardly anyone can find us? There are already other bitcoin places that most people don't use.
@_date: 2015-07-05 06:42:54
If miners keep doing this, could a malicious (or economically rational) and risk tolerant miner deliberately mine an invalid block, to divert a large proportion of the naive hashing power, with the goal of profiting from the lower hashrate in the meantime? Or is that not a feasible attack?
Also, do you think there's any prospect of switching Bitcoin over to a more ASIC resistant mining process (e.g. stacking a variety of hashing algorithms)? Or is that practically impossible at this stage?
@_date: 2015-07-03 06:54:02
I get that it's not ideal, but since voat.co keeps going down at the moment, a static address at least means they can keep receiving donations in the meantime and it's fairly easy to host a static page with the donation address on it.
By the way, rather than going dark, someone should write a really basic, well tested, step by step guide showing people how to donate to voat using Circle or something (only because of credit card support). I would do it, but work's super busy right now, and I really shouldn't be looking at reddit :/
EDIT: Their address is on their [homepage]( and [here](
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:26:09
One shittychicken coming up!
@_date: 2015-07-01 00:43:59
Here's a newer option which tries to make things easier. It might be another good option for you to consider: 
You control everything yourself on your own machine(s), but you can setup your computer, phone and potentially other devices (e.g. wife's phone) as cosignatories on the 'bank account' so that there's no single point of failure. This is basically what 'multisig' is all about. Trezor and Ledger support is also planned.
If you're unsure, test each prospective solution with a small amount of money first. If you need help setting things up, don't hesitate to ask here. Most people are friendly and helpful.
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:40:59
Miners set their own soft block size limit. For example, block 364317 was about 732 kB.
Your calculations are interesting. Another scenario to consider is actual, sustained, increased demand, which is very different to an attack conducted by a small group or an individual.
@_date: 2015-07-14 13:10:56
If you were going to do that (as Greece) you'd declare a banking holiday, switch everyone to new drachma or whatever AND redenominate the debt in the new currency at a 1:1 exchange rate. Once the banks reopen, the value of the currency will drop but that also means the loan gets smaller and you can now print money like everyone else does to get out of debt. That might technically be regarded as a default by the creditors, but your curency is now the new drachma, and do they want something or nothing?
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:08:25
Chill out man. Hearn was talking about sustained, real demand because of increased usage, not some random short term attack.
There's no need to make everything so personal. It doesn't strengthen your argument at all.
@_date: 2015-07-14 11:47:04
Sure, there are structural economic problems to be fixed in Greece (as there are in all countries), but that's only a part of the problem. If Greece controlled its own monetary policy it would be not be in the situation it is in now.
The Europeans have been allowed a very generous run in testing their austerity policies on Greece over the last five years and we know now that those policies simply don't work. Every time there have been cuts, it's reduced the size of the Greek economy faster than debt could be repaid, wiping out any theoretical savings and pushing the state further into debt. Those policies have been thoroughly discredited in the minds of everyone but the one eyed ideological zealots and continuing to advocate more of the same is, frankly, a dictionary definition of stupidity.
The politics of all this is disturbing. The Greek government is reponsible for borrowing too much to begin with and the Europeans are complicit in making the original problem much worse. Everyone involved has to take some responsibility for the current situation. Dismissing the Greeks as simply being lazy is incredibly facile. Forcing a solution on the Greek people that is economically more severe than than the Treaty of Versailles is foolhardy and ignorant of history in the extreme. Playing politics with this issue for domestic consumption within European countries is so myopic it leads one to despair.
As someone not living in Europe, who is still affected by these decisions, I worry that we will all live to regret this idiocy long after it becomes a textbook example of what not to do.