@_author: adfasdfasdf3413
@_date: 2016-11-11 05:35:56
I work as a tax auditor but not for the IRS. I do audits where bitcoin transactions could have an impact. So far I have not had any businesses using bitcoins so it has never had an impact directly on my line of work. Also no one in the office has had an audit where bitcoin was an issue. 
Bitcoin is a complicated issue but not for the reasons that most would expect. The biggest issue with bitcoin when it comes to tax audits is that bitcoin transactions are more likely to simply never make it to any tax return and will never get picked up on the "radar" so to speak. There simply is no real way to actually trace these types of transactions. Doing any high-level type of detection would require court approvals, such as, scanning currency flows and even then the data we would retrieve would be hard to really piece together without some sort of advanced computer technology that "connects the dots." The end result is that if someone did get audited and they "forgot" to mention their bitcoin activity then it would probably fly completely under the radar of most auditors. You're more likely to get tripped up in an audit by doing abnormal activities like depositing large sums of cash or similar obvious "red flag" type of transactions. 
The second issue is if people do have bitcoin transactions, how are we suppose to get the data? All the audits we do today require electronic data, more or less. The taxpayer would need to actually be recording these transactions in their books. If you didn't have the data then your position from an audit standpoint would be pretty hard to defend in court. The taxpayer would have a lot of defenses that their lawyer could use to defend against any assessment. Most tax judges are fairly strict in terms of requiring the auditor to have actual electronic data evidence or equivalent. 
The third issue is if the taxpayer records their books in bitcoin prices rather than doing a mark to market for fiat currency price equivalent. You would literally have to develop some sort of algorithm on the fly to convert the bitcoin prices to usd prices for each date. Most auditors would even waste their time doing this type of stuff unless we are talking about a huge amount of bitcoin transactions, in the tens of millions at least.
So if you are doing bitcoin transactions and not reporting it then you're probably pretty safe EVEN IF YOU GET AUDITED. No auditor is going to walk into your office and say, "so, what about bitcoin transactions, do you have any of those?" and even if you did you could probably just say no and we wouldn't have a clue. 
The department I work for had done absolutely nothing in terms of guidance on bitcoin or any cryptocurrency. I am sure the IRS is a little bit ahead but they're still miles away from ever being able to tax it. If you are doing tax evasion in bitcoin, I wouldn't exactly let it keep you up at night. You are more likely to get tripped up with anti-money laundering type rules rather than a tax audit.