@_author: adfefeafsdfasd
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:22:50
"secret orders" that are told to anyone that asks about them at investor conferences that are open to the public.
OK LOL YEAH SURE
you actually think this losers story adds up? if he's such a great trader than why did his entire company go bust when just one of his trading strategies stopped working? oh right, that's because he was a one trick pony who got beaten by an efficient market. 
Its so funny that you call cheats when you don't even know the game. What trading desk do you work on? Jumping the queue...get serious! you have to be dense as lead to think that's why this guy lost everything. 
the guy lost millions of dollars. he now has to live in a shared apartment with a group of gambling addicts. you really think he's going to be honest about why he lost his money? nobody takes that much of a hit and tells the truth about it. think about it for a while. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:01:39
you're pathetic. you can only analyze information as long as its something you already agree with (banks are evil and cheaters!)
the funny thing is this guy probably didn't even lose to a "big bank". his strategy was probably just copied by another group of quant nerds sitting at a desk pouring over spreadsheets. this happens literally every single day. maybe if that guy wanted to be a successful trader he should have, oh hell I don't know, come up with more than one strategy. you seem to have a lot in common with him though, seeing as bitcoin is probably your only chance at having a comfortable life. 
good luck dude. you're really going to need it, especially if things don't turn out as horribly as you're expecting them to :)
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:33:23
wow an article got run in the WSJ. you do realize the WSJ is nothing more than a gossip rag, right? I mean, really, you don't actually think the articles in it are grounded in truth...do you?
next you're going to tell me you read the national enquirer for its hard hitting reporting style. 
its funny how you pick out just two words from my response and use that as a rational to ignore everything else I said. you're pathetic and you'll believe anything you're told as long as it aligns with your already established viewpoints. face it: the guy wasn't cheated. he was just arbitraged out of the marketplace and he was too stupid to realize it was happening while it was happening. you think anybody would actually cop to that?


fucking duh. that's the whole point of an efficient marketplace. you get paid to be better than everyone else. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:11:59
no...not really. you're obviously just projecting your intellectual inadequacies. if you need help understanding something I'm here for you friend. its pretty obvious you don't even know what "trading" is or what a trader does. you may -think- you do, but you're very far off base. again, I'm here to help you understand my friend. or you can continue to stab around in the dark hoping to find some meat. while that strategy doesn't seem to be working for you so far, at least its familiar and you don't have to come face to face with your failures. 