@_author: adiov
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:47:00
If this sparked your interest or you're having a problem with it, this is for you. Keep in mind that my comment isn't endorsing this outlandish idea, but just a complement to it.
Iceland has a lot of electricity. Like.. a lot! They have geothermal power, hydropower from waves, you name it! They produce too much electricity to know what to do with, so they want to sell it. But how do you sell electricity? Iceland is in the middle of the see. They cannot export electricity with cables to neighbouring countries.
Extracting aluminum from oars is a very energy-expensive process; it requires a lot of electricity. Who has cheap electricity? Iceland! So Iceland opened a lot of aluminum extraction facilities and invited people to send their oars to get them extracted at cheaper rates.
Indeed, people started shipping their aluminum oars to Iceland because, even with the shipping costs back and forth, it was a better deal to do it in Iceland.
Did you see what happened here? Iceland, effectively, exported their electricity in the form of aluminum. They do the work and send back the result as proof of work, and people pay them for it.
This is the same concept.
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:22:45






Risk analysis. Specifically, from SatoshiLabs' point of view.
Almost all of SatoshiLabs' employees are publicly known with their real names. If it does turn out to be the case and there were mass reports of funds disappearing from TREZOR wallets, then there will be a manhunt. In addition to regular users, do you know what kind of people use hardware wallets? People with very large amounts of Bitcoin who want safe cold wallets.
SatoshiLab's people don't want to get on the wrong side of such people. Threat of violence is not only implied, but is pretty much inevitable for anybody engaging in monkeybusiness in this line of work.
Constant flow of white money from product sale, any possible royalties, and investors is 100x better than 100x that amount while being on the run from people who know your face.
Plus, even if they wanted to do something incredibly stupid like that, which I don't think they would, it would be even more stupid to push it along with a security update that will undoubtedly be fleeced clean by security enthusiasts just so they can understand the original vuln better.
**TL;DW:** Extremely highly unlikely for SatoshiLabs to do something like that.
Edit: This is to anybody reading this comment. I'd like to add that you can always be paranoid and think that there's always a chance that they're doing that. You'd be absolutely correct, but you'd be doing a very bad job at risk analysis on this issue. You see, you're already very good at risk analysis. You probably drive, even though 1 in every 7000 car in the U.S. is involved in a car accident each year, but you still take that risk because benefits outweigh the risks for you. If, however, 1 in every 2 cars is involved in an accident, I think you'd probably start walking because the risks outweigh the benefits.
Once you approach the world from this point of view, you'd be able to make better, more educated decisions. Good luck :)
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:10:21


@_date: 2017-08-16 16:32:49


You can cryptographically verify the my identity over several platforms. For more on that, check my first ever post on reddit.
@_date: 2017-06-25 08:40:37
Yes. It still is.
Think of it this way: If there's actually a profit, wouldn't the cloud operator make _more_ money by using their own hardware to mine for themselves?