@_author: adkkid
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:36:56
I'll have to check them out. I didn't realize they were licensed. My information for who had a Bitlicense was coming from Wikipedia, but it looks like I should be able to use them. However, it looks like they're down for maintenance today. Ill give it a shot tomorrow. Thanks! 
@_date: 2017-09-21 11:11:15
Also, be sure to read up on tax laws in your region. In the US, for example, the IRS classifies any purchases or exchanges as capital gains if you do so when Bitcoin is valued at higher than when you bought it. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 10:50:33
Quick preface, I am not an expert. I'm simplifying what was a simplified explanation that someone else gave me. If someone wants to correct me, please do.
The wallet makers wouldn't be able to shut down your wallet, IF (and this is a big if) you are using a software wallet that is stored on your computer/phone or a hardware wallet. When you have one of these two, you are your own bank. The ownership of the wallet is determined by some strings of letters and numbers stored locally. As long as you maintain this, you can always access your wallet. However, you are in danger if you use an online wallet. For example, if you purchase BTC from Coinbase, your Bitcoins will be temporarily stored on a wallet that Coinbase controls completely. If Coinbase got hacked, you could lose everything, in the same way that if you got hacked with your own software wallet, you'd lose everything, except that you getting hacked is less likely. If Coinbase shuts down, you could also lose access to your account. Basically, you should be in control of your hardware or software wallet.
I partially addressed your second question, but to clarify, as long as you don't give out your private keys and keep your computer secure, no one can impersonate you.
@_date: 2017-09-21 11:20:25
You don't need your key to use the app. You SHOULD write down your master seed, which you can find by selecting your acct and choosing to back it up. But you never need to know what it is to transfer Bitcoin. 
I don't actually use a mobile wallet, because I don't make transactions with my Bitcoin. I'm more interested in investing for now. I use a hardware wallet called a Trezor. If you invest significant amounts, I would HIGHLY recommend setting aside ~$100 for one. The way it works is that to access your Bitcoins, you need both your pin code, and access to the physical device. But if you handle your mobile wallet properly, don't store crazy amounts on there, and don't lose your phone or recovery seed, you'll be fine.
@_date: 2017-09-21 11:03:29
I just downloaded mycelium to double check. Thats definitely your receiving address. You're free to share that, and the worst thing that can happen is someone sends you free money that you didn't ask for. It's like sharing a PayPal address. Mycelium is perfectly safe if you use it properly, I know plenty of people who do. But you should go to the accounts tab and create a backup master seed. This is a string of 24 words that would let you recover your wallet if, say, you lost your phone. Afaik, that's the equivalent of a private key. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 10:52:06
I'm not familiar with mycelium at all, but ideally, the private key would be stored and hidden, and probably shouldn't be accessed. You may want to watch this video on crypto currency in general, it'll help the system make a lot of sense.
 
@_date: 2017-09-21 11:10:17
That's perfectly normal. It doesn't need to know who you are. The identifying information is stored on your phone securely. You should watch that video I sent you, and it'll make a little more sense. The receiving address you have is completely unique, so that's all someone needs to send you Bitcoin, and no one can spend your Bitcoin without your secure private key.
@_date: 2017-09-21 10:45:43
Basically, the person buying only needs the address of your wallet. In your hardware or software wallet, you would want to generate a unique receiving address (the steps depend a little on what wallet you're using). Then, give this address to the person you arrange the transaction with. They can use their own wallet to transfer the decided amount. Because you generated a unique receiving address, you can know for a fact that the payment originated from this one person, and not someone else, because no one else was given this address.
You shouldn't be giving out anything other than the address. For example, you definitely do not want to give out your private keys. The only thing they need is the receiving address, which might be available as a QR code for them to scan depending on your wallet software.
@_date: 2017-09-20 10:43:47
It isn't really proof. This sub contains only a fraction of people using Bitcoin. But I'd say that it would make sense for there to be a correlation. Interest in Bitcoin has spiked, so it would make sense if this subreddit gained subscribers and for Bitcoin to be traded more.
@_date: 2017-09-21 10:58:43
So, that's your receiving address AFAIK. (Again, I'm a Bitcoin noob too, but if that's incorrect someone will correct me) If you want to have someone send you Bitcoins, you should give someone that. There should be a way to also generate new addresses, which should be done for every transaction for both organizations sake, and to make tracking you harder.