@_author: adoptator
@_date: 2014-10-11 13:56:04
"We" can be any random group of people. If the group agrees on different rules, there is nothing preventing them from changing Bitcoin to conform with them and use it that way.
@_date: 2014-08-24 06:08:59
Several minor bugs are fixed, but still need testing. No important new features.
Also, 5 year olds should not concern themselves about the investment aspect. ;-)
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:19:04


You're right. And in both cases, you are mostly protected if you do the authentication and payee verification through a secondary channel (I don't know if any of them allow this at this time though). Both methods in theory can allow hard transaction limits, and similar protections too.
I guess it is more appropriate to say that these are all perfectly possible without having to give full control of your money to another party.
@_date: 2014-09-06 14:51:53
I'm pretty sure anyone can read can also use myTrezor, even without reading the instructions prior, though I also think the documentation is very good.
What I gathered from is that a user might not naturally have the required common sense about security; mainly a clear awareness that your seed *is* your wallet. Being introduced to the concept through mainstream media could be helpful.
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:33:52
Yes, seeing asset backed coins as competition doesn't make much sense. They are also not invented yesterday, it's been talked about for ages. I guess people just don't like BF and Brock.
My point is, regulators can get pissy whenever they decide to. Let's hope this works, godspeed, but I have my doubts.
@_date: 2014-07-10 08:24:11
The problems of counterparty risk and privacy, the two problems with exchanges. However, I mostly agree with your points as well, so my conclusion is, it changes the problem rather than merely translating it.
First, I assume this will be operated in such a way that there is a single backer, and the backer offers to convert 1 dollarcoin (just because Realcoin is a stupid name for a USD token) into 1 USD on demand.
In order for this to work, the backer will need to comply with a ton of regulations.
If the backer needs to comply with the same regulations as Bitcoin exchanges, then this might really take off. Even though origin of funds may still be a problem, this might at least allow merchants to convert their dollarcoins into USD, which could just be enough to support something close to a 1-to-1 backing. 1 dollarcoin would probably exchange for less than a dollar on the free market, but it's good enough if stable. Some minor volatility would be expected every now and then though.
However, there is a good chance that the regulators will see it differently, at least eventually, and for good reason. Even though, unlike eGold or Liberty Reserve, the backer is not actively involved in the transactions, he is still the sole centralized enabler of these transactions, effectively allowing USD to change hands anonymously. They might not shut down the business and confiscate the dollars, but they may enforce regulations to further increase the discrepancy between dollarcoin and USD.
So, it's more of a philosophical discussion I guess. Are dollarcoins the same in nature with bitcoins? Bitcoins are completely abstract math tricks that can't be replicated, which behave very similar to commodities. Nobody has any tangible authority to define what bitcoins are, and they are in their nature purely numbers. Dollarcoins on the other hand are claimed to be identical to U.S. fiat money, and there is a particular authority that defines and controls that. EDIT: They are in practice identical to a form of Liberty Dollar, that are guaranteed and backed in USD.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:08:18
I think it's a matter of simplicity. If a part of an output could remain unspent, then you would always need to take that into account when traversing the graph (i.e. process all future transactions all the time), and also specify the fee explicitly. Besides, having a change address increases the complexity of transaction analysis, sometimes considerably, which is desirable.
@_date: 2014-09-22 13:58:46
You can use Electrum both for a day-to-day desktop wallet, and for secure offline storage. Or you could use a mobile wallet like Mycelium. Last, but not the least, there is the Trezor hardware wallet, although it is a bit costly.
All these options use a server to access the network. They don't need to "sync", but they are also not as good for privacy. In the middle, there are SPV wallets, like MultiBit for desktop, and "Bitcoin Wallet" for Android.
(By the way, even if your Armory doesn't sync, you can use the password to get out the private key to that address from your Armory wallet and move the amount using any of the above tools.)
@_date: 2014-09-24 18:07:41
FT has a paywall, but blogs (e.g. Alphaville) are free.
Still, you may be right, since "/?Authorised=false" suffix OP posted gives you a pop-up regardless. Thanks for the heads-up.
@_date: 2014-07-22 23:22:46
I don't know what you mean. Where are the cries for regulation you imply? In the "real" world I mean.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:09:49
I upvoted your grandparent for display purposes, even though you are probably not authentic, since the mods already said would be approved if he posts here.
You are pretty much wrong, because you can't concern yourself about what the other party does with the money they receive. Does Wikipedia accept stocks as donations? With your reasoning, since they likely convert them to USD right away (which is not certain anyway), they don't.
Newegg is likely converting most, if not all of the Bitcoin they receive, into the currency their costs are in. Just like they would do for the EUR I would send them if I used my credit card (assuming I had one). Technically they're not even Euro, it's a debt derivative denominated in Euro converted on the fly into USD debt.
Yet no one in their right mind would mean any of those when they say "they accept Euro" or "they accept credit cards".
They use a payment processor for both of these things. EUR and BTC are converted on the fly. Except, they have the option to keep some of the BTC. As long as they don't have any costs they can cover with bitcoins, I don't imagine they will be keeping them, except maybe a small amount of profits.
One way that percentage will increase is workers demanding a portion of their salaries in Bitcoin. Of course at that point you will claim that these are maniacal libertarians and it doesn't count.
Another way is some suppliers accepting bitcoins. Some will readily do it, but I don't think the volume would be enough to integrate Bitcoin into the internal money flow.
I don't think anyone ever claimed that these would happen magically overnight.
These things will take years of course. But if you will be backpedaling on technicality, then you will have to raise the stakes. Eat your hat on camera? Just an idea though...
@_date: 2014-07-09 08:02:52
That explains it. Then again, if Colored Coins will result in a better system, someone will do it anyway.
@_date: 2014-09-22 09:32:06


Not sure about that. Sure, people drag their kids to all sort of "activities", push them to do this and that, but I don't see an abundance of people doing real life activities and building things together.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:24:19
Basically, there would be no way to mathematically prove that the resulting balances were correct without the exact history.
Having said that, we could probably decide on a practical number of blocks we can count on. Of course, this would definitely introduce a bit of complexity and and break many of the secondary uses of the blockchain database.
A middle ground is having a decent amount of people store the complete history, and even more people only keeping a record of unspent outputs (still more data than mere balances, but an immense gain in storage nonetheless). The second type of database would be comparable to your proposal with regards to security, but as long as someone somewhere keeps the whole archive, all balances will remain ultimately provable without affecting secondary use cases.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:23:17
I wrote a command line Google Authenticator. It doesn't have anything to do with Google really, other than Google having developed the standard. It doesn't communicate with any server, it's completely offline and its operation principle is very simple.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:16:24
I agree that most people are being loud for the sake of it, but his ideas about regulation and how to develop Bitcoin protocol do not communicate a clearly freedom-oriented agenda, so the noise is expected and a bit of debate is necessary.
@_date: 2014-07-06 09:53:23
It's a bad idea to use like/dislike data to rank comments, and I don't think it was the intention. Anyway, it now works as you say, and most people use Reddit just to get confirmation for their beliefs, just like Facebook.
@_date: 2014-07-15 20:39:51
Really good hotels, to my experience, don't pester their clients for payment insurance, even for the mini bar. Especially clients that have paid it all in advance.
You have to have some ID with you while boarding the plane, so everything you have to give them beforehand should be to prevent payment fraud as well. No chargeback risk, no necessity to further annoy the client.
@_date: 2014-08-16 10:55:21
Which whole point is lost?
@_date: 2014-07-17 13:04:54
Yeah, right. Range trading HFT bots and macro scale market trends somehow have a fundamental relation and you have to glue yourself to the screen to have this insight. Got it.
@_date: 2014-08-26 06:55:29
Against a trillion dollar industry and vast armies? You can't do much about it, really. "Building awareness" seems to be the key component in their mission statement. Writing about it and keeping track is good enough for me. It appears to be one of the few sources I can read without puking right after.


Yeah, money could fix that too I suppose.
@_date: 2014-07-09 12:28:04
I would rather recommend  which ships pretty much everywhere, and prices should be competitive if not better.
On the other hand, straight from Europe that I have personally tried:
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:44:25
If you want to prevent sympathizers from supporting terrorism, much of it does not involve money laundering, which is about the origin of funds. It would only apply when there is a connection between organized crime and terrorism. So, it is probably not relevant to the case of Al-Qaeda.
However, the measures you put in place can easily overlap if you have no other concerns. In the end, they want to track all money flow everywhere around the globe.
Will it have any effect on violence? I think it can go either way. If they manage to implement a complete control, "wiping out" terrorism can create a very strong narrative which would help them with their total control of society, so they may decide to do that. Or, they can decide to keep some threat alive forever. They can always, continuously, reduce the terrorist threat. I don't see any signs for people not buying that.
@_date: 2014-07-01 10:50:24
Jimbo said they can't include Bitcoin as a donation option because people who see more donation options tend to get confused and put off. Apparently stock donations do not cause any confusion whatsoever. However, he was at one point forwarding donations to his personal Bitcoin address to Wikimedia.
Matt Walker from Wikimedia said it would at least cost half a million dollars to include the Bitcoin donation option. And that is only for the significant undertaking of integration, and excludes the extreme discomfort to the user mentioned above.
Other people said that Wikipedia should remain neutral, so can't endorse Bitcoin. As if the payment options they provide now are politically, geographically or culturally neutral.
Bottomline: They have more than enough money. Donate to someone who needs it instead.
@_date: 2014-09-06 07:13:04
There isn't much to print, really. Maybe a copy of the genesis block, and header of a single block per year, if you are paranoid? I'm sure I can write this down in a couple of minutes.
Assuming you have the copy, verifying it shouldn't be a problem.
@_date: 2014-08-28 18:43:26
And I'm sure they wouldn't want to give those up either.
@_date: 2014-10-13 18:20:28
Can't say for sure, both run fine. btcd is more lightweight, but less tested.
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:39:28
But it isn't wrong when he does it. We can't have puny ordinary people experiment with their bodies. They are normal for god's sake.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:20:53
You can also dump it with pywallet:
@_date: 2014-09-21 18:58:40
What's stopping us from using full encryption and onion routing?
@_date: 2014-09-25 13:30:38
EDIT: Yep, looks like the problem is limited to ~~Firefox~~ some browsers. :p
It worked for me but the form expires in a few seconds, so I don't really know if the payment is acknowledged. Guess I was too quick to pronounce it "working".
@_date: 2014-09-23 21:04:41
They apparently deleted the article after saying that, so the neck's final status is unknown but credibility permanently nullified through disingenuity.
@_date: 2014-07-23 08:39:04
I think this is a better point to agree to disagree than me supporting war criminals.
I think a selective stance can work. There is no hope of intimidation working, so this seems to me the only option worth trying.
If you think a bit about it, it conforms with all of your arguments. You say Hamas wants death, and Israel is giving it to them. Without death, their only option is victory. Without victory, they will slowly dissolve.
I am saying selective, because the West is already doing what is bad for everyone in the region for about a century now. If they hadn't intervened to begin with (which pretty much means no first world war though), things would be completely different now. They explicitly incited all nationalistic uprisings in the region to destroy the Ottoman rule and gain control of the region. The end result is, there is no way out of this for Israel without military defense.
@_date: 2014-09-01 17:29:34
So, for instance, puppet states don't exist?
@_date: 2014-09-16 13:21:58
This is completely independent from the topic of consensus algorithm, don't you think? If we are talking about scaling, it's either the blocksize limits will be relaxed or totally lifted, or the total value transacted will increase and lighter protocols will take over the low value transactions.
@_date: 2014-08-11 17:28:08


Interesting. That's true isn't it...
Also, although promotion has its place, the best thing you can do is asking, and finding the answer to, what Bitcoin do for *you*. Sorry OP, but that is more important. Find ways in which Bitcoin can help you succeed in what you want to do, and prove that it is something beneficial for everyone to see and follow. Of course most of that will be easier when more people use Bitcoin, so promotion is beneficial too.
@_date: 2014-09-15 09:35:16
I'd like to speculate about that, since I drew a different conclusion from my interactions with finance people (who also either shunned or visibly (though silently) ridiculed the concept), and since I have never expected anything good to come out of the incumbent doctrines.
Firm believers in the prevailing theories of rational self interest will probably find it odd (or find me extremely ignorant and stupid) when I say that Wall Street et al. will be collectively against Bitcoin even if it results in losing money for individual institutions, because it means the obsolescence of their will, and because collective meaning is above anything else. In persons, this may emerge as a struggle against a reality where they have been wrong (morally and factually) all along, and in institutions, this may appear as a duty to protect the interests of a greater structure. They share a set of beliefs and a general thought pattern which defines their existence, and no amount of worldly riches is worth the death of meaning.
This isn't good or bad, it is just how the world works, and it is the same reason those who are against the belief in power focus have any chance, even small, at altering the status quo.
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:22:06
Probably $0.05. I remember discussing it with my wife and arguing about deflation and why ripple is a better idea. Ah, the innocence...
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:32:32
I understand proposing alternative values, but I don't get what you mean by short-sightedness.
I don't value myself because I am human, I value myself because I am me. I respect others' individualistic perspectives because that sort of respect and the mechanisms it supports helps me and people I support be free of coercion.
I am fully aware that I am an extension of humanity. My normative self is an amalgamation which includes the culture I am raised in. This means that I operate in (almost) the same normative space. It doesn't mean that I have to have aligned norms.
I think that distinction is the main thing you have been missing.
Also, how would you describe the alternate view that is not short-sighted? I am interested, because I haven't heard about this specific criticism before.
I am open to be convinced otherwise, but as it stands, I think thinking the way you do very quickly leads to any of the great social calamities of human history. Luckily, a very small minority of people who can act otherwise is enough to stop that from happening.
@_date: 2014-08-31 17:01:23
Hi, it's the first time I heard about Bonanza. Seems like you have integrated my country in the International option, though most (all?) sellers seem to ship from USA. If you have Bitcoin integration, I would definitely shop, but can't promise to spend a fortune because of this handicap. Is there a way to search for sellers that ship from within EU?
@_date: 2014-09-17 11:12:33
The way you describe it, you will likely recombine the outputs, which will lead to the conclusion that you are the same person/entity who made the original transactions.
If you try to imagine the graph, or better draw it on paper, it will look like a river dividing and then merging back. Even two outputs (be it change outputs or intentional splits) being sent to a single destination will give away the idea that the owner of those outputs are the same entity who made the prior partition. Of course each iteration of these random splits is going to make analysis harder, but you might accidentally use a change output from a previous split and compromise your privacy.
One could make use of the "account" feature of Trezor to have more control over what addresses are used to construct the transactions, or some other (future?) tool to create the transactions you way you want them and use Trezor to sign. As more clients support the device, this will become easier.
@_date: 2014-07-21 14:26:28
Simple reason: Why develop and use Bitcoin at all, if we already have the protection of regulatory authorities? It is a waste of computing power. Centralized computers can easily be secured by the same authorities, and their efficiency will be immensely better than what Bitcoin can ever provide.
The only reason Bitcoin exists is to accomplish things without centralized authorities. If using this technology without regulation will fail, then it makes more sense to let it fail.
As a Bitcoin holder, the "investor" in me says otherwise of course. Nevertheless, this is what logic dictates.
Having said that, I don't have an objection to regulation of the bridges between the banking realm and crypto realm. Better regulated USD/BTC exchanges that operate through banks? Go for it. It is inevitable anyway, and no technology we can come up with will solve the fraud potential on the fiat side.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:51:47
I don't think anyone is saying Bob is engaged in a Virtual Currency Business Activity. Coinbase is. Coinbase requires a Bitlicense from NY.
I think what you are missing is, ALL businesses that have a BitLicense is required to have these measures in place, for ALL their customers. It has a logic to it, since if you don't know the sender, you can't know whether they are a NY person. So you have to know all ID and address verifications for everyone who transmits through you.
I actually think it's pretty clear from the text, and all summaries and articles I've read about this seem to agree with this conclusion.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:48:22
What happened to petamine's decision to leave GHash for P2Pool?
@_date: 2014-09-17 18:07:54
VPN or known hosts shouldn't be a problem, and I assume your ssh connection is fine, too.
Probably openbazaar is not responding at port 8888. Can you connect to 8888 on the VPS when openbazaar is running? (e.g. curl localhost:8888)
If it is the case, you can check the logs (search for http) to see if openbazaar is binding to 8888 properly. Maybe you forgot the "-q 8888" option?
@_date: 2014-09-26 12:25:00
Decreasing block time could [increase security]( but I doubt that it could be fast enough to increase convenience.
@_date: 2014-10-10 19:10:21
I fail to get what he means in general.


Because "becoming" happens *now*. How can the technology develop if it isn't used?
With the same logic, instead of buying immensely overhyped expensive PC's back in the '80's, we could have invested all that money on developing better computers. However, even if we ignore the realities of the market, the definition of "better" cannot take shape without usage.
Prof. Statman cannot be possibly missing this. Then what is he talking about? Is the comment about volatility? Can it be overcome with a slower adoption curve? I have pondered about it before, and it would be very helpful to see a scientific argument about that.


It is doing what people do. Curiosity, striving for a better world, etc. Pretty much everything that invalidates overly simplistic caricatures of rationality. Academics should be the first to understand this.


I don't know what he's proposing here. Not experimenting with a non-hierarchical system? Such a system *has to* be decoupled from outside influences, so a pure currency unit and free-floating exchange rates are a requirement. Since we can't realistically force a market cap comparable to USD and have to start from absolute zero, turbulence is inevitable.


I don't understand how he thinks this isn't happening. Deriving from &gt; what current needs bc satisfy
What current needs did the Internet satisfy? At least until the 21. century, my dad was not convinced one bit and continued to think it was for porn while almost half of my friends purely existed on it (which was evidently absurd and irrelevant, since no one else was doing it). In the end, he consumed a huge amount of porn. I made a fortune on it. So, it's always best to seek experience as a counterbalance to our convictions.
My recommendation to the professor: Start using Bitcoin effectively, dig around the existing structures and read about the proposed ones. Draw your own conclusions, instead of trying to make sense of conflicting reports.
@_date: 2014-10-19 02:23:51
On the flipside, I think people are put off from initiating debates parallel to a troll post. Fruitful discussions and criticism happened less rarely before trolling got out of control.
@_date: 2014-09-16 11:10:21


Care to explain what this means?


Good point.
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:38:21
I didn't know there was a incoming/outgoing distinction. Besides, I think 15 is considered pretty decent.
On the other hand, recently it is closer to 125 connections and stopped accepting new ones, so it should be fine. I'm pretty surprised actually.
What I'm concerned about is the CPU bottleneck (obviously it is constantly at 100%) and whether it does any harm. Any ideas?
@_date: 2014-07-18 08:55:14
This is only one of the many "regulations" that make self owning machines impossible. Pretty soon, we will have to move to a different planet to innovate at all.
@_date: 2014-07-05 00:35:18
Upvoted to help debate.
You just described Capitalism. I think bitcoiners understand that quite well, to be honest.
However, there is no reason to distinguish "Bitcoin rich", Bitcoin is not an isolated economy. There is only "rich", which may or may not have Bitcoin as a part of their portfolio.


Debt is quite problematic in Bitcoin, not because of lack of protections, but because it is likely to remain deflationary. There isn't much lending going on in this space, and it will likely stay the same in the future. In the Bitcoin space, funding techniques that do not correspond to debt is and will be more prevalent, so risk does not accumulate and explode in the faces of bystanders.


Besides the above consideration about risk, the reality of Bitcoin is that I don't need permission to use it, and it is as easy as sending e-mail. I care about the system and that it remains free of barriers of entry. I don't care about who is rich or not. The world doesn't owe me anything.
@_date: 2014-07-13 12:01:27
Not necessarily an entire computer. A very simple single button one time password device (or any other 2FA method) or a low power hardware wallet should suffice.
In the case of 2FA, you could have a separate key on a remote computer for a multi-sig wallet. The remote computer could require a token generated by TOTP. I don't know if any of the multisig wallet apps provide this, but they should if they don't.
Hardware wallet is obvious. We'll probably have an abundant number of them next year, but they aren't here yet as you said.
@_date: 2014-09-19 12:32:28
If you are capable and responsible, you can own things. Owning bitcoins corresponds to having control of some integer numbers, so you really don't need to get permission from anyone, ahem, other than your parents of course. :-) I'm telling this because I can't know how responsible you are with money, and how your relationship is with your parents. It's always a good idea to confer with them first. As for legality, I think you are in the clear if you are not a Bangladeshi.
Getting a wallet is as easy as installing an app on your phone, you don't have to "register". I would stay away from Coinbase or similar wallets that control your keys on behalf of you, and don't forget to secure some backups.
Buying coins is a different matter though. Parents could be useful here as well, depending on where you are.
My offspring is in primary school, and gets some of his allowance in Bitcoin. He use his cash for local and bitcoins for online expenses. It has been helpful as a teaching tool about computers, money and responsibility.
This is also recently asked here:
@_date: 2014-09-20 18:26:20
The first edition was metal, and they have no plans to manufacture them again. I'm guessing it doesn't add to utility much, and it's kind of nice that early supporters have a special item.
@_date: 2014-10-08 11:28:34
Professional journalists, especially mainstream news, will never risk public outrage. If somehow everything journalists know about governments and war (which is probably still a tiny piece of the reality) got through all the moderation, filters and the subjects' biases and reached their brain, we would have a global civil war.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:29:33
Again, that's not the OP's scenario. I'm not claiming that they can control all money flow with this specific legislation. If someone sends a known NY person's Coinbase acount some money, the text seems to suggest that Coinbase has to obtain this person's identity details. And they can perfectly enforce this, because they control the received coins anyway. I hope there isn't a disagreement here.
Sort of off-topic, but it's actually worse than that, because Coinbase has to know origins of all inbound transfers, since they can be from NY persons. At least that's my interpretation.
What you are suggesting is a workaround that should help you avoid direct issues with this specific legislation.
Also a bit off-topic, but this workaround might not work well with AML measures, since you could be claiming you've sent them even if you didn't. So I think it's natural to assume that at one point, you will have to declare origin of funds if you claim to be sending from your own wallet. That is assuming they can't derive this through a tainting process which enables regulators to track the origin, in which case passing it through your wallet could be considered suspicious activity anyway.
@_date: 2014-09-06 15:04:16
What is the recommended method of donating to Electrum? Can't really find a donation address. Are we supposed to donate to individual developers, or individual commits maybe?
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:11:46
Right out of Section 200.2 Definitions:






This sort of activity requires a BitLicense from NY. It doesn't matter where you operate from.
If you are not convinced, I recommend you to read other parts relevant to working with New York residents.
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:36:35
spoiler: There is nothing there.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:33:19
Bitcoin is more similar to cash than credit cards, but I think people will want to behave as lax as they do with cards. On top of that, they will want it to be at least as easy to use as credit cards. That's the main reason I'm worried about theft (weak pin codes and whatnot).
Maybe the market will prefer POS solutions that require multi-sig confirmation via a mobile device, which is as close as it gets to being fool-proof. Or we will move towards NFC via smart phone to compete with stuff like ApplePay, which isn't really ideal.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:11:31
There is always the (admittedly very low) risk that a browser exploit can let someone run arbitrary code on the machine.
There are also hundreds of packages you have installed and regularly update. Even if you never test software on the machine or install packages from PPA's or other external sources, there is still the (very low) risk of some package maintainer screwing up and letting in bad code.
Given the probabilities, I can't say your machine is unsafe, but I would still consider an upper limit of exposure, depending on your overall wealth and risk aversion. For some, this can be a couple of coins, and for others it may be hundreds. Regardless of this absolute limit, it's always a good idea to keep most of your coins offline-only for ease of mind (assuming you don't need constant access).
A minor precaution could be running Electrum as a separate user, but this might not be as useful as it sounds. I do it anyway since it only requires me to make a fingerprint scan each time, which is not a big deal. Please feel free to criticize.
Finally, as far as I know Electrum discloses your addresses to the server operator. So if you have a large wallet, even if it is watch-only for offline transaction purposes, it may be a good idea to conceal your IP address to avoid making yourself a physical target. Since I already proposed keeping large amounts offline, this probably applies to the watch-only wallet only.
@_date: 2014-09-08 11:10:41
No downvotes from me, but you are being too impatient. You entered the market when it was rapidly going up, and leaving it (actually seems like "dumping") because it didn't sustain that pace.
Bitcoin just isn't the sort of investment you think it is. The key point of it all is, you can actually do something to contribute, which will make Bitcoin better, all of which is supposed to be incentivized by your investment in it. This is another reason why, interestingly, Bitcoin will continue to preserve a core anarchistic audience, because they are less likely to be affected by game theoretic dilemmas and "divest".
Now, what will happen is, this sort of euphoric investors will leave, price will suffer, those who are interested in building up this system will remain and continue building it until people realize again that it's not going away and euphorically invest again. That how it's been happening for the last 4 years I've been actively observing.
@_date: 2014-08-28 06:47:32
If the government gives it full support AND there are enough businesses that accept Bitcoin (some competent POS producer could make this reality), this could become a huge event. In which case $350K would actually be a low estimate. Will this project ever get there? I'm not too optimistic, but it's worth following.
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:00:48
It's not really that annoying, but it's not funny either. Distracting useless noise. I wouldn't ban it for the sake of not having banned anything, but makes this sub less appealing to me. Mission accomplished I guess.
@_date: 2014-09-26 07:10:58
Hi, is there anywhere we can download this directly? Couldn't find it on F-Droid or direct download links on the website.
@_date: 2014-08-18 22:55:38
I thought Bitcoin wasn't money? With all sorts of facts I dislike, I get confused.
@_date: 2014-07-11 12:49:31
Well, I think saying it is not an option decreases the impact of the statement. Even though I agree that it's a bit hypocritical, since I wouldn't let any of my private keys touch a Windows machine ever.
By the way, I found this to be easy reading, and informative:
@_date: 2014-07-23 06:55:34
Yes, it's been claimed. Even if true, it is still a sick excuse to kill babies. Maybe because I'm a father, but I can't just look at those dead babies, look at your comment and not start shivering.
On top of that, your "collateral damage" is 3/4 of people killed.
What is being "someone's civilian" anyway? That is the exact same justification used to justify suicide bombings in heavily populated areas.
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:51:26
It is a war crime because it is an unfair, atrocious and effective defense. Just like how chemicals are an unfair, atrocious and effective offense. The whole ordeal, and why it is declared a war crime is for defending civilians. You can't just shoot your way through the civilians and justify that because it was a war crime to begin with.
As I said, I don't expect Israel to behave differently. They will play. But they are perfectly capable of not playing. Hamas isn't just a mindless monster you claim it is. Granted, they will go on for a long long time, but most of it is because they have nothing to lose. They will lose their fuel eventually, especially if there is even minute hope of a resolution.
@_date: 2014-07-13 08:58:47
I imagine not. A few hundred bits of entropy should be enough for a impractically large data set. If you aren't using the same device for scientific research purposes, and this data is somehow public, I don't think there is anything to worry about.
@_date: 2014-07-13 13:50:23
I am a proud getter of this meme.
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:30:55
Relevant: 
@_date: 2014-10-08 07:42:13
Up to a limit (currently 1 MB) as a measure against an unforeseen type of denial of service attack.
Although, I would rather wait a bit more until someone comes up with an algorithm for an adaptive limit.
@_date: 2014-09-24 16:01:08
There's no paywall.
The article got removed. Apparently it came back. Check out the OP.
@_date: 2014-09-01 14:41:43
Mining is very important of course, but it is not the totality of "running the network". They are there to provide a service, which is to ensure there is enough work to secure the blockchain. What is valuable is the chain itself. Throwing it into the dumpster because you can't find decent security is, again, pointless. We *will* pay for decent security if they really want to continue mining on their unsecure chain (or whatever reason we decided to change the protocol).
I think we have a difference in perspective right there. As long as the blockchain functions and is secure, there is no "starting from scratch".


If it takes up to two years, the switch would be seamless. It's not comparable with a boot from zero.
In summary, what we users want is a stable currency we can both use for daily spending and long term savings. Currently we don't have that, but that is what we want still, and we have a real potential of getting there. Destroying the money supply every time you need a change is a no-no, it destroys most of the utility value of the whole space. Miners are not valuable enough to be allowed to lead us to such a position. Therefore the user network will always strive for a near-consensus for the long term survival of the currency unit.
@_date: 2014-07-16 09:35:13
I have a couple of Bitcurex cards, and they work pretty well. I don't think they are distributed anymore though.
@_date: 2014-08-26 06:33:59
Which feature of which altcoin are you talking about? And how is it that the code is already in the out and is not already adopted by Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-07-20 20:18:49
destinia.com is great, and you can book both flights and hotels. It's pretty much superior than other options, and based in Europe.
@_date: 2014-09-26 09:48:59
I like that it is SPV. Hope it will support multiple accounts soon.
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:08:50


It counts as a form of sidestepping the whole ordeal of having to do something to back up your claims. :-)
In theory, that could even work between banks. Until FED asks what's going on. Then you supply the data or your USD becomes worthless.
So just go to your bank, and ask what NY intermediary they use for USD transfers. Or find a bank which doesn't use one.


It is an interesting exception of a central bank becoming a party in USD transactions. Banks can't transfer anything out without central bank involvement (they have to report all transfers to central bank, which gets a 5% cut) and you can bet that the transactions go through NY when they do.
Their interbank systems are also operated by the central bank. I honestly have no idea what the agreement between USA and the central bank of Ecuador is about domestic transactions, but since FED can pretty much destroy their entire economy instantly, I'm sure there is some level of reporting.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:16:16
No, he's never gonna be as entertaining as @_date: 2014-07-10 07:22:32
lol @ the concept of Osama being funded by random Americans sending $3K.
@_date: 2014-07-03 00:56:52


As a technology enthusiast and programmer, that excites me. As a human being living in the real world, that doesn't help me at all.
There are just too many good ideas floating around to limit us to a single system, but those systems operating with different currencies are a technical problem that needs to be solved if possible.
Bitcoin created a new level of abstraction, and therefore needs to operate with an independent unit. Having a completely different unit is not by itself an advantage, it's a cost associated with something we want to attain.
As long as we operate on the same level of abstraction, with the same intentions, having multiple units is just an engineering problem that doesn't add to the benefits at all. Having the money supply increase with every new idea, most of which will inevitably prove to be bad ones is a handicap no one really wants to deal with. If it is essential to the free world you envision, then I can't object. But if there can be a solution, then we need to look for it.
This particular unit doesn't have to be bitcoins by the way. If something else comes up that can unify these systems into a single money supply, I would rather switch to it than stay in Bitcoin.
Also, there may be systems that are radically different and therefore require a new unit. No objection to that either.
@_date: 2014-09-04 15:14:25
Here are some ideas: Create something of value out of Bitcoin. Build a business around it that is more efficient than competitors. Use it to transact people with whom you would not otherwise be able to. Build technologies on top of Bitcoin to help remove barriers of entry in areas other than finance.
@_date: 2014-07-09 01:16:55
The "inflationary" part is not the problem with it. These (assuming there will be many more that are backed by various other assets) would help people move in and out of Bitcoin, potentially without counter-party risk at the transaction level (which makes me wonder why they didn't use Colored Coins), presumably without having to have an exchange account. It could increase privacy and efficiency.
If operated this way, it will also cause an immense amount of regulatory problems for the backer too, which makes this an unsafe store of value. If not, then it isn't very useful anyway.
@_date: 2014-10-20 18:42:06
If you already have a bank account, have applied for and received a credit card, registered a PayPal account (which is hopefully available for your country), your destination is in the "legit" countries list and you know the details of the recipient, then maybe yes, depending on how you top up the account and conversion fees.
With Bitcoin, you could be a toaster without an e-mail account, doesn't really matter. I could still send you 10 tardises. *This doesn't mean Paypal isn't free for you*, but only that there is a cost associated. You've already made your investment into a system and a lifestyle. In these cases, barriers of entry will not be one of the reasons you would use Bitcoin. You are also very likely dependent on the legacy system through debt relations and such, so transitioning is not an option.
Bitcoin is most useful if you are in a position of taking advantage of the lack of barriers of entry. This is mostly the developing world, but they have many other barriers that prevent them from leading any change whatsoever. So, as others have said, we still have a long way ahead of us.
Luckily, it isn't the only reason you might consider using Bitcoin. Push transactions for lower amounts is currently problematic at any practical scale. Pseudonymous transactions, too. Wherever Bitcoin is accepted, I tend to finish the business within seconds, whereas with credit cards I have to enter a lot of personal information together with card info, and sometimes have to confirm the credit card itself through a microtransaction. If and when we have more consumer protection techniques implemented for Bitcoin, it will pretty much be the best of both worlds. The final remaining chicken-and-egg problem will likely be volatility.
@_date: 2014-09-01 11:37:13
Miners have no control over protocol changes. They can continue mining on their current chain, but ultimately the network of users decide which fork is legitimate.
The confusion lies in the fact that the users, developers and infrastructure operators do not want to make mining less appealing, since we all need the protection of proof of work. That's why, for instance, the developers will never change the mining algorithm overnight.
You see, just as the miners can't enforce their rules, the developers can't either; the network of users can reject developers and side with miners too, if it is more rational.
Of course, multiple forks can live side by side, but it is not the optimal solution, which makes a consensus seeking process more likely.
@_date: 2014-08-12 09:26:32
It's not hard to see that the idea of centralized indoctrination and governance has dominantly shaped many aspects of humanity throughout centuries. This has many affects, from reducing diversity to controlling how people think, peacefully behave and organize. If government is not somehow in your way, you are probably not doing anything interesting. I would recommend you to have a look at some anarchist literature to get an impression about how this affects us in general, since the views are very diverse. I personally think it has robbed us of all purposes that could make sense.
I also don't think taxation or public services have anything to do with it. I'm morally obligated to pay for the services I receive anyway. Just wish these weren't monopolies, but it really is the tip of the iceberg.
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:32:27


I think the issues are being exaggerated. This is voluntary work on an open-source project, and the problem is an optional USE flag being on by default. No one is denying anyone anything.
Yes, the flag shouldn't be default. But check out the other thread on the front page. "Boycott Gentoo now"? It's luke-jr hate week again.
I actually didn't agree with the "poisonous people" rhetoric back then either, though it was probably more of a political move to help resolve the issue sooner.
@_date: 2014-07-13 14:24:20
I think there will always be a limit, but this can be self-adjusting so that most legit transactions can be included.
By the way, blockchain.info is just a website, and is not an integral part of the Bitcoin network. Everyone running Bitcoin Core is a full Bitcoin node, and they all (at least currently) have to keep a full copy of the blockchain.
Transaction fees are a measure against spam. However, since miners can add whichever transactions they want regardless of the fee, and anyone with enough processing power can mine full blocks, we need a size limit as a further precaution against bloat.
On the other hand, if you can find a way to prevent spam and dust, there isn't really the necessity to further filter out remaining legit transactions. So what we want are self-adjusting fees and a self-adjusting block size limit.
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:13:15
Bitcoin's main feature is being agnostic to, by who or for what purpose it is used. It by itself does nothing against outside powers. The only thing it does is exist as an option where there was none.
As long as I and my fridge can send bitcoins to anyone or anything without asking for permission, I don't care who else benefits from it.
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:59:44
Like iuROK said, Bitcoin works with transactions, not balances. A total balance appearing to reside in an address can be multiple smaller transactions, and are stored that way.
There has been other decentralized currency proposals in the past which worked with balances. The problem with this approach is synchronization, which translates to the double spending problem.
As it is now, Bitcoin is as good as it gets to a trustless system. Removing any part of the transaction history would make it impossible to prove the complete system. Also, it would not be easy to decide in general which transactions are no longer needed without some sort of bias or centralization. However, I think there will be a way to prune the local chain in the future so that only unspent outputs remain (in the discretion of the node operator), since not doing so might result in hobbyists not being able to run a node at all. Also, AFAIK there is now the so called provably-prunable outputs that can be gotten rid of even if they are unspent.
@_date: 2014-09-09 16:17:21
QR code + camera is one of the worst methods you can use. If you are going to have to put a battery on the offline device, why not use radio communication (NFC, etc.)?
Besides, I think at this point, such devices have to support *payment protocol* at least to some degree. Which doesn't really mean the device has to have direct Internet communication, just adds to the data that has to be communicated.
Other than that, you are right of course. These need to be offline devices that can display the payee, and have some level of security (e.g. pin code).
EDIT: s/payment/payment protocol/
@_date: 2014-09-04 05:42:20


Yes, it is exactly what Mike has said, isn't it? :p
A developer makes some sane remarks that should be made about any software project, especially a financial one that is the Beta stage, and:
- Trolls: Even the developers agree that Bitcoin is doomed!!!
- Altcoin pumpers: The real innovation is happening in the altcoins! Litecoin has already invented how to make transactions FOUR times faster!!! Bitcoin left behind!
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:46:23


I'm sure it depends on the situation, but for me it's many times faster. One reason for this might be having to enter fewer details (I almost always travel with family), and the fact that I don't have to deal with a bank when something goes wrong (not every time, but it has happened a couple of times and took hours to fix).
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:17:27
Ending the cycle of death means to stop killing. Israel can't even prove that Hamas did the kidnappings. They could easily have taken another course without political hazard.
For every civilian killed, Hamas will have more weapons than they lose. You know it, and I know it, and Israel knows it. They are just as guilty, even more so because they have the capacity to change things.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:20:41


I guess my whole point is, this analogy doesn't work for currencies. Another bookstore can do something in a different manner, just like another crypto-currency network may be doing something in a different manner. However, units of account are not things that do things. They are completely abstract.
The only practical difference these units can have over each other is how they are distributed. As long as there isn't another method of distribution (e.g. welfare coins, etc.), I don't see any reason to have an additional unit of account other than being unable to come up with a way of preventing that. Which, to me, looks like laziness. (Crowdfunding coins are also merely about distribution, so I'll come to that.)


The "whatever reason" part is important though. I completely agree that having a bunch of different competing systems increases resilience. I can imagine the system we devise for having a single money supply failing, too. However, that is still an engineering problem which we ultimately need to solve, even if we have to deal with the burden for now.


The entire value does not increase, other than the whole multiple currency approach potentially being a hindrance on development, but money supply does. That is exactly why the crypto-currency idea doesn't make sense for most economists.
The only reason it worked, and puzzled economists, is *because* of network effect. *Because* people picked Bitcoin and accepted that it is scarce. And if you think about it, the necessity of this choice in order for the ecosystem to function is actually preventing the increase of resilience you are talking about. If all these approaches shared the money supply, you would have a homogeneous distribution of users among the many systems that try different things.
For instance I am a user of Namecoin almost since the beginning. And I'm convinced that if we didn't have an extra unit called NMC, it would have penetrated the technological market much sooner. NMC merely exists because we can't use BTC to directly purchase names. Any decent Namecoin user should realize this. And the "why" is nothing that should concern the end user. It is just a complication that doesn't benefit them.


As I said, my original objection does not cover creation of units to achieve some specific distribution. However what you are saying is an awful way to get crowdfunding. Does it even work without a central exchange? I say methods that make the exchange work on the blockchain itself will be far superior.


Sure, and that's not really a bad thing. But as I said, coming up with a way to do this without increasing the money supply should be a priority, since it decreases the usefulness of the entire ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-08-12 19:46:50
You know it's typical for scammers and thieves to excuse their own actions by blaming the victim of being stupid, or being too weak to justify their wealth.
Just in case you are Danny or someone close...
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:10:32
Well, I implied that it would shoot up because of euphoria, didn't I? Since I was trying to be critical about the OP for both being euphoric and pessimistic, I didn't realize it looked like a promise. Apologies for not being clear about that; I actually have no claims about future price.
@_date: 2014-08-28 09:10:15
The problem with analogies is that they are impossible to defend against idiots. They are good for interviews or books, bad for online discussion. That's why you won't see 35+ year olds arguing about it on Reddit. Source: 35+ y.o. Bitcoin enthusiast
@_date: 2014-08-07 07:27:26
I'm very interested in the device, but I didn't contribute because they don't accept Bitcoin. Apparently people complain a lot when they fund something in Bitcoin and then its value goes up (e.g. Trezor), and since this sort of project always experiences delays, it's a nuisance to deal with all the extra trolling that comes with this. It's understandable from the project's perspective, but the issue in general also doesn't make any sense whatsoever, so I won't contribute out of principle. I think Bitcoin is quite a useful tool for crowdfunding. Either way, I will buy a bunch of it when it comes out.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:11:46
Is it not possible to pay with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-07-20 21:21:22
I see your point, but I also see the proposal as a hint of how they see Bitcoin, and what their desires are. At this point, altering the proposal in a way that will let it flourish in NY might do more harm than good, as they will try to achieve their goals through the market players they control.
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:58:14
You are unsure about whether there can be an ASIC-resistant algorithm, but sure about the existence of a system that uses one? And you get an upvote for that?
@_date: 2014-07-22 10:15:43
Bitcoin is not an perfect engineering design, it combines many things that don't fit any ideals. It's hard to say how and why it will succeed, and I think it would be hard to tell why it happened if it fails.
Maybe you could say that it can fail if enough brilliant minds don't find it interesting anymore.
@_date: 2014-09-07 18:37:38


The prudent thing to do is to test your setup *before sending money to your encrypted keys*.
This is a pretty standard security recommendation, and not specific to BIP38 at all. I would never suggest people to refrain from encrypting.
@_date: 2014-06-30 17:37:32
Electrum can transfer the unsigned transaction and get the signed one back, but there are size limits. QR plug-in is bundled with it, though you need to have the python2-zbar package installed on the system. The camera function also requires me to preload the v4l2convert library. Let me know if you can't get it to work.
For a large amount of data, there is also this:
@_date: 2014-07-08 23:25:29
As someone who doesn't know much about the U.S., I'm actually impressed by its receptiveness. Then again, I guess it's more about their love for start-ups rather than Bitcoin. EU seems to have been more receptive of the idea of Bitcoin, though it's been weaker on the business side.
Either way, I think I agree with you on the trend, which I think is going on everywhere.
I imagine OP's message is meant to steer the new generation, and is not a declaration of trust. If they could manage to get on board and create a decentralized structure, sacrificing conformity along the way, then their kids might thank them for it, or at least be focused enough not to care. I don't see it happening though.
@_date: 2014-10-31 07:42:35
Did you also joke about privacy? High profile publicity stunt quality Bitcoin transactions worth more than 10 million USD and initiated by the FBI might not be the best way to evaluate it.
Find the MtGox coins, and you'll have an argument.
@_date: 2014-08-25 05:38:12
The problem with "money laundering" is it being ill defined and thus being used to cover anything the controlling party likes. Currently it is being used as an excuse to completely remove financial privacy. We are living in a world where hiding something is by itself illegal.
To remove confusion; the crime here would be "theft". Money laundering can indeed be used as a factor in the investigation, could raise suspicion, etc. but by itself it should not be considered a crime. Pretty clear I think.
@_date: 2014-07-13 12:46:03
As long as we don't develop methods that will make running completely transparent businesses very easy, and therefore the norm for Bitcoin based ones, we will have to rely too heavily on personal integrity. I understand that Neo&amp;Bee investors were too optimistic and applied too little scrutiny, but I also don't think this is a very exceptional case of an investment going bad.
The easiest model is designing a system that allows investors to observe and multiple independent accountants to securely authenticate and verify the money flow. I would like to see a few companies launched that work this way, and it is perfectly doable currently. Ironically, it is possibly the regulations in place that make it problematic, especially those who make taking in investors without layers of counter parties challenging.
An advanced model will allow companies to be simple programs that run in a decentralized environment. A similar transparent accounting and auditing system will always be required for everything that involves human interaction though.
@_date: 2014-09-12 05:52:52
Yes, maybe we can assume the distribution method is also an economic property.
Although, I don't know how you can practically have "better" distribution. Even if you give an equal amount of units to every person on Earth, the currency will rapidly move from weak hands to stronger hands, which is exactly what is happening with Bitcoin. All the difference will be having more people know about it, using a method that is likely applicable to Bitcoin as well.
@_date: 2014-09-19 12:53:03
Bitcoin core (formerly qt) is good for privacy and security, and it is a good introduction if you are into computers. However it can be a pain to sync, and switching to other clients that let you control your keys should be just as fine.
If your parents are concerned about credit card security, Bitcoin might (or might not) appeal to them. I would consider discussing. Also, Bitcoin ATMs can be a relatively safer method if you want to purchase with cash.
Here, have a bitcorn on me to get you started. @_date: 2014-08-18 20:40:51
Well, I do say it to people when it goes up but no one gives a damn. But I think no one gives a damn now either, so it's all good.
@_date: 2014-07-12 10:30:04
I imagine a decade from now, we will have satellites functioning as Bitcoin nodes that continuously broadcast transactions. Anyone who is under the sky can create perfectly secure transactions without having to trust a centralized server. They can then inject the transaction into the network using any channel available (I for one would forward all incoming SMS messages to the blockchain for no charge if push comes to shove).
Add to that, devices with slow but reliable satellite short messaging, and you will have a monetary system that can be resilient to nuclear apocalypse.
@_date: 2014-07-23 08:23:56
I already stated my opinion. Don't retaliate with unbalanced force. Don't cause more deaths than you have suffered.


So, a guy attacked you, then took a hostage. You kill the hostage to capture the guy, and it's his fault the hostage is dead?
@_date: 2014-09-19 14:23:19
Even though I (probably) agree with your general outlook, you ascribe too much importance to holding. It is what you do for the Bitcoin ecosystem that's important. Yes, sometimes holding might have the affect of reducing volatility, but it can't compare to, say, producing wealth using Bitcoin.
I'm not selling my bitcoins just because of the exchange rate fluctuations, but that's because I don't like currency speculation. Other than that, let people do whatever they want. I'd trade a beta tester to a hodler any time. Better both though. :-)
@_date: 2014-10-14 11:42:38
An analogy to something that everyone would have benefited from but didn't become popular because people are selfish AND short-sighted? I for one welcome it.
I understand oligarchs using the analogy: It reinforces their argument; that people need to be ruled. But trolls are populists. The "everyday guy" will not applaud you because you tell him that he lacks the will to change anything.
@_date: 2014-08-14 05:38:58
Well, the oil blend still contains fish oil.
Though I guess you could easily replace the oil component altogether with whatever you want.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:25:35
Except, the address already contained more than the auctioned amount, which is now in a change address. Regardless, fees are mostly to prevent spam, so such transactions don't really need to pay any.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:24:47


Interesting development.
@_date: 2014-09-09 17:44:50
We are more or less on the same page.


The [payment protocol]( should be helpful with this case, by checking the name against a signature and displaying the verified name on the screen.
It's best if such devices display names instead of addresses whenever possible. Addresses should still be accessible in place of something like a receipt number.
*(Sorry, I mistyped this in my first comment.)*


Well, just like Trezor, the device can ask for two confirmations, making the mistake by the user less likely.


Private keys, in no manner and for any reason, can be dumped. I wouldn't use any device with this capability no matter what interface you use, period.
Probably our difference arose because of this final point. Yes, if the device has the potential to leak keys, QR codes would make more sense. However, it's much saner to just not have that functionality at all.
@_date: 2014-10-14 12:29:37
Those are the exact same points critics use for Bitcoin. Banking is fine as it is, and Bitcoin isn't a vast improvement over what we already have. I think those statements are wrong, both for Bitcoin and Esperanto.
Bitcoin's biggest advantage is the incentives in place and I think it has a *much* better chance of success. However, I think we can still make use of these comparisons while talking about the disadvantaged populations to learn from similar movements.
Those who didn't have access to knowledge had the most to gain from Esperanto. It was the open-source alternative. And where Esperanto wasn't suitable, people could and did develop alts. But the change still happened top-down. We now pretty much have to learn English, which takes years to master, and still leaves you disadvantaged. It is like having to support USD as the world reserve currency if you want to enter global markets.
Looking from this perspective, it's easy to draw parallels to the difficulties Bitcoin is facing in the developing nations. There is some sporadic activity here and there, but the vast majority of the world is waiting for the West to accept the change and then inject it into their lives. Without people embracing it as a means to freedom, Bitcoin won't be bringing the change we'd like, even if it succeeds by some other metric.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:49:02
After reading that material, it seems that davout was right. He could have been more gentle while writing about it in public, but then he's not a PR person.
@_date: 2014-07-11 19:52:59
Makes sense. Although, you will need a bank that can give you a debit card that says "VISA" and not the shitty Electron one or god forbid one of their proprietary systems, hopefully without an extra charge.
In the worst case that happened though, I was abroad for a long while, and my bank introduced a security measure for online payments that could only be activated through a local branch in their part of the world. I had to use someone else's card whenever I had to buy a ticket, and the airline complained, so I had to find a physical office and go there with the person with me. Opening an account in a local bank was also problematic, since they asked for a letter of recommendation and whatnot.
In the "normal" case though, I should be able to go through an agency instead of the airline and enter my card details, and it should work without having to fill out extra identity forms. Bitcoin is a tad easier, but it is not a massive improvement. However it has always worked for me, so since then I didn't apply for any cards whatsoever. I currently don't have any credit cards on my name and no PayPal account. It feels refreshing.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:06:10
Live now.
@_date: 2014-09-23 14:57:29
I don't understand what's going on in here, or why I was voted down.
If you think Bitcoin is doomed, you have a chance to act on this belief.
If you don't trust your belief, claim or "prediction", why are you telling people about it?
If you aren't, then this thread is obviously not about you. Why are you even responding then?
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:40:02
As I said in the EDIT above, you are misinterpreting because of not having read my comment. Even if you don't get my reasoning, I at least stated that the price will suffer. What I didn't do is decorate my comment better with disclaimers, which I probably should have.
On the other hand, I actually agree with what you are saying about the "to the moon" mentality in this subreddit. It's just that attributing that to Austrian economics is just lame.
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:36:19
That, and the fact that you are clearly rebelling while they think you should be going to proper authorities and appeal to them, using your one micro-vote right.
Clearly you must be a bad person. Otherwise they are just dumb.
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:09:30
Yes, but the auction was for 29,656.51306529 coins. The remaining was split to a different address.
@_date: 2014-09-04 19:54:00
Participating reinforces the status quo by legitimizing the system. Although I would agree that not participating doesn't exactly weaken it, not wasting energy on that axis still makes sense.
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:09:52
I understand your reasoning, but it doesn't amount to much as long as they don't succeed one bit in what you claim that they are trying to do. It is indeed an atrocity, but I don't see Israel not wanting to play a part in it. Both sides seem to be quite content with the outcome. There is nothing to defend about any of it.
@_date: 2014-09-22 15:24:04
They are also against fusion:
@_date: 2014-09-23 18:26:31
Only an hour later, [turns out that it was](
@_date: 2014-07-25 08:53:28


What is this "money" you are talking about? Its nature is nothing more than an IOU provided by bankB. It still needs to be verified all the way up to be called a USD, one way or the other.


Deriving from your general argument, I would expect you to say that these are not IOU's, but *actual USD accounts that change balances*. The fact that you call these IOU's means that they have to be settled with NY at one point, which conforms with how I see inter-bank debt relations work and how they are part of the hierarchy of information.
I'm preparing for a flight right now (paid in Bitcoin, yay!), so I might not be able to respond. However I think it's been a productive debate, even if we couldn't agree. Lots of new questions to ask people "in the know".
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:08:38


I don't get it. The initial distribution of coins through block rewards was a good idea for bootstrapping Bitcoin from scratch. The brilliance was in matching the required incentive to mine with the initial distribution of coins.
But, we are not in 2009 anymore, and re-living the same scenario seems a bit meaningless. Both the initial distribution and incentive to initiate mining are completely temporary phases, and should not have an important place in the design of our systems. I think we are now capable of supporting a network based on merits alone.
**tl;dr** Don't award new currency units to miners, and the value of required power will converge to whatever the user base is willing to pay for security in the form of fees.
@_date: 2014-07-04 09:35:26
Even if it isn't, we will still fake it.
@_date: 2014-09-22 09:40:57
No, you just had run of the mill drones as parents, and you think it is normal because everyone around you is the same.
That being said, I would have chosen a project that is better suited for a 7 y.o.; there is too much parent involvement here.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:57:11
Looks more like religion than science to me.
@_date: 2014-07-25 08:08:15
It also isn't good news for Bitcoin specifically, because it is one evidence showing that the cost of freedom is higher than what these oligarchs can gain from Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-24 06:04:32
Mining is self-adjusting though, and most of the coins are already distributed.
@_date: 2014-07-06 10:17:54
That phenomenon not specific to Bitcoin. Trolls feed on other people's enthusiasm and will feel the urge until everyone around is at the same level of misery and frustration. Bitcoin just happens to be radiating feelings of accomplishment, but it's not special in some other way for trolls.
@_date: 2014-07-02 18:36:05
I agree.
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:58:24
Yes, that part made quite a bit of sense. Maybe it's better to clarify that it is a result of security requirements and not currency creation. Many economists confuse this and see mining as a waste. Of course, it is indeed a waste if we can have a working alternative, but for different reasons.
@_date: 2014-09-08 11:23:59
Sure, but how did they change in the last 10 months?
@_date: 2014-07-01 07:53:11
Looks like a very ordinary situation, it happened to many friends. No one starves to death because of this since most people travel with friends, have local companies they know, embassies, friends of friends who are local, or at the very least someone who can transfer money through WU.
You didn't need any of that because you had Bitcoin. Not requiring permission of other parties is a non-trivial property of Bitcoin. It is also non-material, so you can bring it anywhere with you.
I admire your patience with trolls by the way. Have a bitcorn. @_date: 2014-09-18 13:52:25
So, the best way to get them is to earn them?
Depending on what you do, it might not be as difficult as it sounds. Still, if you are a wage earner, it's still more convenient to buy the coins with fiat.
@_date: 2014-08-31 08:17:02
Let me be the tenth to say that you will lose money by mining. On the other hand, it can be fun, so it's also stupid to make elaborate analogies to pancreatic cancer. It is what it is.
I had a similar problem and it was solved by specifying all devices one by one, instead of using ""all". I would suggest searching the relevant threads on bitcointalk.org forums, which rarely lack solutions to such common issues. Good luck.
@_date: 2014-07-05 11:21:36
First, you need to explain how debt would work in the Bitcoin economy. As I briefly explained, it doesn't, so the mechanism you propose can't work.
Second, you need to explain why the amount you pay per coin is relevant. The distribution of coins do not change depending on value.
Lastly, why the fuck was I downvoted? This subreddit is getting sillier by the day.
@_date: 2014-07-10 13:48:53


Stealthy in what way?


How many? And what is you bet? My guess would be, less than 10% of active Bitcoin users would be unaware that the money supply is increasing. And that's being generous.


The cost is a result of issuance, not transactions. If Satoshi could come up with a better solution to distribute the initial coins, the hash rate would be far lower now. Or, if the number of transactions increase by 100x, you will get 100x less "per transaction" in your calculation, because it is not the cost of a Bitcoin transaction at all.


When did you pay $35 for a Bitcoin transaction?
These "revelations" are getting old. If you don't like the current scheme of distribution, begin by proposing an alternative. When we have an alternative, we can then discuss whether what we have now is good or bad. It becomes a constructive debate. Without that, it's just a theatrical performance.
@_date: 2014-08-16 08:17:48
stupid article + title wrong
@_date: 2014-07-23 01:38:44
Anything I could propose here to "solve" the conflict would be of no avail. However, I do claim that sudden unbalanced violent retaliation that kills hundreds of innocent civilians does not work. Not killing children would not result in a worse situation for Israel. It is practically murder out of principle.
Yes, we live in a world in which every sovereign operates like this. That doesn't mean that we have to accept it as just.
@_date: 2014-07-15 09:37:19
They can fix the price upon receiving the transaction and still wait for it to get confirmed to deliver the money. Waiting for confirmation within a set time frame is not practical and a bit overkill.
@_date: 2014-09-20 06:34:58
I suppose the exchange rate will always converge to what the usage pattern dictates. Apparently Bitcoin doesn't have enough commercial use and savings incentive going on to support a higher exchange rate. A "quick drop" is likely hodlers deciding to increase their holding by going in at a lower exchange rate. In other words, it wasn't going up, so it went down.
Most people disagree, but I think immediate utility is what feeds the exchange rate, even if it only demands a much lower one. As its utility solely as a medium of exchange increases, so will its viability as a store value.
I think at this point what we should primarily look for are business to business transactions and evolution of core functionality. The latter is important to compete with alternative crypto-currencies. Of secondary importance is decentralizing a greater part of the world's economy, decreasing the barriers of entry for being funded and being able to trade. Next comes the new sort of organizations that are fully transparent and fully autonomous.
@_date: 2014-09-03 13:55:12


Actually I can imagine a situation where Bitcoin can survive the loss of the whole Internet and even power plants. When it becomes important enough, I think we will develop the necessary technologies.
Then again, I really don't trust humanity. Internet may turn out to be powerless to prevent a situation like the Dark Ages. This would happen in parallel with Bitcoin's demise, with all other non-hierarchical structures. This may be a Brave New World type of state with some Orwellian war-on-something constant thrown in. We are already half there.
@_date: 2014-08-25 09:44:28
I like Monero, but I don't think the idea to increase monetary supply for every new feature is desirable, so use will always converge towards solutions using a single currency. Most these anonymizing techniques will eventually be good enough to make extraction from the lowest level transaction data useless for analysis anyway. That doesn't mean Monero isn't interesting or will not have its uses though. I don't have any right now, but will get some when I have time to play.
@_date: 2014-09-11 05:27:53
Pay attention to the "Bitcoin keeps replacing itself" remark. This space isn't as random as people make it out to be. It is not optimal to increase the money supply because of engineering tweaks that are completely unrelated to economic properties of the system, therefore it is perfectly logical to expect people to work on integrating the proven improvements to Bitcoin. I'm not saying it can always be done, but it is the most efficient solution.
An alternative currency is inevitable however, when the economic properties are incompatible.
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:18:19
If my response doesn't make sense to you, then I don't get your criticism. "Respecting you as such" is in practice a nominal condition, a public recognition.
Sovereignty in-the-name-only is the extreme condition where governance is de facto dependent on an outside power. This could be a perceived state or a practical situation even without it being acknowledged by the public. An example of the former is Northern Cyprus from the perspective of Turkey, and an example of the latter is post-war-on-terror regimes of Iraq and Afghanistan.
@_date: 2014-09-23 13:45:42
If it's a gamble, why make precise claims?
@_date: 2014-10-27 11:13:56
But that could change if Bitcoin became a competitor, no?
@_date: 2014-07-18 07:36:15
I sincerely hope that you are right, and I hope everyone affected by it does write a letter as an experiment. But to me it looks like no amount of revision can save that proposal. Their mentality is obvious, and even if they revise the current one, they will slowly extend that to cover whatever they want.
@_date: 2014-08-27 13:09:15
If you go down the deterministic offline wallet route, your risk management boils down to two basic things:
* Don't lose the seed
* Never type the seed on a computer that can become online, even in the future
An idea is using a read-only Raspberry Pi that has never went online as the signing computer for an Electrum wallet, and generate the wallet from scratch every time (i.e. the wallet is not stored on the RasPi or anywhere else). You can do whatever is convenient for you instead, especially depending on the frequency of access. It really takes very little time: create the transaction on the online computer -&gt; examine + sign on the offline -&gt; broadcast. Even better if you manage to use QR for transport.
Armory may be a better option, but consider that you may need to access your funds without physical access to your computers. Electrum is a bit more flexible. There is also Trezor, but haven't tried it out yet.
You could also store your funds offline, using paper wallets, or even safely backing up your private keys in an electronic, but encrypted form. However, I find the offline wallet approach more flexible, as you can more easily move funds in and out, and it is pretty safe. Creating multiple such wallets by adding an extra word to the seed would help against rubber hose cryptanalysis.
Finally, how do you make sure you don't lose the seed? Storing it in many parts in secure locations might be good enough. If you are more technical, check out Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme, which would be many times more secure. Having family members memorize the seed is also a useful method, but probably won't work for kids before high-school age.
@_date: 2014-07-08 00:16:24
Radioactive decay is truly random, in the sense that even God can't compute the outcome.
It's not practical for such a project, and noise should be enough if correctly implemented.
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:43:53
The timelines do not conflict. Stratfor report just omits most of what went on after the kidnappings. Besides, Stratfor is hardly impartial.
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:12:03


Psychopaths especially would not care though. I think they are just confused, that's all.
@_date: 2014-07-18 09:24:12
Of course it's wrong, but it's true for a lot of countries. They just don't have the same reach. USA not only is very powerful, it also does a lot of policing for causes that align with most developed nations' governments.
@_date: 2014-09-22 10:16:08
This has been proposed, but it would be immensely confusing. If you don't like bits, maybe it's better to come up with another name for it. I like 10^-6 as the unit, since it still allows two decimal points as is commonly used.
@_date: 2014-07-04 23:39:22


I don't know where you got that. All choices will obviously have a different set of future problems. Why does decoupling the payment systems from the currency seem to you like a more hazardous choice? And why is it not desirable?


As I said, if we want people to use all these systems, having disconnected units is a hindrance. Bucket system won't solve the issue because it involves impossible choices and amplifies the risk for no good reason. That sort of stuff usually leads to people trusting authorities for judgment, which, combined with profit motive, results in politics, advertisement, histrionics, you name it.
In summary, I think having a unified unit would result in more efficient competition. We can agree to disagree of course, and since I don't even know how to best implement the scheme I support, it's not so important for now anyway.
@_date: 2014-07-23 00:05:19
A group of people (from a financial institution) just asked me over the phone about which wallet to use, and questioned why I wasn't recommending Coinbase.
What I gather is, for those who are completely new to the idea, it takes a bit of contemplation to grasp the fact that bitcoins are not IOU's. If you don't have personal access to people who know about Bitcoin, and don't have time to research, you won't really know the difference.
I know it *is* bad, but this class of users will also be justifiably ignorant of the importance of making secure encrypted backups of their wallets, and forget their passwords even if they do, so it's not all black and white. My hope is that they will learn more about Bitcoin in time and switch to better tools.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:09:58
Which makes me wonder why we don't already have those. It's probably because even we don't support it enough. Any recommendations?
@_date: 2014-08-19 10:52:42
That *is* an interesting idea.
@_date: 2014-09-02 10:13:29
Is there a consensus among users, or is that a debated change? My comments assume a scenario where mainly miners are resisting to a user consensus.
@_date: 2014-09-07 11:47:08
RasPi + Electrum is very convenient, and can use QR codes and camera for transaction data. For everyday spending though, Trezor is much more handy.
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:47:18
A high exchange rate does not mean getting anywhere. Obsessing about the price is unhealthy. For some it's greed, for others it's envy. It doesn't say much about Bitcoin's future or its usefulness.
@_date: 2014-09-17 07:26:58
They can stop actively helping with adoption though. However I suspect that this new trend did *not* originate from individual banks, but from a suprastate authority. If we see a new surge in Bitcoin adoption, I am betting that the new "biggest" obstacle will be banks. And after that, it will be states. Let's hope that more people realize what kind of world we are living in before we get there.
@_date: 2014-07-11 11:53:56
Quite the contrary, indeed.
A couple of months ago, your suggestion could lead people to brainwallet.org to generate a private key "to spread the risk". Many people did that. It didn't make sense then, it doesn't make sense now.
If you are suggesting that /dev/urandom might not be secure, and some other system could be more secure, then say so. As I said, the best service you can find will be using either /dev/urandom, or CryptGenRandom() on Windows.
Your suggestion makes sense only if we have to be ignorant of the underlying mechanisms. Luckily all these tools are open source, so we can reason about them.
EDIT: By the way, brain wallets are not "fundamentally flawed". People are just very bad at generating pass phrases. For instance, mnemonics for deterministic wallet seeds are also basically brain wallets, and they are pretty secure. The flawed idea is, having people generate their own pass phrases using their brain. It is a pretty much off-topic issue.
EDIT: Slightly changed wording.
@_date: 2014-09-14 12:59:05
You're right, these are all middlemen, and sales volume to Bitcoin users probably would not be enough to justify additional administrative costs of cutting out just one of those middlemen.
Last year we were still at the "but I can't spend it anywhere" stage and nowadays I am *slowly* moving away from struggling to find an alternative that accepts Bitcoin to just checking out the payment options wherever I shop or donate to.
A lot more needs to happen before these retail businesses can take advantage of Bitcoin directly, and business to business transactions is the key. It's a chicken and egg problem which will not be clearly solvable until it is already over.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:12:15
They might (and should). Also, they don't need to move anything, they could just include digitally signed statements within their financial statements.
@_date: 2014-07-05 23:07:20


Is it really widely acknowledged? The thing is, Bitcoin is very basic, and adding complexities opens it up to new potential threats and weaknesses. So you either need overwhelming proof of the importance of the threat (which might require a real attack), or a tried and tested solution which might come from an alternative network.
I don't think this is ideal, but seems to me that it has to be this way. And I don't have any ethical problems promoting the use of Bitcoin.
So, whether the value store has to go away depends on whether there is an efficient enough migration route. Such a route might not have been discovered, and whether there is enough economic incentive and political will may be unknown. Currently we are in a phase that people are experimenting on different implementations, and that Bitcoin is perceived as safe. So I think it is normal to have the impression that only alternatives are adopting these important solutions. However, as things progress, I think Bitcoin will begin to adopt some of these radical changes, maybe after years of testing.
EDIT: One more thing I think is important to consider. Solutions directed at specific attacks, or for specific bugs or features, are the enemy of elegance. They cause bloat and hinder development. While losing time might be making changes harder because of the growing user base, buying time will result in a clearer picture that helps make the right decisions.
@_date: 2014-09-23 12:26:29


Depends on what you call success. If it is limited to "niche uses", price would likely converge to what the usage suggests in the long run, don't you think?


It will be world changing if it is widely adopted, just like, say, mesh networks. Of course, the average individual might not have a use for it, or might be steered away from it. That is a very likely scenario. Its existence will still be a factor against coercive monetary policies though, if you would count that as success.
I also don't think there is a common vision of "this subreddit".
@_date: 2014-09-05 14:13:24
Not really. Would it surprise you do discover, if we had the means to measure, that most of the talk about price is being done with people with motive (pumpers/dumpers), and that they have an incentive to talk a lot about it?
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:51:08
Well, otherwise he couldn't manage to create a good enough RNG, just like brainwallet.org guys. I actually cut Him a slack.
@_date: 2014-09-02 15:52:27
Since what you are saying is orthogonal to my original claim, this unfortunately is a useless semantic debate. Nominal sovereignty is a widely used term, in the sense that I have used (check out Google Scholar at the very least). The reason it is used this way is exactly because what you have been explaining is blatantly obvious. If you don't like the way I have used the term, fine, but it is not an interesting debate for me.
@_date: 2014-07-23 09:43:30


Sure, if that is the case... That was pretty much the argument for taking out Saddam, which resulted in an immense number of civilian deaths, money enough to build a base on Mars, and a many many times worse situation in the region. What is gained? Nothing. It is not even more ridiculous than it's silly to justify the case in Palestine.
I'm trying not to be demagogical here. I think Israel is perfectly capable of sustaining an "endless" conflict with Hamas, and I think it will not result in more civilian casualties on both sides combined. 


I think we can derive enough from the results of previous such events. Trying to intimidate Hamas with unmatched violent retaliation is what keeps Hamas going in the first place. You have already said that Hamas wants this. Why would they want it? You want to have your cake and eat it too.


You keep on repeating that, and I agree. It is no justification for killing innocent children though. I find it ridiculous to pursue the war crime angle after the so called human shields are already taken down.
@_date: 2014-09-20 05:59:05
Well, the problem isn't that it is biased, but that we usually expect more from BBC.


This sort of factoids belong to tabloids.


I think you may be confused about why people care about the tone.
@_date: 2014-07-09 08:48:47


Sounds like you want to desperately believe in what you believe.
Prostitution is just like any profession. Most don't have many options, just like most other people. With the exception of human trafficking, they make more money than they would earn in a different profession, so they choose this. Also, skills, looks and brains is very important if you want to make a decent career out of it.
Your perception is skewed because you are likely considering prostitutes that work in places that it is made illegal or otherwise dangerous by likes of you. That is a completely different category, and specifically off-topic. If you are not somehow ideological about it, you won't want to become a prostitute where it is illegal. If you are, then it's likely that you have no other options and possibly mentally crippled. This has more to say about prohibition, and applies to much more than prostitution.
@_date: 2014-07-09 08:10:53
"Filter by region" would make this my homepage! Two things I am interested in:
1. Items that can be shipped to my country.
2. Items that can be shipped to my country without customs involvement (in my case, from within EU).
Which means filtering by both source (which should include unions) and destination. Please, please do it. Even eBay can't get this right.
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:57:12
Oh my god, my son is playing Eufloria non-stop since I got the Bitcoin Bundle. Didn't know you ran it. Thanks a bunch, it's a brilliant game. Have 4 seedlings. @_date: 2014-09-04 13:49:44
Be careful with cryptothrift though. The escrow feature will save you from being scammed with a fraudulent code, but Amazon can still ban you for entering it.
@_date: 2014-09-09 08:52:27
1 month from now*
@_date: 2014-10-13 18:20:55
Interesting. I will try bitcoind on a RasPi and compare.
@_date: 2014-07-24 11:52:12
All USD transfers go through correspondent banks in the U.S. It's pretty much common knowledge, but I found this that may help:
I didn't read the source thoroughly, so if you don't find the examples of transfers between two non-US countries satisfactory, let me know.
So, the least they can do, if you don't even have presence in the USA is block all your USD transactions, effectively destroying your USD stash. You are of course left with the banknotes you have, but otherwise you can't transfer your bank's or customers' USD to the bank next door.
They can also hinder your general functionality through their influence over the rest of the banking system. All of this is excluding all treaties and inter-bank agreements, but I don't have time to work on a decent list of them.
BNP already had presence in USA. But that doesn't mean that USA's reach is restricted to U.S. based deposits.
@_date: 2014-09-22 10:02:25
I guess loans can be replaced with shares. Instead of paying decreasing interest and increasing principle, you could pay decreasing lease (for the percentage of shares you don't own) and buy whatever number of shares of the property as you please.
I think the concern is, people won't be building houses in the first place (or buy the shares in the above example) because just keeping money would be more profitable. Of course if economic growth slows down, deflation would slow down with it, so it shouldn't cause a market failure.
However, it would still restrain growth. As a semi-tree-hugger, I think it is a good thing.
@_date: 2014-09-25 13:10:45
Working now.
@_date: 2014-08-25 06:59:03


I am certain that if banks could provide privacy, they would (and probably cheat, though). Either way, they can't.


In the 20th century maybe. I was there and it was good. Times have changed. The "grow up man" team here needs to grow up. 
It's all about the amount of potential outrage. In the coming decades, you will see many more people getting thrown in jail for refusing to decrypt their computers for instance. But by then you will perceive it as normal. The current laws already allow this.


Can I provide "everything under AML regulations" as a generic statement? Any behavior that can be utilized for money laundering is forbidden. For instance, structuring is unlawful regardless of its connection to criminal activity.
I'm sure you can find the laws, it's not the problem. The laws allow all sorts of control. The problem for the system is finding the line between obedience and disobedience. You have massive tax evasion, gray markets, insurgency, etc. when you miss the spot.
@_date: 2014-09-20 18:46:37
In this case, consumer protection would mean that OP wouldn't be able to invest. After the investment, [the deal is the same](
@_date: 2014-07-17 06:41:54
I'm pretty sure OP isn't talking about daily fluctuations and I don't think labeling these bubble/crash cycles as "pump and dump" is accurate at all. Then again, I'm not watching charts all day long and trying to attach meanings to it.
@_date: 2014-07-09 08:33:36
Why are you so bitter about it? Complying with director's "orders" as a freelancer carries a far lower degree of obedience than your manager's orders at HSBC.
You may be jealous about her not being restrained by the same shackles you are somehow proud to wear. I'd get that checked out.
@_date: 2014-09-26 06:18:11


Using an immediate point in a rapidly evolving market. If everyone could spend Bitcoin everywhere, this discussion wouldn't be happening.
There weren't any "large" options anywhere, a few months ago.


Yet another group of detractors think Bitcoin enthusiasts are putting all the downwards pressure on the exchange rate by spending their coins. All I know is, people I personally know do spend coins for things all the time, and none of them are in the US. Does this constitute proof? Hardly. Just like your assertion (which is likely backed by "declining NewEgg sales" etc., ignoring the fact that the merchants you focus on are *indeed* PR points).


I didn't use an Overstock gift card to buy a ticket to France last night.
So yes, it's like an Overstock gift card you can use anywhere, which is completely divisible and Overstock has no power to invalidate. Actually it is a bit worse, since its value fluctuates.
If you have the benevolent motive of improving Bitcoiner rhetoric, you might be wasting your time (here comes the cynical retort). It's just too easy to build "rock solid" arguments against optimists in any subject.
@_date: 2014-07-11 10:14:33
It uses OpenSSL's random generator. Looks like the code is using it properly, so I am not too worried. There should be enough entropy gathering from the environment, though you have to keep in mind that these systems make use of the operating system's facilities, so it's up to you to trust if the OS is not open source.
EDIT: By the way, both Electrum and Bitcoin Core seem to be ultimately getting the random numbers from same sources OS provides. These are different on Un*x and Windows, however.
@_date: 2014-09-21 09:04:20


Over the counter systems (including localbitcoins) usually have an escrow system. It's probably not perfect but there aren't many reports of unsatisfactory dispute resolution, so I think it might be worth a shot.
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:34:45
Don't know why you are voted down. They do. And that is one reason the incumbent system is inefficient. And these corporations, very rationally, want it to apply for everyone else, because it keeps the barriers of entry high. And when something goes wrong, they can go on with a minor scratch unlike the tiny 'disruptive' competition.
But the political elite? Well, they are pretty much immune to all this. They will use your money to fund your enemies, claim it's the doing of unknowable enemies within and the only option is to scrutinize everyone, then want more from you to fight against the monster.
@_date: 2014-09-01 13:16:26
Depends on the importance of the change and concerns about security.
For instance imagine the network sees a security risk in continuing to use double-SHA-2, and wants a change. The counter-concern would be the increased security risk from a temporary loss of hashing power. If the former risk is imminent, there is pretty much nothing the miners can do to force the network's hand. If it isn't, they can work on a smoother change. It is ultimately the users' decision whether to let go of the already existing hashing power.
@_date: 2014-09-06 15:47:24
I do occasionally donate to server admins, but I'm mainly wondering about how to donate to developers.
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:40:41
Actually, it's an interesting idea. Maybe not as a USB dongle, but something like this could be use in a mainframe implementation (e.g. online wallet). Besides the obvious usefulness, it can be used as a marketing gimmick.
@_date: 2014-07-20 23:23:32
It's an attempt to avoid where the machine is leading us. I don't think it disrupts any particular market, but rather affects many in parallel.
Monetary transactions are just another kind of information transfer. They are of the kind that requires consensus. When I transfer the ownership of a property to you, any person or entity that acknowledges the regime is "updated" regardless of their awareness of that particular transaction.
Bitcoin and similar technologies help us make any kind of consensus-requiring broadcasts, whether it's a transaction or not, freely. As such, they are an integral part of a general disruptive group of technologies of free (which may sometimes correspond to "censorship resistant") information transfer.
These technologies are there because we crave for a different regime, where peaceful decent individuals can engage in activities without boundaries they never agreed to.
Maybe you could say that it disrupts censorship and dominance of intrusive players in some markets. But it is certainly more than that. 
Investment: Currently, the barrier of entry for being able to receive investment in exchange for equity is quite high. The "blockchain technology" solves that. It also removes all "protections" that are in place and moves the responsibility to those who invest. With this model, you have many isolated disasters, but avoid massive avalanches caused by misjudgment of key institutions. This could lead to a world without closed chains of debt, and without forcing the change on anyone.
Law enforcement: We are now ready do develop systems that don't require explicit law enforcement to work. Of course these can not cover physical misbehavior anytime soon, but we can have an economy running purely on laws that have been programmed. Trusted agents can be replaced by transparent provable algorithms. Again, doesn't require forcing anyone into this system.
Governance: The future that is built on these technologies instead of one that shuns them might allow people to opt in to the regime they prefer, without having to change locality. Efficient competition between these regimes can lead to even more efficiency, which can never be possible with localized governance structures regardless of whether they collude or compete.
Ownership: Our civilization is based on the idea of the atomic human with free will, for which there isn't much philosophical justification. Even though I don't think we will see individuals as multiple personae anytime soon, we need a path leading to acceptance of self-owning entities that are not human. Free information flow will at least give them economic power, and therefore political voice.
I can go on speculating, but I just wanted to give a general idea of a world that isn't bound by arbitrary borders drawn on a wet rock or a civilization that is shaped by ideas that are narrow in scope. The world is converging, and the time of distinct civilizations is rapidly coming to an end. Centralized governing structures at most have the ability to project an impression, a mental construct of the idea of the mind of humanity. With complete free flow of information, we can have a true mind, and then expand from it. Both this rock, and humanity itself, will end eventually, and to me the whole ordeal is to come up with the norms of the cradle that will give rise to what comes next. 
@_date: 2014-07-13 13:56:18
I think people will trust Facebook with their money, Bitcoin or not, so I'm pretty sure they will use off-chain transactions for the most part. (EDIT: In the almost certain case of not using Bitcoin, they would be "off-bank" obviously).
Then again, we still need dynamic block size in order for the network to handle popularity. Without it, we will have to move to other off-chain solutions. That is also appealing in different ways though.
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:57:06
This doesn't make a lot of sense to me. You already have the information. Just have a couple of accounts execute orders.
Is there any advantage of specifically using your company profits to do this, that I can't think of? If not, then you are on the wrong track IMHO.
@_date: 2014-08-16 07:36:39
You could have a malicious browser extension. If you can identify that as the case, your computer is probably not compromised, but you'd need to get rid of your browser configuration (plug-ins, etc.).
@_date: 2014-07-25 09:46:21


Well, there is a hierarchy which works in a way that empowers U.S. to enforce its laws to all parties that are connected to its banking system, which results in NY being aware of all transactions. So yes, all transactions conceptually go through NY.
The difference between this and the simplistic registry concept is, you could attempt to obscure the originators and not communicate upwards. This eventually leads to you you being fined billions and punished by limits in some types of transactions altogether, as we see in the BNP and ING cases. You do believe that these companies would not have been fined if they didn't transfer USD to/from U.S. citizens, but it is simply wrong.
This is really not a U.S. thing. All sovereign authorities on Earth believe that their laws are universal. What matters is reach, which makes U.S. special.
Also, I don't get why you always extend the argument to gold or derivatives. I'm not claiming that they are somehow in control of NY. Convert your USD to EUR and then use SEPA transfers if you like, too. No biggie.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:23:57
"bits" is cool and intuitive, and not that ambiguous. I can imagine funny misunderstandings, but context is almost always clear enough for this to happen very rarely. We are mostly dealing it megabits or gigabits in technology, and money is usually measured in thousands, millions or billions, so I don't think that will cause any confusion.
@_date: 2014-07-15 17:43:32
Impressive selection.
Unfortunately they don't seem to be shipping to mainland Europe.
@_date: 2014-08-28 07:05:07
Good point. However, chicken-and-egg situations are best handled by weakly attacking in random directions instead of wasting energy on a single spot.


I wouldn't call it "at best", when the alternatives are that they will not claim the money or claim and sit on it, which are not really much worse scenarios.
The tourism or real estate businesses might eventually like the extra attention. Of course it's even better if there is a local exchange and regulatory support, in which case you can bet that they will welcome direct Bitcoin payments.
@_date: 2014-07-07 10:35:33
I'm sure you already know that Silk Road isn't involved in mediating murder for hire, so your response is a bit out of place.
As for Ulbricht, why are you so sure he did it? It will be a major disappointment if he really did, but the best way of knowing is letting him defend himself properly.
You guys are too concerned about image.
@_date: 2014-06-30 07:14:53
Thank you comrade, it looks delicious. I shall however resist temptation and forward this in one piece to other followers of the almighty Bitcorn!
@_date: 2014-09-07 08:12:59
Same here. Right after I got one for "testing it out", I completely moved my hot wallet to it and been using it ever since.
I think PIN entry is very brilliant though.
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:14:01
Security can't be great if little is paid. Either there will be enough transactions so that the fees cover the cost of sufficient security, or fees will be high. Some people apparently believe that there is no process that will result in equilibrium, but even if it doesn't happen through cooperation, it can be enforced by network-wide rules which I think is easy to reach consensus for.
To me, there is a different problem. Do we think that our current security is great? Sure, for a 10 billion USD market cap it's more than enough, but more transactions and more popularity means more money and more adversaries. So the network's eventual strength needs to be comparable to opponents more stronger than what we currently protect ourselves from.
I suspect solving that particular problem will require improvements to the system we have now. For instance, proof-of-stake is one method that can be used alongside proof-of-work to increase the requirements for an attack. I imagine people will come up with new ideas in the coming decades to help solve the issue, so that we don't have to resort to more convoluted systems that require hierarchies of trust. Bitcoin is only 5 years old, and we have ample time to improve the protocol.
@_date: 2014-07-23 01:10:52
I respectfully disagree. Partially because I don't think attempts at dispute resolution equate screams for regulation. I am yet to see a victim blaming the lack of government oversight for the loss of coins. Considering the scale of the disaster, it is even a bit surprising.
Also, partially because I don't think Bitcoin and regulation are a good match.
With centralized guarantees, you can create something more efficient than Bitcoin with no drawbacks other than centralization by itself. It just doesn't make much sense to implement external guarantees on Bitcoin (although I exclude connections to legacy banking, such as Bitcoin to fiat exchanges, since they are inevitably regulated, and more regulation on that front is not particularly worrisome).
So what I suggested was, maybe those who think regulation is desirable shouldn't be interested in Bitcoin. If Bitcoin will not become ubiquitous because of that, as Mr. Lawsky said, so be it. Why not?
@_date: 2014-08-24 09:10:03
Good one. One other non-option that raises a multitude of legal issues and risk of confiscation is crossing borders with it.
@_date: 2014-07-22 06:55:52
I more or less agree with your view. No, I don't think Bitcoin has huge "problems", but rather it is what it is, and I don't consider or recommend it as an "investment". It is a fucking revolution though, so let's agree to disagree on that.
That being said, buttcoiners are known to pull off such stunts, and this guy is either one of them, or just a random guy experimenting with this sort of scam. You don't need a tin-foil hat to detect it.
@_date: 2014-09-03 21:15:46
The transaction has already fallen off the network, so it is already as cancelled as it gets. If you control the originating wallet and you don't see it in your balance, you can rescan the chain. If not, you need to contact the originator, since they have your money, assuming you didn't already credit you back.
@_date: 2014-09-19 06:18:39
Short answer: Yes
Just keep in mind that if you don't control your own keys, what you "own" is debt, not bitcoins. So it would be wise to stay clear of online "account"s, regardless of age.
@_date: 2014-09-01 06:33:24
Well, I think we need Bitcoin because the world states will *not* collapse. Though most will become only nominally sovereign in time.
@_date: 2014-09-26 14:00:21
Why not create a repository where users can pay app creators directly in Bitcoin? It would at least be useful for those who don't use Google Play.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:11:44
It's not so clear cut. I have a very high respect for such people and would love buying their creations as a form of support, but I will not call people who share them thieves.
At the very most, I could call not supporting people who work to create content you like ethically unsound. That doesn't cover sharing, however. It is a perfectly healthy social behavior.
It is, in the end, pure information. What's in my brain, or a structural change in electric charges on my drive can't be your property. When I share it, I'm sharing what I have. You are still perfectly free to support whatever people you think are responsible for the creation.
Not thinking this way eventually leads to inventing a God-like entity that you have to believe to be powerful enough to turn these imagined laws into laws of nature. State and its indoctrination of masses follows.
The above don't cover plagiarism though.
@_date: 2014-10-15 12:24:01
It's not as horrifying as you make it out to be. For instance, you don't have to let "additional satoshis" be mined, or change how transactions are referenced.
You might even make it fully compatible with older software, but in that case anything below a satoshi would automatically become part of the mining fee.
@_date: 2014-09-19 14:44:07
Will any of that 40 million dollars go to the victims? I suspect not...
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:01:50
Sorry but you must have gotten it wrong. You've probably misread though, since what I say clearly doesn't read "you are either evil or stupid", but rather "I am evil or you are stupid". :\^)
Anyway, I'm not calling anyone stupid, just trying to make sense out of people who are clearly hostile without having a stake or engaging in debate.
What I meant was, the reason some people have a tendency to think poorly of people who think differently *and succeeding* is because they think they will look dumb otherwise. It is called cognitive dissonance and really not specific to this topic.
@_date: 2014-07-14 09:46:05
They are not valid, since he wasn't talking about a current situation, but calling it a "ludicrously bad idea" and "a scam" because of these reasons.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:38:22


Not really. You may end up with something quite complex, but it will still be specific, and therefore be incomparable in performance.


That would do the trick. But it is practically centralization.
@_date: 2014-09-12 08:58:53
What about Colored Coins?
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:53:43
Don't ever take off that shield.
@_date: 2014-09-03 05:43:08
I think neutral implies anarchistic.
@_date: 2014-07-23 00:27:19


[They killed close to 100 children this past month.](
@_date: 2014-08-26 12:28:37
* Ethereum et al.: Bitcoin almost accidentally began using a Turing-complete scripting language, but it was avoided at the last minute. It is safer to have a base system that doesn't support it. There are projects that have these features implemented on top of Bitcoin already. If you mean that Bitcoin should have better support, then I could maybe agree, but otherwise no.
* Combining PoW and PoS: I think Bitcoin will eventually adopt such a scheme, but it's very early to ask for it. There are many different proposals, none of which are proven to be safe as of yet.
* Namecoin: Satoshi was there when Namecoin bounty was being collected, and his opinion was implementing it as a separate blockchain. I was on the other camp back then, but now that I think about it, it was the best call.
* MaidSafe/Storj: Well, I'm not sure I understand what you propose here. Supporting proof of resource?


It is no one's job, really. It's not like someone made a better version of Bitcoin and the foundation decided to stop it.
It seems to me that the problem is not "Bitcoin devs" but devs in general. I agree that there is much to be done, but the idea that there is some group of developers that control these singular projects is wrong.
@_date: 2014-07-23 08:53:13
I don't think coinbase protects you if you have a compromised computer. You log in Coinbase with 2FA, it steals your money, but alters the page to show that your balance is intact. By the time you realize what's been going on, it's already over.
That concern is much better handled with multi-sig wallets which never give access to one of the required keys.
However, people are too accustomed to the concept of "account"s, so I'm more concerned about forgotten passwords, lack of backup discipline and cleartext private keys left out in the open.
@_date: 2014-08-07 13:00:27
If you have income in coins and you want to keep them as coins, converting small amounts through exchanges costs a lot and is sometimes just too much work. This card solves the problem. As far as I can tell, this lets you live on Bitcoin without having to have a bank account. It is a big deal.
If you have plenty of fiat you can spend, already have a bank account and a debit card, then it doesn't make that much sense for you.
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:50:41
It is enforceable. Coinbase accounts are not addresses. They can basically keep the money until they receive a proof of ID from the sender, then send it to the State after 5 years.
@_date: 2014-09-21 20:27:00
Well, they can absolutely cause inconvenience, but bittorrent runs under I2P just fine nonetheless.
@_date: 2014-07-01 08:41:38


Even so, I think the profile of bitcoiners and ProtonMail'ers overlap.
I hope you will at least consider giving the same perks to those who donate with Bitcoin.
If you want to convert on the fly, and give everyone a separate donation address (so that you can match donators with perks), you could use a payment processor like BitPay.
Of course you could also use a simpler system and keep the coins for future use. :)
@_date: 2014-10-14 11:27:50
Actually I already had Arch Linux on the device, so I just installed go (`pacman -S go`) and then followed the Installation section of btcd README. I haven't tried any other binary distribution. I use a memory stick to store the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-09-17 22:35:31
Yes. I've been updating often without problems so far. However, there is no standard configuration file yet, so I modify /var/lib/openbazaar/run.sh manually after each update (at least for bitmessage settings).
@_date: 2014-07-18 00:02:23
Do those who have the ability to merge also have the ability to make people run that version?
@_date: 2014-09-09 23:05:21
By the way, the recovery process tries hard to make it very hard to guess the real seed, but I can't vouch for the security of using the recovery on a compromised computer. 24 words would have a huge advantage there.
@_date: 2014-07-18 20:00:59
(Responded in the edit.)
Sure, I think the law is so ridiculous that people would choose to just bypass it instead of trying to comply.
@_date: 2014-09-20 17:07:43


Is it really in English, or was that a translation?
@_date: 2014-09-10 07:18:03
Yes, radio signals could be passively recorded. You could use encrypted communications, but I have no idea how it will affect the whole experience (payment time/processor costs/battery life). It would likely still be a far easier process than visual processing though.
Regarding other concerns, you can make it impossible for the device to show/broadcast any data that can be used to create transactions that are not explicitly confirmed by the user. This protects against a much wider range of potential attacks.
I don't know if it's at all possible, but one vulnerability could be a signal that impersonates the POS device that is actively being communicated with and changes the Bitcoin address. Again, using a certificate system and displaying the cryptographically verified name of the POS on the device protects the user against a wider range of potential attacks.
So, it seems the disagreement is about the principles of security. I think it's best to develop strong measures rather than using stop gaps for situations that are easier to imagine.
Instead of sacrificing convenience to gain little by doing communications over QR, I would worry about measures against actual theft. Trezor gets away with putting a keypad on the device with a clever trick, but I'm not sure it would appeal to the mainstream audience.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:08:45
This is very shortsighted. CPU's and ASIC's are not things from different universes. All you will ever accomplish with this mindset is requiring a bigger and better chip than what we have seen till now.
Also, ASIC's are not the only sort of specialization, but they can be distributed easily, and work efficiently everywhere. I don't see a convincing argument for thinking they have a naturally more centralizing effect. Even a magically CPU requiring algorithm can be made efficient enough with specialized hardware to make it impossible to mine with a generic computer. You don't really need a x1000 gain, x2 is quite enough. 
@_date: 2014-09-07 09:57:47
I don't think carrying the keys around has ever been a problem. What we need is standalone devices that can sign transactions securely.
@_date: 2014-09-04 07:07:57
What I understand is, he is trying to recruit more programmers. If you are very cynical, you could say that he may be attempting to politically push the idea of extracting more manpower and contributions from mainstream companies.


How do you derive that? I don't see any conflicts anywhere.
@_date: 2014-09-06 22:01:11
What do you think about the Neo900? Granted, it relies on many technologies that can't be developed in-house, but it looks like a start?
I agree with your general analysis, while also feeling some guilt about not dedicating any mental power towards these issues. Throwing some personal money at it is obviously not the best way to contribute, but maybe the Bitcoin community could be willing to support if there is a worthy project, which could help a bit at least.
@_date: 2014-09-05 07:54:56


I don't think such a thing exists. These ideas only seem to work when the scale is small.


Then the "mining is subsidized by inflation" criticism of Bitcoin, which IMHO isn't very clear to say the least, becomes a real concern for Primecoin. I don't know if it is an appropriate solution to mining incentives.


OK, I'll dig deeper into this. You have raised the same concern on the other thread too, so I guess it's time for me to get more informed in the politics.


It depends on whether we will let it happen. Will we? If you say is true, and there indeed is a drop-in replacement that can "cure" Bitcoin, I'm sure someone will implement it if it isn't the Foundation. Then we can switch to that and be done with it. I think this is a far more likely outcome.
@_date: 2014-08-24 19:07:19
That argument doesn't work for open source projects though. If you were doing a better job, I'm pretty sure we would be using your version.
@_date: 2014-09-06 22:25:22
It *is* a problem waiting for a solution.
I think it can be done through something like an ever increasing number of "shares" (don't know what word to use here) of a codebase, where all "shareholders" have a proportional right to issue and assign shares to contributors based on the importance if the contribution. The initial distribution would obviously be done by the original contributor, or a project leader, which may result in some tension.
Of course, this isn't even worth experimenting with a low amount of potential donations.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:36:53
Think of it as a free market of ideas. The protocol has to evolve, and these ideas are both subject to rigorous debate and testing (on testnet for instance). On top of that, adoption of these proposals are still subject to forces of free market, as there is no way to force people into accepting any change. Anyone who likes can join in the debate, testing and implementation, work on awareness about these changes and individually accept or reject them.
I think all of this is orthogonal to creating a company. You can offer a service and in the meantime work on improving the protocol, which would benefit you and the others.
If the concern is an inefficiency in the decision making process, then it's time to join in the open groups that work on them.
@_date: 2014-09-05 10:22:20


Any solution/change regarding these issues will *always* be a fork. No one has a special power to magically upgrade the network without causing a fork.
Anyone who thinks it matters who coded the change or which entity promoted the fork is ascribing unnecessary power to some authority. This is a natural meritocracy, and users will always choose the fork that supports their interests.
@_date: 2014-07-24 07:04:42
You do realize USA practically bullied the banking system to playing by their rules? This is not only happening because USD is the currency used and therefore they have authority over all these transactions (which hopefully makes it obvious to anyone why no sovereign authority wants banks to deal with BTC), but the various agreements they made banks sign with the threat of pushing them out of the game.
In essence, the bank did things USA didn't want (and not something illegal under French law) and they are paying USA a fine, not some actually victimized party or anything. I'm not saying it's not legal, but how do you jump from here to "regulation is good"?


Yeah, that option is fine by me. What is so bad about that?
Besides, the difference between BNP and Bitcoin is, BNP actually consented to these agreements. Bitcoin is not some entity with a capacity of consent.
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:35:28
But you are still thinking in bitcoins. It won't be any different when you are thinking in bits. It's really not the same with dealing with a micro- prefix. I think the important part of this idea is getting rid of the unit "bitcoin" altogether, so "bits" won't be micro- anything. Maybe won't happen, but I like it.
@_date: 2014-08-19 11:18:53
I don't think "you are on your own" is the right perspective. You can be on your own, you could be using a service to help out, you could use intermediaries or even insurance. Bitcoin's ultimate appeal is its flexibility. You can observe how this confuses critics when it is claimed to be bad both because it's anonymous and completely not so.
A couple of days ago here, I was accused of lying because I claimed that I used dispute mediation of Bitcoin auction sites several times and it worked. I also used escrow services of reputable community members, and worked every time. Newer systems that utilize multi-sig for optional dispute mediation are much better, but I also read here and there in this sub that no such solutions exist, or they don't work, even though these "criticisms" are too entirely fictional. These get upvoted all the time.
So my conclusion is, we need integrated, fool-proof dispute mediation that utilizes standard protocols, so that users will automatically be aware of it and demand merchants to support this option. I know it's a jurisdictional nightmare, so I'm guessing it would be adopted in real free markets before the mainstream ones.
@_date: 2014-08-14 05:28:08
Can you have your government without forcing it on anyone else? That would create some ambiguity. Otherwise the answer is yes.
@_date: 2014-09-04 14:23:45
I totally agree. Check out my comment below that; my worry about a situation with very few mining centers is, their vulnerabilities to political powers becoming a concern for the network itself. For instance, imagine a situation where we have more than half of the mining power, in the form of easily discoverable stations, in a single political region.
@_date: 2014-10-31 06:12:38
People don't have a problem with becoming programmable drones as long as they're fed. What they don't realize is, transitioning to Orwell becomes easier as you come closer to Huxley's fiction.
@_date: 2014-07-13 10:46:27
Interesting, fun and safe, for sure.
Yet it's also an overreaction. People got screwed because of using very bad pseudo-random number generators, and now going the completely opposite direction where the security measure is just too far to be a weak link.
By all means use anything you like, but I wouldn't want to see too many people proposing this to newbies.
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:25:33
Well, the definition I use is the middle of both. It is valid USD if your bank has approval of the U.S. for the reserves it (and all other banks it has bilateral agreements with) holds.
I'm not claiming people's accounts don't have "valid USD", but rather the reserves conform with the U.S. regulations all around the world. This automatically happens because transfers go through NY.
&lt;redacted&gt; we won't ever be able to agree that it is the case by talking about it. :-)
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:27:13
Actually, as I said, not supporting people who create content you have liked, is also wrong. You just can't plausibly know who watched what, let alone liked it. That's why you try to control sharing.
It's the powerlessness to make the "right thing" into a "law of nature" that leads us to think this way. I would call it a specific crappiness of the Western rationality, but there aren't any alternative cultures left around to make a comparison.
Purposefully misleading people, and any forms of it, is wrong for completely different reasons. However, I don't have a judgment about whichever is more wrong. The main difference is, you can more easily identify and expose a fraud.
edit: grammar
@_date: 2014-07-01 19:12:49
Depends on education and the environment the person is raised in. For instance, if you are raised with a socialist indoctrination, you could think that a free market of goods would be cruel, inefficient and erosive. Same is happening here about free money.
It's not really an individual versus collective thing however. I can imagine someone firmly believing in the free market without thinking much about it making the same mistake about different ideas.
It's mostly about lack of imagination and personal insecurities. Mainly, if your peers can know better than the authorities, your propensity for obedience becomes a weakness, and you don't want that. What is easier; to start thinking, or belittle those who can?
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:37:43
You're right. In the ideal case, Bitcoin's value would follow world economic growth precisely, which would allow lending. I don't think it will ever happen, but I hope it does.
@_date: 2014-07-11 06:40:17
Well, the whole idea of money can be summed up as magical trading tokens.
I'm not saying everyone was excited about magic dollars per se, but the possibility of any sort of tokens being traded freely.
The difference between Bitcoin and these "backed" coins is, you don't have to trust any particular entity for Bitcoin, it's the general perception of thousands of other people you are interested in.
In the case of "backed" tokens, for instance if you are buying shares from a company using this system, you already have to trust them to operate the business properly, so it might not be that big a trust issue. With dollarcoins, you need to trust the dollar guy. Which may or may not be wise, especially because of regulatory questions.
@_date: 2014-07-21 14:03:55


So, regardless of whether or not someone from the New York State uses my service, the fact that I made a business decision not to provide "regulated services" to NY residents would suffice? What entails the "business decision", and how do I prove I made it?
I somehow doubt that. I think I am obligated to have plausible proof that my customers are not from the state. Which affects my business.
I will at least have to ask people who use my service to clearly state that they are not NY persons. But where does it say that this is enough?
@_date: 2014-09-02 10:57:01
Agreed. Thanks for the explanation.
@_date: 2014-07-23 08:04:09
Don't put words into my mouth please. I am all for bringing war criminals to justice. As long as the cost is not even a bigger crime. You are pretty much advocating for killing on average three adults and one child to get to one war criminal for using them as a human shield.
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:19:03
So, miners and shoppers are selling, and some people are buying. There may or may not be some "whales" that try to keep the price from falling too low. Very plausible. Presumably, since the intention of these "whales" is to prevent sell pressure, there has to be other market participants that are not reflected in the volume data (which were not mentioned). So far, so good.
But why would you see this as a fractal pattern and causally connect to the bubble/crash cycle? To me, charts at that scale pretty much look like what I would expect from a hype cycle.
@_date: 2014-10-15 06:52:59
Not really the same problem. Increasing Bitcoin's granularity is very easy. Your example is more like changing ECDSA.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:31:43


That's precisely the reason we should avoid decimal places. The choice of 100000000 units for BTC was arbitrary anyway.
@_date: 2014-09-17 14:04:39
It is a completely decentralized and open source initiative, so I suppose everyone is automatically invited. :-)
The Openbazaar software package already appeared on my Linux distro (Arch) so I didn't have to go and download, but the site has some guides.
To install Beta 1.0: 
Latest version on github: 
How to run on a remote server: 
@_date: 2014-06-30 07:51:16
If you're online, it is likely that you will not have to up your gap limit, as Electrum will know if the address has been used. For offline restore operations, you may need to increase it manually to make sure all private keys are generated.
@_date: 2014-08-28 12:38:57
Not too bad indeed. Maybe I'm too pessimistic. :-)
@_date: 2014-07-24 18:02:45


Because electrons have no meaning. In real life, bankC doesn't need to know about the transfer. All it needs to know is it is coming from a US based intermediary with the authentication of the federal banking system of USA. That is how the system works.
This is in essence the centralized analogue of double-spend prevention AND issuance we have in Bitcoin.


Well, it seems a bit far fetched to suggest that people might for instance be using IOU's of random Russian banks as a currency equivalent or in replacement of USD in Iran.
What does happen is banks having such debt relations between themselves, without the involvement of any other parties. However, accounts transacting with accounts in random banks is a completely different beast.
At best, you may be able to run such a scheme at a local scale in an area which is already gray listed. I think the burden of proof for this actually happening is on you with this one (since I don't know how this won't quickly become an isolated island of worthless USD tokens), and I am pretty much sure it can't be made to work on an international scale. 
The problem with your idea is, you are essentially trying to transfer something that doesn't have any value unless FED says so. You let customers convert these IOU backed virtual dollars into anything else (including USD banknotes) and you are not only at the mercy of the counterparty (and in turn their relation with FED), but risk the possibility of losing ALL your USD backing at the sole discretion of FED directly.
@_date: 2014-07-02 17:45:51
Let's hope that they are trying to implement the changes. Otherwise, yes. If they manage to do this, a lot of people would want to support their next offering.
@_date: 2014-09-01 09:51:54
Bitcoin is a computer network which preserves and populates a data table called the "blockchain".
This data table consists of "transactions" of numerical value between user-generated "addresses".
These addresses correspond to one or more "private keys" that are controlled by users. The party who knows the keys (which are purely numbers) have the authority to use the transactions that are made to the corresponding addresses.^* There are no impure/explicit enforcements about ownership.
By operating on a flat peer-to-peer network and not requiring an authority to generate the keys, Bitcoin does not define a hierarchy of control. Which, depending on your definition of the term, makes it naturally anarchistic, like many other technologies that work on a flat model.
(*) You may need to do some reading, but if you are into mathematics, you will realize that the blockchain in fact defines a graph where the total value of unspent outputs is less than or equal to the total amount of "bitcoins" that have been created till now. So even though the money supply increases in a predictable rate, it is often called a deflationary currency because of the hard restrictions.
@_date: 2014-08-24 05:51:22
That, and how am I supposed to send cash to anywhere?
@_date: 2014-09-06 07:05:21
I'm running btcd on a Raspberry Pi, and I have seen up to 125 connections (although, the norm seems to be 10-15), and I have 400 MB free memory on the device left. I'm assuming people would not connect to my node if it didn't function well.
It's quite easy and cheap to make these. Anything specific I should be concerned about?
@_date: 2014-09-04 09:43:35
Primecoin is an interesting experiment, but in my humble opinion, it is a useless innovation for this space.
Peercoin, and later Next, are some of the approaches that have merit. There has been many other proposals for using PoW and PoS together, too. I would love to see these integrated as a Bitcoin testnet.
@_date: 2014-09-22 21:12:49
They don't seem to be very active, then again ITER is doing nothing but burning money itself (estimated total costs is AFAIK 14 billion USD as of now), so there isn't any opportunity for publicity.
What's obvious to me is, we are absolutely doomed on this planet without fusion power. 
@_date: 2014-09-01 06:17:16


Who did that and where?
@_date: 2014-10-09 07:16:22
* It is 1 millionth of a bitcoin, i.e. micro-bitcoin, which is easier to translate if you start with bitcoins instead of satoshis.
* People are used to two decimal places in monetary representation, and coincidentally 1 satoshi is 0.01 XBT (or bit). It just fits.
* Satoshi isn't less arbitrary than the above, and the granularity can be changed relatively easily.
@_date: 2014-08-17 20:37:51
Attempts at closing ALL pools would be good news for Bitcoin. Not only because we have decent solutions like p2pool, there is a big room for improvement on this front which is currently neglected. It is actually a very good time in the evolution of the ecosystem to receive some attacks at the mining infrastructure.
Of course, they could force people into already compromised pools to increase the possibility of a future successful attack, so it's still better to move away from centralized pools regardless.
@_date: 2014-07-05 17:23:25
My question was about deflation. What happens when Bitcoin's value goes up 20%? This happens quite regularly now, within days, and even if we have very low volatility it will continue to happen only in longer intervals.
A big portion of Bitcoin's history is transparent. If you are the guy who borrowed 10K coins to pay a portion of your mortgage, now you will have to earn money enough to buy 20 houses to pay it back. Both the lender and the borrower get burned. The ones who have experimented with it were very brave, but they conclusively proved that equity is a much saner choice.
Debt works in fiat money because it is kept inflationary, interest rates are controlled, etc.
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:25:00
Guys, BitLicense is not some new kind of overreaching regulation invented by Mr. Lawsky. USA has been doing that exact thing for decades, and almost the totality of financial realm has complied long ago. Banks can't do business with you if you don't respect USA's sanctions. Foreign policies of your or the bank's country does not matter one bit. Fortunately, they (still) can't force you to service them.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:58:34
That's not OP's scenario though. I'm not saying they can control Bitcoin transactions, but they have all control over Coinbase transactions, even if inbound.
@_date: 2014-10-10 19:17:34


I know a professional banker who thinks Bitcoin will help end wars. Guess it is two dimensional, huh...
@_date: 2014-07-10 17:22:11
He is working on a USD backed Mastercoin token.
It is not an alternative to Bitcoin, it is a digital asset traded on the Bitcoin blockchain.
You should get used to this, because sooner or later, tens of these sorts of backed assets will have their own tradeable tokens, besides company shares, smart property and whatnot using one of the many technologies built on top of Bitcoin.
Everyone was excited about the possibility of this happening during the last year. Remember "currency is only the first application"?
@_date: 2014-07-15 19:57:23
This is a perfect problem for micro-payment channels to solve:
@_date: 2014-07-01 17:45:55
I tried, but judging by the comment history, I can't imagine him/her being a person with integrity.
@_date: 2014-09-21 09:14:17
Haven't tried myself, but: 
@_date: 2014-09-05 14:17:34
It's too much effort, but Bitcoin can't afford to keep PoW if a decent alternative becomes available, and looks like we will see some.
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:20:49


My interpretation: The main point of the cartoon is, currency is issued by rulers who convinced everyone that it represents something, while it tautologically represents "purchasing power". He's not saying that the fact that it is virtual is a bad thing, but believing otherwise is wrong. Governments issuing a currency is just as good as anyone else issuing a currency.
I think it is pro-freedom, which is not so different than being pro-bitcoin. It doesn't advocate specifically for Bitcoin though.
All in all, I find it brilliant. Thanks OP for sharing.
@_date: 2014-07-01 13:44:13
Because we have same sort of people here, that just happen to like Bitcoin. I don't think they are the majority though.
If the Internet won't make you a misanthrope, I don't know what will...
@_date: 2014-09-26 08:06:37
I'm getting really tired of the amount of downvotes on anything raising concerns. Discuss, people. Everyone is too trigger happy these days. This also goes to the brigade who upvote every cynical comment.
Back to topic, yes, consolidation of mining power into farms is a problem. It is unlikely for them to willingly collude against Bitcoin, but there are all kinds of attacks that have a better chance of succeeding as the number of targets get lower. Besides, if these somehow converge into some particular region (because of legal concerns, price of electricity, access to cheap devices, etc.), we will have more worries.
Even though I don't think this is an immediate concern, I hope that in the coming years we will have decided on one of the drop-in solutions that combines different techniques in a way to balance out each other's weaknesses.
@_date: 2014-08-20 15:13:00
There is a list of supported carriers. I checked that mine exists and tried the number, but didn't work. Will report to piiko, but can we get confirmation from Redditors who have tried this service in the meantime?
@_date: 2014-09-22 14:19:44


I tested it a couple of days ago, and I was actually surprised at both the looks and functionality.
@_date: 2014-07-11 14:22:55
Same here. It is just too easy to spend.
@_date: 2014-09-01 15:39:55


Without the concept of miners, sure, but I think we could do without some opposing group of miners (even if they are the totality of them at this point).


What I was proposing was to give ASIC miners enough time for a transition. So it is 200+ Ph/s for 2 years until the production of new devices and switch to new algorithms. Assuming an even smoother transition through concurrent algorithms is not possible of course.


Read my last paragraph. Someone will solve the problem, and preserve the money supply, as it is what's important for the currency.


If that is true for Bitcoin, some other system will emerge that will make that statement invalid. Luckily it isn't true. :-)
@_date: 2014-07-15 22:47:48
Ah, I thought we were talking about dynamic fares. Get in the car, begin payment, app automatically requests updated payments as you travel, complete payment as you get off. The ride is guaranteed to get the money for the actual work done, and the smartphone can optionally verify that it is accurate through GPS, so no user input is necessary.
Am I fixing the wrong problem?
@_date: 2014-10-15 10:30:08
But then they will agree without understanding. The word "democratic" is a political wildcard, it doesn't mean anything other than telling your opponent that you will now begin appealing to populistic sentiments.
Technically Bitcoin is not democratic in any way. Its eventual functionality is anarchistic, lower level mechanisms having elements of capitalism.
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:25:26
It's not even close to how it went down. Have a look at the topic I had linked and tell me which part of that time line is wrong.
@_date: 2014-09-22 10:33:02
I'm not saying it is more or less confusing, that sentence is about decimal places.
Using the same word for a different denomination is confusing. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 19:32:11
Their store accepts Bitcoin, and it seems you can just buy the code for streaming there (under "Buy With Bitcoin"): 
They should've made it more obvious though.
@_date: 2014-07-06 02:08:52
Yes, it would be too problematic for both you and the buyer if a bank is involved.
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:08:48
What does this have to do with shorting?
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:30:36
If we are talking about contemporary techniques (which is implied by the claim of existence of such coins), any sort of change and adaptation on this front by developers brings a degree of centralization. That is the primary reason algorithms are sticky.
However in theory, you can come up with a system that changes the mining algorithm itself by consensus. Formal proofs are really hard to reason about, but I can't claim that it can't be done. On the other hand, I don't think anyone is even working on something like this on the research level.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:14:27
Well, when you start making money off of it as a financial investment alone, you stop being an average Joe. The main question is whether the coins are consolidating in fewer hands, and I think the trend is in the opposite direction. The goal is not to eliminate the rich, but to decrease the barriers of entry for everyone. We need enough players with diverse interests to remove the risk of monopolistic behavior, but that's about it.
@_date: 2014-08-19 10:38:09
The problem is, when Bitcoin has enough liquidity and exchange coverage to be able to compete and win against giants like WU, people will already be able to use Bitcoin directly without conversion, so it seems skipping directly to that phase would be more efficient. I could be ridiculously wrong though.
@_date: 2014-09-02 19:45:40
Mark lost hundreds of thousands of other people's bitcoins, at the time worth more than half a billion dollars, through extreme incompetence and immediately attempted to blame the Bitcoin protocol, then extended his whitewashing attempts to sharing his wisdom about the necessity of physical security, everything being hackable and the like. (see: MtGox)
@_date: 2014-08-30 19:59:13
White is surprisingly handsome, possibly because of the high-contrast bright white on black screen.
@_date: 2014-10-15 13:00:37
But inputs aren't referenced by their value. Granted, you need to specify a value in the outputs, so whether older clients will be able to create new transactions will depend on how the change is implemented. You could still consider the old format valid, and since transaction fee is never referenced in the transaction (it is always total of inputs - total of outputs), the additional granularity will land in the miner's pocket.
Of course, I might be ridiculously misguided. Let's wait a few decades and hopefully see how it will happen. ;-)
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:43:28
Mentioning Satoshi is an appeal to emotion. I don't think Satoshi is a person who would care about such political nuances, nor I think he would or did join the Bitcoin Foundation.
The tech is there for people to use. Most of the community supported this tech. If not Mastercoin, then Colored Coins or Counterparty or many others. Now it's there and this guy is using it for its intended purpose. That is the ultimate case.
If you are afraid that this Realcoin will take over, don't worry, it won't. The main reason is, it carries a counterparty risk, and likely won't be as safe and stable as Bitcoin. Even if it does (which is a good thing in my book), dollars already exist as an alternative, and this will at most help people switch between Bitcoin and dollars more efficiently.
Bitcoin should have shown everyone that, eventually, what's important is merit. I suspect that people who get panicky, or people who are trigger happy with their down votes here, are in Bitcoin for the short term.
@_date: 2014-09-22 09:42:47
Why isn't this worldwide? Or is it?
@_date: 2014-09-22 11:29:02
But necessities are not absolute, so what I'm referring to is the demand (for instance for houses, at least by average cost) shrinking. It's apparent to me that the most money we spend is on things that add nothing to our happiness or productivity. The happiness part can be disputed, but if, for instance big ass houses, automatically increased productivity to match consumed resources, the latest big crisis wouldn't have taken place.
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:07:12


Depends on how you use it. In the end, you have to sign the transaction. The safest way of doing that is on a clean dedicated offline computer. Trezor is quite similar to this solution.
If you don't worry about your devices getting compromised, then you don't really have a use for Trezor.
However, even though I think I am competent at computer security, I still own and use Trezor because it's almost fool-proof. Which is a handy property if you share the wallet with other family members, or frequently test new software on your computers.
Regarding having all coins in one place; I think it depends on how much there is. Would I store a thousand coins in it? I'd probably use a self-devised offline solution, if only because I don't expect to be specifically targeted. Did I increase the size of my spending wallet? Definitely.
@_date: 2014-09-04 08:43:19


Yes it does. Miners leaving will leave other miners with more profit. Difficulty has heavily dropped before, so it's not unprecedented. The network handles it pretty smoothly.
There are a couple of scenarios that could be harmful to the network though. One example is, smaller miners leaving first and leaving more control to a bigger farms, which would make the network more vulnerable to attachers with political motives.
@_date: 2014-09-04 09:21:03


I completely understand, but this sort of "awareness raising" thing seems to be a trend for the last couple of weeks, so it is a bit suspect. I think people should point to specific concerns and their solutions that developers are resisting to, instead of complaining about lack of innovation. All of us want innovation. Without a productive debate about what can be done *in practice* (I'm talking about the actual code here), I don't see this being useful.
Regarding, other points, I think it is an ongoing discussion, and I've never witnessed a "public" debate of uninformed people being useful in these cases. People who care need to get themselves informed and do actual work towards to result they desire. I personally don't know which of the paths you mentioned is better; one leads to a worse outcome but easier to implement in an acceptable way, and the other one is a real challenge which is very hard to get right.
@_date: 2014-07-13 12:32:14
Apparently he did this exact same trick with a prior "enterprise" of his. If this testimony is true, then he's playing a dangerous game with the investors and the Cyprus Bitcoin community. That is why I am a bit skeptical, but if not I hope shared the info through a different channel, at least with the police.
@_date: 2014-09-20 10:35:34
I actually liked the level of silliness.
@_date: 2014-09-24 08:25:19
It's a good thing in terms of publicity and consumer trust. We are all a bit tired of hearing superficial comments about "drugs and hitmen", and it's becoming easier to counter them with arguments that are equivalent in superficiality.
I think the point is, it is not bad for Bitcoin, even though it doesn't add anything fundamentally. A "sinkhole" is still something that moves bitcoins to strong hands, which is the fairest distribution.
This may also be an indicator for businesses that policy makers are not clamping down on it anytime soon, which may be helpful if they are considering it for business to business transactions globally, which is a very important use case for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-21 09:08:15
Maybe. But if I was there in the 60s, I would have been part of the movement, too.
@_date: 2014-07-13 13:38:40
I sincerely don't know. The best idea for the investors seems to be:
* Find local lawyers in both jurisdictions that can work together and produce something tangible the investors can do. This can also clear up whether hiring a private investigator to discover these details has any legal problems attached.
* Physically go there and submit a complaint to the local authorities.
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:05:26
SEPA transfers are very cheap, even if not instant. Also, there are many exchanges that serve European customers. Americans were the ones having a hard time acquiring coins.
@_date: 2014-09-24 07:44:03
A lot of companies, including giants like Microsoft are working on this, with a centralized philosophy. To me, there is no question that decentralized systems can be much more useful and efficient, but how we attempt to get there has always been through being anti-theses to established centralized systems.
Maybe the prevailing opinion is that robotic self-ownership is ahead of its time. This includes autonomous corporations, or even companies transparently self-regulating on the blockchain that use people as decision makers.
I don't agree with that though. The problem isn't even funding, but lack of brainpower allocation and a good strategy. The latter, for instance, has been an obstacle for Linux, which resulted in us having devices built on it that are too controlling.
Also, we need a better buzzword for the decentralized computation network (as opposed to "cloud", which is merely distributed). :-)
@_date: 2014-07-19 20:00:10
For instance (in addition to the wiki link vuce provided): 
It's better to read the proposals yourself.
The ways you can combine them should be limitless, so we just need to pick one that is good enough. There is also more than enough time for developers to come up with the solution.
By the way, can someone explain to me why I am being voted down? What I say should be pretty obvious, and it in no way indicates something "bad" about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-09-07 09:47:33
Makes sense, it's much easier to determine the value of to-do items relative to each other. 
Speaking about decentralization, what I had envisioned was a network of interdependent projects, which in themselves are networks of contributors, which form a weighted graph. So, for instance, when I donate to Electrum, a minuscule portion of it goes to, say, Python, which is proportionally distributed to its contributors.
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:09:43
Depends on the critique really.
I see many people with good questions and interesting opinions get voted down here because of the reasons you stated. It is a hindrance to constructive debate.
I also see many bitter people who shifted from once being too proud to engage in debate, to pure trolling. It's not the doing of Bitcoin though, any sort of change in the status quo brings this sort of people out. They are the type who love making and receiving appeals to authority, and lack imagination. The ailment is not related to any ideology.
By the way, if most of the world saw the same thing I see in Bitcoin, we wouldn't even be having this conversation. I don't understand what there is to admit? It is obvious, and we all know it.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:05:41
Post says Dogechain wallet is using it, so it must be?
@_date: 2014-09-02 01:01:39
I'm a bit reluctant to give this as an example since it's not been tested thoroughly, but I've been running btcd on a Raspberry Pi with a USB stick plugged in, and it seems to be operating pretty smoothly with around 15 connections and still leaves me plenty of RAM to do other stuff.
@_date: 2014-09-19 19:44:39
Good point. Besides, there was a pyramid-like formation going on with the pass-throughs and whatnot, so there were others who made money off of it besides the ones who exited early.
@_date: 2014-09-22 10:23:39
Is anonymizing technologies a counterbalance against global surveillance? Is the Internet itself a counterbalance against totalitarian control of information flow?
Same goes for Bitcoin. As long as it exists, they have to do better. It really doesn't have to dominate.
@_date: 2014-09-01 13:09:17


No, both protocols would function in parallel.
@_date: 2014-07-19 12:17:12
Bitcoin should move away from being solely dependent on competition of energy expenditure, otherwise it can't protect itself from colluding governments. Most of the mixed PoS/PoW proposals I've read so far seem to make sense, so I'm not so worried.
@_date: 2014-07-21 08:38:56
Depends on how you count. If you look at it as meaningless data, the possible combinations are magnitudes higher than the number of particles in the observable universe.
Even if you assume that the genes are all there is in the genetic data (which I think has fallen out of favor long ago), and that only 1000 of them have an alternative form, it would give you around 10^300 combinations, which is interestingly still magnitudes higher than the number of particles in the universe.
Basically, private key generation doesn't even come close. Yet it is practically impossible to generate the same key in different conditions. Large numbers are confusing.
@_date: 2014-09-14 08:04:13
They are effectively destroying them since these machines lose all usefulness in a couple of months.
Don't you find it even slightly harmful to take these calculating machines offline, even if there wasn't any important amount of evil vegetables in the place?
@_date: 2014-07-15 23:00:53
No one who doesn't have a desperate need to believe in the narrative really thinks it makes sense, and the rest don't really look for reason anyway.
I'm not an optimist. I know that me and those I love will suffer at the hands of this sort of people one way or the other, be it an economic collapse, all out war or a milder type of oppression, but I'm pretty sure that Bitcoin will still be here when we survive.
@_date: 2014-07-16 11:51:05
While engaging in political activism (which never works), don't also forget to put some obfuscation and deniability measures in place for your own protection.
@_date: 2014-09-22 07:45:09
"Fusion power is vastly inferior to fossil fuels, because there isn't even a single net positive plant."
Yes, could work in the limited context of short term investment strategies, but these remarks very easily get taken out of context.
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:27:46
OP makes me believe that this is a guy from trying to "make fun", and both you (assuming OP's not you of course) and prospective donors have fallen for it.
@_date: 2014-09-09 23:12:07
I don't know about Pokemon, but I worked with a business selling Magic cards, and they let employees opt for them (at the wholesale cost) as a part of their wage.
If the business already accepts BTC, they can pay in BTC as well. If volatility is a problem, the exact value can be set accordingly.
As I said, the paperwork involved would be a pain in the ass for big businesses. Otherwise I fail to comprehend why you are making a huge philosophical problem out of it.
@_date: 2014-08-19 13:45:59
e.g. 
Though my conclusion mostly applies to new generation solutions like darkwallet, openbazaar, etc.
@_date: 2014-09-24 07:12:37
Can you provide a link to the article please?
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:29:15
You are clearly not an existentialist, so I will try to spare you obvious criticisms as much as possible. Except that I sense a bit of incoherence in you proposing a human project which is obviously not the agenda of any society. You are likely, as a "wise man", trying to steer the society into conforming with your vision of it, just as I think you have the right and duty to.
I understand that it mostly fits with your "not aligning with, but not circumventing either" idea though. Then again, what you propose perfectly aligns with not getting off this planet but instead actively working on destroying it if most others think so, or more tangibly, bombing the shit out of powerless peoples to gain access to resources (presumably to get off this planet?).
I will also spare you other criticisms involving having been born in somewhere like North Korea for instance. You already know that your proposal is in a complete conflict with the idea of human rights, though I am personally not a fan either (for different reasons).


Isn't your education the most valuable inherited asset? Add your well-being to that if you are healthy. I honestly don't think "you can leave" convention conforms with your belief system. How do you justify that?


But, since wise men have the right to steer society to conform with what they think is right, isn't it in a way a mandate in itself? What makes you think that you know the broader goals of the human project?


Sure, though I will continue to help people prosper and not fall into the same mishaps because of the accumulation of risk that destroys economies. I don't think you have the right to decide what the will of the society is. When you come up with a scientific method to measure what peoples' needs and wants really are, completely insulated from mainstream pressure (which requires far more than just asking uninformed people to pick from a list of options every once in a while), then I might move a bit closer to what you envision. For it to not lead to totalitarian religion, your scientific method also needs to account for personal biases that don't really benefit the person when scaled up, or otherwise we will never leave this planet.


This is, I believe, complete nonsense. All of what you say are your norms. So I'll break my promise...
You are a part of a society. You are also a human being. You are also a mammal, and you are also a living thing. And have mass. There is a great deal of things that you are, that come before what you say we are. But before all that, you *are*. These are all your decisions. Even these perceptions you have are a product of a normative process.
And finally, you are apparently trying to empathize with society, and look through its perspective. I won't claim that you can't do that. However, the thing you are empathizing with is not the society, but a mental construct.
@_date: 2014-09-01 09:11:23
Mining market is very dynamic, and if you phase in changes in protocols in a long enough time (i.e.year(s)), you won't hurt anyone. No, the real reason is that these solutions are not proven or mature enough. Too few *smart* people are working on the network, that's pretty much the only problem.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:54:19


I don't understand why you don't call it enforcement. You can't get the money if they don't know the sender. They can either send the money back, or confiscate it. In practice they would never send it back without ID verification, so they would steal it.
I sincerely don't understand which point you are objecting to.
EDIT: Ah, I get it. No, I don't mean "enforcement of finding out who sent them". Enforcement in this case means enforcing the law. It almost never means making people behave the way you want them to, it mostly involves not letting people get away with it. In this case, they can make it so that such a transaction never takes place. That is what I call enforcement.
@_date: 2014-09-23 06:06:07
Some items that come to mind:
* How long will a micropayment channel remain open? If it's a month (AFAIK it can be any interval), then this is more doable.
* Some companies/charities might have multiple nodes up and use the same address, potentially reducing the number of eventual transactions.
* Simply paying per node is easy and I have no problems with having to pay more to access long distances, but some might. Is there a secure way of determining a complete set of nodes used?
* Depending on when the payment takes place, some nodes might constantly change identification to scam users. If new nodes have low priority though, this would also lower their chances of getting routed through. An additional measure could be making the first few bytes free by default. Ideas?
* I would expect some monopolistic behavior from long-distance operators, but this also applies to censorship, etc. Competition would fix this, even better when monetary incentive is present.
All in all, I think it would work.
@_date: 2014-07-22 10:32:01
An anarchist is essentially a person who believes that a group of people can be collectively rational purely by their individual incentives. They are the buffer of people who will always do what's best for the network.
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:52:03
So... All the Bitcoin that will ever be created is 21 trillion bits? Actually, that sounds more like a global currency.
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:10:51
I meant to talk about design though. For instance, I imagine Colored Coins will never support computational stuff you can do on Ethereum, but Etherium is likely going to support everything you can do with Colored Coins. I might be completely wrong though.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:13:57


I would laugh, but this shit is not funny anymore.
@_date: 2014-08-13 08:10:06
Hear hear. I'm just upset it's not vegan by default. Not that I am vegan, but it doesn't really make sense to have animals as a requirement just for some oil.
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:25:38
My wife memorized the seed pretty easily, and as a backup I have a copy of the secret in the form of multiple parts (2-of-3), each kept in a different location with a different method.
Which leaves out the possibility of me and my wife dying at the same time, and my family being somehow unable to recover the seed. I am currently taking care of this, but it is a bit more complicated.
A bit off-topic, but, I like how Trezor works even if you enter a "wrong" password.
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:57:21
If you haven't already, give it a try. It's a good piece of software with many useful functions, even if you don't need the privacy features. Beta though.
All the points you listed are (at least currently) more or less wrong at first glance. I think what he wants Bitcoin to become is leaking into his rhetoric about what it currently is, just like all the other public speakers do in their own way. This is how I interpret:
1. In the ideal case, Bitcoin is less efficient than centralized payment systems, since the latter has to do far less. Decentralization has a purpose, and it is not computational efficiency or reduced latency. *(However, if you include all factors, from dangers of regulatory capture to systemic risks, it could be argued that Bitcoin is indeed a better mechanism.)*
2. Computational cost per transaction is high because of mining rewards. *(This is an odd way to look at it, since if we magically removed mining rewards, it's almost certain that difficulty would collapse, and average transaction fees are likely to converge to an amount determined by required security. It's hard to tell if it would be higher than credit card fees though. I think unsystem guys want to keep the maximum block size at 1MB, which would definitely result in high fees. All in all, I don't think Bitcoin will keep the limit, and I don't think the fees will ever be as high as credit card fees.)*
3. Secure transactions require multiple confirmations, which can take up to an hour. *(Again, unsystem guys don't want people to rely on zero confirmation transactions, even though they are currently "good enough" for what they are used for. This issue has been debated ad nauseam, and remains to be mostly normative.)*
4. Since the very same team developed software that brings consumer protection into Bitcoin, this is obviously pure rhetoric that urges people to see the system as a whole as Amir sees it.
@_date: 2014-07-23 09:09:09
You kill 4 hostages to get to one guy. This can be only be justified if you have suffered equivalent civilian losses. Don't you at least agree with this? Or is it clear to you that all hostages must be killed if necessary if there is a potential for such losses? That is how sovereign authorities operate, and I am saying that it is a crime, clear and simple.
I actually claim that this mentality, **of both sides**, created the conflict from nothing.
Also, as I said in the other comment, they will always need to defend themselves as long as the region remains a shithole. That doesn't mean that going on the offensive works. Do you really think that Israel is in a better position now that they have killed hundreds of innocent civilians?
@_date: 2014-09-09 16:42:59
Well, data is data.
Transmitting data through QR or radio makes no difference. Therefore you are likely worried about the device actively transmitting data out, which is a bit odd since if you don't trust the firmware, it can also leak the same data through QR, or just generate weak keys.
The idea is using an immutable device, which does a very simple task. Not being able to execute foreign code, and doing a very simple task makes these devices very hard to exploit. Putting an antenna on the device won't magically make it more or less vulnerable.
@_date: 2014-09-01 13:46:30


Not really. Two reasons:
* Because of the rate in which ASICs get obsoleted and new ones designed, even a year time is quite enough for the industry to transition as if nothing has happened. Make it two years just to be safe.
* Even if you ignore the above fact, assuming miners are the only group that are dragging their feet, building up a decent amount of hashing power isn't that hard for Bitcoin.
Ultimately, as long as the functionality is the same, letting go of the money supply for technical reasons is just pointless. The underlying technical challenges are not, and should not be the users' concern. That's why the service providers, developers, merchants, exchanges, etc. will always go for a near-consensus with safe transition.
@_date: 2014-08-29 06:14:38
If you are indeed inviting GGC people for a statement, why a headline saying "already made up my mind thank you"?
@_date: 2014-09-21 20:51:43
I wasn't necessarily talking about Tor, but for instance have you tried connecting over a bridge? I'm not sure how they can detect that, if the bridge IP isn't public. If they can, I would say it's a problem with Tor.
Although, I'm also not sure if such workarounds would be that useful if we want anyone to be able to connect. However, such a campaign would already have put off the ordinary user, so jumping through simple hoops might not be that big of a problem for the remaining users.
@_date: 2014-07-18 20:07:14
No. An enforceable law means you can punish agents who don't comply with it. So, on the contrary, I think your definition is unusual for this context.
Either way, if it's only semantics, there is nothing to debate about really.
@_date: 2014-09-26 14:34:33
I find being "encouraged" to act in a particular way through control of my environment indignifying. I don't want that for myself, or people I respect.
Do I need someone to appoint me as a political scientist to hold this opinion?
This is a normative issue. I'm sure mild inflation does wonders for GDP. Does it make it a good thing automatically?
Sorry for bothering your highness with my ignorant rant.
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:38:46
Depends on where you put the implant. Can it be sexually transmitted?
@_date: 2014-07-08 12:11:50


Luckily I'm not in the U.S., and I don't even have to pay capital gains on it, but I think your problems can be solved merely with a very basic wallet feature. For instance Electrum could do it with a simple API connection to the exchange you buy coins from. Manual entry can also be enough if you don't buy often. Of course it would be easier if you buy from and spend from, say, your Coinbase account, and they calculated this on the fly.
Instead of implementing this feature for each different wallet, a standalone tool that can connect to different exchanges and wallets could solve it as well.
It makes no sense to have to calculate it manually, as the data is already there. Once set up, it won't waste the user's time.
EDIT: Attempted to fix my lousy English.
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:04:58
As I said, every sovereign operates like this, but that doesn't mean it's just. 100 children and god knows how many civilians for 3 Israeli teenagers is not a good deal to get. Thinking like this just ends in more bloodshed. Cui bono?
You need to get down to why Hamas would kill every Jewish person on the planet. I don't think it's justified or anything. But this all began with the nonsense of both Arab nationalism and Jewish nationalism. They are a reflection of each other.
Yes, Israel is very powerful. Why do you imagine them using this power to kill every Palestinian, but not imagine them ending this cycle of death?
@_date: 2014-09-04 09:10:51
Similar, but keep in mind that Bitcoin is never democratic, even at the "mining" layer.
Although there is a legitimate concern about consolidation, I don't think the incentive structure will lead us to an actually centralized situation. I rather fear the possibility of a handful of mining farms getting compromised simultaneously by an attacker without direct profit motive.
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:53:26
Miners decide what amount of data will have to be preserved on behalf of the whole current and future network. This makes Bitcoin's architecture much simpler, but does not provide ideal incentives. Which in turn makes it very hard to rely on our imagination about future problems. Also, all it takes is a compromised pool server and you might end up with a gigabyte sized block full of trash.
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:07:09
This USA definition of "libertarian", the focus on taxation, and its criticisms feel to artificial and remote to me. My response was factually correct, and I still get downvoted, and interpreted in a very weird way.
So, yes, I think I have to pay for the services I receive. However, to justify your uncalled for hostility, I think you need to propose practical ways to opt-out, too.
@_date: 2014-07-08 19:33:38
18 bits @_date: 2014-07-07 11:29:25
Roger Ver is just a guy, and apparently doing something worthwhile because people are supporting him. And he's donating his own money. Why do you care so much? Ah, yes, because Ver has a duty to behave in a way to increase Bitcoin adoption by people you personally identify as "normal". Because?
Bitcoin is here because it allows this sort of thing. Why do *you* support Bitcoin anyway?
Yeah, and to all you about to downvote... Well...
@_date: 2014-09-20 10:40:35
Well, you could run it on a remote server (or probably a tiny local machine like Raspberry Pi):
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:22:25
This is really comprehensive, thank you.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:36:47
Most people with the ability to contribute to meaningful debates either already left, or only post concise responses to technical questions, while troll traffic kept increasing. The true closed loop will happen when only naive investors and trolls are left.
@_date: 2014-09-23 12:01:23
So, you won't be putting your money where your mouth is... Because something something. Got it.
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:08:55
* Quite the contrary. I think Bitcoin, together with its group of technologies, are essential tools to build that society. We need them *right now*. When the use cases become mind bogglingly obvious, it will already be too late.
I'll break the second one into two:
* Without the "law enforcement" item, the "investment" item still requires courts. It is where we currently are. With that addition, fraud risk will be highly decreased as you will be able to demand all operations be transparent. It can't be completely removed as long as humans are involved, but courts don't protect from most possibilities either. As with the first item, you should be able to use both. Abolishing governments or courts is not necessary for this scheme to provide extra efficiency. At the very least, it removes intermediaries from the the exchange of shares and profit distribution.
* So, you are a guy from Bucharest, have a tiny business idea and need investment. What do you need to do in order to gather micro-investments from random people in Vancouver and Shenzen? It is a multi millon dollars worth of barrier of entry. The only things you can do is either borrow money, or try to sell it to a capitalist.
As it happens, I have been involved these partnership documents of my own, and also have invested in foreign startups. It is a major headache. For the most compact startup I invested in, in a developed nation, I had to first be an "accredited investor" (i.e. 1+ million wealth, so there goes any hope for little guys act without paying the costs of nannying), and even then costs weren't minuscule. The legal protection this allows me is not foolproof either, since I still have to trust the people I invest in. The real "protection" is achieved by locking everyday people out. I actually don't think it's a bad idea, but we can build a system in which we don't need it.
Not to mention the troubles involved in transferring shares.
I have also invested in many Bitcoin related companies around the globe, with zero cost and for volumes as low as a few cents. Granted, many of these turn out to be dead investments, and the rest are hyped so much that the everyday guy gets burned often even if the business remains sound.
The new generation of systems will reduce these problems while building on the advantages. It is actually trivial to protect investors from the worst players who plan to run with the investment. Until recently, I thought the next step would be implementing a trust network. However, as it turns out, the better option is to eliminate trust altogether. You can do the complete accounting, provably, on a peer-to-peer network, and cryptographically require approval of multiple parties, and even majority consent of investors themselves. A trust network might still be required to identify trusted professionals if the whole regime is pushed underground through excessive legislation.
I'm pretty convinced that, when these technologies are available (which is soon), it will be good enough to have changed Marx's mind on the woes of capitalism. The insurmountable problem lies in the legal barriers. The governmental system needs to let go of its duty as a nanny, at least selectively. I don't believe it will happen this way, but it could be as easy as investors signing a document (hopefully with a digital counterpart) with the State for opting out of the "protection". The system also needs to let go of its firm control of money flow.
@_date: 2014-07-07 10:08:19
Weapons, maybe. But drugs? I'm not so sure.
On one hand, people are stupid. That's why I agree with your point about weapons. I'm against prohibition, but I also don't have sympathy for people who distribute them. Luckily, Silk Road wasn't involved in that sort of thing.
Drugs is a different matter. I for one think that people should be using psychedelic substances much more than they do now, like almost all of our ancestors did. It is an important part of the human experience, and quite frankly one of the most important things that you need to do in order to figure out what life is. Of course, it doesn't empower any political grand scheme, and that's why it's prohibited.
Regarding side-effects; I think if these things were never made illegal, we would have plenty of tests and measures to make sure nothing bad happens to people who try these out. They are already non-addictive and safer than, say, paragliding, and most of the accidents involve being in a situation where help is not readily available. People who help distribute knowledge about these drugs and markets which make sure people get quality drugs are a step in the right direction.
I don't condone the use of any other sort of drug (what's the utility, really?), but the general point is, who am I to judge? I know my kids could have problems with them, and I can feel powerless at one point, but going the other way and trying to play god over mostly naturally occurring substances has proven to be immensely harmful anyway. Knowledge, tradition and tightly knit communities would be a better way to fight these instead of top-down rule. Now, what we have are ignorant fear mongers who think they know enough just because they bow down to the right authority.
@_date: 2014-07-24 12:26:53
Don't be demagogical. We are not talking about smuggling banknotes in trucks, we are talking about bank transfers.
Read the material, and others you may find and ponder a bit about where this USD you are talking about exists. It is a hierarchy of information. There is no atomic "I gave you USD now" transactions between banks. This information has to be communicated upwards, just like how Bitcoin transactions are broadcast to all nodes. As Bitcoin transactions become confirmed through confirmation of mining nodes, USD transactions get confirmed through the US banking system. The same is true for all fiat currency transactions, not just USD. It is a technical limitation.


If it is a bank transfer, absolutely yes.
There isn't anything you can "devise" do move USD from this bank to the bank next door, other than banknotes and change.
If you want to bet, we can do that. But go ask someone who has worked on international money laundering operations in a bank and I'm sure you will get my point.
@_date: 2014-09-22 07:19:13
Interesting. So the proposed method is basically blocking all encrypted traffic with an untrusted certificate. It is effectively whitelisting (even though some of it is done through global issuers). There aren't very many things you can do against whitelisting, but also it is mostly applicable to corporate networks.
The most effective defense would be encapsulating inside an allowed encryption protocol. Another (which is likely not very viable for Tor, but good enough for Bitcoin) is using steganography.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:19:07
Well, at least one achievement has been unlocked. Newegg is accepting Bitcoins. That much is true. They currently convert it into USD, just as they do with EUR.
However, they don't internally use Bitcoin as a currency. I agree that it would be a far greater achievement if they begin to do so, but I don't expect it for at least a couple of years, if ever.
@_date: 2014-09-14 23:24:47
What do you guys think about [AZ-europe](
@_date: 2014-07-22 19:59:22
I'd like to stand behind my explanation, at least as the common argument of all schools of anarchism. For instance capitalist anarchists, even though they might not like the word "collective", still believe that an anarchist society will not be dominated by market failures. The main difference is in how collective rationality is achieved. This is also why the free market is sometimes viewed as a persona.
@_date: 2014-07-04 14:15:44
Am I the only one that is not satisfied with their definition(s) of "virtual currency"?
Who says bitcoins are a digital representation of value? They don't represent anything other than themselves, unlike dollars or Linden dollars where someone somewhere defines who controls them and what utility they have.
Bitcoins are purely data, indirectly derivable from numbers in a public database. The entries in this database (the so-called "transactions") can be associated with something external, but there is no strict category of things that they have to be associated with. Like chat logs, they can be telling anything, and nothing written and accepted anywhere tells that they have to represent value transfer.
Therefore, I think I am free to believe what the numbers I have on my computer mean. Not because they are "numbers" (any information can be converted to a number), but because there is nothing other than my personal beliefs that dictates what they are.
Other than this rant, I have nothing against the paper. It is actually unexpectedly positive.
@_date: 2014-07-03 08:46:23
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:18:39
Nothing mysterious about the upvotes. There are tons of buttcoin accounts that upvote anything that can confuse newcomers. Real criticism and informative responses get neglected and tiresome cynical rhetoric gets pumped. Pretty standard when the price is not rapidly moving up, in which case all we see is "to the moon" nonsense.
@_date: 2014-07-11 13:24:02


Indeed. Humanity has all the tools it needs and more. Did their use of violence against people who use recreational drugs helped with anything at all? Did their invasion of everyone's privacy help with "terrorism"?
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:56:29
Number of active wallets would have been a good statistic to have.
@_date: 2014-08-16 06:52:13
Well, I have successfully asked for a chargeback a couple of times on Bitcoin auction sites; never had a problem. It will be even better when both the auction system and dispute mediation is decentralized.
@_date: 2014-07-10 07:43:50
The backer is a counterparty.
Therefore the article totally misses the point. It talks about some unknown "major flaws" of Bitcoin. Which apparently can be fixed by Brock working on them instead of creating a dollar backed token system. It almost looks like a troll piece written so that the critical reader would think Realcoin is actually a good idea.
A dollar backed crypto-currency would be nice, but it can't be done without counterparty risk. It is basically worse than e-gold from a regulatory perspective. If that approach could be made to work, Bitcoin would never need to exist.
What I'm wondering is, whether this can be done with multiple backers bound by a cryptographic contract (e.g. a separate auditing institution that issues temporary certificates with a maximum volume attached). I think it is possible with OpenTransactions, but no idea about Mastercoin.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:41:16
"Keeping" by itself doesn't help anyone, other than hodlers, and for the short run.
On the other hand, if they could pay some portion of their costs (salaries, IT services, etc.) in Bitcoin, then it would help the economy grow. It's not really that unrealistic.
@_date: 2014-07-23 08:20:59
What Wikipedia says conforms with what I have read in my local news sources during the events. The Wikipedia page is just a handy collection, not an authoritative source. As I said, if you tell me which part of it is wrong, I may be able to consider.
Stratfor indeed seems to claim that June 14 rockets precipitated the conflict. However Hamas launches rockets regularly (they did it just 3 days ago, and 1 day later too). Those on June 14 didn't even cause property damage. Don't you even question why the report mentions that single strike as the cause? 
I'm not saying Hamas rockets are justified. However, again, I don't think it is just to trade an offense for an offense. End the cycle of death. Take in the rockets. Pronounce dedication for non-violence. This is the only option if you don't want to prolong the conflict. It will not happen though.
@_date: 2014-07-25 11:31:03
So a bank in Argentina can create USD with gold backing?
Yes, they can owe USD with gold collateral, but these relations don't extend to a much greater extent than pairs of banks in agreement.


Well, I think you imagine I don't get what you mean by this, but I do. I'm not talking about a hierarchy of banking institutions, but the hierarchy of authority on the reserves dictated by the nature of what gives fiat currency value.
Anyway, let's agree to disagree. Let me know when you manage to make a transfer in USD which doesn't go through NY.
@_date: 2014-09-05 06:13:03
In the meantime, I signed up on the 1st and now have received 5 spam e-mails saying something is FREE!!! and I am so lucky.
@_date: 2014-07-12 07:02:53
I admire your optimism. Maybe I'm getting old, but I feel like 15 years from now, no one will even be debating these cases. Hope I'm wrong.
@_date: 2014-07-13 09:35:12
I have no problems with bottom-up economic enforcement. Individuals policing the system is perfectly fine. However the category they are entering seems to be:


Which makes appealing to State enforcement pretty much a requirement. Other than that, I think it's an interesting idea.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:07:24
If you think it is a good investment, you can buy it right now. Time doesn't particularly help with accumulating, and inflation of the money supply isn't fast enough to make waiting very beneficial, even if the community was somehow one single organized entity.
Regarding what we should wish for, there are two aspects. On one hand, if Bitcoin penetrates quickly enough, regulators will have a harder time persuading the public that it is evil. On the other hand, slower growth would result in a better environment for development.
@_date: 2014-09-22 17:00:14
This looks surprisingly good.
@_date: 2014-07-06 01:22:16
Also, there are possible improvements for off-chain transactions that would make them much more practical, like having different providers communicate with each other. I'm looking at you OpenTransactions.
@_date: 2014-10-13 15:06:44
I run a [btcd]( full node on a RasPi B and I think it is pretty healthy (10-20 connections and plenty of free memory for other tasks). CPU is the bottleneck.
On the other hand, there is no way Bitcoin Core will run without problems on the device.
@_date: 2014-09-08 13:52:15
Well, you look at me, and see an Austrian "economist" "enthusiastic ancap" "carpet bagger" (whatever it means), none of which is, well, exactly true. That makes me truly believe you are from By the way, if you are going to accuse someone of pumping, look for someone who is **not** saying the price is going to decline.
EDIT: For completeness' sake, I'm not telling investors to be patient, merely pointing out to the OP that expecting such matters to be resolved in so little time is unrealistic. If you cared to read the rest of my comment, you would realize that I don't see euphoria as a positive. It's best for Bitcoin to grow slowly and organically.
@_date: 2014-09-24 06:11:33
The point is, if you know it's going to go down, you can borrow it with interest. You don't have to submit to a certain type of contract that will screw you if it goes up 50% or 1000% in between.
Regardless, check out the top rated comments in this thread. Most people voting here don't even understand the topic being discussed.
@_date: 2014-09-22 07:40:28
I like that scenario. But since they won't be able to support all this by directly absorbing wealth through monetary policy, they would likely resort to more invasive techniques. More ridiculous patriotic indoctrination for your kids and more engineered inside and outside threats.
It's best to just let it go and behave. /s
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:36:56
Thusly, Professor Bitcorn has been vindicated!
Let me be the first one to put a bitcorn in circulation. @_date: 2014-07-24 14:00:23
So, bankA "transferred" some USD to bankB. How does bankC know that the transfer is indeed authentic and the USD corresponds to real USD backed by the USA?
Notes in trucks and electronic transfer have no relation with each other at an operational level. Again, you really have to think and understand how this system works and where the money "resides". It is an important step in understanding what kind of power being the world's reserve currency gives to the USA.
If you want to find a way for banks and governments to transfer money between countries without the consent of USA, why are you trying to invent conspiracies using USD? They can use whichever fiat currency they see most convenient and more easily devise workarounds to bypass sanctions. This, in turn, moves these banks (actually whole countries who don't enforce their banks into compliance) to gray lists.
As a side note, even if we ignore that there is absolutely no reason for banks to be involved for "transfers" done in banknotes, USA still has the same enforcement power if they don't like what you're doing. A very negligible amount of USD is in the form of banknotes, really. The billions you envision that are moved around in trucks, or banks that can do electronic USD transfers against USA's sanctions, do not exist.
@_date: 2014-09-09 17:01:18
This seems like a false sense of security to me. You are trying to defend the user against a compromised firmware, which simply cannot be done. Other than that, I don't see any potential advantage.
@_date: 2014-07-23 07:33:44


Maybe. And by rationalizing murder of children, you are giving Israel a win.
It is important for me for us to find a middle ground, since it is partly how the world views the situation that this conflict is going on.
You are telling me that it was clear for Hamas that Israel would retaliate, and they would massacre innocent civilians (it's not Hamas' civilians though, so I find your wording very frightening) to do so. If Hamas is the only guilty party here, with your reasoning, Israel has fallen into their trap. Accurate so far?
I'm merely saying that not playing this game is a perfectly possible option, and "respect for human life" explicitly dictates that this is the only option.
@_date: 2014-09-02 08:11:44
So, you are basically saying that you can trust your Trezor as much as you trust any hardware you use to transact Bitcoin. Fine by me I guess.
@_date: 2014-07-10 08:46:25
State is in the business of controlling things. That's not because it is run by evil people, it is the nature of the structure, and it is our choice whether to support it or not. I like to see it as a natural phenomenon, which we in turn have a responsibility to adapt/control/avoid/remove.
CV guys might be doing this with good intentions, but once businesses begin to depend on it, the State will continuously force them to extend their reach, which they will. It is inevitable.
@_date: 2014-08-28 11:35:40
* Needs a better logo and website design
* More PR
* Probably better business connections (e.g. they could convince some of the more popular Bitcoin based projects to seek funding there)
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:26:28
They are not operating a virtual currency business, they don't need a "bitlicense", so they would be able to invest in whatever they please, just like any other legal person who hasn't signed such a deal with the state.
Having said that, I don't understand how you would be able to buy something from a company who uses a Bitcoin payment gateway (which are indeed virtual currency businesses), without getting ID verified by that intermediary first. Even if you are not a NY person, if they have a BitLicense, you would have to verify to prove that you are not NY. And if you are a NY person and they don't have a license, they will be breaking the law.
Just can't wrap my head around the retardation. I'm guessing none of these payment services would be able to accept payments from NY residents, and we will all have to confirm that before payment.
@_date: 2014-09-26 09:09:17
If it was me, I would just create a private key on an offline wallet (any one of them would do), encode it with Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme (ssss), print out the parts (or write them down or copy them to resilient media) and store them in different locations. No extra key derivation scheme means it's less likely to become obsoleted. Bitcoin Armory can do this for you, but you don't really need it.
Electrum is fine if you want to use multiple addresses. Still, you need to take care of your seed securely (ssss is still an option). If you go down this path, make copies of Electrum's source code. It will definitely be obsoleted in 20 years time, but you can always recover the algorithm if you have the source.
Memorizing Electrum's seed is pretty easy, but then you will have access.
Another, easier solution is just printing out BIP38 encrypted paper wallets. You can make multiple copies of each.
Some things to keep in mind:
* Test your setup (recover your wallet fully) before you send any money to this address. Maybe even try spending with a test setup first with a disposable amount of money.
* Reliably destroy all copies of functional wallets after you're done.
* Sending a time-locked e-mail to a loved one in case you are gone might be a good idea. In this case, don't put all the details in the text. Maybe, share one of the secrets physically beforehand.
* Make copies of the source codes for the software you used as a minor precaution.
@_date: 2014-09-20 05:46:48
Then they will slowly zoom on your laughing psychopathic face while rotating the image. A colorful scarf would help a lot though.
@_date: 2014-07-24 07:54:27
Okay, I agree. I think people just find the idea of big corporations being given a free pass more dramatic, and it's easily stated anyway. I don't know about U.S., but I have heard bank managers going to jail because they signed something (among hundreds they sign everyday) that doesn't conform with regulations. On the other hand, higher ups are pretty much protected from all this, which I think is contributing to the outrage.
I don't think you need to operate "from New York" to be subject to U.S. laws. Just transacting in USD is enough (everything "conceptually" goes through New York anyway). Not only that, but working within the same banking structure means you need to abide by International agreements, even if you don't deal in USD.
@_date: 2014-09-09 19:04:30
You can make sure the keys are never dumped, but can be backed up, by displaying the seed only when a new one is randomly generated.
EDIT: May I ask which hardware wallets have the ability to dump keys? (Ah, and another method is making the wallet one-way, i.e. can only load keys but never dump.)
@_date: 2014-09-20 21:40:20
USD is massively used in drug and weapons trade. I don't know where you see the difference between Bitcoin and USD here?
Sure, Bitcoin can be transferred online, fairly privately. Cash USD is almost completely untraceable and incomparably more liquid. I don't think there is an immense difference in the amount of utility there, only different functionality.
Plus, by giving USD legitimacy, you are directly supporting those who regulate the currency and their actions, which are far worse than what bad players in a free economy can ever hope to accomplish.
What is indisputable is the fact that you don't think you are actively supporting USD, so only "purchasing BTC" appears to you like an active decision. But both are actions. Increasing your support of the Bitcoin economy and decreasing the same amount for the USD economy will not empower narco-trafficking warlords. At best, it would steal some of that market and steer it towards a safer route.
@_date: 2014-07-18 13:33:11
If anyone from NY is using your "currency", you are a criminal.
@_date: 2014-07-18 09:18:22
Our incumbent oligarchs have been indoctrinating peoples for generations over generations, changing rhetoric to fit the dissent of the day after every major awakening.
So, yes, they are better armed, and not only with guns, but with decent folk.
And the people will not wake up because they are not free to do things. What sort of life they are supposed to live and be grateful for is already a part of the program.
The only chance is to compete and succeed as a more peaceful and prosperous system. We only have information technologies on our side, nothing else. We have to simply be better in every way.
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:02:49
Well, the coins in circulations are diluted, so while it is already reflected in the price, it doesn't mean that it doesn't cost.
Calling it a cost per transaction is idiotic, however.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:29:19
kbit is already confusing. It used to mean 2^10 bits, but now it means 1000 bits, and 2^10 is a kibibit, or Kibit.
Just like we don't use kilodollars. Also, as Borax said, it causes an extra "bit" of confusion.
EDIT: For clarity, I think "thousand bits" is better than "kilobit". :-)
@_date: 2014-07-02 11:38:59
Looks nice. It would be useful if you happen to use a weak phrase. Other than that, I think throwing in a couple of extra letters is easier than using a complicated algorithm.
I don't think the world is ready for brainwallets in general though.
The only way I will create one is locally, using generic tools. This actually saves time because I don't need to review the application, or try to find and read reviewers. I also don't need specific tools or remember extra information to reconstruct the keys.
@_date: 2014-07-04 09:33:07
I actually think prominent bitcoiners are more restrained with their predictions. "It could also go to zero" or "it's a risky investment" is repeated in general. Did Bitcorn say it could also go to the moon?
Also, even the Jesus, with his bold predictions, knows how to back his words with a pledge. What does Bitcorn have to lose, really? He failed spectacularly many times, but it seems there is no end to his predictions in sight.
By the way, it's apples and oranges to compare an Internet subforum and mainstream finance. An Internet thing can't be boring, it's almost a metaphysical restriction.
@_date: 2014-07-13 10:48:12
It's like saying Internet is complicated because you can use Tor.
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:03:00
Do you have verification of his government issued Photo ID and proof of address?
@_date: 2014-07-25 13:46:32


The subject is especially not banknotes or derivatives or gold, why do you even mention that?


Just look up Ecuador's capital outflow tax.


USD transfers between Sudan and Cuba you mean?


Principles? Yes. Application? No.
@_date: 2014-07-09 17:37:14
Mostly various investments, some donations for a couple software projects I was involved in, selling stuff (e.g. domain names), some tiny amounts of interest from lending (experiments really).
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:32:24
Why a coin based on Bitcoin, and not the CryptoNote protocol? It looks inherently better if your goal is untraceability.
@_date: 2014-07-19 09:27:14
I think the idea is:


They could supply custom Bitcoin Core versions or other implementations of the protocol. I think there is need for mission specific software on this front, and they don't involve forking the chain.
Think of it this way. RedHat could easily fork the TCP/IP protocol and come up with their own, better version. If there is demand, why not? But they had plenty to improve without breaking such compatibilities.
@_date: 2014-07-09 19:48:53
That most of the world doesn't see the value we do in it.
@_date: 2014-07-11 12:51:55
You *would* say that, wouldn't you? ;)
@_date: 2014-09-22 14:07:02
They probably use Twitter, Facebook and Google though. And I bet their OS of choice is Windows. Regulatoriat, you know what to do...
@_date: 2014-07-26 07:41:03
The point is, nobody cares anyway.
The OP maybe has a point, not because they can't go and try to get singular wallets, but because they would have to actively do that. Quite similar to gold. In the alternative case, they can just press a button and access anyone's or everyone's money. It is a collective advantage, but not necessarily an individual one.
So the below is only for those who have a huge stash and somehow bragged about it to untrusted parties:
* Don't let them know the addresses in your savings wallet (some obfuscation while transferring to/from might be useful)
* Don't keep an electronic or physical copy of your savings wallet that can be identified (memorize seed and regenerate cold wallet in memory when needed)
* Transfer your old savings wallet slowly to a new one and make it look like random expenditures (come up with some scam you invested in), but leave some
* Give the seed to this one, only after getting the rubber hose a couple of times so that it looks believable
@_date: 2014-07-05 00:25:59
Organization bylaws and enforcement
@_date: 2014-07-02 11:26:51
BitNet? Sounds adequate.
If we can put enough nodes in orbit, we could call that part of the network SkyNet.
@_date: 2014-09-23 21:53:30
Increase in value of the block reward you mean. Since it decreases at a predetermined rate in bitcoins, it depends on how fast the value of bitcoins will increase.
Besides, it's hard to imagine that the protocol will not change in time.
@_date: 2014-09-09 21:07:01
You do what makes your employees happy if you don't have anything to lose. It not only increases performance, but helps build up an organization culture. Been on both sides.
The problem is, implementing such changes is very hard for larger companies like the ones you mentioned. So I don't expect them to pay employees in Bitcoin right away because there won't be enough demand for the initial expense to be worth it. Unless they think they could use it as a publicity gimmick.
@_date: 2014-07-16 07:14:30
You're right, but keep in mind that we are not the target audience. It's hard for me to imagine someone from outside the community hearing it the first time though.
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:12:31
I agree, those skill sets and businesses will still be relevant. However, access and barriers of entry are also an important part of the game. In all likelihood, Bitcoin will have a flattening affect on the hierarchy of power, in which "Wall Street" has a very privileged position. Money isn't flowing into these institutions solely because of the merits of financial professionals.
Of course this is pure speculation based on the idea that structures contaminated by Bitcoin have a natural tendency to resist privilege and authority. Even though decentralized platforms can give rise to many sorts of profitable financial businesses, I don't see any reason for the current financial industry to desire to be a part of such a paradigm shift.
@_date: 2014-07-24 06:47:10
I downvoted because:


If a drug loving government hating Bitcoiner talks like this, I do vote them down, too.


The allegation is colluding with a person who in turn sells coins on Silk Road.
So not only vulgar attempts at humiliation, it is intentional spin to incite public outrage.
If you aren't being paid, you're doing it wrong.
@_date: 2014-08-14 04:30:34


I'm sure there is a misunderstanding here. I don't think you can generate food from meat more efficiently than directly from plants, and there will always be a huge difference, biodynamic or not. That was the difference I was talking about.
Coincidentally I am currently at an organic farm, and I can see with my own eyes how much these animals consume, especially if they are to be healthy.
@_date: 2014-09-24 07:16:29
Nice try.
Some of his posts have a point. I even upvoted Hodldown a couple of days ago. So that happens with trolls, since, you know, they are actual people in the end.
'Troll' doesn't mean someone you don't agree with. It is a type of rhetoric, we all sometimes use, even unknowingly, when we want to cling on to our beliefs, or try to appear wise. These forum identities do it exclusively, and call it comedy, therefore are labeled as trolls.
The label doesn't matter though. If you are *willing to* engage in constructive debate, regardless of your position, you are not 'trolling'.
@_date: 2014-09-01 13:57:04
I wasn't talking about the miners. As I said, users decide which protocol they run, either directly or indirectly through services they use. They can decide whether the millions of dollars worth of mining power is really all that necessary.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:45:20


That would require a dynamic algorithm.


Well, if you read my [other comment]( I was actually talking about the same thing.
Actually I have worked on something like this many years ago, in a different area of computing. I can imagine it can be adopted by crypto-currencies, but I think it requires a ton of research to be honest.
@_date: 2014-09-02 16:53:42


Well, that's what I said. Or is this sarcasm? :-)
@_date: 2014-07-11 13:29:55
Looks like they received a phone call from someone higher up in the global oligarchy.
@_date: 2014-07-25 07:21:06


Because you are not trying to answer the question. How can bankC know that the money is backed by FED? This is quite different from a bankA &lt;-&gt; bankB debt relation.
You want them to trust that ALL USD in bankB is connected to FED somehow through a complicated graph of IOU's. Even if FED didn't exist, they would still need access to the information.
In the derivatives case, there are still centralized registries, which have approval of respective authorities. These authorities become massage passing agents. For USD, you could have the local government step in and check if the total debt corresponds to the FED's accounts, but they won't become party to transactions of banks other than the central bank.
In which case, I can't imagine what the SWIFT message will say when one of the accounts in this system wants to transfer USD to a foreign account. The originating bank needs to route through the IOU chain and the bank with the actual reserves need to fake a message to its correspondent in NY. If the graph is complicated and amount is high enough, multiple SWIFT transactions might need to be faked.
Even if this could be done, I don't think this makes you immune to U.S. laws at all. In the end, FED still can cut you off and rob you of your USD. Then you pay billions (they just need to alter a value in their own database), settle and put things in the way FED wants.
Still, I'm not a banking professional, just an ordinary guy who has done some research. When I said burden of proof, I meant it. If something like this is going on, just give me a keyword (region, bank, etc.) and I'll do the research.


There is, but it is a hierarchy. Messages eventually have to conform with the centralized registry.


It does work like this for foreign fiat currency. All the other assets you mentioned also have their own centralized registries. Exception is real gold, banknotes, etc. that carry their value on the item alone. These are subject to audits and reports of a different nature.
@_date: 2014-09-07 11:42:19


Not at all. Take, for instance, [Trezor]( Since keys never have to leave the device, ever, and the contents are both secured with a pin and optional symmetric encryption, it is as secure as it gets.
Another example, which hasn't been developed yet is [Bitcoincard](
Trezor is more convenient than it actually appears. What we need is more variation and competition, support for different sorts of communication interfaces, different form factors, etc.
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:14:35
Makes sense. They may actually reveal the total amount of USD made from the auction without a FOI request, although I think we would still have to wait for the dollar transfers to go through.
@_date: 2014-09-19 10:55:35
Are there any marketplaces that accept Bitcoin? If not, why not?
This seems like an ideal use case for Bitcoin, and it is (relatively) very easy to build Bitcoin-only. The marketplace could make money by offering extra services instead of acting as an intermediary.
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:01:50
Haven't thought of this before, and you are probably right. What large sentiment traders do is supposed to have a normalizing effect by being both against euphoria and despair, but they might in fact be negating the trend. Focusing on being useful is probably the best "strategy" if you want this thing to succeed.
@_date: 2014-07-07 12:30:00
* Colored Coins
* Mastercoin
* Counterparty
* NXT
* Ethereum
* Orisi
* BitShares
* OpenTransactions
* Ripple
Am I missing any?
So my questions are, which one of these:
1. is the most feature complete?
2. will eventually be the best way to issue and trade shares?
3. has features that allow autonomous organizations?
4. has the widest feature set?
5. deserves the most support in your opinion?
6. can be implemented in a better symbiosis with Bitcoin / should be separated from Bitcoin?
If the questions are naive or don't make sense, I'm interested in that as well. I read a couple of articles covering these topics, but maybe particular opinions might further help me and other people who are curious.
Thank you.
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:14:11
Minor version releases are supposed to *not* introduce new features. That doesn't mean those are not already coded and being tested. You will just have to wait until these are ready for mainstream use, or just join the testing efforts.
@_date: 2014-10-31 08:24:21
This doesn't expose you to the risk of theft by the server, but the private keys have to remain unencrypted in memory. Then again, if your computer is comprised, theft is inevitable anyway.
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:11:05
Well, if it is about the kids, then they could let parents decide whether their kids need explicit protection. I have no problems about my kids trying out new things as long as I am involved in the process, and I am perfectly capable of supervision, but they will get jailed in the case of drugs regardless of what I think is right for them. The worst thing is, this sort of nannying prevents some beneficial sorts of relations from forming, and kids are pulled into unhealthy relationships with broken people. That's why drugs are less of a problem in societies that allow people to reason about them relatively freely.
@_date: 2014-07-21 14:44:20
But I may be servicing people who are subject to their oversight without my knowledge, and they can easily prove it.
A checkbox on a web form could be enough for businesses that already have some info on their customers, but almost none of the fully digital Bitcoin services do.
Ultimately, is ignorance of the fact a plausible defense? Will I be able to claim that I did necessary diligence by offering a checkbox?
@_date: 2014-09-19 16:51:45
So, they deserved it because they were stupid. Then why punish the guy? Also, it was a worldwide scam, why does the USA get to keep the spoils? /s
@_date: 2014-09-17 17:32:28
Yes, putty is actually a fancy GUI for ssh. This should have worked:
    # ssh user -L 8888:127.0.0.1:8888
Did you try to connect to  afterwards?
@_date: 2014-09-02 00:17:21
We are talking about a protocol change, with different headers and everything, so these would be completely separate incompatible networks which don't accept each other's blocks. In that case you would be installing different clients I suppose. There is much speculation to be made, depending on why and how the change was decided and put into effect. In the basic example of a mining algorithm change, the difficulty would be reset and the new fork should receive blocks in the approximated rate.
In an ordinary chain forking situation however, your Bitcoin node downloads all blocks and selects the greatest-difficulty chain (i.e. the one that statistically has most computational power spent on) as the legitimate one.
@_date: 2014-09-12 05:56:31
Always having a refund address at hand seems to be essential. Payment protocol to the rescue!
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:21:43
Well, it's the only thing a currency being distributed from scratch *can* do. I think in the long run Bitcoin will be more volatile than some fiat currencies and less volatile than some others. Central banks aren't a magical solution to instability.
@_date: 2014-09-06 06:04:52


There are no other USB devices that do signing *on* the device that I know of.


There is no reason it can't work with an SPV solution. You're right that software support is lacking (Electrum supports it, but not on the stable version), but I think it works the other way round. If the device has merit, people need to know about it and ask other developers to begin supporting it.


Yet another reason to have mainstream articles about it to introduce the concept to laymen.
@_date: 2014-09-04 08:37:51


I also think better methods will emerge in time, but are there already implemented and well tested drop in replacements? I think that is a requirement for being "obviously better".
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:37:00
Possibly your interpretation of what they are saying is wrong, or you are attributing one idiot's rationale to everyone who have used the same phrase.
As the OP said, utility is directly proportional to liquidity. But the price is not solely determined by liquidity. A variety of factors, like velocity, do also affect the exchange value of coins established at the market. So while price is important as an indicator, you can't base your utility measure directly on the price.
@_date: 2014-07-14 09:39:25
This has been done a thousand times, I sure as hell don't want to see one more. If you are interested, dig out the forums and you will find hundreds of comprehensive highlights, though I think Quora page already have more than enough responses.
Then again, raising 2011 posts from the dead isn't classy either. Wait until they have historical value. Bitcoin didn't get here by gloating (if not counting increased motivation supplied by gloating trolls), but it can go down because of it.
@_date: 2014-09-01 14:23:47
Aren't we already assuming the developers are supporting the change? Then the *direct* users would have to bother with **not** switching.
Actually even if you ignore that, the way I think, them not caring is the reason near-consensus is even possible in a network this big.
So considering myself; I use MyTrezor, Electrum and Mycelium, I have accounts on a couple of exchanges, I buy from a couple of merchants (which use established service providers). I actually run bitcoin core and btcd to support the net, but I don't actually use them as wallets.
Interestingly I hadn't realized this before, but I am always using an intermediary to connect to the network. Assuming ordinary users are in a similar position, these intermediaries are likely going to make the decision for them.
Again, assuming there isn't some sort of cartel behavior going on (which I don't think is likely, at least in the grand scheme), the criteria for consensus would both be security and convenience. The former ensures that they will have to find a balance between current mining power and future security infrastructure.
@_date: 2014-08-16 06:37:40
@_date: 2014-09-03 11:31:11
What are the barriers that exist between productive groups in different regions or belong to different cultures and which ones can Bitcoin and related technologies help eliminate? How can we make it easier for a graphic artist in South Africa come together with a group of programmers in Brazil and a writer in Russia to get something done and get funding from all over the world if need be? Which tools can help, and what are the remaining challenges that need to be overcome?
@_date: 2014-09-06 18:20:38
Find seed money. Who said loans are even a good way of starting business?
@_date: 2014-09-20 18:39:05
You are supposed to back up your claim. Then again, you would be voted down even more. :-)
I don't think that cultists (assuming it means people who are ideologically driven) are doing the downvoting. Mostly the pumpers.
Back on topic; are they scared? It's probably not the right word, since their reaction is very ordinary. Do they want to discourage everyone? Do they have an ulterior motive? Of course.
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:49:10
I thought it was a collection of intelligent kids from different schools.
@_date: 2014-08-13 07:43:37
Well, sort of... Meat demands so much from the environment that organic/non-organic difference (even though big in itself) can be considered minuscule. If you somehow got rid of the meat production, I think we could do fine with mostly organic, at least as an option.
I'm personally not sure that there is a considerable benefit of eating organic though.
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:57:41
Or [Mycelium Local Trader](
@_date: 2014-10-08 07:38:03
It's not certain, as cqm didn't come with a full proposal. If there is a way to make it elastic with incentives against spam (for instance by removing the hard limit and requiring an average fee per transaction block-wide, even though that dynamic fee value now becomes the problem to solve), then it's best of both worlds.
I was actually expecting them to solve this exact problem, with a clever idea that connects self-adjusting minimum fees to block size. 50% per year means they couldn't come up with one.
@_date: 2014-07-11 19:09:15
I actually didn't want to make it sound like I did, or you could, replace fiat with Bitcoin altogether currently. Also, the question obviously applies if you already have coins to spend.
In my case, there are plenty of online services that have things I am interested in, which accept Bitcoin. I have a Bitcoin client on my laptop which launches when I click a Bitcoin URL, so paying is just quicker.
For a more extreme example that affects my judgment, my experience when buying plane tickets with a credit card have always been terrible. A couple of times I had to spend a good part of the day on the phone and on the way to local representatives because of credit card issues. Maybe I'm just unlucky, I don't know. But since there are no names attached to coins and no possibility of chargebacks, there really is no practical use for agencies and in turn airlines to ask for a ton of information and then try to confirm them to prevent fraud. I can't board the plane without a passport anyway, so there are no security concerns regarding the flight. In the end, paying with Bitcoin costs less for me, is *much* faster and passports and cards don't even need to come out of the closet.
Of course, your mileage may vary depending on your circumstances.
@_date: 2014-09-01 21:33:15
To add to what others have said; the fact that some people getting disconnected from the economy is a bad outcome for everyone, leads to consensus seeking behavior, which I think is the best political grounds for a decentralized system.
@_date: 2014-09-23 12:08:03


So you're saying that brokers which don't supply their own coins for liquidity are safe? (e.g. Bitfinex)
@_date: 2014-07-09 17:49:04
Any background in the area to support your claims?
I didn't say it was fun. I just said it isn't less fun than any other bullshit job.
And what is admirable? Flipping burgers? What is your obsession about sex? It is meat touching meat. God knows why you are making such a big deal out of it.
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:28:55
Yeah, that would definitely fork Bitcoin into Imperialcoin and Rebelcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:13:29
Would be funny if this turned out to be what's depressing the price.
@_date: 2014-09-19 12:37:01
Exactly. I think people are wary of recommending that on public forums, since it requires some prior knowledge of the person. On the other hand, it is an excellent way of getting introduced to bitcoin. If you can program, design, write or do research, there is a good chance you can earn bitcoins online.
@_date: 2014-09-14 23:19:53
Engage in many forms of global commercial activity without having to prove that you are a perfectly cool human being to unrelated third parties.
Actually you could be an alien robot, and still make bitcoins by writing code for puny humans and get fresh batteries delivered to your doorstep. You can choose to be measured solely by your merit.
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:26:34
Yeah, that sort of tape doesn't come of very easily. If it looked good, I'd say keep it though. Maybe it can be bundled with a comprehensive response and framed for everyone to see. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 20:46:38
Right. That gives you some deniability, but there is still an obvious connection, and a case could be made for ownership, for instance if you transferred the full amount in the account. An attacker who is observing the destination and who has all available information on Coinbase would likely flag you.
It quickly becomes very hard to analyze after each new transaction though. It is possible to achieve very good privacy by being careful, but you need to have a very good understanding of both network security and Bitcoin.
One thing to keep in mind is, how you connect to the network (directly, through a wallet server, etc.) and how you construct these transactions is important to preserve your privacy. That's why people prefer mixing (with blind signatures if available) and divide the amount in separate wallets/purses as a "fool-proof" solution. I haven't really analyzed it thoroughly, but Dark Wallet looks like a useful tool.
@_date: 2014-11-05 07:45:48
Both are data, I don't see what difference you see there. An HD seed is like a paper wallet that contains infinite subwallets with infinite addresses in them, which is also memorizable if one chooses. The thing that makes them more useful for cold storage is the ability deal with change addresses.
@_date: 2014-09-22 08:25:41




This makes me think that you are new to the idea of OpenTransactions. It predates all altcoins, and is not really very comparable in functionality.


The blockchain is indispensable, but also very limiting. I think a distributed, instantly confirming, light and easily programmable protocol built on top of the currency is a very good idea.
I agree with your point on innovation, but OT doesn't necessarily replace the altcoin concept, yet does away with the silly rationale for most of them.
@_date: 2014-09-20 18:31:50
And you know, dollars can't be used to pay for illegal activity. They have an embedded cocaine shield which deflects illegal activity and excites the user to become more vigilant.
@_date: 2014-09-24 18:36:32
Here, have a biscuit. Although, it's against this sub's rules to ask for bitcoins.
BitcoinTip did reward new users with coins based on karma. Maybe ChangeTip could enable donations to be used for that purpose, it would be very helpful for beginners.
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:27:59
Keep in mind that Bitcoin is an open system. All standards these entities currently use were at one point [some discussion]( on some forum. As long as enough people of this community does what makes sense to them instead of worrying about commons issues, the Bitcoin movement will not get stuck in chicken-and-egg problems.
@_date: 2014-07-01 20:39:35
Never getting tired of being wrong, they keep determining the conclusive facts about Bitcoin, year after year.
@_date: 2014-09-11 14:14:57
Also [Destinia](
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:07:43
Can't we at least wait until 131072 so that it's a round number? What is this obsession with 5?
@_date: 2014-09-20 05:42:08
Obvious, but people just love gobbling this sort of shit up. "Oh, does this new piece of drivel help me ignore that I've been supporting an evil death machine that created hell on Earth all along? Give me more of this! Next I'll watch a talk show about how war is bad and vote for the good guy they tell me about and I'll be cleansed."
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:23:17


But who programmed the parents? 8\^)
You are both right I think. There are very smart people in the government, but that doesn't mean we can call government smart. State happens because of how people think. But there is also a feedback mechanism. They control the education system, and plenty of intimidation power to cause adaptive preference formation.
But what about those who comprehend what they are actually doing, are they diabolical? Probably not. If they weren't doing what they are doing, someone else would, and it might have been even worse. I think they have a theory of, and a plan for all of us. My conclusion is that the "evil" (don't like using this word, but it's a shortcut) comes from people's tendency to delegate responsibility, which in turn is a result of existential angst.
A free person is the one who knows that the world is solely their responsibility. People who control the State are not statists, they are more like us, they are free. It's easy to blame them, but also not very hard to understand them. This part might be a bit off-topic though, since the bureaucrats who use these persuasion techniques on us could be of the sort that think they are doing the right thing because of their conditioning.
@_date: 2014-09-05 07:45:31


The "extent" has never changed since these problematic aspects have been written about in forums and the wiki years ago, though.
I have been assuming that we have always known that there are two relatively easier ways out of scaling problems. One is having higher fees and moving instantly confirming day-to-day transactions to lighter protocols (OpenTransactions is a good fit, but it's not the only one), and the other is adding distributed layers to help with the shortcomings of an inefficient topology.


There is another potential outcome than centralization, which is increased vulnerability. We can have low fees and low hashrate. People might be content with it if the threat of an attack by political powers is assumed to be lower than currently anticipated.
As I said, even though I understand the concern, the development energy is spread thin, and the entire cryptocurrency scene is becoming very vulnerable to division. I don't think getting all panicky while still remaining outside of the development effort can help more than harm.
@_date: 2014-07-11 20:20:52
Actually PayPal worked for me pretty well, and I used their dispute mediation too. I had to move a couple of times, and since they didn't support international accounts, I had to create a new one each time. I just decided I don't need it at one point and didn't apply anew.
EDIT: I just realized that you were asking why it is "refreshing". Well, basically having to deal with banks and a PayPal account goes hand in hand. I have nothing against the company, I just hate bureaucracy and having to ask permission and explain myself, which is applicable to the banking connection, not PayPal itself.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:54:22
As far as I can recall, this is the source:
Before that, it was mostly yellow. Or so I remember.
@_date: 2014-09-01 06:40:58
Bitcoin isn't special alright. The more astounding thing is the amount of sheer effort they put into this. Then again, trolling Bitcoiners is apparently an abundant energy source.
@_date: 2014-09-24 20:32:52
If they will be implementing merchant support, deposit support seems redundant and in my opinion, not preferable for the long run. If the current trend continues, you will be able to use any wallet you like and spend at Paypal merchants. You can manage your personal finances and make person-to-person transfers in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-30 10:02:26
Yes. Electrum can both scan and display QR codes.
It can also transfer transaction data this way, which is very useful for offline wallets.
@_date: 2015-01-04 10:33:14
That was always a given. We are just trying to create a space that we can breathe in.
@_date: 2014-09-19 12:07:37
Me too. My N900 died and I decided to give Android a shot without a Google account. F-Droid is cool, and found another repository that does some degree of verification. These could support Bitcoin for non-free apps, but couldn't find any that does.
Apparently you can buy Google Play credit from pock.io.
@_date: 2014-07-01 11:26:59


That's the key point really, it would take far few words and and cause far less confusion if they put that in instead of why they can't accept it.
So, no central organization can be unbiased. And that's OK. This needs to be fixed through technology though.
A lot of people want these organizations to accept Bitcoin because it will legitimize it in the eyes of the public and therefore increase its exchange rate. It's not a noble perspective at all. The right thing to do is create decentralized technologies that can replace what we have. And it is happening. So, better donate your money to people who work on them.
@_date: 2014-07-21 09:29:54
You can check your transaction details using a Bitcoin block explorer.
@_date: 2014-09-25 21:28:11


Bitcoin is not a drop-in replacement of a component in traditional systems, so I doubt that this will be the most important path to adoption. It is leading us to new ways of commerce and structures that weren't possible before, where trust issues are solved globally and freedom of access is the ultimate value.
We have a huge number of solutions with very good arguments behind them at the larval stage which appear to be ahead of their time, and it *will* take time for them to mature. The ecosystem will grow organically and make an undeniable case for itself.
@_date: 2015-01-04 10:05:00


One currency per economic properties is optimal. I don't count distribution schemes with same eventuality as different in this context, nor do I count slightly different numeric tweaks.
Similarly, one chain per technical properties is optimal.
Of course experimentation and redundancy are very important, and none of the above has to be Bitcoin. However, I don't see a reason for them to not include Bitcoin. Many people like the Bitcoin+sidechains idea because it provides all of the above.


No, it isn't by any possible sense of the word.


Why? We need multiple stuff going on, sure, but why blockchains? And how do they balance each other? IMHO there are far too many blockchains. Why don't you push for other transaction database structures for instance? That would provide the required research we need if the "chain of blocks" idea fails.


I agree that investing in radically different approaches is good, but all these developments need effort which you are spreading thin on basically the same basket. All of these depend on the same approach, and most even on the same codebase. That is not healthy.


How does that analogy work? Currencies as nodes? I don't get it.
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:37:18


The coins rewarded per block doesn't change with the number of transactions, number of users, how much the network is used, or any other metric that is remotely involved with "running" the network.
You seem to think that the newly produced coins are a burden over the network, hence you liken it to "running" it, but you are forgetting that the information is almost perfect.
Also, what would be the less "stupid" way to distribute initial coins?
@_date: 2014-07-02 11:08:40
I don't like the currency's name being the same as the network's. We accept it as if it is natural, but it actually makes it more confusing. Having two different terms would automatically communicate that there is indeed a concrete thing that makes this abstract thing work. The properties of the concrete thing are a completely different category than the properties of the abstract thing.
I also don't like the word "coin" from the beginning. That made people think the units are not divisible. People still think that when they hear it the first time. We should at least remove it from the name of the unit.
Regarding microbits; I personally don't like multiple different denominations. They don't have much of a function. I don't like "cents" too, for that matter. So "bits" could mean 10^8 satoshi? But while we are introducing a new unit, why not get rid of the confusing amount of decimal places too? Two birds with one stone.
@_date: 2014-09-26 14:47:00
I agree. But IPC (or similar methods) is about convenience. In theory, instead of getting a confirmation within minutes, you get half a confirmation within seconds. I don't know how IBLT would make it more viable though.
@_date: 2015-01-04 10:49:19
You started off with Banksy being a socialist (which in that context is a generic term, if claim supposed to be true) and moved your entire definition into socialism/communism dichotomy that is mostly meaningful in communist discourse.
In that sense, Banksy would likely be jailed by the State for damaging public property, which makes your initial comment even more ridiculous.
No, not all socialists believe that State is a good solution to the problems of society, and I think historically communists were tricked into believing in the State even though they naturally despised it.
@_date: 2014-07-06 01:49:12
If you have already made up your mind, you might also want to consider selling your house for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:50:56
Haven't tried it but you should be able to do it running bitcoin core with the newly added command line option: -zapwallettxes
(If this fails, though it shouldn't, I *have* done it with pywallet before and it worked.)
@_date: 2014-09-17 15:48:53
If you aren't already running Arch, it would be far easier to follow the above tutorial and install it, instead of changing your distro. :-)
You can get help, even here, if you get stuck at one of the steps. 
If you are on Arch Linux, it's in the [Arch User Repository](
@_date: 2014-07-11 11:05:01
I don't agree. Spreading risk makes sense if you are completely ignorant about underlying systems, but in practice, you don't have to be.
Instead of a cryptographically secure random number generator, which Bitcoin Core uses, you could be getting into a much weaker one in the name of spreading risk.
The tools that were built with security in mind usually use the most reliable and better tested, but also widely available function available, which is usually the same old OS function.
@_date: 2014-09-07 08:28:38


It is because you can't get a valid address by randomly entering letters/numbers, the address contains a checksum.


Mathematically speaking, all valid addresses "exist". Most block explorers will show you a page with an empty transactions list if you enter a valid address. That doesn't mean it was ever "created" by someone or seen on the network.
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:47:57
The "blockchain" is the database all Bitcoin transactions are recorded. Your Bitcoin Core instance is downloading a full copy of it, that's why it is taking so long. A few days of synchronization is common nowadays.
That's why many people use lighter clients, like Electrum or Multibit. I personally use Electrum for transactions, and run Bitcoin Core on a constantly online desktop just to support the network.
You may also have heard Blockchain.info, which is a third-party website and a popular wallet service.
@_date: 2014-09-08 11:35:18
If their costs are in USD, they *have to* convert to USD. It is absurd to expect otherwise. Overstock is very public about what portion of the *profits* they keep in Bitcoin. Maybe others will be able to pay some of their suppliers or personnel in Bitcoin in the near future?
Let me ask you something... When you realized Bitcoin's potential, how did you imagine the adoption to take place? Did you anticipate multi-billion dollar companies to suddenly switch to using Bitcoin internally, and all their suppliers, contractors and workers to fall in line? Or would it be turbulent and painful, as it has been before you got in?
@_date: 2014-07-22 22:12:16
Okay, so, consumers *will* want protection, or otherwise Bitcoin will not become ubiquitous. Why can't we choose *that* option? Let's not have "protection". Who asked for it really? I know many people who lost money on MtGox, but not a single one of them even mentioned regulation.
Those who like the alternative are perfectly free to use banks, are they not? How come they all of a sudden have a right to dictate how current Bitcoin users should behave?
EDIT: Also TIL anti-money-laundering somehow is a form of consumer protection.
@_date: 2014-07-24 12:10:10
That is not how it works at all.
Either way, after your comment, I asked the operations manager of my local bank if USD transfers between two different local banks go through a US intermediary (which is a more extreme case than what I had mentioned), and she said yes. Believe what you will, but I already spent time to find a source for you the last time and you obviously didn't even read it.
@_date: 2014-09-27 13:31:26
Hey, sorry, I accidentally took my bitcorn back. Here, have another. @_date: 2014-09-19 11:41:02
He's not the Bitcoin Jesus.
Also, it's not important whether he's panicking. A lot of Bitcoin holders are worried.
I agree that the argument is invalid, as over the counter exchanges are still exchanges and affect the market.
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:28:57
Saying it's practically impossible to know the exact reasons of market movement == Talking out of your ass
Claiming up is pump and down is dump == Pinnacle of human wisdom
This subreddit is getting dumber by the minute.
@_date: 2015-07-19 17:53:52
Having learned the language mostly by reading Slashdot, I for one am proud to have been associated with native English speakers. Not to mention that all my alter egos are evidently smart people.
@_date: 2015-11-23 01:33:56


Do you need to settle before such re-routing?
If you have used any protocol that is being run by volunteers, this becomes the main issue which results in a migration to bigger service providers, resulting in everyone having GMail. :-)
@_date: 2015-11-23 01:25:19
Are these comparable?
I can connect to as many SPV nodes as my criteria of decentralization require. Calling it centralized, even with quotes, doesn't make much sense to me. And this is not the first time I've seen this argument being used.
With LN, I guess I do have to pick entry points with a completely unrelated list of criteria, like identity leak, reliability (an often neglected but strong force for centralization), etc. These do not necessarily lead to more centralization (do they?), but quite a bit of clarification is needed in order to avoid confusion. I, for one, am confused.
