@_author: adrianscholl
@_date: 2013-04-06 17:25:28
Paul Krugman's [comments]( were negative towards bitcoin's price volatility, which makes it ill-suited as a stable medium of exchange that businesses and customers can depend on for transactions, despite it being highly profitable for speculators who bought in when it was low and sell when it is high. Keep in mind that Krugman was referencing the previous Bitcoin bubble, which peaked at around $30 USD, so he has not even commented on the most recent bubble currently sitting at $140.
That said, it is possible that Bitcoin's price will eventually stabilize after many price corrections occur and thus become valuable as an actual currency, rather than merely a speculative commodity.
@_date: 2013-04-12 22:04:28
I posted [this poll]( a few days ago. The data collected was quite likely skewed by bitcoin owners who spent a lot throughout the past few years of relatively slow value change. It seems that in this month particularly there are many bitcoin owners who are only holding. I am hoping this most recent poll gives us more accurate data on exactly how many bitcoins owners *currently* are spending it versus holding it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:20:50
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:34:21
I see you have the question "Have you ever payed [sic] for goods or services with Bitcoins?" but no followup for a breakdown on what percentage of their total owned bitcoins they have spent.
Yesterday I posted a poll, which can be found [here]( that asked "Approximately what percentage of all the bitcoins you have ever owned have you traded away for goods (excluding other currency) or services?"
It would be nice if you could add a similar question to your census to give people a broader understanding of how much people are spending bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-09 05:57:11
You argue that saving is spending because people are spending possible luxury or pleasure to gain greater purchasing power later. However, they are not spending bitcoins, which leads to decreased velocity of bitcoins and lower cost of goods, which is known as deflation.
Deflation is bad because it creates a spiral effect of hoarding increasingly valuable bitcoins, further deflation, and further hoarding. Businesses, which cannot make bitcoins if consumers spend less and less, begin failing. Investors in bitcoin eventually realize they cannot spend their bitcoins anywhere, so they begin to sell their bitcoins for more useful currencies. Confidence in bitcoin is shattered and people begin selling off in panic as the value of bitcoins drops.
The success of bitcoin depends on people using it actively as a currency. That is why there is a moralistic discouragement of hoarding bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:14:52
Summary: A lot of articles are arguing that the skyrocketing value of bitcoins is bad because it is causing hyperdeflation of the price of goods (the cost of a $20 pizza a few weeks ago was 1 bitcoin whereas now it is around 0.13 bitcoins). Ed and Ethan provide the counterargument that if only 1% of Walmart's net worth (amounting to around $4 billion USD) was to be exchanged into bitcoins, it would "increase the market cap [total value of all bitcoins] by well over 100 times." So essentially, if we actually expect business (such as Amazon or Walmart) to begin using bitcoins, the price is going to continue to rise exponentially for a very long time until adoption rates of bitcoins reach peak capacity. Their argument is that all the fear over the skyrocketing value of bitcoins is misplaced in the context of bitcoins' quite real potential.
The Problem: Ed and Ethan do not understand what deflation implies. While they make arguments against the concern that there is a bitcoin bubble, at no point do they address the concerns of deflation. Deflation is the decrease in the price of goods and services over time, meaning the value of the currency is increasing over time. If you decided to save your bitcoin a few weeks ago instead of buying a pizza, today you could buy almost 8 pizzas. This creates an incentive for consumers to not spend their currency. If deflation becomes too high, liquidity in markets dries up as people stop spending, the value of goods and businesses starts plummeting and businesses begin go bankrupt, people start losing their jobs and the economy grinds to a halt. Deflation was a central cause of the Great Depression that virtually destroyed modern economies, but what does deflation mean for bitcoin, which is currently not big enough to have an economy depending on its success? It means people will hoard bitcoins and not spend them. Not enough bitcoin transactions will be conducted through businesses to warrant them to move toward it as an alternative currency. Eventually investors that are holding onto bitcoins will realize that they cannot spend their money on anything and cash out, causing a massive selloff of bitcoins that will in turn cause their value to plummet.
Bitcoin has very real potential but the instability and current hyperdeflation is a real problem that needs to be addressed. The value of bitcoins needs to stabilize before it can become a currency instead of a speculative commodity. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 01:31:57
After reading through your comment multiple times, I believe you are asserting two central points. First, the total value of all bitcoins at their current price is nowhere near high enough to function as a currency for any of the dozens of major sectors in today's global economy; therefore, the price of bitcoins must necessarily continue to increase greatly to reach a point where it can eventually stabilize as a useful currency. Second, deflation does not have a negative effect on the economy because people continue to have demands that must be satisfied; whereas inflation destroys their ability to satisfy their demands by increasing prices, deflation does not do anything to hinder demand.
In regards to your first point, we are in complete agreement. This is the central argument of Ed and Ethan for why bitcoin's prices must continue to rise greatly if they are to become units of currency. The current total value of bitcoins sitting at $1.5 billion is nowhere near high enough to be used as a medium of exchange for any major economic sector. If it is to be used widely, the price must necessarily increase greatly, because currently $1.5 billion is a drop in the ocean to the worldwide GDP equivalent to $70 trillion.
Your second point is where we have a fundamental disagreement. We both agree that large amounts of inflation is negative because it steadily reduces the value of a person's wealth with which they use to meet their demands. However, you disagree that deflation has a negative impact on the economy. You argue that modern economists are "distancing themselves from [the] ridiculous assertion [that] hyperdeflation is what caused the great depression," and that "in an overall sense, even if delayed for some individuals, economic activity still continues along as normal and productive businesses are well served by deflation." However, economists such as [Ben Bernanke]( [Paul Krugman]( [Milton Friedman]( and of course [John Mayndard Keynes]( all assert that deflation (the drop in the price of goods) causes a tendency to save increasingly valuable currency rather than spending it, which in turn causes a recessionary and eventually depressionary movement in the economy, the occurence of which was demonstrated during the Great Depression. Your point that people have basic demands (food, shelter, clothing) that they will satisfy regardless of deflation does not argue against the claim that deflation causes a decline in non-essential spending (which composes the vast majority of spending in modern economies) and ultimately a depressionary ripple effect throughout the entire economy.
@_date: 2013-04-08 00:01:14
I actually greatly appreciate that you directed my attention to Austrian Economics. I have an undergraduate degree in philosophy, so my economics understanding comes from independent study or reading of philosopher economists that are more orthodox western economics. I honestly did not know there was such a huge counter economics movement, so I appreciate it being brought to my attention.
This is obviously something that will take longer than a brief perusal to gain a solid understanding of. My argument definitely is based on an understanding of economic principles articulated by mainstream economists (i.e. Friedman, Keynes, Smith, Krugman) not Austrian economists.