@_author: adsfa1231
@_date: 2012-02-26 09:12:36
To be honest it doesn't seem worth the effort. Where bitcoin shines is in internet transactions.. specifically ones where you don't want to give the seller much personal information or where they don't trust you very much and there's a high risk (from their perspective) of you doing a charge back. None of these apply here.
How many people are really going to buy a gun from your local gun store using bitcoins? I'm guessing, maybe you. Maybe your friend and maybe one random other guy, if you're lucky. 
If bitcoin ever becomes ubiquitous then maybe it makes sense for random physical storefronts to get in on it too - but really I don't see the sense in harassing small business owners to accept it.
If the gun store dealer is interested then sure what the hell but realistically he won't get more than a couple of sales out of it and you should probably be upfront with him about that when you pitch the idea.
Maybe it will gradually become common for people to accept bitcoins as a 'one off' - similar to how you can often buy things with US dollars in foreign countries or indeed offer any kind of barter arrangement to a small business - or even a large one if you're an important enough client to be talking to someone able to actually make that kind of decision.
@_date: 2012-02-25 20:41:54
I think it really depends what you tell them.. if you tell them that your account was hacked and you had nothing to do with the transaction then they will refund it - end of story.
@_date: 2012-02-28 02:10:47
There is nothing stopping you selling shares in a corporation for bitcoins or any other form of payment you might choose.
If you incorporate a full fledged public corporation you could have as many shareholders as you want and you could sell the shares to them for bitcoins or anything else... however
LLCs are not actually corporations and don't actually have shareholders. Other small corporate structure types are often limited in the maximum number of shareholders you can have and maybe other restrictions about who they are, etc.
Full corporations have lots of regulations about reporting and proper management. You would need to have actual corporate meetings and file returns and all that fun stuff. Basically it's far more trouble than it's worth for a lingerie shop.
There may be some corporate structure that fits your needs.. you should probably  talk to a company formation agent to get advice about the best way of setting up a small public company.