@_author: adustyoldmuffin
@_date: 2018-01-04 18:40:04
Not even in the slightest, they're a company that specializes in buying out easy winners and choking out the maybes.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:29:52
It would be money taken out of their economy and put into whichever economy the exchange is ran out of which is their concern.
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:45:13
I think what they're afraid of (and something I've been watching for) is the correction. The entire market has been climbing and expanding (including bitcoin) at a rate that seems unsustainable. What might happen is a bunch of people will invest in bitcoin because it's a smart thing to do right now then when a correction comes they essentially lose a lot of money. This is money they can't spend in their economy, and there's always a possibility that it doesn't come back after a correction to where it once was.
It makes sense, and while seems like a government is telling people to back off something that fuck with their system I can see the concern. Another concern is a bunch of people investing in something they don't understand so they can't make the decisions that are best for them.
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:52:56
I wouldn't say this is a good thing... 2k in that short amount of time from 10k is not good. It's being a bit over valued such as several stocks are, and people are treating it as that which they shouldn't. I'm I'm half and half I think it's a good investment for the time being and something to hodl, but I see a correction coming and it's kinda ugly.
@_date: 2018-05-08 18:44:27
Bitcoin is volatile even in the 10+ year range, because there's a chance it literally just straight crashes and becomes worthless and it wouldn't be that hard for it to do either. Regardless of what this sub believes Bitcoin is still young and not a safe investment, and its un-policed/regulated which makes manipulation easy. Where as the companies he invests in would be almost impossible to just completely collapse in a week or even a year that's the point. He thinks that it might be good to make quick gains but shouldn't be something to financially depend on was his entire point (IE the people mortgaging their houses to buy bitcoin).
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:10:30
If there's an economic crash there's no place that will accept my bitcoin in turn for like my electric bills or anything of that sort so I'll have other problems if its that bad.
I always had an economics professor that liked to point out that, if you're invested in stocks, have any savings in a bank, or something of the sort. If the economy crashes enough that you don't have to worry about those things because they're worthless, then you have bigger fish to fry such as 'how am I going to eat' or 'how am I going to get out of the non existent country I'm in?'.
@_date: 2018-03-26 20:25:42
The technology has Intrinsic value outside of its currency purpose, but whether or not the actual currency side of it has intrinsic value is essentially an opinion not something you can state. But all of this still comes back to that is doesn't matter as of now because to use it, it still has to be translated back into FIAT.
@_date: 2018-03-26 20:38:56
In its current state yes it does, to do and pay for anything I need to pay for to stay alive will not accept bitcoin as a payment. Will that change in the future? possibly.
@_date: 2018-03-26 20:14:10
I hate that people mention that those things are worthless. I do know that I cannot use bitcoin to pay for food right now where I KNOW that I can spend physical currency to do that. Bitcoin is worthless, physical currency is worthless, every form of currency holds value because we give it value. 
We have no promise that these things will hold value in the future, and as such that's the issue of trusting these things. That being said I will trust FIAT currency over crypto-currency for now because if FIAT fails I will have more present issues such as the collapse of a major world power.
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:51:57
And as a human that's fine it works! But as a country, or a company it doesn't. A Country has to expand and grow to support a growing population and update things to keep the standard of living high or where its expected to be. A company that is not growing is viewed as dead (which in my opinion is wrong, but that's another can of worms) and will eventually start declining. 
Your personal debt and the debt of countries or companies have no relation if ya get me.
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:31:43
The entire point of bitcoin is that it has value because we as humans give it value, just as gold or any form of currency. If you think Bitcoin is different because it has "actual value" then you don't get why Bitcoin is different. Bitcoin is different because it has no central entity to control it, and what the person above is pointing out is that to do many things with Bitcoin one must go through loopholes of waiting for the technology to work, and if what you want to do doesn't support Bitcoin you must go through that loophole and then turn it into a form of currency through a centralized exchange.
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:03:29
To me if your company does not have debt then you are either stagnant, on a decline, or saving money which all do not interest me to invest into your company. If no one invests then the company does not grow as sales are not enough to grow a company. As someone mentioned earlier societies have always been built on debt, and debt has many forms, of which are not all bad.
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:45:55


I apologize then this confused me and I made the wrong conclusion.
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:22:50
Yes and that was where I went in another comment earlier where I said that's a different bag of worms where I don't agree with the main theory that a company that isn't growing isn't successful. There's a name for that mindset in economic theory but I'm to lazy to find it. Essentially the idea is I wouldn't want to invest in a company that isn't growing because it won't be making my money back so why invest in it? It's a bad mindset in my opinion because even though it isn't making more money than it was last year it's still making money. If you're looking to invest money Bitcoin isn't the thing to do it in, you would buy Bitcoin because you believe it's the future of money, not because it will make you money which is where I think most people on this sub fall. In the end a country takes on debt because in short it needs to and almost always will, and it does this because it can make it back and then some and other countries are okay with it because it will make their money back and then some. If a country didn't take on debt then it wouldn't be able to keep up with a growing population or with technological advances.
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:41:47
No but to expand or "move forward" (buy a house, a new object, start a business) you will need debt at some point to do those things. Governments acquire debt in ways people don't realize such as issuing bonds on ourselves and our currency. So say Germany wants to invest in the US because they think we will be able to get their money back and then some. We want to expand our infrastructure, but it takes money to do so, so we agree to let Germany invest. We sell $1m worth of bonds to them which is debt that they collect interest on. We use their $1m to expand and hopefully make more money which we then use to pay the interest. A better way to think about it is a stock, you buy stock from a company - company in turn uses it to grow and make more money - they pay you interest or dividends. We do the same but the companies are countries. Debt on a country scale isn't always bad (it can be when you start to not be able to pay the interest) but it's actually a sign countries think you're worth investing in.
Edit: I missed a word.