@_author: advatar
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:37:38
That's not how you let big money know first.  The WSJ is where you publish AFTER you let big/old money know.  The WSJ is where everyone else finds out about it and it ends up on the top of the BTC subreddit.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:25:19
The funny thing is that cash is actually viewed as a shady mechanism of wealth retention and wealth transfer.  Any time someone deposits more than $10,000 in cash at a US bank, the bank is required to report that deposit to the IRS.
@_date: 2013-04-14 17:18:53
People are leaving out one obvious possibility.  It's possible that these fractional transactions, by back-logging the system, may actually be fixing the price so that no individual bidders can create trends upwards or downwards without the express intention of the bot-holders.  These BTC may actually be traded between users who hold both the bidding and asking accounts.
This is pump and dump small market manipulation.  Early adopters cornered the market when it was cheap and are now manipulating the price by overwhelming the market with small trades at the prices of their discretions.  Perhaps if BTC had a covered short sell option this wouldn't happen, because it would be possible to make money on the dump as well as the pump, reflecting accurate sentiment rather than blind hope.
By back-logging the system with small transactions, these traders don't even need to hold the lion's share of BTC.  They only need enough to keep these transactions flowing rapidly and to keep a massive back-lock.  10 thousand btc would provide enough for 1 million of these transactions to be requested simultaneously.  With a daily volume of 20k normally, and 200k when under manipulation, it's easy to see how such small fractional trading could be perpetrated by a single smart programmer with 2 Mt Gox trading accounts.
@_date: 2013-03-20 03:23:50
Have your dad do the following:
1) Register with Mt Gox
2) Have his account verified
3) Have him go to his bank with the appropriate information and arrange a wire transfer from his bank to the appropriate Mt Gox account.
4) NEVER TRUST A TOTAL STRANGER WITH YOUR MONEY, particularly when there are standardized and secure means with which to transfer money.