@_author: advancedcash
@_date: 2014-10-28 09:16:38
Hi, my name is Andrew, I work for Advanced Cash, and we thought we'd provide some first-hand info here. We want your passport as it is a legal requirement, all our customers need to be verified. We are running a fully legit and transparent operation, and this is pretty much a standard procedure these days. Your private information is always safe with us, we use bank level security practices to safeguard it. We do have a Russian version of the site, just because the demand among Russian webmasters for such a service is quite high. Again, we have nothing to do with laundering or anything illegal. I'd be happy to answer questions if you have any.
@_date: 2014-10-28 09:26:44
It is 100% legit, all banks and card issuing company we work with are fully aware of how our business operates, no grey areas here. I'd be happy to answer your questions if you have any.
@_date: 2016-06-30 09:32:54
Why do you think it's 'instead' exactly? Can't we be doing both at the same time?
And what problem is that, if I may ask? Everything is in accordance with the terms and conditions of our card vendor. They are very easy to find on the website before signing up. I am not sure what is our fault here, and nobody so far has been able to point it out. The fact that we will attempt to get in touch with the card vendor and arrange a different deal is us going the extra mile, so I don't know what gives you or anybody else the right to accuse us of 'utter unprofessionalism'. I guess you removed that bit from your article last night, but it was in the original version, wasn't it. You also deleted my comment with a list of facts for some reason. I guess the facts didn't work well next to the drama.
Yes, I am accusing you of slander because the message and the tone of your 'reporting' does not correspond to anything that user has posted. I got in touch with them as soon as I could and we are communicating with the purpose to resolve this in the best possible way. You are just generating drama for clicks and pageviews, good luck with that. We are digging our own grave? Yeah, right.
I honestly do not see what we have done wrong in the situation where a user is unfamiliar with fraud policies, unfamiliar with chargeback policies, unfamiliar with notification settings that let you know your card is charged literally the second it happens - and yet somehow we are the bad guys here.
Like I said, we will attempt to sort this out with the card vendor's anti fraud department. In the meantime, I hope there will be no further drama about this.
@_date: 2016-06-29 17:17:05
Hi everybody, Andrew from Advanced Cash here. Let me comment on this situation.
We do not have any sort of fraud prevention for cards. Actually, it's not even us, it's Wave Crest, our card vendor. Under our current agreement with them, online fraud detection is not something that is available to our users. It does not say anywhere on our website that we offer anything like that. I guess that is a nice service to have, but being realistic, it's a prepaid card that costs $5 to issue with no monthly or annual fees, not a platinum card or anything like that.
I believe, for a prepaid card service, we provide an adequate set of features to make card usage safer: users can send funds back to their e-wallet from the card at any time, users have the chip, the PIN, the ability to block the card inside their account without contacting support, the ability to access their history at any time and the ability to get emails and SMS messages whenever the card is charged. The user in question, unfortunately, did not have notifications enabled and therefore did not know about the charges. These options are very easy to access in profile settings.
As for the actual e-wallet account, we provide a whole range of security features including payment passwords, SMS authorisation, mobile and hardware tokens, and more. Account security is taken very seriously on all levels, we have never had any data leaks or any other breach, and I believe with all the security features set up including 2FA, unauthorised access to any Advanced Cash account is pretty much impossible. Cards, of course, are a different thing entirely.
I talked to this user on Bitcointalk and I promised I will look into the situation. I'll get in touch with our card vendor and see what can be done. It surely is unpleasant to be in this situation, but honestly I don't see what we did wrong here or what we did not do that we claimed to be actually doing.
You are welcome to contact me at andrew if you need more info.
@_date: 2015-04-02 10:20:06
Hello, I'm Andrew from Advanced Cash, and you are welcome to ask me anything you may want to know about our system. We use our own exchange rate, trying to keep it close to what major exchanges offer. We are fully legal and transparent and we comply with all regulations to stay in business in the long run. You can in fact order virtual and plastic cards without verification, but they will have a lifetime $2,500 transaction limit. A simple and fast verification procedure unlocks $3,000 daily withdrawals via plastic and $10,000 max daily virtual card funding.
@_date: 2015-03-05 12:56:49
Thanks for the mention, but actually the cards are in USD only. We do plan to introduce EUR cards later this spring. Check  for the full list of features and funding methods. Check site header for the rate used during your Bitcoin account funding.