@_author: aequalior
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:04:42
Great job!  This is easily the best wallet I have seen.
@_date: 2013-10-27 01:37:07
Voting is literally the least you can do to change things for the better.  Every four years you have to stand in a queue and press a button with the chance that it might pay off big.  I agree that you should not tie up all your hopes with the act of voting alone, but the effort vs. potential reward makes it a no brainer for me.
@_date: 2013-10-25 16:01:12
This was Published on Oct. 24, 2013.  I feel that the interview is substantive to the bitcoin community because he is speaking about growing failures of the status quo-which is exactly why we have bitcoin.  While we don't have to rally around Brand or his message (or lack thereof) he certainly contributes to a growing resentment with existing power structures that embodies the bitcoin community.  
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:44:57
i'm thinking on a more practical level that actually applies to btc atm.  There will only ever be 21 millions coins, there are 7 billion people on the planet. Even if adoption only peaks at 10% of world population, which we hope it doesn't, that's still 700 million people wanting around 11 million coins (sorry it's too late to try and create some speculative amount btc/users in x years)  at what point does bitcoin ever become stable enough to use where the PV of a good outwieighs the FV of the coin?  
I feel like Satoshi must have understood this and anticipated alt-coins would come in to increase the money supply.
@_date: 2013-11-07 22:22:23
Whoops, lol 
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:09:53
upvoted.  Great post!
@_date: 2013-10-25 04:08:39
The deflationary nature of bitcoin also has implications on its money velocity, too.  Given Saibog's 2% resting place of deflation at full adoption you would an encounter a scenario at every purchase where the purchaser would have to decide whether or not the good or service was worth forsaking a 2% increase in value.
I think a better question might be: would you buy something with bitcoin?  I know I would not.  
@_date: 2013-11-07 22:25:39
To clarify I'm not interested in what the federal government can do in regards to accepting bitcoin, but whether or not the constitution or existing law bars a city government from accepting a payment other than usd for taxes.
@_date: 2013-11-23 17:27:17
what's that from?
@_date: 2013-10-25 05:07:29
Returning to your original point.  This is something I have been thinking a lot about recently.  I don't see the possibility of a credit market with bitcoin, at least one built upon present principles.  I am beginning to think that an alt-coin that was inflationary might be a good idea.  You would always know accurately what the money supply was and I am sure there are some people out there that are smart enough to build something that could determine the velocity by analyzing the block chain.  You could build the protocol to determine block rewards based upon an inflation goal.  The goal could either be built into the protocol or determined by the miners some how--I realize how idiotic the latter sounds, but I am sure somebody smart out there could develop some way to incentivize miners not to print the money indefinitely.
Obviously this defeats the whole purpose of bitcoin to a lot of people, but at least it would not be a centralized authority printing money to fund god knows what and would most likely be determined by market forces.
@_date: 2013-10-11 17:39:34
A fellow Keynsian in the bitcoin world!
 A few points on your article: 1. I am pretty sure what Keynes meant with his bottle analogy is that the government should be compelled to inject money in to the economy in order to increase aggregate demand.  He just picked the most ridiculous metaphor for this process to point out that the method or the justification is irrelevant, putting the money in the economy under any pretense is paramount. 2. Bitcoin is deflationary regardless of whether or not adoption plateaus.  It is true that adoption is the greatest driver of increases in value i.e. demand for bit coin, but even when there are no new entrants in the market the economy will still grow putting upward pressure on a confined supply of BTC.
I would agree that bitcoin is decidedly anti-keynsian as the white paper Satoshi published is against the inflationary models of current fiat currencies.  Keynes advocated inflation because it had the power to push up aggregate demand which in turn would get a society closer to full employment.  
I think the point that is often missed when reading the general theory is Keynes philosophical departure from the classical model.  He often speaks of wasted human potential which he equates with unemployment.  The analogy i like to use is the velocity model vs. the capture model.  
In classical economics theories were proposed that centered on individuals being able to capture the most from an economy-you can see why Hayek fits here, you capture wealth(property, cash, capital) and it retains or increases in value.
In Keynes model an individual is essentially pushed through the economy in order to achieve more.  Your personal wealth is of less importance, what is important is what you're capable of.  With higher aggregate demand you get to go to more movies, go on more vacations, make more business, invent more products, as there is just more activity in the economy.  You get less wealth for doing anything that generates income for most assets erode, but you get more chances for income and more ability in general.  
It is also important to put Keynes theories in historical perspective.  For much of human history there was very limited access to resources and very little growth.  Keynes was in the modern era, the first time human society had seen substantial gains in growth. The population was growing at an unprecedented rate, technology was improving substantially, etc.  These were all effects of greater access to resources, as there were just more contributors, with greater productivity than society had ever seen.  Keynes saw that the human race was at a tipping point with greater access to resources being the driving force behind the momentum.  He developed his theories to achieve the greatest access to resources and not squander human potential, and successfully persuaded most world leaders and central bankers of the merits of his model.  Hence, we have the world we live in today.
@_date: 2013-10-16 16:45:44
I think the author makes one good point.  Bitcoin is not legal tender so courts won't recognize for settling debts or holding up contracts.  I see two possible outcomes.  The US recognizes btc as a legal tender, or there are systems of enforcement outside of the legal structure.  It seems the environment is leaning towards the latter.  I see the construction of trust networks as getting around this obstacle.  If you are in breach of a contract and don't reconcile you will be cut out of the trust network.
@_date: 2013-10-23 16:52:26
i'm not a lawyer so I cannot say whether or not existing contract law would cover bit coins, but it probably does.  However, there has yet to be a legal precedent set in the US as far as i know, so there is a risk that US legal system could say that existing contract law does not cover btc. Do I think that btc will be covered under contract law in the future? yes.  But, as I stated before the community seems to be trying to solve this problem without the aid of state actors.  With the trust networks you will be shut out of the system unless you resolve a contract dispute very similar to Paypal's dispute resolution center.  