@_author: aescolanus
@_date: 2018-09-16 03:26:51


How do you figure?   Bitcoin [is far more unequally distributed than fiat]( and, because most Bitcoins have already been mined, that inequality is frozen into the system.  Replacing fiat with Bitcoin globally would give the 'new elites' much more power over the economy than today's financial elite have, and remember the Golden Rule:  he who has the gold makes the rules.  
@_date: 2018-09-23 16:34:05
Yeah, Burning Man has basically become a resort for libertarian tech billionaires.  The artists and free spirits and so forth aren't the target demographic for Burning Man anymore.  They're the *entertainment*.  They're what Burning Man uses to attract their big customers.  And those artists pay Burning Man for the privilege of providing entertainment to billionaires.
Bitcoin may not mesh with the prior ethos of Burning Man.  But the current corporate festival that uses its former reputation to attract tourists?  Fits right in.
@_date: 2018-09-23 20:00:05
I think we're talking past each other.
Bitcoin, whatever else it may be, is *money*.  It is part of the great capitalist machine.  It's even more capitalist than currencies like the U.S. dollar, because the value of the USD is altered by democratic and bureaucratic forces, and Bitcoin obeys only the market.  People buy Bitcoin because they think Bitcoin will be even more valuable in the future and they want to profit, or they think a paradigm shift in the economy is coming and they want to be on the forefront of it, which means, again, profit.
Burning Man began outside the capitalist machine.  It didn't use money within itself.  The 'gift economy' was part of that anti-capitalist ethos.  Bitcoin is anathema to the gift economy because, again, it's *money*.
Now Burning Man is dedicated to providing entertainment to those in control of the machine.  The 'gift economy' exists in name only.  Ordinary burners, artists and performers and exhibitionists, are 'paid' for their service to the elite in ways that do not involve dollars (so as not to break kayfabe) but are philosophically identical to money.  Bitcoin is *perfect* for this.
People can use their Bitcoin gains all they like.  Go right ahead.  Just don't pretend to oppose capitalism when you do.  Bitcoin is capitalism in its purest and most unregulated form.
@_date: 2018-09-23 22:20:18
Google 'burning man millionaires'.  Basically, the wealthy elite set up private camps within Burning Man.  Paid staff and bodyguards are hired to manage the camps, while the elite distribute massive amounts of food, water, drugs, etc., to burners in order to buy favor.  Think of a Roman senator handing out money and food to his clients, or a Medici paying a stable of artists to create works of art celebrating his family.  It's a perversion of the original Burning Man ethos.
@_date: 2018-09-16 15:00:22


Holy shit, dude.  People starve every day,  In the US alone, millions of people *would* starve without support (welfare/food stamps/housing/etc) from government assistance.  Millions more people are running at a net negative in terms of income versus expenses, and survive by going into debt - [the average American has $135k in debt]( - or with help from friends and family.  And millions more are on pensions or Social Security or other forms of fixed income which cover their basic expenses but leave no room to save for the future.  And that doesn't even get into places like rural India or China, where you work all day every day without being able to save *anything*, and your only retirement plan is to have enough children that they'll be able to support you in your old age...


Yes, but this incentive is independent of inflation or deflation.  People always want to invest now if they'll make more money in the future.  The problem with deflationary currency and investment is that people won't invest unless they're likely to get more value out of investment than out of holding.  Imagine an investment which you predict will increase the value of your investment by 5% per year.  If your money is inflationary, and it *loses* 5% per year just sitting in a bank, then you want to invest in that 5% gain to keep from losing value.  But what if your money is deflationary, and gains 10% in value just sitting in your Bitcoin wallet?  Then you're not going to invest for a 5% return - you'd *lose* value in that investment.  That's why the Federal Reserve encourages the USD to experience slow and predictable inflation - it encourages investment, keeps resources flowing to areas of increased productivity, and makes the economy run smoothly.  A deflationary currency would have exactly the opposite effect - less investment, more hoarding, less movement of money - and if money doesn't move in an economy, it's like blood not moving in a body, a Very Bad Thing.
@_date: 2018-09-16 04:12:47
I'd argue that it's absolutely "close to the same thing".  The goal is to control the money supply.  Printing money is one tool.  Buying and selling bonds to take money in and out of circulation is another tool.  Some tools work on Bitcoin, but not others.  Given how unstable the Bitcoin market has been in the past, and how much it has been manipulated by exchanges, I'd be hesitant to claim that it's *less* vulnerable to outside control by elites and governments than USD or other fiat.  
@_date: 2018-09-16 03:47:03
But 'the ability to control the money supply' is precisely what Bitcoin whales have right now.  Buy and hold?  Money supply goes down, value of a single Bitcoin goes up.  Dump Bitcoins into the market?  Money supply goes up, value of a single Bitcoin goes down.  This is exactly what the Federal Reserve does [when it buys and sells US government bonds]( except that the 'new elite' would have a much stronger ability to manipulate the economy, because they'd directly control a much larger percentage of the total money supply.  
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:45:10
Remember the old programming credo: garbage in, garbage out.
Let's say it's 2020 and I'm voting through the blockchain.  I cast my vote for Kang.  The software in my voting machine is compromised.  It records my vote as Kodos and adds it to the blockchain.  The blockchain is immutable.  Who cares?  My vote was corrupted before it ever got there.
This is the reason so many people don't trust electronic voting.  With paper ballots, there's a literal paper trail you can go back and review.  If a virus in an electronic voting machine randomly switches one in ten Republican votes to as Democrat, there's no record and no proof of the voter's original intent.  Involving a blockchain limits the number of different ways votes can be manipulated but doesn't solve the underlying issue.
@_date: 2018-09-20 23:58:39
Beats the typical HODL or SODL $hitposts.  OP is at least making an attempt at humor.
@_date: 2018-09-23 20:37:57
Bitcoin is not capitalism, agreed.  I'd argue that Bitcoin, as a currency, is more aligned with the core principles of capitalism than USD, because the value of Bitcoin is determined 'mainly by competition in a free market' and not by government fiat or extra-market forces.
... well, I'd argue that the value of Bitcoin is defined by an *unregulated* market, which is not the same as a free market - but plenty of libertarians and ancaps would argue with me there.
@_date: 2018-09-16 14:26:07


Deflation means that any given amount of currency will buy more in the future than it will today.  How does this motivate elites to spend now instead of waiting for the future when their currency will be more valuable?  If anything, it's the Bitcoin proletariat who come off worse in a deflationary Bitcoin economy - they *have* to spend large percentages of their earned Bitcoin in the present, on things like rent and food and gas and so on and so forth, and are unable to save.  Meanwhile, the Bitcoin wealthy, whose basic needs are a tiny percentage of their Bitcoin wealth and which can easily be funded by the appreciation on their existing Bitcoin, are much more capable of hoarding and waiting.  It's basically capital vs labor with new names.
@_date: 2018-05-01 14:16:35
If it wasn't illegal, people sure as hell would.  
@_date: 2018-05-13 04:16:00
Given the enormous volitality in exchange rates, setting up a monthly payment in any crypto would be nuts.  You don't know how much that crypto is going to be *worth* next month.
You could tell a wallet to send $x amount of USD in Bitcoin every month based on the exchange rate at the time of payment - but at that point it's much simpler just to pay USD.
@_date: 2018-10-10 23:59:53


I'll take 'F in Economics' for 100, Alex.
@_date: 2018-10-10 23:49:13
Traditionally, there are three modes of rhetoric: *logos* (appeal to reason), *ethos* (appeal to morality), and *pathos* (appeal to emotion).  A good debater, when they find that one mode is ineffective when arguing against someone, will switch to another mode.
Of course, I suppose someone who makes ignorant jokes about 'females can't logic lol' isn't particularly suited to argue in even one mode, much less all three.
@_date: 2018-06-02 01:49:36
Which is why Apple had to pry Blackberries out of people's cold dead hands, right?
Superior tech is rapidly adopted *if* it actually works better than the previous tech.  Bitcoin?  Not yet.
@_date: 2018-06-02 23:28:45
My Visa card literally pays me (1.5% cash back) to make transactions through it.  When is blockchain going to do that?
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:42:25


[Citation needed]
@_date: 2019-01-05 22:52:26
ELI5: Nazi Twitter.
Gab is a racist shithole full of racists encouraging each other to violence.  [All the racists who got banned from Twitter relocated there]( and the owner used this as a *selling point* to grow the site, deliberately recruiting alt-right, fascist, racist, etc, users who wanted a safe space to express their hateful beliefs.  Dude who shot up a synagogue in Pittsburgh was a frequent user.  
@_date: 2019-01-06 23:10:43
Sounds legit.  Only a 5-year-old would ignore the dangers of mining centralization and the very real possibility of a 51% attack.
@_date: 2018-04-08 15:44:52


Cryptocurrencies attract a lot of people who believe that making money has nothing to do with morality.  They also, not coincidentally, attract a lot of people who recognize the pumps-and-dumps and the other forms of market manipulation that the crypto market is rife with, but believe that they're smart enough to ride the pump and get out before the dump.  I feel like a lot of McAfee's defenders are thinking 'yeah, this guy isn't credible, but I can make a bunch of money off McAfee's shitcoins if idiots buy his bullshit, so let's keep promoting him'.  It's a vicious cycle.
@_date: 2018-04-28 00:00:27
First we ignore them.
Then we laugh at them.
Then we fight them.
Then we win.
@_date: 2013-10-04 04:17:16




Yeah, um, I think it would be 'great' if this guy is removed from society for a good long time.