@_author: affebonbons
@_date: 2018-06-21 01:09:39
Except VTC is actually worth a dollar, your opinion isn't worth 2 cents. 
If you had something interesting or factual to say I'd like to discuss it but clearly that's a waste of time. 
@_date: 2018-06-20 20:15:27
BTC, LTC, VTC, and XMR are the 1%
@_date: 2018-06-15 18:02:19
The repeating hard forking isn't really a good solution over the long-term; I know the Vertcoin team is investigating more complex solutions including tougher algorithms but only time will tell. 
As long as mining can be done with something that anyone can own reasonably I'm all for it; ASICs are only bad due to lack of choices, not the actual hardware imo. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 07:58:49
Yeah except the fact that mining is entirely controlled by few and mining is essentially the only means of control to begin with. I like Bitcoin but saying it's somehow unable to be improved upon as far as decentralization goes is plain false. 
I like ASIC resistance as an Idea but it becomes a nightmare to implement successfully once it comes down to it. I just want crypto to be in the hands of the users from the mining to the decision making. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 03:35:15
The problem is that we don't actually know how to equate Bitcoin to anything if it isn't paired against anything, just like fiat to begin with. 
This notion of replacing fiat with Bitcoin is contingent on knowing what Bitcoin is specifically worth.
Is it worth $1, £1, a chicken? If Bitcoin isn't dependant on any comparitive currency or exchanged then what is its value exactly?
@_date: 2018-06-15 18:06:33
The issue is that if miners are in control of hashing then if you are to fork with different rules your chain is at the mercy of not being 51%'d to hell. 
If you fork with the same algorithm, the majority can attack you until the chain is unreliable; if it's a different algorithm then either ASICs will once again crop or you have to have massive GPU support to avoid being 51%'d. 
That's like saying the people make the rules but authority is still in the hands of the police. We can make all the rules we like but it's up to law enforcement to actually enforce these laws or abuse their power. 
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:53:17
So is your opinion. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:59:45
I agree, the expectation is that competition will increase and afford consumers more options at reasonable prices. 
I don't think current miners will screw themselves over and censor anything but the fact that this is basically just someone's choice sucks. I understand GPU based currencies can be manipulated but this is more of a issue with how hashrate is distributed over coins rather than ASICs vs GPUs. 
My thought is that over time we will have GPU hash power move towards fewer ASIC resistant currencies to extend the life of people's investments and move closer to secure decentralization of mining. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 21:45:08
But Bitcoin isn't permissionless anymore. You have to either buy them with fiat or use ASICs that aren't exactly readily available. I'm not saying I don't like it, I hold some definitely, but saying it's permissionless doesn't seem honest anymore. 
If you cannot get on an exchange or mine them, you cannot have them (unless you use nicehash, which is basically a voluntary botnet for hire). Personal bets are on BTC, LTC, and VTC through lightning. I like XMR too but I dont like a non public ledger.
edit: in response to the comments here, my problem with what has been said is that the most fundamentally important task related to Bitcoin, mining, is not a thing that anyone can do. All the other answers like I can use it anywhere and so for don't explain why Bitcoin is better than any other crypto other than high centralized hashrate. Why not use something that you can do all of those things with and participate in the mining process? The security of this system is in the hands of few while the usage is available to many.
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:56:28
Basically yes. Monero is kind of an oddball with the obfuscation of it's blockchain but it seems trustable for it's uses. 
Bitcoin and Litecoin are obvious choices but I feel like Vertcoin is interesting moreso because of the ecosystem they're trying to build that is available to be used with BTC and LTC since it is so similar. This in conjunction with permanent consumer hardware mining means entry is always possible from mining, even if that means swapping from VTC to BTC. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 16:32:53
This is an important step for the layman to adopt this technology. 
I feel like if lightning is made accessible, then through it various cryptos are accessible thus adding liquidity and stability to them. We might not like “dumb” people getting in on this, but eventually like anything good, they have to if we want them to succeed. 
As of now my bets are on lightning + btc/ltc/vtc. If people start taking lightning for bitcoin and these two can latch onto that, we have a lot more flexibility in which crypto we hold, use, or purchase.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:21:31
For a few reasons:
1. Increased privacy through TOR + Lightning (biggest reason)
2. Acts a central "vault" for your crypto which you can keep at home; meaning  banking with crypto made simple. These funds can then be accessed from any device that is registered, making it less necessary to trust 3rd parties with your funds.
3. Supports the Lightning network directly and if I'm not mistaken, if you are willing to put up a few funds as collateral, can facilitate trade and earn a little bit of change/"interest" on their funds which THEY choose to do explicitly instead of letting banks choose and only give you 0.5% interest.
Now the big question, of course, is "well why would the layman ever want to use crypto, lightning etc"? I think that if the general population realizes that they can take custody of their funds through Bit/Lite/Vert/etcCoins, and simply sell these when they need fiat, it removes the need to trust a bank or obtain precious metals which can be more of a hassle to manage or sell. Crypto seems nearly pointless to use at a POS unless it is an emergency; the biggest gain I see is savings are actually owned by the saver, not by the bank.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:37:06
It can hit a million and it could still be a scam. 
If one person managed to have a large portion of all the coins and dumped, the value would plummet. Bitcoin isn’t safe by any measure. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:04:28
The problem is that bitcoin isn’t functioning as a currency, people are just holding expecting it to increase in value forever. The problem here is there is literally nothing stopping people from pulling out and switching to a different currency, meaning the holders will be left with the loss. 
If people don’t start using bitcoin then the only people who benefit are those who actually sell. 
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:31:08
~~The world's wealth is about $250 trillion. This doesn't really make sense.~~
edit: thanks for explaining; this seems doable then. left OP for posterity.
@_date: 2018-04-28 10:10:41
oh, thanks for correcting me; then yeah that seems plausible.
my apologies
@_date: 2018-04-07 02:26:57
The only reason I believe in some other blockchains, specifically Litecoin and Vertcoin (mainly the latter), is because you need at least one means of permissionless entry. Vertcoin promises this by being interoperable with Bitcoin through the lightning network and always allowing users to obtain coins with commercial hardware. I think the fact that vertcoin is trying to simply do the same thing as Bitcoin but with more room for testing ideas and allowing anyone to obtain coins on their own is important. Most other coins are either scams or not really useful/necessary. 
Bitcoin will always be gold.