@_author: affusdyo
@_date: 2014-04-01 10:09:20
I got one too. But it was very suspicious as I got it on a very specific address. The only time I ever used that address was for inputs.io, which was hacked.
Edit: This would mean that inputs.io not only lost Bitcoin, but their attacker also made off with a database dump. That, or TradeFortress is directly responsible for these payment requests.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:31:56
Must be using multiple sources for the phishing e-mails.
@_date: 2014-04-01 11:55:43
I'm not on there and I've already received 2 phishing mails for 1.337 and 9* BTC. And my email address was leaked through the (compromised?) database of inputs.io, as that's the only place that address was ever used.
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:23:19
E-mail is easily the weakest link in the security chain as it is the gateway to other accounts. It sucks that Google integrates it with so many products. Use 2-factor authentication, and not the SMS kind, but TOTP (Google Authenticator) as it cannot be intercepted.
@_date: 2014-08-25 22:57:59
I just got this to work. It is quite difficult to get alignment correct. But  I managed what OP did with an LED torch and some weights to hold the transparent sheet down on a white background.
It works better with one part printed on white paper, and the other part mirrored on a transparency so that the toner is as close to the paper part as possible. The thickness of the transparent sheet then does not affect alignment.
@_date: 2017-11-03 11:47:27
I think you forgot a /s there...
@_date: 2012-12-06 19:53:45
Note that it is still only the fiat currency in the account that is insured. The BTC balance still carries the same risks as any other wallet. Regardless, this is amazing progress.
@_date: 2012-03-04 16:08:43
Remember that the sending party makes transactions, the receiving party does not need to approve them and cannot reject them. So the sending party would be able to taint wallets of other people. You can't realistically refuse such transfers, life goes on.
Also, I think valuing some bitcoins over others will hurt the value of the entire network. It is supposed to be a stable currency with many hard guarantees. I wouldn't want something other than the balance of my wallet to influence the value of my coins.
You idea of reporting the identity of the sending side to "higher authorities" in the case that received coins derive from a tainted source is something I can get behind. Let law enforcement take care of this, such reports are pretty much the only type of evidence the victim can get to build a case against the thief.
@_date: 2012-03-05 06:56:39
Definitely always report crimes, the least it does is raise awareness. I'm not a lawyer, but I think it classifies both as wire fraud and unauthorized access of computer systems, with damages in proportion to the value of stolen BTC. It's the unjust manipulation of the Bitcoin network you want to address, not "data theft".
For the authorities to start addressing Bitcoin fraud, we need to provide them with information. And, as a network, I think we should take the initiative on intelligence gathering.
* We need a standard way for wallet holders to report stolen coins, signed with the wallet's private key such that only a true wallet holder can make a report, and with information as to which parties are authorized to view reported identities (the victim's chosen investigating authority, but never the victim itself).
* We need services that know the identity of senders to check this list and report these identities all the time.
* We need to encourage services that handle transactions to get to know the identities of senders, possibly by introducing some form of liability.
There will definitely be privacy concerns, so the institutions that the victim says should have access to these identities will have to be very carefully selected. The alleged "victim" itself shouldn't ever have access to these identities, or it would be way too easy to abuse for intelligence gathering.
@_date: 2013-07-05 07:19:41
He explicitly mentions SMS as opposed to your implied Google Authenticator.
Two-factor authentication works by separating the secrets to devices with different attack vectors, requiring an attacker to do significantly more work to gain control of both. Using a Chrome extension with Google Authenticator leaves all secrets in a single place, mitigating any advantage that Two-Factor authentication would offer. At that point you are needlessly making security for that user more difficult.
With SMS codes, you communicate partial secrets over a second channel such that it is hard to compromise both channels. There is no encryption, and many methods exists to intercept those messages with today's smartphones. It should only be considered effective for time-limited OTPs.
My advice: do not require it, but make sure it is strongly recommended. Perhaps with some disclaimer of liability that they need to agree to if they choose not to. You always need your user's cooperation, you can't force security down their throats. You don't know their reasons, for example they may be perfectly capable of keeping their secrets secure or they live somewhere with unreliable cellular connectivity.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:27:29
I'm convinced you *should not* follow this advice about partial passphrase approach. It would make it easier to crack the final passphrase if one knows its parts. By using the parts you disclose information on the final passphrase. Create a secure passphrase that is cryptographically randomly generated and of which  you have a lower bound on the amount of entropy. If this is over 256 bits, you're safe. If you don't know for sure, don't do it.
You assume the attackers will be greedy and empty out the sentinel accounts first, but they don't need to. If attackers figure out that the parts are valid phrases and they know of this scheme, then they will combine them and find the larger phrase sooner than would have been the case otherwise.
@_date: 2013-05-22 10:39:16
The difference is that the second picture is a strict tree, with Bitcoin this is never going to be the case.
As long as there are cycles we'll fall in the distributed category. Having some nodes with high degree doesn't matter.
@_date: 2013-04-20 21:24:35
Found a flaw in the RNG already. While it makes very good sense to use a Von Neumann filter, the implementation is definitely broken here. The first hint was that it only "slows the output by a factor of 2".
Let us know if anyone comes up with a transparent hardware number generator design that actually passes the [RDieHarder tests](
@_date: 2013-08-14 18:08:17
People tend to severely over-estimate entropy. For the random characters, assuming they are generated by computer from the set of ASCII printable characters would theoretically give 95^10 = 65.7 bits of entropy, but there are strong indications that a human just made them up by hitting on the keyboard which can completely negate this. For your first-name/last-name thing, you should assume that this is public knowledge as it is not something you are trying to keep a secret. If you argue that your SSN is secret to potential attackers (which it isn't as you've shared it with at least your employer) it would add 30 bits of entropy from the set of valid SSN's. So theoretically, when applied correctly, this scheme of yours could have up to 95.7 bits of entropy, or 2^64.3 times weaker than the 2^160 you just proposed.
@_date: 2013-05-24 15:29:42
Not any time soon, that's too much of a jump.
The margins are extreme for the amount of silicon you get, so it makes sense to see some competition appear that brings the price down to a more acceptable percentage of production cost first. Manufacturers are currently not competing on cost at all, it's production rate that is the bottleneck.
Only when there is a reason to use expensive machines and processes to compete will we see competition on the technology scale.
@_date: 2013-08-14 19:20:51
It would be silly to compute entropy dependent on the intelligence of your attacker. This is why movie quotes fail trivially even when they seem complex enough. Assume the attacker is incredibly intelligent and your entropy becomes a true lower bound.
So a safe assumption is to assume that the method in which you compose your password is known to your attacker. Assume the attacker knows everything you do, except the random choices made by the computer. Then sum up the entropy of those random choices.
It is true that I ignored the position of the random characters, so I'll consider that now: The computation is a bit harder, but let's say that for common 5-letter words there are an average of 4 places per word to put such a special character in. If we use anything but special characters or numbers the entropy choices may no longer be independent as they may randomly form different words. For each such character added to a 4-word passphrase this would give 4*4 possible positions, of which the entropy is log(16)=4 bits. So that would actually add 4 (position) + 5.4 (choice of special/numeric character) = 9.4 bits of entropy per randomly inserted character, if the position is also randomly chosen by computer.
(Edited to include independence of choice)
@_date: 2013-07-04 16:36:22
When disabling two-factor and re-enabling it right after the QR-code can't show up. I had to refresh the page.
It's funny, you seem to implement every possible security measure there is, including tons of stuff mostly to do with obscurity. Fair warning there ;)
@_date: 2013-08-15 08:16:26
This would be an issue if you made them up yourself and not left it up to a computer to make uniformly random choices.
Good sources of randomness are hard to find, our mind is definitely not one of them.
@_date: 2013-06-08 12:17:16
It could be easy to fix, as when a power anomaly is detected there should still be plenty of time to securely erase whatever is left in RAM before the chips actually turn off. And if the memory is too big, just add a capacitor to let it erase off remaining charge.
@_date: 2013-06-02 11:23:45
The one thing banks got going that Bitcoin doesn't is that fiat is still insured when it is in an account. bitcoin.de and bitcoin-central.net have been considering getting every user's fiat on name at a bank account, but so far they haven't had much success (yet).
The idea is that an exchange partners with a bank to hold the fiat in the name of the account holder, just like a foreign account. From a legal standpoint this would be ideal for mitigating consumer risk.
Some banks have some close integration with payment service providers as well, so a bank that has this set up could have a head start integrating with Bitcoin-only payment providers.
@_date: 2013-04-20 08:17:17
Fiat currencies may not fail when they are forced to compete with alternate currencies and shed their current disadvantages. It will be in their best interest to get their act together, transaction fees and times will minimize, deflation will have to occur.
A government can still create a cryptocurrency of their own. In fact, I fully expect that the population will force governments to develop a cryptocurrency of their own, initially held by the government, then bought into with the remaining reserves of fiat as happened with the Euro. This would also be an oppertunity to get rid of illegal money in the system, they'd love this.
Introducing and adopting alternate cryptocurrencies is the way to stop the frightening redistribution of wealth. It will keep happening until at some point people are satisfied with a system and choose to accept the new situation.
This prospect makes Bitcoin seem inherently unstable. When a sale of 30.000 coins of the 11 million that exist can still affect the price by such a significant amount, that does not bode well for a system where individuals can decide on 1/10th of the total wealth in an instant.
As efficient multi-protocol AES-miners become more commonplace and less exclusive, i.e. most people can afford to or have some already, there will be a real threat to Bitcoin. This availability is the basis for a first massively organized move to start an alternate cryptocurrency, and it will be more popular exactly because people want a more equal distribution of wealth. Bitcoin is likely to collapse as the large holders will crash the market and leave for the better prospects, leaving everybody that had minority stakes in Bitcoin (that is: most) in the dark. Realize that this happens only because of the disparity in wealth distribution that a new system is designed to counter.
@_date: 2013-08-14 18:46:57
Yours is a fair perspective. Our dialogue only makes sense when you are concerned with not bringing brute-force below the theoretical maximum of 160 bits, i.e. not compromising on even a single bit of security as security analysts often do (or otherwise it is considered "broken"). Otherwise it is silly to argue over a few bits of entropy.
For most practical purposes even 64 bits of entropy is more than sufficient anytime soon. I was more commenting on the fact that people tend to compute entropy incorrectly, making it seem that there is in fact more entropy than is apparent. And this could be dangerous with the wrong assumptions. Entropy is a measure of randomness, and the simple fact that something is known by others negates that.
@_date: 2013-08-14 18:24:37
Why would you assume an attacker doesn't make use of an advantage that you could have potentially given him? This is a computation with the sole purpose of establishing a lower-bound on your known or guaranteed safety, anything that you don't know absolutely should not contribute to your feeling of safety.
@_date: 2013-06-08 09:56:11
For a phone that is designed to last 30 days and has good battery life, why use flash at all for data storage? A pure read-only system makes much more sense as it should be assumed that /any/ data can be used to identify/profile the previous user. If anything, store settings or contacts in RAM only, immediate erase on a pull of the battery.
@_date: 2013-08-14 18:19:09
Not that much, a single character randomly chosen from all printable ASCII characters adds only 6.57 bits of entropy, or 5.95 bits if you exclude special characters. It seems better to just add more random but easily memorized words at 11 bits per word.
@_date: 2013-08-14 13:54:21
Just pointing out that anything with only 44 bits of entropy "4 random words" can be cracked incredibly quickly.
For brainwallets, never use any keys having less than 160 bits of entropy. That's a sequence of 15 random words chosen by a computer from a set of at least 2048, not a human. This is why brainwallets are considered insecure, because people don't tend to go that far.
@_date: 2013-04-20 21:54:15
The problem is that environment factors can easily affect that. True randomness comes from quantum properties like thermal noise that I think are still quite hard to capture. Whatever generator we come up with, it should be dead simple and we should understand perfectly where the randomness comes from. Thermal noise (if we can actually capture it reliably) with a Von Neumann filter for debiasing seems like a good bet. But it needs testing before it is used.
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:16:23
Really, I just realized that [buyincoins.com]( would fit this perfectly, not just the name, small order prices with free shipping makes a great incentive to keep transaction fees down too... Let's hope sites like this wake up soon!