@_author: aficionado2
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:17:29
I purchased the Cigar of the Month using bitcoin and the first month had a great selection of cigars including a Liga Privada LP9 and a T52.  I put the bug in SmokinLogan's ear about bitcoin and he followed through on integrating it.  Support their business.
SmokinLogan, you might post this to also if you haven't already, it might expose some new people to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-07 17:02:10
I ran a Bitseed for well over a year and it performed very well.  I eventually ran out of drive space and moved my data over to a new hard drive.  Jay at Bitseed was helpful in getting that done.  I ended up corrupting it and losing my blockchain trying to update some libraries on the Bitseed.  I started pulling down the blockchain from scratch and realized that it was time to build a new node with more processing power.  I opted for the Intel NUC 6I5SYH with 16GB of RAM, 1TB hard drive running Ubuntu.  It just took a short time to have that up and going pulling down the blockchain which only took a day or 2 compared to weeks on the Bitseed.  If you feed the Bitseed the current blockchain I think it still verifies signatures fast enough for each new block but it is too slow to pull down the blockchain from scratch.
I have 1Gb fiber and with 110 peer connections my node uploads 50+GB and downloads 1.5GB a day, FYI.
Power consumption on the Bitseed is minimal, my new one is like running a PC.
You don't get transaction fees for running a node so there is no payback in monetary terms.  It may be beneficial to the ecosystem but it mostly allows a person to have a copy of the blockchain that they trust and can point their own personal wallets at.
The Bitseed does what you are asking by making it simple to run a node but if anything at all goes wrong you will have to be literate in Unix to get it going again.
@_date: 2017-02-10 17:55:30
This sounds like one of the better options that I have heard of recently.  Good suggestion.  I just setup an Intel NUC as my new node and it is performing well but was not this cheap and is not as energy effecient.