@_author: afire007
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:35:32
The issue isnt needing a correction, the issue is that the market is easily manipulated by very few people.  Its weird because this forum generally holds anti big bank sentiment and fiat hate and also hate any one individual entity controlling a market (hence the whole decentralized crypto being an appealing thought), without realizing that crypto is far more easier for one entity to manipulate than fiat since its completely un-regulated.
You are literally putting your entire faith that the holder or creator of that currency doesnt just dump all the assets they have into the market causing it to crash while they make bank.  There is little to nothing stopping them from doing this. 
I would argue that in crypto market, you will see a ton of this going on for years to come unless some form of regulation is put on the market.   Very few people will end up making 40 to 100+ percent profit, most of the HODL'ers will end up loosing out nearly everything they invested. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:41:13
the market was literally overvalued because of the whales as they pumped money into alt coins (including DENTACOIN  + DOGECOIN) in order to increase buy ins from normies, then proceeded to crash it once it reached a certain profit.  Has nothing to do with hate.  Has to do with facts of an unregulated market.  There is a reason why something like this isn't allowed on major exchanges when trading stocks.   Thats how crypto works buddy.   The question is whether a normie like you is able to spot when a whale is pumping an altcoin and if you can time it to sell before they crash it.  
Thats not a healthy market reguardless.  A coin is a coin, whales dont care what its called, or whats backing it.  They are more interested in using their assets to create an artificial boon for a coin with high trade volume in hopes normies will jump in due to the surge increase in value and dump it at a higher price than their buy in pump, thus drastically decreasing the value in one fall swoop.  
The fact that you think all major crypto currencies dropping by 50% in mere minutes is because of a mere market overevaluation is just niave.  There is a reason for that artificial overevaluation to begin with buddy.  