@_author: afternoontechnology
@_date: 2018-07-01 05:21:45
Hey men, I touched the idea that trading is a game where you have two players fighting against each other and the rest is just observing and reading movements of those players. I am working on a second video that will elaborate more on this topic, but let me get to the main point.
We hear often that 90% of traders fail, I am not sure if that is accurate info because I've never seen those statistics, but let's assume that this percentage is pretty accurate. 
Now, why do 90% fail? Some of those people have probably no idea how to trade, some of them don't understand Technical Analysis, others over trade, some buy on the top, and sell at the bottom.
Those are newbies that are included in this 90%
Now, we have people that do understand Technical Analysis, took some trading courses, they are good with money management, follow specific pasterns, charts, indicators, etc. 
They are also part of this 90%, they might be more successful than the newbies, but still they are not there yet, they still lack something to be in that 10%
Before I tell you what do they lack, I am going to use an example
Let’s use boxing in our example
We have a boxer  and boxer 
Both of them have the same skill set, both of them have similar physically, they train everyday, have great trainers and similar mindset.
Now how you determine who is going to win and become champion of the world? 
Cunning, if both of them are basically the same person in a different body, the winner is going to be the one that is more tricky.
That’s what I mean trading is a game, understanding TA and fundamental analysis + understanding the market is defiantly  helpful, but you still need to be aware that not everyone can win in this game, there are many people like you and that top players are aware of that, they are aware that people follow trendlines, where newbies set up their stop losses, what are the potential targets etc.
The reason why those 10% is successful is because they are more cunning and tricky and they do not share their ideas with the public.
Someone has to lose to make someone win, that is why you should not follow those crypto “gurus” because many of them are just guys that got lucky with trading bitcoin, they are not in 10%.
And the solution? Well start with reading this post and become aware that this is a game and to win it you need to sharper than others, don’t follow the mass. Don’t do what top charters on tradingview are telling you to do because whales know that noobs follow those charts. Think like a chase player, what would you do if you were a bear or a bull? Where did noobs set up their stop losses so you can trigger them, where do people think the price is going so you know that this target might not be reached.
As I said, more on this topic in my second video.
@_date: 2018-07-01 03:43:27
Crypto world is full of “newbies” that are hungry for easy money. This behavior very often leads them to people on TradingView, Twitter, Facebook who have huge base of followers, but are not necessarily “crypto experts”. These people make money from paid groups on telegram or discord and you should never listen to them!
@_date: 2018-07-01 05:24:02
this applies to any crypto influencers/bloggers/gurus. I am not saying they are all wrong, but if someone claims that he/she is always wining, that is a lie. 
