@_author: aga78
@_date: 2018-03-17 17:00:17
If someone is unloading in a market that is still relatively small in comparison to the stock market, and these sales are visible to the public, it creates a panic hence domino affect.  The Mt. Gox sell off did have an affect in this market because it was viewed as a dump from everyone watching the markets closely.  If this market had a market cap of 5 trillion I would agree that this wouldn't even put a scratch on the surface, on the contrary, those coins would have been gobbled up by buyers waiting.  We are lacking confidence.  That is the reason this market is not taking off.  Once people have confidence in where this technology is going, they will be looking for opportunities such as this one.  A chance to get more!
@_date: 2018-03-17 16:47:25
The price will be what we the public decide to make it be.  No one can predict where the prices will go, especially not in this premature market.  Right now, the only thing this market is lacking is confidence.  Once we get over that hurdle this market will explode.  Everyone who believes in this technology has to stick to their guns and not let fear take over.  The price of BTC? No-one knows yet.  I guarantee you though, if people stop selling out of fear, this market will go to the moon!
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:47:56
I think they should be destroyed.  Reason behind this opinion is simple.  Less supply would increase the demand and as someone mentioned will put to bed the fear of what could/would happen if these 160K bitcoins hit the market.  The real question here is how much is owed to each individual investor?  How many people will get the 160k share?  Are there a few hundred? A few thousand? Tens of thousands? Hundreds of thousands? The amount of investors makes a difference. If it is spread out between a lot of investors, then collusion to get rid of huge amounts in the market all at once becomes less of a possibility, meaning less chance to actually depreciate the value.  If that is the case, then I can agree with the idea of giving it back to investors as Bitcoin not cash value.  If you donate them, who is to say that they won't turn around and cash out for FIAT, brining the price down again?  If that is not the scenario then burn them, and you will see confidence build immediately, hence new highs.