@_author: agdkng
@_date: 2017-01-14 02:16:20
I'm from India and I've attended one of the bitcoin 'seminars' by GBMiners here. The writer of this article has done a great job at explaining everything so clearly.
GainBitcoin is the classic case of a ponzi scheme. I knew about ponzi schemes around the world, so I could figure out during the seminar I attended that they too are running it here. 
When i first heard of this seminar in India, I got really excited that finally people are talking about bitcoin in India. I expected young people and programmers to be at the seminar talking all the technical details. But when I reached the venue it was a different sight altogether. A lot of traditional businessmen were there who had no idea about the technology, nor did they care.
The seminar was just about stories and the speaker did a damn good job at capturing the audiences trust and attention. Most people at the seminar had already invested in GainBitcoin scheme and they got new people with them. 
When I questioned them about the numbers and hashrate they command, their only explanantion was - 'its been going on for so long and its been fine. Its a big company so they know what they are doing.' 
 
I knew right then, who am i kidding, these people have no idea what they're in for.
@_date: 2016-10-01 11:29:16
Hi Mahin, nice to meet you too. Thanks for your answer. 
Are you guys thinking of releasing an open exchange like BTCX too? Given your volumes, it could be a huge success. 
And do you plan to add ethereum?
@_date: 2016-10-01 10:51:33
"Users are now using bitcoin as an alternative investment. They are also using it for online shopping, airtime top up, paying bills and buying gift vouchers."
I'm a part of bitcoin community in India, and I can't really relate with a lot of what this article claims is happening here. 
Indians are really price sensitive and despite the volumes given here, zebpay is clearly not the cheapest bitcoin exchange in India. Moreover, cheaper exchanges like btcx and coinsecure have put their data out in the open. Check  for example. I can't see how zebpay is attracting such volumes, given that they do not have an open exchange and are selling bitcoin at such a high price compared to their competitors.
I'm just a curious community member who would like to hear more from zebpay on this.