@_author: agentsmith27
@_date: 2017-01-06 17:19:50
I was really excited about it at first, and I started doing it in the beginning.  I didn't mine nearly as much, but I had about 40 btc before I stopped... The computer that held those bitcoins are long gone...
I think most people who did it in the beginning were sort of expecting it to be worthless. The price didn't really rise all that much, so I think many early adopters lost their bitcoins...
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:02:41


Its the other way around actually.  The printing of money effects your relative purchasing power... The initial purpose of printing money was purely for liquidity reasons.  When money doesn't circulate well, investments cease, borrowing becomes more difficult, people find themselves without cash to spend, businesses go under, etc.  The result was massive deflation and economic collapse.  
The effect of deflation was probably the most damning effect because it prohibits recovery.  The debts you had before hard times are not only hard to pay because of the state of the economy, but now the same labor/services that you provided are worth less.  When debts don't get repaid, things get even worse, and then you get more deflation.  That is  why it took so long to get out of the great depression. The only reason we recovered the way we did was because all of our competitors essentially were destroyed in WWII.
A lot of people advocate still for the gold standard and such because they don't like the concept of inflation.  Ideally there would be no deflation or no inflation... but the gold standard was unsustainable and is what led us into a deflationary spiral.  
So, whenever you have a currency that naturally deflates, this really introduces a lot of additional problems.  You'd never be able to use it as a de facto currency, as no sane person would want to hold long term debt in a currency that always increased in value.  You'd run into all of the same problems we did in 1929 if it was a primary currency... but of course this doesn't mean it couldn't be used as an alternative to an established currency (like it is now).
The risk is obviously more of an important factor.  No one will accept bitcoins as a currency if they are volatile.  Think about it, if your paycheck depended on bitcoins, you simply would know what you'd make in a month, let alone a year.  That is not something people want to do when they have bills to pay, rent to cover, product development expenses, etc.  You need to moderate risk in a currency in order for it to be useful.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:54:25
If people trust it as payment, there will be demand for it, and it can be a viable currency.  If people do not trust it as currency, then demand for bitcoins will naturally fade.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:00:00
It starts to really level off in 15 years or so from what I've seen.  That really isn't that long considering its supposed to be a currency...  
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:00:35


The broad category "Painting" has little intrinsic value, because slapping paint to canvas is so easy that anybody can do that. Le Rêve is worth millions while posters of it can be printed for free because it is impossible to perfectly replicate the original.
You brought up the rarity of Picasso paintings, and I stated that Picasso paintings were valuable because there is a demand for them. Its not because there are so few of them. That is what you fail to understand - demand is always far more important that supply.  If no one wants it, its worthless, regardless of how few of them there are.
Art collection is also a little different because people are paying for the history of an object as well.  There are demand for historical artifacts because people simply want them.  That is the real reason why prints go for much much less.... but even prints are expensive nowadays thanks to copyright restrictions.  


Seriously? A thousand things could drive bitcoin into obscurity.  Firstly, its not a commodity. Its a fiat currency, and its susceptible to all the same problems of other fiat currency.. 
Lets say you have a German mark lying around, and you go to Germany and try to buy something with it.  Well, nowadays, only the Euro is accepted by merchants in Germany.  A German mark is essentially worthless if you can't redeem it.
What do you think drives the price of these bitcoins?  Sure, there is a supply side dynamic... but what it really comes down to is what someone is willing to pay for your bitcoin.  If there is no one out there that wants to buy you bitcoin (or very few people), then the value will naturally go down.   
There are a lot of problems with a non-standard fiat currency, and this makes it even more stable than normal fiat currency.  For instance, what is to stop me from creating my own virtual currency and exchange?  I could call it bitcoin2. Someone else can make the "virtualdollar".  
Its exactly like Pokemon cards, in the sense that they are only valuable because people want them now... in 15 years, they will probably be utterly worthless.  Sure, there will be collectors who will buy it out of nostalgia, or even further down the road people might buy it because of historical value (i.e. antiques), but the liquidity will go to shit.  I'd actually say that Pokemon cards are probably a more stable currency simply because of this.  Bitcoins have no worth as collectibles or as nostalgia.  If people collectively say "bitcoin is dead", purely out of perception or perceived lack of value, then that is it. Bitcoin would be dead.  So, like Pokemon cards, Bitcoin can be replaced and silently devalue as it goes out of favor... quite easily in fact.
Now, I'm not saying bitcoin can't succeed.  The opposite could happen.  People could collectively decide that bitcoin is a viable currency.  If everyone in the world decided to do this, and everyone had an investment in bitcoin, there is a chance that it could survive indefinitely.  Again, it would still have the instability of all other fiat currency, but now it would have some backing.
Right now, there is nothing backing bitcoin.  There is far less stability for bitcoins than there is with other fiat money... which in turn is often less stable than most real world commodities (with some exceptions of course) .
I guess the question I pose to you is, what if 30 other virtual coin providers popped up tomorrow?  Assuming they use the same mathematical underpinnings as bitcoin (lets say they were direct forks of the project),
1) Are those virtual coins all as valuable as bitcoin? If not, then why? 
2) Are they all safe from fading into obscurity, and losing value? If not, then why?
3) What really differentiates any of them from bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:13:56


You are ignoring the "forced" part.  No one is forced to accept bitcoin, but every is required by law to accept the dollar.  It changes everything.  I was only trying to show that this effects the "demand" side of the equation and makes it more important (i.e. the value of the currency is very dependent upon its voluntary adoption).
Add to this a payment platform that does not fundamentally endanger your public credentials with every transaction. A digitally transmittable store of value that you can choose to defend via information security instead of either physical security or reliance on third parties with conflicts of interest. An open payment platform that does not require developers or merchants to sign onto a draconian banking cartel in order to develop innovative or niche solutions to sending or accepting payments. It has the properties of cash and PM at a fraction of the costs to transport or to secure.
Decentralized, autonomous, digital currency. This weeks fashion trend is not having to yield your wealth to third parties as a precondition to voluntarily transact over the internet. :P
Well, if that is the feature that matters, you could make a virtual currency that is pegged to the dollar.  You'd keep all the advantages, but remove all the risk.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:18:04
buys bitcoin, then makes a press release accepting it in his mega conglomerate business.  Next step: profit.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:51:34
A picasso has value based on what it is, not on how many there are of them.  I can make a few paintings as well, but no one will want them.
I did not know bitcoins can split, so yes that would be something useful to prevent this problem... but the issue of prevalence &amp; acceptance is very important. Nevertheless, the dollar is govt backed, and influenced by demand as much as it is supply... its just that demand is solidified by the fact that it will always be common.  No one will ever not want to get paid in their own currency.
Bitcoins on the other hand can still have a demand problem.  Falling out of relevance and into obscurity is a *real* risk.  The acceptance of a bitcoin as a viable form of currency is key to their value.  
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:48:10


With bitcoin demand is clearly more important.  Unlike the dollar, no one HAS TO accept it.  Everyone could decide tomorrow that bitcoins are a stupid idea, and then they'd all be worthless then.  With a dollar, you have to accept it if you are a merchant.  The merchant has to price his goods at dollar amounts people are willing to pay, and that will be directly tied to how many dollars you are paid each week.  How much you will be paid each week will loosely correlate with the demand for your labor, and how many dollars customers are giving to your employer.  With a dollar its all tied together... the common denominator is that everyone is forced to accept the dollar as tender.
With bitcoins, that connection is broken.  The dynamic is sort of reversed.  Most people will NOT accept bitcoins... and bitcoin serves no other purpose than to be a currency.  Unless bitcoins start to reach acceptance as tender, people will be less willing to pay anything for them.  In that effect, demand will be the deciding factor as to whether bitcoins will have any worth in ten years or not.  Most established currencies do not have this problem, and the demand side of the equation is artificially stabilized... 


Well, the reason I brought this up was to better illustrate how the bitcoin process (and the supply of bitcoins) actually has very little to do with its value.  It doesn't really matter how many namecoins are out there, does it?  If its being abandoned, they are all on the fast track to being worth zero.  Only an idiot would put any money into that now... and again, my point is that it doesn't matter if there are 50 namecoins or 1 billion.    
I think the recent events for Bitcoin are not really a testament to being a well supported, mature platform.  Bitcoin could easily go the way of namecoin, and unlike a picasso, no one will want to buy bitcoins after its dead.
You have a lot of other variables to contend with.  The US govt could potentially outlaw it (and naturally they'd force all other countries to tag along).  They could regulate it, which could be equally as damning... A major institution could compete against bitcoin, and with better advertising and promises of more security use it to print their own money (like the early adopters of bitcoin did).  This could lead to devaluation of bitcoins if it becomes clear they won't ever be redeemable for anything, and the new currency will...


Most commodities do have some use though.  Gold, oil, copper, etc. all have uses that make them frequently traded commodities.  Its not purely speculative..  In that sense, I can't see calling bitcoin a commodity.  Its a fiat currency.


Well, its a lot hard to decide to not eat food, or use gold, than it is to not use bitcoins.  Food and gold are useful enough that they will never have zero value.  Gold as jewelry is very subjective, but using it for electronics is not.  It would effect the construction of a lot of products, and this would equate to loss of profits.  Not eating food leads to death, and unless everyone becomes suicidal, they are going to keep eating it.  
What happens if people decide not to use or accept bitcoins? Unless you already own bitcoins, nothing happens. There is no drawback, unless you already paid money for bitcoins... at which point you are sitting there waiting for more people to want bitcoins.  That is the entire process thus far.  Buy a bitcoin and wait for people to want it more than you, and then sell it.  As a currency, its use is limited... 
A purchase of a bitcoin right now is a very speculative act.  You are betting that it will become a worthwhile currency, which is a long uphill battle.  If this doesn't happen, every single bitcoin will be worthless.  A fiat currencies only function is to be useful during finanical transactions.  Fail to do that, and everything falls apart.
   
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:31:48
There are elements far more scarce than gold that are worth a fraction of the cost (like Iridium).  I suspect the value of gold has always been so high because people simply liked it... there are also multiple uses for gold, and since its an inert element, its value after consumption remains the same.  A bitcoin is essentially a binary number, and has nothing in the real world to stabilize it.     
Again, I have to stress that even currency operates not just on supply but *ON DEMAND* as well.  People have to actually want it in order for it to be worth something.  Its as simple as that.
If there was not enough liquidity in the bitcoin exchange, this could potentially cause real problems.  In fact, its happening right now.  People are concerned about the security risks due to the recent hacks, and there is no govt protection (i.e. FDIC). There is less demand, less people who want to accept it, use it, and pay for it.  The price goes down.
Lack of liquidity for other reasons would pose to be an equally frustrating issue.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:38:29
Actually, I don't think bitcoin can be equated to shares either.  As mentioned, it doesn't give you a stake in any real world entity. 
Really, bitcoin should be compared to fiat money.  Most of the money that exists today doesn't even physically exist.  Its just a balance in a database that attaches to your bank.  The value of the money depends completely on what people are willing to exchange it for, just like bitcoin.
The big problem with bitcoin is that the data security in your bank is often better (much better) than the places people are storing their bitcoins.  Transactions are logged and stored by real banks much better than any bitcoin based entity.  This is the big drawback to bitcoins.
Also, the fact that bitcoins will not be continually produced will eventually lead to it being worthless.  Most people think that value will go up when scarcity does, but this is not true.  The value of fiat currency is in part based on its utility.  If very few people possess bitcoins, then they will fall from public view.  Less people will want to trade them, and no one will accept them as payment.  This is very different from a govt backed currency (like the dollar).  "Lost" money is replenished, and the fed keeps enough in circulation for it to be useful.  If they said in 1929, we will not print any more money, ever... then people would have moved to another currency due to liquidity issues, and all of the paper dollars would have disintegrated over time.
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:30:01
Well, I have conceded that if bitcoins can be divided (unlike regular money) that the fresh production is less of an issue.  I apologize, I did not know this.  
Liquidity is still important, and there are a few other good reasons that we continually print money... Although I'm not quite sure how a dividable currency factors into this. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:21:49


I can agree with this... although I think my point was that these type of limitations effect how useful it is as a currency.  If you have to buy bitcoins with a credit card because you don't have cash on hand, doesn't that remove all the benefits of the "no fee" transactions, since anything other than a small purchase would have to be essentially paid for with a credit card or a loan first?  


That is correct, I was generalizing.  People can accept bitcoins if they want to, regardless of volatility... but I was merely making the point that if bitcoin's future depends on how well its adopted as a currency, being too volatile to be a good choice for commerce can be a big drawback.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:39:52
The big problem with bitcoin is that the data security in your bank is often better (much better) than the places people are storing their bitcoins.  Transactions are logged and stored by real banks much better than any bitcoin based entity.  This is the big drawback to bitcoins.
Also, the fact that bitcoins will not be continually produced will eventually lead to it being worthless.  Most people think that value will go up when scarcity does, but this is not true.  The value is based more on demand than scarcity, since its not a stock or commodity.  The value of fiat currency is in part based on its utility.  If very few people possess bitcoins, then they will fall from public view.  Less people will want to trade them, and no one will accept them as payment.  This is very different from a govt backed currency (like the dollar).  "Lost" money is replenished, and the fed keeps enough in circulation for it to be useful.  If they said in 1929, we will not print any more money, ever... then people would have moved to another currency due to liquidity issues, and all of the paper dollars would have disintegrated over time.
