@_author: aggieben
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:15:40
Oh, I see.  Well, then they've missed my point: BitCoin exchanges and wallet providers will likely, in the end, have to follow most if not all the same rules that banks do.  The only way I see that not happening is if the gubbmint just gets too excited about the possibility of monitoring everything.  It's like opium to it.
@_date: 2014-02-21 22:47:33
I'm not sure if you're kidding or just trying to be snarky - but the government can *right now* inspect every single bitcoin transaction quite easily.  So can you or I.  What they can probably do that neither you or I (presumably) can do is also subpoena the information necessary to connect a wallet id to a person.
Anyone who thinks Bitcoin is going to give you a magical financial system that the government can't interfere with is simply confused.  What it provides is a currency that can't be inflated and publicly verifiable transaction records, and a mechanism for near-instantaneous transactions.  That's it.  It doesn't provide anonymity any more than your bank account does right now, and it won't prevent the government from fining you (either through the court system or through the tax system) if you don't play by its rules.
Also, just as an aside, keep in mind that BitCoin is a threat to certain established financial institutions, not the government (at least not the US government).  If anything, I imagine the government is quite anxious to have BitCoin be used more broadly because of the greater potential for monitoring.
@_date: 2014-02-21 22:19:20
Make no mistake: if Bitcoin is allowed to prosper, it will be under similar rules.  BTC is no libertarian panacea (sadly).
@_date: 2014-12-29 20:57:54


We're talking about a hypothetical, not an actual conversation.  The point is that re-denominating bitcoin would create an additional barrier to understanding for people with a low threshold for such things, and that works directly against the goal of generating mass appeal for bitcoin.  People like me who are perfectly willing to advocate for bitcoin among his friends and family will have a new, pointless burden of explaining new, pointless terminology that does nothing at all to enhance the user-friendliness of bitcoin as a concept.
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:53:36
Nonsense.  You're not even making an argument - you're just restating a proposition.  It's actually quite easy to enforce pretty much anything they want to: the SEC can, *at any time*, decide that all US-based BitCoin exchanges fall under its purview, and demand that they comply with all kinds of rules under threat of just shutting them down.  The UK can do the same thing, as can pretty much any government (if the US and UK - *the* global financial centers - shut them down, where will they do business?  nowhere that matters, that's where).
Don't misunderstand me: I'm not saying the government will establish technical controls over bitcoin.  BTC wouldn't allow that to happen, and governments don't need to do that anyway.  It's a purely regulatory issue at this point, and the best thing that could happen to BitCoin is to get slapped with some regulations that leave it with the stable environment it needs to flourish.  
Consider: if BitCoin had a well-understood regulatory environment, do you think Chase would do (or have to) do crap like this?  (Answer: *no*).
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:36:42
Do you think a similar situation couldn't possibly exist with a wallet provider?  Banks only do this *because* of regulation, and regulation can (and very likely will) apply to wallet providers.  There is no technological solution to that, except to form a banking system whose people and physical assets do not exist under the authority of any government. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:40:21
This is the only sensible or plausible response I've seen to my argument.  Thank you for that.  My main point here is not to see BitCoin the technology as a panacea for all regulatory-monetary-privacy woes as so many seem to insist.  
@_date: 2014-12-29 20:48:16
Err...the two are related.  It's a *micro* wave because it uses *microwaves* to heat the food.  
@_date: 2014-10-17 20:11:23
Yep, right on.
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:47:39
I think you're wrong on all counts.
* monitoring blockchain.info with the websockets streaming API is nearly *trivial*, and certainly a far cry from "trace[ing] TCP packets".  You don't even need the NSA to be involved, really.  There are plenty of programmers at Commerce or the Fed with access to plenty of resources to stand up a simple monitoring system quite easily.  The blockchain hands it to them on a silver platter.  It wouldn't require tracing every TCP packet to reconstruct it themselves, anyway - they would just have to monitor the mining nodes.  It's not the technical challenge you imagine it is.  Certainly less challenging than the things it has been revealed the NSA has been doing (tapping *private undersea fiber lines*).
*  I'm curious to know: where can you buy bitcoin without having first to provide an ID of some kind to another institution to open an account for your fiat currency?  Beyond that, every exchange / wallet provider I've seen so far requires some level of verification to connect accounts for transfers, and those verifications can *always* wind up back at providing an ID to someone, somewhere - because that's the entire point of the verifications in the first place.  Once you have a little pile of BitCoin to transact with, I suppose it's a little bit less obvious, but there is really nothing to prevent any sufficiently capably government from getting the information they need to make all they connections necessary for an enforcement regime.
@_date: 2014-10-03 01:36:57
A wire transfer costs $10-15 *per transfer*.  Probably more for amounts that I have no experience with.  A single BTC transaction would cost fractions of a penny.
An ATM withdrawal costs at least 1% of a transaction and up to 15%.  A single BTC transaction costs a fraction of a penny.
A bounced check costs $25, 50, 75, whatever the bank feels like charging you + fees charged by the merchant which tend to be in the same range.  There are no bounced bitcoins.
Check cashing services usually charge 1-3%.  Bitcoins don't need to be cashed.  In the event that they need to be exchanged, the fee is either zero or very small (Coinbase is free, for example).
I just don't see how there can be any plausible argument that traditional financial transactions might cost as little as or less than Bitcoin transactions, particularly for the kind of transactions the poor (and middle class) engage in.
@_date: 2014-11-19 17:25:22
Uh...usually "redenomination" happens when currencies are inflating so badly that people have to use wheelbarrows to pay for a loaf of bread.  That's not really very confidence-inspiring, or good imagery.
Also: I think you're completely wrong about "no confusion".  Utterly, completely, terribly, disastrously wrong.  I can't even think of enough superlatives to tell you how wrong you are about this.  Every conversation about bitcoin I ever have with anyone would begin with "now, I heard about this 'New Bitcoin' thing, what's that?".  
No, no, no, no, no.
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:24:07
The price is the cost to the consumer, so I'm not sure why this distinction is important.  
Right now, moving money with BTC is orders of magnitude cheaper than traditional methods for customers (with the exception of ACH, which cumbersome).
@_date: 2014-11-19 17:32:34


Huh.  I should go find that scientist who keeps heating up my food for me at lunchtime and thank him.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:37:41
The wallet provider can.  You can set up your own client I suppose, but that doesn't stop anyone from monitoring you, and it doesn't stop a government from penalizing you in some way if they say what you're doing is illegal.
@_date: 2014-08-19 21:53:09
I'm not sure who you're talking about.  Anyone with savings cares a lot about inflation.  If they didn't, then you would never see ads for interest-bearing cash accounts, and nobody would use them because they involve lots of hoops to get the highest rates.
Savings vehicles that do better than inflation without the risk of the stock market is the golden unicorn that almost anyone with two pennies to rub together is looking for.
@_date: 2014-08-20 03:23:32


I'm sorry but I just disagree.


Sort of.  I think the primary barrier to entry into the market is fiat exchange (and secondarily: perception of risk, awareness); people wanting to invest large amounts are going to work through it; casual participants are not.


No, I think that's a solution in search of a problem.  IMO the exchange problem has to be solved directly, because fiat currency is how people buy things.   It just takes time for the exchanges to get technically savvy, scale, and get regulatory certainty.  Some of the bigger players are getting pretty close.
@_date: 2014-08-19 12:48:35


I think this is demonstrably untrue: a great deal of the investment industry in the US exists because of inflation.  People care an awful lot about this.
@_date: 2017-07-10 16:36:59
Oh, I don't know about that.  The question to me really isn't whether or not SegWit is a final solution, but whether Bitcoin as a community is politically able to adapt to market needs.  I don't know the answer to that, and I don't think anyone else does either, really.  We'll just have to wait and see.
@_date: 2017-06-19 22:45:55
SegWit doesn't allow for increasing block-sizes, it represents two things as I understand it: 2MB block size (one-time increase), and getting the hashes out of the block header to make more efficient use of the 2MB.  The ETH protocol has a mechanism for ongoing block size increases that should roughly correlate with increased adoption.  Also BTC has a fixed supply and ETH does not.