@_author: aghawa
@_date: 2019-07-24 10:14:38
I find it unsettling how high tech books keep having the same ‘80s and ‘90s aesthethic covers even though we are in 2019.
It’s almost embarassing xD
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:31:47
Please, please do go on nicehash website and read about how it works. I already summarised how it works, by the way. Just do things properly, remember if you lose your btc is your fault.
@_date: 2018-09-25 14:34:39
I agree wholeheartedly and I’m a firm follower of that rule, but let’s remember that people pretty much never had (in the past couple of generations at least) sovereign control over their own money (banks ideology). 
It will take A LOT of time to teach everyone again the concept of own money. That’s why in the meantime, lots of these intermediary companies will pop up AND THRIVE, because people - generally - feel safer putting their money somewhere they FEEL it’s being ‘taken care of safely’ (yes, banks again).
@_date: 2018-09-26 12:16:52
Okay buddy, sure, relax. It’s an option, not forced on anyone.
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:21:38
Interest-backed active propaganda is the same, whether you're dealing in politics, economics, religion.
One willingly walking into a conference about politics/economics/religions and taking a book out of that, is VERY much different than a guy coming to you with a book in their hand "Hey read this because {reason}".
It's not the content of the message the problem, is the method of delivery.
EDIT: if an actual discussion about why I don't agree with this is not enough, and a religious example is not good (why? Because the topic of the imposed information is different?) - then just imagine if to any of us "bitcoiners" someone came with a book called "The Dollar/Euro/FIAT standard" and tried giving it to you because 'it helps'. 
@_date: 2018-09-25 14:53:38
Yeah but who learned these lessons? Me, you, the others in the crypto world? Enough said right?
Plus, COME ON, mtgox was a badly repurposed magic the gathering website, programmed by not so competent people. I understand the problems it created but that was the INFANCY of those platforms
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:08:16
If I remember correctly, it pays out every 0.005 btc to your wallet, and then you can move it to your own.
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:48:54
I'm not negating that - but I'm stating it would not be a welcome act to push it in your face telling you why you need to read {whatever I want to push}
(If there were a book like that I would buy it myself - and there will be a book like that in 15-20 years once the system has changed completely)
@_date: 2018-09-25 15:26:03
I do agree; however in 5-7 years, when there’ll be bank grade security in there, I’m not sure the world will keep agreeing with us. At least for another few years after that. Institutions and ways of thinking that were injected in the span of decades can’t and won’t be made obsolete or replaced within a few years.
@_date: 2018-09-26 12:09:45
Excuse me, how and where would I be 'shovelling' segwit around?
Also I miswrote, it does implement segwit (which actually IS optional, and I never said otherwise?) but for your number 2 you'd actually want HD wallet gen which is also implemented in the same wallet I've mentioned above.
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:51:03
Then you do not know how to read, I'm sorry. And you don't deserve any more support from me because now I feel like you're trolling me just to fish information you can't be bothered to read on a website. 
I have used Nicehash for quite a while to mine, and all it took to understand it was reading half a web page and looking at my balances on there.
EDIT: By the way, I HAVE explained why it says 'unpaid'. Just think a little bit
@_date: 2018-09-26 12:14:20
I said bitWallet allows for his number 2 - never said it did BECAUSE of segwit o_O
But it does support segwit, for whom want to use it.
I mean, meaning of my sentence it’s pretty clear to me, feels to me like you’re just jumping anytime you read segwit somewhere lol
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:19:51
How in the world can you sign up for something like that and don't even BOTHER to read how they work? It takes 5 minutes of reading on their website. But NNOOOO, "Omg bitcoinz! Moonlambomoney".
Nicehash gives you a wallet in their system, that's where the BTC will go to. After they have been moved to your 'nicehash wallet' then you can move them around wherever (including your 'own' android wallet)
Also, word of advice, avoid Bitcoin.com if you actually do care about the ecosystem, if you want to know why, do a bit of research.
If you also don't know how wallets work you'll be burned, good luck
@_date: 2018-09-26 11:31:17
bitWallet solves your number 2. It does implement segwit and a few other things too. Just go check it out.
@_date: 2018-09-25 14:41:02
So did online banks when they first came out - and to some extent they still do today.
I’ll give you all the breaks you need, but do realise that crypto exchanges/banks are incredible honeypots to hackers, especially since 80% of them are programmed by “whiz kids” knowing a bit of this and a bit of that which does NOT include multi layered and structured security. 
As an abstract concept, again, I do agree with you 100%. 
In practice though, you might not like it, but especially the ‘civilized’ world will go through crypto holding companies before actually realising “not your keys, not your money”.  Which is a concept really much more easily explained to people in countries where they don’t have banking and never had. They’ll leapfrog directly.
Edit: not only that, but I think at first we’ll see crypto banks, and then we’ll see “multi sig banks” where they don’t necessarily hold the keys but will provide the “third party signature” to make transactions
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:01:57
This is LITERALLY the same as what religious groups do.
My reply to this (and I am a FIRM believer in the protocol) would just be "What? No thanks".
It's so (sadly) funny that most likely it would also be YOUR reaction if someone came to you with a Bible or a Quran or something, lol
@_date: 2019-03-03 17:32:55
What...are you talking about...
@_date: 2019-03-28 14:12:11
It’s the whole that it’s cringey to hell and back, my friend.
You design a “medieval knight” as btc warrior, then proceed to ruin any continuity by adding a very ugly, font mismatched, badly justified “bitcoin warrior” writing with a completely unnecessary “chip” detail coming off one side. 
It’s just completely not coherent. In a deck of cards you do expect that kind of imagery, yet only the fools will complement it with “high tech” (and badly designed) logotypes of any sort. 
You want to make a thoughtful tshirt with your design? Make it into a simple silhouette with the only “filled” element being the btc logo, then eliminate any writing from it whatsoever.
 My two cents, as:
-someone who likes cool tshirts
-someone who handles poker cards every day (and part of those bad design decisions - some of which are found in your cards as well - are a reason why I havent snatched one of your decks yet, even though I think the drawings are beautiful)
-someone who works on designing a lot of things every day and for a lot of years, including user interfaces.
So, in short, I’d NEVER buy yet alone WEAR that tshirt AS-IS. With major mods I happily would.
With minor mods I’d probably buy a brick of your decks. 
Peace out! 
@_date: 2019-03-07 08:51:39
This is beautiful. Now the only sensible thing for you is to COMPILE HIM AN EMAIL WITH HIS REAL INFORMATION telling him about how you’re going to need all of the btc he scammed, unless he wants you to press charges on him, since you have actual proof. 
Out-hack the fucker. Please. This needs to happen and then become a TED talk hahah.
I’ll accept a % for giving you the idea ^_^
@_date: 2018-10-11 20:30:32
Said the guy who is 'buying sovereignity' with Ver to create a 'libertarian {centralized} government'. All my lols go to you, my incoherent buddy
@_date: 2018-10-03 12:15:00
I had the same conviction as you had. Then I found out that 'regardless' and 'irregardless' are the one and same word/meaning and they are both correct.
Which makes no sense to me (as one has a pre-negation) but there you go, TIL and all that, that's English for you.
@_date: 2018-10-12 23:02:55
I use bitWallet too. It’s a great wallet, even though it’s almost as ugly as sin.
I love it. Supports different BIPs, including Segwit, HD accounts (a fav of mine)...
@_date: 2019-08-28 13:16:52
Just saying, your point about Satoshi’s coins is completely wrong and misleading.
If someone, somewhere, finds a way to access Satoshis coins, he’s not in “for a big prize”, on the contrary - he/she’ll be the start of the ruin for BTC. Satoshi didn’t leave them there “to be hacked” by someone.
@_date: 2019-08-06 13:00:51
You haven’t got the slightest idea of what you’re talking about.
Yes it would work, but would require a completely different backbone system.
I have a place I want to rent for a night only to a person I’ve likely never met. I get paid in bitcoin and I still don’t know who they are. If they trash the place, I’ve got f**kall to get back on them.
I like your brashness in replying to others pointing out the issues.
Clearly shows you haven’t put an ounce of thought into this.
“How many people have bank accts” is NOT a good metric for airbnb which is a very, very “first world” service. But recognising that would mean you’d know what you’re talking about, again.
Plus, you think airbnb hasn’t considered it? They must have refused to integrate it because they hate money and are clearly stupid. After all, it’s not like it’s a technology company. Right? Lol.
Oh well, take my downvote. I’m a hardcore btc believer and supporter, but these posts are why we get laughed at from the rest of the world still. Blind fanboyism sucks in every regard. Especially when trying to convince someone of an argument, without actually detailing the argument xD
@_date: 2019-08-06 13:36:12
I’m absolutely not saying it’s an IMPOSSIBLE FEAT.
However, you would need infrastructure behind it. At the current stage, bitcoin cannot provide what you’re talking about without extensive development work layered on it.
Now, work in that area is underway and has been for a while, but as a business nobody wants to be the guinea pig for something that, IF it breaks in any stage (which it will at some point during open development - talking about btc complex smart contracts here), will bring with it a host of risks that are NOT worth it, for pretty much anybody except new startups who are BORN to take advantage of this new kind of developing market. So yeah, not airbnb for sure, and surely not until there is a fully fleshed, time tested btc smart contract layer that has been tied to the real world (in terms of ID). By the way, this last part alone (virtual currency tied to real data/real things) is one of the biggest problems that a LOT of developers in the whole cryptocurrency community are trying to solve to keep that relationship true to the trustless game theory (which is the problem with it)
You’re thinking about the end user already, however the backbone of it is just not there yet to make it happen the wishful way you’re depicting here.
There, better?
@_date: 2019-08-11 12:37:35
Most underrated comment here, ladies and gentlemen
@_date: 2019-08-11 08:19:35
This really made me laugh, well done to your friend lol
It really reads like context comprehension and answer of a 12 years old lol.
Pretty sure he won’t get the job (unless he won’t have anything to do with the finance part xD), but to be fair, that answer was him explicitly having a laugh xD
@_date: 2019-08-25 11:30:13
There is no transaction, still. There’s no TX
@_date: 2019-06-10 12:26:12
I’ve never understood this line of thinking. They don’t control any of the illegal production and distribution of marijuana, for example, yet they can ban it.
How? Obviously as hard as they try they can’t go down and hunt the last geezer who’s growing a weed plant in his home.
So they just make it really difficult and not worthwhile for the rest of people to use that “service”.
So, they can’t ban bitcoin, but can make it hell for people to use it, AND can potentially backtrace you to some btc accounts you’ve been using, and punish you for it.
So yeah, they haven’t got a way to actually stop bitcoin, they’ve got ways so that people won’t want to use it :)
(And I’m a hardcore btc supporter - it’s just I find these reasonings stupid)
@_date: 2019-08-11 08:42:39
Well, I understand what you guys are trying to do, and it’s fair enough.
However, as a company/brand you will have one shot at this. Others will spawn (and are already there to be fair) and only a very few of those will remain useful and profitable. 
Remember that profitability in a company like yours should NOT take into account speculative price and the holding of fees as assets. 
We all know it won’t be that way, so from a business point of view I already know how it’s going to end.
Then, all it’s left for me is giving a bit of feedback on the image/material you’re showing us here. It really felt a bit embarassing to watch. And I’m not a 15 years old kid, I’m a grown ass man, so not many things evoke that feeling when I’m watching a business proposition.
Don’t get me wrong, I’m not against the idea and concept of what you’re doing. 
The problem with your message is that you are trying to differentiate by explaining features in a very “buzzword” way, which feels fishy at this stage of the technology. Let me explain.
Unfortunately “buy cryptocurrencies to buy stuff online” does not sound a revolution like “order from internet instead of the phone”, and the problem is obviously “buy crypto” part. If people were already earning crypto as salaries, your type of message would already be more palatable.
Since people should buy crypto to use your service, your “mass population target” approach does not work and will not in the next few years still - because what they don’t pay in fees with you, they pay in fees to buy crypto and taxes to sell it back.
So, where does that leave us? If this is a business proposition you’re launching in the short-mid term, you need to focus on who already owns cryptocurrency, which means it’s basically us and the rest of the “cryptointernet”. That’s as easy as that. You won’t have customers otherwise.
Small businesses will accept crypto using one of the free services to integrate on their own easily and punlicise themselves in cryptospace (which will yield to much more paying customers in that sense), big businesses will not care because they bring business on their own website.
So to have any actual paying customers, you’re left with opening a crypto-only store for the crypto holders, believers and nerds, until crypto becomes the way people already pay for things, because they earn it. We agree, yes? Good.
Now, with this as our conclusion, look back at the video you just posted and imagine looking it through the eyes of one of us, your...actual customers. Hello! :)
(If you end up following my suggestions and become a multimillion business, I’ll happily take a cut! XD)
@_date: 2019-06-06 15:00:43
Yup, that’s why if you do face to face transactions, you pay a normal fee, wait 10 mins and get confirmed.
@_date: 2018-11-28 15:28:08
I do agree on the usage of BTC for provable timestamps. Really great idea. Especially expanding the horizon of it to more intriguing human-based traits (history?).
The only problem, as usual with a digital asset is that once it touches the physical realm, it's sensible to human intervention and error. If I'm inputting what's to be timestamped, then I can lie.
@_date: 2018-11-27 10:39:20
This trash article is missing the best bit of reasoning for why 51% won’t work on bitcoin: you can only do it once, then you get routed around. So it’s just not economically stupid to do so, but there’s technical parts to it as well. But hey, crypto journalism right
@_date: 2019-09-03 21:27:16
Coming from a big btc supporter: this stuff is INCREDIBLY cringeworthy, I thought it’d quiet down with time, however this message tends to be publicised even MORE as the time goes on.
It’s pathethic, all those statements are false at a pure ground truth level (true only if you put lots of caveats), and WILL come and bite the btc community in the ass at the first occasion.
Let’s say when btc is finally “mainstream” (here, happy?) people will grow up with those as ground beliefs, and as soon as one crumbles, the whole thing will be in trouble.
However, nobody cares because the only reason people still shill those kinds of messages is because they want their btc to go UP UP UP to the moon, so who cares about badly and wrongly advertising one of the biggest opportunities for revolutions that society has ever come in touch with, as long as my 100 mmmmerican dollarz become 1000.
@_date: 2018-04-25 10:45:33
Not really, if you go look, the behaviour had been to pump until the futures opened because people thought a much more massive amounts of money would’ve flown in from them. It didn’t really happen and so as soon as the futures opened and it was disappointing, the price dropped. Steadily. Not the only reason of course, but I wouldn’t discount its impact. It was supposed to be the first influx of ‘wall street money’.
Remember, everyone is looking at the same charts, especially in a purely speculative market where there isn’t a proper adoption that drives demand yet (and so ‘forces’ people and businesses to buy and sell - regardless of prices -because it’s a needed product). But we’re getting there...
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:37:39
And yet, proof on hand, people will still evangelize bcash...oh well, the beauty of the internet
@_date: 2019-05-12 12:31:42
All what the others said is well and good, UNLESS you could use the money.
In the grand scheme of things 120 is nothing, but let’s put it into perspective: let’s assume you invested 50 originally. 
This means you are now at 170 and tripled your input. In this case, any good investing strategy would tell you to take at least SOME profit on a 3x. You can take 60 out, and if it keeps going up take the rest (or 50% of it) and so forth. When it goes down rebuy.
Not saying it’s your case, just saying to put things in perspective- everyone here is a genius at investing and giving advice until they’re not :)
@_date: 2019-05-12 09:31:20
I use and really like bitWallet.
@_date: 2018-12-03 04:21:33
On iOS, bitWallet is the one I’ve been using the most.