@_author: agnostic_science
@_date: 2018-02-22 19:56:27
A lot of people bet a lot of money that bitcoin will drop its price. If bitcoin starts to go up a lot, they will panic and buy bitcoin. This will cause the price to go up even further. That means that some people *are speculating* that if Bitcoin starts to go up a little it might start to go up a lot.
But I hear this question: why? Why does making a bet of price going down mean you'll feel like buying if the price happens to go up? It's because of the way shorting works.
Let's say you have 1 bitcoin valued at $10,000 and I think it will lose value, but you don't. We agree I will borrow 1 bitcoin from you and give 1 bitcoin back to you at a later date. You agree and give me your bitcoin. I immediately sell your bitcoin on the market and make $10,000. ...but I still owe you 1 bitcoin.
Outcome 1: Bitcoin price drops to $6,000. I was right! I buy 1 bitcoin and give it back to you. The difference for you is sort of irrelevant, you were going to lose $4,000 either way. But now I effectively pocketed the difference and made $4,000 for my gamble.
Outcome 2: Bitcoin price goes up to $14,000. If I buy 1 bitcoin to give it back to you now, I will have effectively lost $4,000. That would suck. But what if it goes higher?! I panic and buy now. I give you back your 1 bitcoin. It's worth $4,000 more to you now, but it's not much difference to you either way, since you were planning on holding anyway. But I lose $4,000 for my gamble.
But now, let's imagine Outcome  for a lot of people who shorted Bitcoin. That first coin I bought increases market demand and decreases supply. So the price goes up to $14,010 for the next guy who wants to buy Bitcoin. But there's another guy shorting Bitcoin who sees the price go up another inch, so they fold, just like I did. Prices ticks up again... $14,020... and that price breaks another person who buys, making the price tick up further, who breaks another shorter who sells because they don't want to lose any more money.... etc. And suddenly there is a run on buying bitcoin from all these shorters.
Here's the deal though: Don't believe everything you read. Everyone's got an agenda. This story is effectively telling people to hold onto their Bitcoin cause the price is going to go shooting up. Maybe they're right, maybe they're not. But do your own research and come to your own conclusions. 
Because, just look at the price now... it's dropping. Now why would someone want to effectively tell you to hold Bitcoin when the price is dropping? Hm... interesting. Maybe cause they are interested in selling right now, and so they are getting this information out there to prop up the price and leave Bitcoin holders holding the bag? Maybe because they are interested in limiting the drop and keeping people from freaking out. 
Maybe there could be a short squeeze, but there's a lot of manipulation and disinformation -- in the marketplace and on the internet. Sometimes people, or groups of people, appear to have placed large orders like this... and then they suddenly cancel them... screwing a lot of investors out of their money who were trying to get ahead of the curve. Basically, do your own research and do what you think is best. Don't ever let other people tell you want to think and what to do with your money. 9/10 times they are just looking to scam you, imo.