@_author: agnudawn
@_date: 2015-03-30 22:38:38
Even more (different HN users, same reddit user):
This thread is all just blatant plagiarism :\
@_date: 2015-02-20 11:53:34
I'm not saying that your math regarding the probability of the specific sequence is incorrect, but rather that it only plays a part in determining whether the sequence is random or secure enough.
Take for example, the Mersenne Twister... it produces a uniform distribution that has a huge period, so each potential output has as an equal(ly low) probability.  However if you know that it is MT in use, you can observe a small number of outputs and calculate all future outputs, as future results are derived from previous state.
Depending on how your die implements getting those 50% 5s, you'll certainly see some other flaws.  e.g. if it's weighted or using a magnet, if it shows 5 half the time, I'd also expect the opposite face to never show.  Even if you assume magic and that it doesn't skew the probability of other sides, the implementation can still bite you based on *where* the 5s show up (can they be influenced by the roller, accidentally or purposely? or previous rolls?).
My original post was mostly in reply to:


And explaining that just because any particular sequence (even the most probable) is unlikely doesn't necessary make it secure.  Like I mentioned in my original post, I don't think this is necessarily insecure, because even if we could predict where the 5s are in the sequence, you'd still have on average roughly 5^49.5 ~= 2^115 possible sequences in the unknown result space.  Most modern cryptographic keys have a key space of 2^128 at minimum, but 2^115 is close enough and intractable to enumerate that I'd still consider it to be secure enough, barring other vulnerabilities.
This is of course if we assume the magic works so that probabilistically it works like a normal dice thrown fairly other than the excess 5s, but that it is susceptible to other attacks.  Hopefully I'm clear in explanation :)
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:05:44
You can't really measure against the perceived likelihood of a particular sequence occurring to get an idea of the randomness.
The dice could be imbalanced and favor (or disfavor) a particular face or set of faces -- not necessarily as obvious as 50% 5s.  The results could also be heavily influenced by previous results or the actions of the thrower, which are harder to measure.
If they're otherwise normal dice and thrown reasonably, given that there are 99 of them, it would likely be secure enough, but you'd have to assume or verify both of those things.