@_author: agoodname12345
@_date: 2018-01-20 01:43:55
You can think of that transaction (and its fee) as analogous to the transaction you would make to send money from your cold wallet (where you keep the majority of your bitcoin as safe as possible) to your hot wallet (where you keep your spending money/spending btc).
@_date: 2018-01-20 01:54:58
Someone smarter them me will hopefully answer your first question. I believe he's connected to at least one node and must remain that way if he doesn't want the channel to settle prematurely.
As for your second, yes, that's correct, and you can think of that transaction (and its fee) as analogous to the transaction you would make to send money from your cold wallet (where you keep the majority of your bitcoin as safe as possible) to your hot wallet (where you keep your spending money/spending btc).
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:02:18
That could very well be!
@_date: 2018-09-10 03:36:21
Three-ither of you are
@_date: 2018-09-02 21:48:54
Exactly. But you always get upvotes for using != like OP did.
@_date: 2018-08-28 20:59:34
I'm wondering, aren't treasuries denominated in dollars, and does that mean that any increase in their value should also mind the ~2% inflation target that the Federal Reserve sets for each year? I.e., that a treasury note or whatever it's called which has increased in value over a year from let's say $100 to $105 (5%) is more accurately really only worth $103 (3%)?
@_date: 2018-10-01 14:52:44
Please tell us more
@_date: 2019-08-25 15:05:41
I've been reading Shoshana Zuboff's 2019 book *The Age of Surveillance Capitalism*.
Sergey Brin and Larry Page began their Google project with a significant antipathy toward advertising. Zuboff quotes a paper they wrote in the early days where they envision a conflict of interest if they should try to serve advertisers as well as regular users searching the web. Zuboff explains what happened to that: "...but as evidence mounted that ads could save the company from crisis, their attitudes shifted.^60 Saving the company also meant saving themselves from being just another couple of very smart guys who couldn't figure out how to make real money, insignificant players in the intensely material and competitive culture of Silicon Valley." (page 114)
The crisis was the dot com bubble burst, which meant even these two guys felt at risk of losing their prestigious VC funding if they didn't start turning a profit for their impatient VCs. Imagine if they had chosen a business model other than valley VCs.
So back then Brin and Page realized that the "digital exhaust" or "digital breadcrumbs" that users generated through their searching behaviors--what Zuboff compellingly (and much less euphemistically) calls 'behavioral surplus'--could be used to \*predict\* user behavior with regard to advertising (and later, beyond advertising). Are these really waste products--"exhaust"--or is it some kind of incredibly lucrative and incredibly ominous digital oil? When Zuboff closes one chapter by listing a few years of the company's massively increasing profits following its embrace of surveillance capitalism, and shows you that they had a *3590 percent increase in revenue in less than four years* (pg. 119), it's clear this is not a waste product. 
So Google AdSense seems to have been the real turning point, the product that ushered in this age of surveillance capitalism.
The AdWords team, just 6 people before all this started, gave us this current hyper-perversion of the original and arguably innate internet ethos. What was once a symbiotic relationship between Google and people using their search which said that "we'll give you search results, you give us ways to improve them" turned into "you will create for us 'behavioral futures' that we can sell to the highest bidder." They showed the world how profitable stealing people's right to decide their own future really was. They found the holy grail of advertising, and they (Google) sent Sheryl Sandberg over to Facebook to spread the virus.
Decentralization, and open source, is the only way to go. These are things the nerdiest of the nerds have been doing for *decades*. 
And Bitcoin is both. Decentralized and open source. (And more)
It is also "tied" to something, despite what some willfully ignorant economists might tell you--raw electricity required to mine new bitcoin and validate transactions. This is important when you consider that, if it was the "business cycle" (another euphemism) and fiat funny money  that gave us the dot com bubble, then a currency that is tied to something, might just mean fewer cases where nerds like Brin and Page sacrifice their instinctive morals to the "emergencies" of a broken economic system chock-full of short sightedness and high time-preferences. Just check out the chart on the [Bretton Woods wikipedia page]( showing "the virtual absence of banking crises during the period of the Bretton Woods agreement, 1945 to 1971." This is a chart that--since it shows this lack of crises as a gaping hole in a field of crises on either side--can't be unseen once you see it.
Now that we have less than twelve years to [change something]( before [feedback loops turn our home into Venus]( I think bitcoin could actually assist, in spite of the outcry over its energy-intensive nature.
As "the wrong Amazon is burning and the wrong ICE is melting', bitcoin's imperative to find the cheapest possible energy means that climate-conscious nation states and alliances of the not-so-distant future can point and go, "hey, you over there! The way you are subsidizing/incentivizing/encouraging coal burning/fracking/etc will kill us all. Fix your shit or we're taking you down.
Of course, that's a somewhat quixotic hypothetical. Maybe the [right wing authoritarians]( of the world (btw, "the phrase "right-wing" in right-wing authoritarianism does not necessarily refer to someone's politics, but to psychological preferences and personality. It means that the person tends to follow the established conventions and authorities in society. In theory, the authorities could have either right-wing or left-wing political views.[18]") will win out on the monopoly on violence first. But don't blame all the nerds. Blame the system. And [learn more]( about democratic economic systems like co-ops and workers' self-directed enterprises. They have a really impressive level of bipartisan support, and numerous success stories around the world. The [Mondragon Cooperative Corporation]( is Spain's 7th largest company, already does about half the revenue that McDonald's (a huge multinational, obviously) does, and has almost as many employees as Lockheed Martin--the biggest US govt contractor at $36 billion dollars obligated. From the wiki page: "The Mondragon system is one of four case studies analyzed in *Capital and the Debt Trap*, which summarized evidence claiming that cooperatives tend to last longer and are less susceptible to perverse incentives and other problems of organizational governance than more traditionally managed organizations." They are thought to be more resilient to recessions, as well (hello, [inverted yield curve and a recession around two years from now!](
If you have a great tech idea, get your funding from [CoBank]( or something similar (they have plenty of money), not from high time preference VCs. Or do it open source! "If you build it, nerds will come!"
@_date: 2019-08-25 15:17:03
The fiat money economic system brought us surveillance capitalism. Some economically benighted but brilliant computer scientists (Larry Page and Sergey Brin) enslaved themselves to a system that soon demanded an abrogation of the human right not only to privacy, but to determining one's future. More democratic economic systems are probably the 'cure for capitalism', and what if bitcoin can point us to some of the worst climate destroyers?
@_date: 2019-02-28 01:44:56


@_date: 2019-02-21 02:35:26
"We've has money for thousands of years, potentially tens of thousands of years. But the money we have today is very different from the money we had in the past, because something changed in the last 50 years that has fundamentally altered the course of money, of currency, of this system of communicating value to other people. We have the three components--medium of exchange, unit of account, she store of value--those have been around for millennia. And then, something happened. 
In 1970, Richard Nixon signed the [Bank Secrecy Act]( and turned money into a system of control. A system of control that attempts to use money as a political tool, in order to control who is able to send and receive it, who they are able to send money to, and aims, ultimately, to the complete surveillance of all financial transactions worldwide. Complete, total, totalitarian financial surveillance. This change 50 years ago has gradually percolated through every country in the world, every financial service in the world, every bank in the world.
In 1970, Richard Nixon *deputized* the financial services field, to turn them into a branch of law enforcement. Law enforcement beyond borders, law enforcement beyond jurisdictions, and, most importantly, law enforcement beyond due process, beyond political and democratic control, beyond recourse.
A cop can confiscate your money, a judge can sign a warrant to freeze your accounts, and a bank can do both of those things without any authorization from anyone, and there's nothing you can do about it, and this applies worldwide."
[Andreas Antonopoulos: Money as a System-of-Control](
@_date: 2018-11-02 18:11:44
Traders have just about the worst sense of humor. Congratulations on reiterating the same old tired joke for the nth time.
@_date: 2018-07-20 17:14:33
Can we expect anything more from websites like this "coinjournal" one? Is it me or is there more and more clickbait spam these days from websites like this? Every time I see another big submission from one of these bitcoin/cryptocurrency specific websites I just imagine that it must be clickbait in hopes of increased ad revenue to someone's site... Of COURSE it's too good to be true.. Shameful.
Edit: meanwhile, people can now buy Amazon giftcards on the lightning network and where has the submission gone? Somehow people are upvoting the heck out of this dishonest submission and apparently ignoring a really remarkable development!
@_date: 2018-12-28 00:43:06


Aaaaaaand *this* is why he's promoting free speech. "Free speech" means unlimited campaign contributions so that the Kochs and other oligarchs can buy their preferred public policy.