@_author: agoroman1968
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:07:40
Not sure what you mean by "pop-Austrian"?
 I am well versed in the area of economics of this very school of thought and think that the main idea with Bitcoin is that it is NOT controlled by a central governing body politic, i.e., government, OR its cronies who run the banking cartels through central banking schemes. BTC is in fact a real laissez faire money. 
It IS also, theoretically speaking, of extremely limited scarcity. This characteristic is different from all other commodities that have been used as a medium in that Bitcoin will no longer continue being digitally "mined" once the total number of bitcoins reaches 21 million BTC. This means, theoretically speaking again, that BTC can actually continue to appreciate in its purchasing power, so it is an extremely powerful economic technology which facilitates REAL saving and REAL investment. This latter characteristic is quite contrary to that of government monopolized currency systems and the cartelized banking that surrounds them where the effects of arbitrary inflationary policy depletes the currency of its purchasing power ad infinitum. This is where the individual is hobbled by "debt" seemingly in perpetuity. Also it is where compulsory "investment" occurs...I digress.
At any rate the fact that BTC is also highly divisible makes it especially attractive as a medium of exchange. BTC will NOT be without its pitfalls and volutility, as NO technology to date ever has been devoid of, but it will very possibly prove to give individuals the power to walk away from destructive states in the manner Gandhi would approve of: PEACEFULLY. 
If you cherish the Non-Agression Principle and you want to act peacefully and upon your own volition then BTC is for you. A laissez faire money which carries with it no encumbrances by the state is the technology that could starve that mechanism of compulsion, control, violence, and destruction and pave a more peaceful way for individuals to cooperate and prosper within any society. 
If you do not understand the corollary of the state with the fostering of tyranny and perpetual warfare and economic, ecological, and social chaos, I recommend Austrian Economics.
As far as BTC goes, you're on the right track in at least securing you savings.
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:23:39
Yeah, you should keep your "money" in the currency your government straps you to through legal tender laws. Hobbling you with the debt burden of taxation, decreasing purchasing power and economic chaos through inflation of the supply ad infinitum.
The advice is not necessarily bad when it comes to investments. But money is what the market makes it, not the state.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:43:12
MtGox is a free market currency exchange which employs Bitcoin as its base currency/money. Bitcoin is extremely new and WILL be quite volatile while it struggles with normal growing pains. 
Market fluctuations are a natural phenomena with any commodity seeking perpetual equilibrium up until, of course, should it do so for economic reasons, it burns out or dies through further market evolution. 
To date, precious metals have proven the most durable commodity for economic purposes, hence the argument FOR holding and speculation in them. I recommend precious metals as well as BTC. I'll also defend Bitcoin, as well as other competing currencies, as another technological vehicle for preserving purchasing power and savings.
If you live paycheck to paycheck, and do not fully understand speculative markets, I recommend you stay out of ALL such exchanges. Especially if you are expecting to become rich overnight as some may have suggested they have. I don't doubt that some HAVE become quite a bit more wealthy, I myself have made some money on speculating in BTC, as well as LOST some. But the bottom-line is that I, as well as all other players at MtGox, do so VOLUNTARILY! Any suggestion that the folks at MtGox should be targeted for a political witch-hunt is absurd and disgusting!
These folks are providing a much needed service to those who WILLINGLY and VOLUNTARILY want to attempt to preserve their purchasing power and savings. By doing so MtGox provides a real free market  alternative to government mandated fiat currencies which rely upon the machinations of central banking schemes which are enforced through "legal tender" laws and further perpetuated through compulsory capital controls.
If you wish to hold and use BTC for exchange/purchasing purposes, then simply fund an eWallet, seems this is the ultimate reason FOR BTC. 
At any rate, patience and perseverance shows maturity. And if you've lost some money on BTC through the MtGox exchange chalk it up to poor decision-making on YOUR OWN part! Leave the witch-hunt for the children who run to the paternal state every time THEY make their OWN mistakes and simply cannot own UP to them!