@_author: agraham999
@_date: 2016-06-09 17:59:47
Thing is, I've watched over the years as btc went from anti-establishment to full blown establishment. Everything everyone wanted to avoid with this technology is now being co-opted by those you wanted to keep away from it. 
The reason this is happening isn't because btc/blockchain is some remarkable superior tech (and I'm not suggesting it isn't)...it is because venture capital has run out of places to put money and needs something new to pour their billions in. Stagnant money is bad money for VCs and banks.
Think about it, most of the unicorns haven't gone public, some are failing, most can't get acquired because of their valuations, and a lot of startups are just the "Uber of _____". 
But blockchain investments are cheap right now and there's tons of them. A few scraps here and there and all of a sudden there's a mad dash to invest in blockchain.
I'm working with some blockchain tech myself, but I'm beginning to get blockchain fatigue. Every day there's like 6 different Ethereum press releases...and it is just the same guys joining new boards and whatnot. A bit too much nepotism for my taste. Consensys alone has like 20 projects going. Not to mention we're starting to see a lot of proposed startups trying to simply convert centralized tech into decentralized tech and frankly a lot of this is just stupid. 
Anyway...point is...I expect VC's and bankers to completely dominate this field in 24 months and all the scrappy devs will be gone and it will just be the same money making more money to add to their piles of money.  
@_date: 2016-06-15 13:10:57
Actually she makes some valid points in her piece, but I already commented on what those were in another post. I'll say this however...
Reputation systems are not authority or trust, but a mitigating reduction of distrust. Trust is an essential part of any system. Blockchain is not a system of trust. It has no backing authority, it has no insuring authority, and it is a pretty shit database when it comes to efficiencies. 
I say none of this as a detraction of the technology...a tech I use every day. But the ideas she puts forward are all valid in that there are systems today that have more trust, more authority and backing...that are also decentralized, distributed, and efficient on factors that make blockchain look like a tinker toy. 
Now...those are facts. But what's really powerful and interesting to me about btc and blockchain is the cryptography\keys behind it. There's some next level shit there that I do think is revolutionary and will change everything. 
I think what's likely is that the ideas of blockchain will inspire new technologies to be born from it, and that this iteration of this idea is not in fact the future. 
Those who were early to the party were right to be impressed with it and to get on board. But frankly, often the first iteration that captures the imagination is not the one that survives. 
The early adopters of this were clearly all pioneers in thinking. I myself actually didn't fully appreciate it because I couldn't get past those who kept professing it as an investment. But when I saw what could be done beyond the idea of the currency itself...I was...shit I don't even have the words for it. 25 years I've worked on bleeding and cutting edge shit...I've had the luck to work on a few things that changed the world...and this will change the world, but I don't think it is how some people view that change...I think it is going to be something very different that I'm seeing in what we're working on.    
@_date: 2016-06-09 08:23:47
Those dinosaurs still control around $100 trillion in assets and are starting to dump a lot of cash into btc and blockchain tech. I think it is a bit early to gloat. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:05:40
I will tell you Greece doesn't have internet. CNBC reporting that cellular and ISPs might shut down because they can't pay their bills. With the loss to capital and credit to pay for things, services are all down (dropbox, apple, aws, paypal, etc)...not to mention the fact that banks are closed likely until next Monday. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:32:41
The currency is only as good as what you can spend it on and if you can't get money into it (because you have none/banks suspended/credit cards suspended) or out of it (because there are no working banks), and if all the people you need to do business with outside your island don't have or take the same currency...it is rather pointless. You can't just push some virtual currency around and around unless something backs it. As far as backing something with gold...you can't eat gold, you can't drink gold. The Greek crisis is about as bad as it gets...and this is someone who has developers in Greece that I can't pay even if they had bitcoin because their landlords don't take it. 
@_date: 2015-10-08 07:54:35
Since I'm the person mentioned here I should explain and reply. I've worked in tech for over 20 years and written about it for over a decade. I've been through the issues surrounding piracy and as an author for O'Reilly I've even taken the RIAA and others to task for their heavy handed and closed minded tactics in the past. I believe strongly in creative freedom, remix culture, and transformative use, but I also believe artists should be paid...even if that payment is a micropayment, they deserve that. Fair use doesn't necessarily mean free use.   
When we started building out our technology, we wanted to take an approach that was also 50% methodology (too many people focus solely on tech)...we wanted to make sure we weren't locking things down, but instead freeing them...allowing people to do what they are already doing, by bringing them everything they want directly to their fingertips and allowing them to mix, remix, mashup to their hearts content. We don't worry about DRM because you can't stop those who ultimately don't want to pay for things. Our belief was that if you want to steal, you will steal. What we did instead was build out a technology and structure that basically says if you pay for things, we'll give you more and more value for supporting those artists and rights owners. But we also make getting things stupidly easy...it is worth paying for the convenience...one tap and everything you want loads up where you want it. 


I understand more than a smidge, and I don't believe that...I believe it is a waste of time to worry about it. Instead, do something better. We're not worried about you ripping something from a service...we're going to give it to you direct from that service. Ripping is time consuming. How about we just deliver it direct to you from that service? 
So OCL is a non-profit/for-profit entity where the core technology that makes all this possible is put into the NFP so that artists finally have a technology platform of their own. They will own their own technology, and not simply be at the mercy of gatekeepers. It gives them a sense of control over their destiny and it allows any app or platform on the planet (particularly startups) to get access to catalogue that normally would take years to gain access to and usually require a large check paid in advance...we make all that go away with a single SDK. Do in days what is now actually impossible. 
For citizens who want to make things, we've got a process that auto-clears all the rights in advance so you can make anything you like. No takedowns, no bullshit, no heavy handed tactics. We take all the incompatible and complex issues of copyright and make them go away. And we're doing for your own creations what we do for others...because all of us are creators in this age and your creations have value. 
You want STEM/MIDI files for a remix...done. You want to make cat videos with popular music and clips from Getty...done. You want to use creative commons images or video with copyrighted music...done...and with auto-attribution. You want to monetize or commercialize your new creations...those options are available as well.  
As for the issues of scarcity and how we make that possible without DRM...it simply has to do with thinking beyond the old ideas of ripping...if an artist wants to release a limited edition digital copy of an album they can...but it really has very little to do with the music but the world in which the album will open to the fan. I can't really say much more about most of this because of current IP and some strategic planning...but you'll see it soon enough. We showed this off at the Imogen event. 
But I'll close with this. Two years ago I was struck with this idea born out of the constant bullshit fighting between creative and tech...10 years on and still no solutions, just arguments. We needed to move on and to do that we needed something that took a look at the current landscape and leapt over it...that said we're stuck in the wrong methodology of how we think about dealing with rights and digital assets in this age. We're so concerned with locking things down that if we instead took the approach of unlocking it but ensuring everyone got what they wanted...everyone would be happy. So we spent a year and a half talking with all types of artists and rights owners (OCL is multi-repertoire, not simply music) to design something for the future before writing a single line of code.  


DRM and locking down digital assets is not only pretty much impossible, it puts rights owners and rights users at odds against each other as adversaries. This is an ingrained mentality that makes actual progress impossible. My view has always been that stealing only gets you the initial satisfaction/instant gratification. But when you spend money...it will unlock new worlds that have never been available before. Every single penny you spend also builds a direct/closer bond between you and the artist you support. 
And yes...we use blockchain technology, but we're not a "me too" approach that many have been taking. We had already built the core redundancies of our own platform before we tackled blockchain because what if it isn't the next big thing? So we're blockchain agnostic, you could say. What we've used blockchain and the ideas behind bitcoin for I can't fully talk about yet (you'll like it), but I will say this. Since I first envisioned this solution, I was adamant about one thing...we will not know who you are or track you as is the monetization model of most platforms today. We're removing the idea of platforms holding your persona...your identity...the ideas behind usernames and passwords...of holding personal data in the cloud to be hacked and used against you. Nope...will not have any part in that...won't store any financial data, and we won't use people as guinea pigs to test ad delivery systems against. We're not ad supported and we think what we're building is too important to put your personal identity and safety at risk. And frankly...when I got involved in the Internet in the early 90's...this wasn't the web I signed up for. I think people are ready for something better and better is what we want to build.    
@_date: 2017-07-03 10:14:04
I don't use bitcoin so I'm no slave to miners. How are the fees working out for you at the moment? There is always a boss.
@_date: 2015-10-08 09:22:10
Personally any approach like that one is backwards. This is still thinking along the lines of the past 15 years of digital blundering in the dark of how to lock things. A better approach (at least one we're pursuing) is about increasing the value of what you bought. More and better locks won't improve or reverse the fortunes of the music industry. But building a better way to enjoy and experience music by returning something new and unexpected...that's going to change things. 
@_date: 2017-06-21 19:18:01
Freedom is an illusion...btc freedom doubly so. You are still a slave to a system. Miners, coders, service providers. At least my lounge providers have clearly stated the terms of my enslavement, which includes free drinks. 
@_date: 2017-06-27 09:55:53
Not only do they have fraud prevention/analysis...I believe they perform anywhere from 100-500 fraud checks in under 1 second. 
Every transaction is replicated between all the relevant parties almost instantly. I mean when I use my cards today, I have a record of it almost the second it occurs. 
I think the issue I have with current btc arguments is that people want it to be something it doesn't need to be. It doesn't need to pay for coffee or gum. We have those systems. It can handle some large transactions that don't require immediate verification. I mean shit...there are a number of things I can wait 10 minutes for for confirmation. 
Then again, I've found my UK bank can move money to my US bank in about an hour. I've yet to care whether or not that happens any faster, and if something occurs where it fails, I have a party I can call. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:46:41
You're just scratching the surface of Visa. They represent 2B cards and perform 5B transactional messages per day, and perform hundreds of fraud checks in a split second, resulting in $7T in transactional volume per year. Scalability isn't just an issue of block size, we're talking all sorts of transactional aspects no one really thinks about.
@_date: 2017-06-27 09:51:05
I'm not trolling. You called me a slave. I simply pointed out that in BTC you are not entirely free. So you have 100% freedom in BTC? So miners I guess have no control over anything? And I guess speculators of btc and price fluctuations are completely in your control? You have chosen a system that still has controls in place and people who can influence how things occur.
@_date: 2017-06-27 21:11:33
The problem is that humans DON'T educate themselves against scams. These fraud systems are in place to often protect people from themselves.
Just saying blockchain or btc have a long way to go to provide the same value that I currently get from card services. The cost to me is negligent, and the services in exchange provide me a great deal of value.
@_date: 2017-06-21 19:16:24
Visanet doesn't just handle transactions, they generate transactional data or messages at around 5B a day. So not simply the transactions, but the data to back these transaction up and the parties involved in those transactions. Visanet is also a franchise, that globally processed $7T in transactional volume and nearly $5T in payments...although I noticed my numbers are now old...they did $9T...that's trillion with a capital T. That's over 20% of US GDP. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:51:40
How is it cheaper, faster, cooler and better?
Does a lighting wallet get me travel benefits and upgrades? Access to lounges? Automatic insurance on purchases? Auto/travel insurance? Fraud protection? Dedicated services? Bonus points? That $400 a year gives me all these things at about $34 a month. I lost my iPhone once and they covered half the cost of replacing it.  