@_author: aguythatwritescode
@_date: 2016-04-23 15:46:17
If you scan a QR code with the coinbase app that requests less than 0.1 BTC, it just sends it with no confirmation.
Someone can scam you out of your hard earned bits.
@_date: 2016-04-22 23:47:17
Honestly, for small holding and starter users, any online wallet does the job including Coinbase.
Once you start holding large amounts of coins, understanding private keys and public keys is important. 
@_date: 2016-04-23 06:05:57
Yes and the premise of the Arpanet was "...to exploit new computer technologies to meet the needs of military command and control against nuclear threats, achieve survivable control of US nuclear forces, and improve military tactical and management decision making". It became the Internet now used for telling your friends what you had for lunch, and looking up cat videos. 
Just because something is designed in one way, does not mean it will always be used for that. Online wallets exist and no matter how much you like or hate them, they should be considered to be an option for beginners until they are ready to immerse in the technology. Once the technology and understanding gets there, it will happen. Technology changes and sometimes, not for the better. Look at SPV wallets, the idea was to remove the node requirement for wallets to  "make it simpler".
@_date: 2016-04-23 06:18:57
I understand it, but the average user does not.
Go ask 100 people in the street what the difference between a Bitcoin private key and a public key are. Hell, just ask them how many satoshis are in a Bitcoin. If you get 5 of them that give you a decent answer, I would be surprised.
Unfortunately, beginners are more likely to lose their coins in a personal offline wallet than an online one, and you can find plenty of examples of people here who attach incorrect fees, lose their recovery phrases, or lose their wallet.dat file. 
Edit: Online wallets have their own issues, but expecting a beginner to jump right into the tech is not going happen.
@_date: 2016-04-23 05:34:43


Yes, you're right, when you spend a fresh $100 USD bill, you have to know the bank account's routing number of the company that's taking your money and if you forget it, your money all of sudden just vanishes out of your hand.
THERE IS NO REASON to hold your own private keys unless you are committed to Bitcoin and first time users are more likely to lose their coins than to have them seized/stolen by an exchange wallet. Mining fees actually matter little compared to the amount of people that accidentally uninstall a wallet app with active satoshis (been there, done that, 20k satoshis burned) because they don't understand the technology.
Seriously, guys, Bitcoin tech is for techies but the average customer wants a simple item that they can use, not a technology to learn.
Edit: [This guy]( has a better argument than the "hold your own keys or the EVIL exchanges will get you"
@_date: 2016-04-23 06:38:10
Well, we still both like Bitcoin... I think.
That's the best you can hope for when arguing online.
Edit: If someone writes a secure app that gives you "online wallet - no shooting yourself in the foot" with "offline wallet - have your own private key", I'd be stoked about it.
@_date: 2016-04-23 06:25:56
No argument there. Just arguing the odds of losing coins in an online exchange versus an offline wallet for a beginner.
Most of the people in this subreddit are seasoned enough to be able to spin up a new node and create a wallet within it, back up with private key with PGP and use it to their heart's content.
The average target user just can't (assuming Bitcoin is something for the masses)