@_author: aiguo888
@_date: 2015-12-05 06:41:02
It's quite common for the US to request extradition if the crime is related to the US somehow, even if the suspect was never on US soil to begin with.
I.e. 
Thailand is also known to be a US puppet that doesn't mind extraditing random foreigners to the US, as thais generally dislike foreigners anyway. Laws only apply in Thailand if you have the money or influence to back them up.
Last major extradition I can recall (he was lured there just because the US knew Thailand would extradite him): 
@_date: 2015-10-07 13:01:45
High rollers get credit from the mafia in the mainland, which operates junket rooms on the casino and also collects in the mainland.
Low rollers that want to gamble with more than they can withdraw from an ATM go to the jewelery shops where the Bitcoin ATMs are now and purchase jewelry via debit / credit card which would get returned instantly at a certain loss for cash.
In theory Bitcoin would be cheaper, but I'm sure if the popularity increases, the shops want an equal cut, which is slightly lower though due to a lack of credit / debit fees.
The per capita statement is a bit deceiving btw. There are only 4 ATMs but the per capita is the highest because Macau is tiny.
@_date: 2015-10-07 13:15:44
The last 10 minutes are about Europe:
If still TLDW:
- The study that supported the creation of the EUR as a single currency for all of Europe was rigged.
- The eurozone crisis was engineered by the ECB.
- The ECB is extra-judiciary and it's heads have diplomatic immunity
Basically we're on the way to an NWO (the documentary doesn't imply this but it's not too far fetched).
@_date: 2015-10-08 08:32:40
Yeah and if you have ever been to Macau that makes sense because the place is really small and the area where they are is where all the "jewelery shops" are that do the instant returns for cash transactions.
@_date: 2015-10-07 10:07:46
“Princes of the Yen: Central Banks and the Transformation of the Economy” reveals how Japanese society was transformed to suit the agenda and desire of powerful interest groups, and how citizens were kept entirely in the dark about this.
Based on a book by Professor Richard Werner, a visiting researcher at the Bank of Japan during the 90s crash, during which the stock market dropped by 80% and house prices by up to 84%. The film uncovers the real cause of this extraordinary period in recent Japanese history.
Making extensive use of archival footage and TV appearances of Richard Werner from the time, the viewer is guided to a new understanding of what makes the world tick. And discovers that what happened in Japan almost 25 years ago is again repeating itself in Europe. To understand how, why and by whom, watch this film.
Bitcoin is probably vulnerable to manipulation as well at this point, but it's still better than no alternative at all.
@_date: 2015-10-07 11:33:49
Yes and no.
The 2008 crash followed the same pattern, so it's not like the US itself is even safe from large scale manipulation.
I always thought NWO conspiracists were tinfoil wingnuts, but things aren't too far away from that anymore.
A large scale use of an alternative currency like Bitcoin that circumvents fiat currencies altogether (as soon as fiat is accepted, it can be manipulated by the very people that control fiat currencies) could bring down the whole show and I'm sure a good percentage of gen Y would be up for it if properly educated.