@_author: aikokazuki
@_date: 2013-07-08 02:51:41
It's true that anywhere in the world a government could make attempts at shutting down the internet or maybe even be successful at the very least at blocking some sites.  But that's what Tor is for.  
But there is a bigger point being missed.  The implications of bitcoin change the properties that have allowed these corrupt governments.  If widely adopted the major power mechanisms in place would loose their strength.  So a world run on bitcoin is a lot less likely to have such consolidated power that would allow totalitarian shut downs of the internet.
See there is human nature which involves trying to get power and then there are the properties of modern capitalism and fractional reserve banking which sends ridiculous amounts of money to the top of the pyramid to the point where way more power then an individual would ever naturally desire has been given to them.  That's when things get ugly.  So if we can embrace systems that distribute power then we break up those empires that have lead to the corruption being protested.  
@_date: 2013-07-08 02:59:58
There is no third world.  There is just one world.  I've lived in so called "developing" parts of the world and they are exactly the same as the rest in many ways.  People have cell phones, like video games, like the internet, like to listen to music, like to hang out with friends.  There are shopping centers and some of the largest cities in the world.  Then there are rural areas.  Just like in the so called "First world" these people have a more isolated culture and are not as integrated into technology but are still just average people getting by.  
Then you've got severe poverty happening in a few places.  Quite a few.  These places feel wrong and backwards and inhumane and immoral.  Because they are.  These parts of the world all had at one point civilizations that thrived.  It's not like they have always been in the mud and are still in the mud.  They had their fall.  In all instances of poverty their are controlling forces that have caused this poverty.  Usually driven by some need to compete for resources, space, jobs or in some cases culture.
The people in poverty have nothing wrong with them.  Given a chance to rise up and become powerful in their own lives they will.  
So if you can take away the power from the guys at the top by eliminating their endless cash machine mechanisms through an embrace of Bitcoin then all of the little guys have suddenly been empowered.  Not because they can make a digital micro payment peer to peer and that's so cool.  But because the giant power structures that have kept them poor are being weakened and ultimately broken up.
@_date: 2013-07-08 03:15:27
Why bitcoin, because it's the most mature and ready to use.  Why HTML?  There could be other languages to describe a link on a page?  Because HTML arrived and the world embraced it as a back bone technology.  Of course the whole space of crypto-currency is important but we have to acknowledge that this movement has a front person and it's Bitcoin.  That's what the media picks up on and that's what people are building the echo system of technology around.  So we shouldn't be shy about it, it's Bitcoin because Bitcoin is it.
@_date: 2013-07-08 03:16:57
Done:  
@_date: 2013-07-08 03:07:21
Try holding a free and fair election in a world where a few key individuals have access to literally unlimited amounts of money.  The way fractional reserve banking works provides this to international banks that ultimately get in bed with what ever side looks to be getting the popular vote.  
People get mad at Obama for siding with the Muslim brotherhood.  It's not that he has done that personally, it's just that those who back him also back them so it then appears he's endorsing them when in reality he could probably care less.
Try to restore human rights with out doing anything about the fact that to those in true power, bigger then governments, the international banking community, they really don't see a problem with human rights violations.  In fact the more the better because it keeps people afraid and easier to control.
So naturally people don't want to violate each others human rights.  It's unnatural pressure applied through economic manipulation that creates the setting where that takes place.
I don't believe in utopias.  That's just a concept.  Life will always have good and bad in it because it's relative.  But we sure can slide ourselves up the scale getting ride of mass exploitation happening to middle and lower class citizens around the world through breaking the international banking empire through an embrace of crypto-currencies.   
@_date: 2013-07-08 03:11:53
Actually counter-revolution in Egypt is generally older and the revolution generally younger.  I also don't think you meant to compare the counter-revolution with the Gezi park protests since it's actually the Egyptian revolution you could more easily compare.  Really there are people of all ages on both sides but I agree and appreciate your point and believe it to be true.  
@_date: 2013-07-07 13:57:12






Actually it's more likely the Egyptian Pound drop's to 90 percent it's previous value, almost already has over the past year.  Since many loans and debts are fixed to the Egyptian Pound in egypt a move to BitCoin would strengthen their ability to get Egyptian Pounds for very cheap.
Imagine it in the US, if you could get suddenly US dollars for 1/10th the cost they were a year ago you could use BitCoin to quickly buy up a lot of cheap US dollars and settle all your US dollar debts.  
A country in debt Crisis such as Egypt should seriously consider this.