@_author: aintthatdatruth
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:44:26
Getting tired of reading all these reddit geniuses that don't have a fucking clue. 
They say it's a scam, I ask about the futures, they say what futures, I say the futures JP Morgan purchased on Bitcoin on CBOE Global Markets Inc. Ya know the futures that say Bitcoin will be 18 500 by months end. 
They down vote and cover the facts. 
You fuckers are twisted for the amount of false information you are pumping into reddit. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 10:28:11
That would be on the site given. Follow the header the same way you would reddit. 
The fact I got two people asking how to use a website in today's day and age, like fuck off!
What are you my parents?
@_date: 2018-01-12 14:30:52
How can you read those old medical journals and not at least be a bit skeptical of this?
Methodone is today man, not yesterday, not decades ago, today! It has got to the point of being an epidemic in the Canadian Province of Manitoba. Do to my brother's struggle with drugs (specifically Heroin) I've come to know the topic. 
He broke his Heroin habit, he struggles to overcome Methodone. Yet every Doc says the former is much worse then the latter. Yet those taking the drug say the opposite and call the Doctors liars. The former drug addicts feel they've been cheated by a monthly prescription fee. 
You are ignoring so much data on the table in pursuit of fuzzy feelings. Doctors will always view themselves as saviours out to do good. Yet if you talk to their clients, they aren't doing so hot. 
The responsibility is to the user, but letting the Docs off Scott free for a history of social drug addiction and the role they played is just such a farse. 
If you "cure" a disease with a drug (of any sort) then addiction is a likelihood and the negative effects on society are evident. Meanwhile Docs profit huge. I'm sorry but I'm not ok with that. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 02:41:58
Ya one of the largest investment groups on the globe must have just missed the mark on this one. I mean all the futures they have now are expiring for exactly what they said they would sell for (11.5) but I'm sure this time they will miss their mark.
Its not like Billions of dollars at their disposal is of any use. No use at all, yep none.
Honestly! Nah man it aint gonna happen. Until it does. Then you can bitch about missing out.
@_date: 2018-01-10 22:48:25
Cocaine is great for lazy house wives.
Heroin is GREAT for breaking Cocaine addiction.
Methenol will help you break your Heroin addiction.
HEY lets treat PTSD with a powerful Narcotic.
DOCTORS the original drug dealers of Man Kind.
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:04:22
You're talking about a drug which alters people on a chemical balance level vs a drug that, WAIT for it, does the exact same fucking thing. 
You are reading books. I'm talking to addicts. 
Kid you don't know wtf you're talking about. 
Try talking to people who have actually struggled with addiction to the drug. I'm not talking Methodone addiction, I'm talking addiction to LSD. YA that shit exists too, but no fucking research paper is going to shoot itself in the foot like that. The same history as Methodone, Heroin, and Cocaine. History is repeating itself. I swear it. I'm saying buyer beware cause none of the Docs handing out Heroin, paid for any of those Methodone clinics, that shit is all state sponsored. 
@_date: 2018-01-12 10:59:06
And you ignore history. 
Look up Snuff box and the typical use of Cocaine prescribed by Docs. 
Look up Heroin treatment. That's right "treatment," back when you use to get Heroin pumped into your veins again as prescribed by a Doc. 
Take a peak at modern day Methodone clinics and the epidemic that shit is. Hell Manitoba has great statistics if you want to go there. AGAIN the Medical Porfessionals are the ones behind the drug. 
Docs have a history of prescribing narcotics for financial gains. 
The history is there, if you bother to look. 
Or hey stay an idiot and just name call, your choice. I'm telling ya kid if you want to know what's going to happen tomorrow, read a history book, cause humans, we repeat that shit. And when money is involved, that shit gets repeated often. 
Btw you should see the list of medical benefits Heroin offered back in the day, well it reads A LOT like this PTSD treatment. At the time it's always a great idea, but History tells the true story. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 00:33:00
This forums is a lie.
This is a forum of sad geeks praying for the death of cyptos.
You know it. I know it.
So long as we agree, cake!