@_author: airescrew
@_date: 2014-03-03 10:58:45
was on IT industry making 70k a year, had a plan to retired young to pursue whitewater boating dream. Heard about bitcoin on the early of 2011 from a friend, compiled bitcoin 0.3(I guess), ran it, first impression was wtf, made my dell slow as shit. Is this the future money, fuck no. Then wiped it out and moved on,
BTC crashed on 2012, the friend reminded me of bitcoin again. I decided to wire a few grands to Gox and scoop about 700 coins from $4-8, since I convinced myself that crypto money is unavoidable. I still left all coins on Gox though as I wasn't so keen to run the client.
By Jan 2013, I decided to execute my retirement plan. I had spent 3 years before that saving up to 60k by living on the back of my car and shower under a fitness roof near office. Plan was to go ww kayaking and live on 15 dollars a day budget down by the rivers, no rent, no mortgage, no debt, no phone(unless obama gives me), no silly boss, no silly 9-5, no nothing, eating healthy food from walmart grocery. At that time, I still did not give much shit of bitcoin, and left them all on gox.
I went on ww kayaking around the states, and ecuador where I had my closest call enough to have me re-evaluate my life.
I bot a few hundred coins from 17-34 before it became 250, that's when btc really had my attention, I still don't let it consume my life though. Money comes money goes, I was once a millionaire when it rose to 1200, yet I'm still living on my hotel subaru, boating hard everyday, I still HODL as I know bitcoin has not yet her prime.
The real money have been draining quicker than I thought, 15 dollars a day is totally doable for typical days, but there were days that I spent a grand or two on unexpected events. In the next few month pretty sure I will have to cash out some coins to fuel my life.
Btw I did not lose money on Gox as I finally set up my wallet and moved all coins to it when they announced to do business with that coinlab scumbag.