@_author: airforcecharlie
@_date: 2013-04-05 23:19:24
Of note is that every Bitcoin bear seems to hold the hidden assumption that fiat currencies have strong fundamentals. Oh but the US Gobbermint backs it up! And it's so stable even though it's lost 97% of its purchasing power since the establishment of the Fed! But hey, at least its consistently losing value, right?
You know something, no. This shit has gone too far, we're tired of it, and the Bitcoin price charts are a real-time picture of growing exhaustion with the unfair financial and political practices which infect our world. The value of fiat depends upon a highly centralized and highly obfuscated system of debt-based financing that rewards insiders being confided in by masses of people with nothing to gain from it. Do you see a systemic issue here? Do you think people will remain ignorant of the problems right before them?
**Blinded by priviledge.**
It just doesn't work anymore, you can't hype and bullshit people like you used to, especially not now with the debt crisis in Europe, Japan, and the ongoing banking crisis in Cyprus. The sharks are smelling blood in the water, which is why government shutdown scenario WILL backfire.
Have you ever in your life tried to deposit a sizeable amount of money onto a Bitcoin exchange? If so, you would make note of two things:
 your local bank has less cash on hand than you think it does
 it's extremely difficult if not impossible to move a large amount of money from one bank to another, or from one bank to cash, within any appreciable timeframe. Even a simple cash withdrawal can take days to process and involve "the manager".
If there's ever any significant loss of confidence in the banking system, e.g. Cyprus spills over to the rest of Europe, you will NOT have the opportunity to "cash out" much of your paper wealth. You will be reduced, as the Cypriots are, to mere dozens of dollars per day in "State-approved expenditures", regardless of whether you're rich or poor.
Paper wealth is completely illusory, amounting to nothing more than 1s and 0s in a vulnerable central database somewhere that can be shut off on a whim, effectively locking you out of your own money.
And what if you have it in the stock exchanges? Well that's just another layer of abstraction on top of the existing banking headache. Now you have to exit your position, and go from Wall Street, to a bank, to another bank, and then pray to God that BTC hasn't skyrocketed in price. Sorry again, but fuck your 10,000 shares of XYZ, they're worthless. The likelihood of a loss of confidence scenario depends upon whether there will be any problems in the future with these centralized, vulnerable systems with weak fundamentals. If there are, you're at the mercy of the State.
Are you hedging against sovereign and currency risk? If so, how? Gold? Silver? Farmland? Each of these alternatives has its downsides, and PMs, gold in particular, are even worse than BTC as far as spendability goes. Gold is a hoarder's dream investment, because there's zero infrastructure in place to exchange gold for goods and services, and there probably never will be. I totally don't understand the appeal and consider gold massively overpriced.
Oh but you have guns to defend your gold stash? Well you can buy better guns with BTC.
Oh but your farmland is highly valuable? Well you can't pick your farmland up, divide it into 100,000,000 different pieces and then carry it around with you in your brain, no computer or Internet necessary. This is the future of money, but from the bearish sentiment we're up against lately it looks like it won't be the future until a bunch of people learn some really hard lessons.
Bitcoin is meant to be easily spent; fundamentally it's easier to spend Bitcoin than to spend from your credit card. You can also spend it on the entire black market, FWIW. But as others have pointed out, it's never *easy* to spend BTC because everyone who uses BTC knows that BTC is a better and safer way to spend money. Therefore the early adopters are just waiting for the rest of the world to wake up to the facts that:
1) their money isn't actually "their money" if it's in a bank account or in the stock market  
2) precious metals don't make sense as a replacement for fiat in our Web connected world  
3) Bitcoin is the only long term sustainable solution to systemic political and economic woes
Until the price hits $1k+, it's still going to be possible to earn Bitcoin, but you better not be selling some consumerist fucking bullshit. You shouldn't have much trouble selling items Bitcoiners actually want to buy.
So best of luck with your Wall Street dream castle goals of 2013. May the Wall Street bubble inflate and inflate and inflate, and your trillions of dollars in debt be forgiven by the tooth fairy without causing any amount of inflation or geopolitical repercussions. Ben Bernanke is magic with that helicopter, though.
Blinded by priviledge...