@_author: airhurdle
@_date: 2017-07-26 14:43:10
Damn you're good. You got me, I'll shut up. 
@_date: 2017-07-26 13:53:41
The dark market is why bitcoin thrives. Why do you think tumblers and such anonymity exist in the first place? If the dark net itself isn't secure, bitcoin was meant to be what disconnected your identity from your money. People on the clear net trade bitcoin in hopes to get rich, people on the dark net transact with bitcoin because it's all they can safely use without revealing themselves, and a lot of money changes hands on the dark net. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 19:05:59
I think the hype of 2017 is actually the speculation of digital value itself. How I usually make my comparison, is YES Bitcoin can be worth physical gold and Ethereum can be worth significantly more without having effect because Ethereum has a different purpose. How many people do you know interested in gold? Now how many people do you know interested in the internet? I think if we could tie a relatively sane value to internet (because it's worth so much), we could essentially find a possible value for Ethereum (because it's essentially a runner up for a new age of internet) that makes more sense. I think Ethereum has the ability to scale into something fundamental to a change in today's society that we never expected, but people have to realize what Ethereum is competing for. Yes they are both blockchain technologies with their quirks and problems, but they don't serve the same purpose at all.
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:20:48
Well it's not that Bitcoin is necessarily better or worse. Bitcoin could be absolutely useless and Ethereum be worth trillions. The main argument is wrong in comparing their value in the first place. I don't think they should regardless of how valuable they are and I don't think once crypto should determine how valuable another is unless they have the exact same function. That's essentially asking what advantages does a Facebook have over Google. Yeah they are both big tech companies, but they should be allowed to coexist without on taking value from the other. They both have search bars, they both have users, but people are able to use both and they are still worth just as much if not more for being able to work towards the same goal(getting people to use more devices to connect to the network). That's the only thing Ethereum and Bitcoin are both working towards, getting people to use blockchain technology, any similarities are just coincidence of platform.
Edit: To answer your question absolutely( sorry I got a little preachy lol). Ethereum is made to scale just as bitcoin, but they both need scaling for different reason. Ethereum scaling could eventually encompass all of the benefits of Bitcoins plus more due incentive to create the next big thing on their network to reap some of the cap of this huge market.