@_author: airman1987
@_date: 2016-08-07 10:40:27
They told me to send one doc to solve the problem. I sent it and now I am still waitingfor an answer.
@_date: 2016-08-09 17:33:19
This is absolutely amazing. Kraken asks me for a letter which takes me 15 days to get and with the aggravating of asking for a day off in my job to finally get the desired letter having everything they are asking for. Then I find a comment from a man/woman who works in FIDOR and says that they have no control over kraken accounts. 
When I contacted FIDOR, they said that the transfer had no problem at all and that any problem that I may have has to be solved with kraken.
So, now, kraken gets my bank letter giving them private personal data that they shouldn't even been able to see unless you have my personal authorization and now you say they say that this is not  what they are asking for. It has exactly everything they ask for.
These people now are outside the law and keeping my money without any shame.
@_date: 2016-07-18 14:24:37
Both countries that have very closed relationship is Spain and Germany. They are together in the EU and they have free movement of citizens between countries, free movement of money between banks and I suppose good political relationships although I have no idea what's going on up there in the high-social-rank people's tables. I clearly know most of their terms &amp; conditions, and I think they are quite stepping out of the legality at this point. I suppose that the big quantity of money that guards them is a good point to feel safe with this things.
I really hope that you are right with UTC time in San Francisco. I hope for the best with this situation.
@_date: 2016-07-18 13:03:48
Well, I must let you know that yes, my name matches exactly the owner of the bank account which is obviously myself. The transference, to be honest, is a SEPA transference between countries that have a very close relationship together. My brach is settled in Spain, and is one of the biggest banks worldwide, and it is quite a more important bank than FIDOR so, I am afraid that if you are trying to prove me wrong, this is not the case. I could paste a picture in PDF ofthe documents that I talk about, but you have to understand that I don't want to expose my personal information and bank details to everyone in reddit.
The question here, is that what could kraken possible do to block and suspend user's account stating that your account is under investigation and there is no apparent proof of why the investigation is being done?. I mean, if a person deposits an amount of money under his/her name and this money is blocked, the least that the holder of the account and the holder of the money should know is why and how it can be solved.
@_date: 2016-07-18 15:31:18
Hello Austin,
Your apology is accepted, my id ticked is 79024, although this is the last one and where another colleague of yours affirms that my account would be most probably restored by yesterday.
To be honest, I have absolutely no idea of what else could be the investigation from if the banks permit the transference of money.
Thank you for your effort and I hope also to have a good and quick ending with this matter.
@_date: 2016-07-18 17:20:29
I will update you soon.
@_date: 2016-07-19 20:53:03
Thank you for the advise. I have traded many times in lbc but most of them through banks or some other online methods. I don't like to handle normally such a big amounts in my pockets although I think it probably would be safer than in some banks. Finally I got some proper replies from kraken. I will keep you update to see what happens.
@_date: 2016-07-18 16:00:03
Why are you asking that? Have you had this kind of trouble before?
I have traded in localbitcoins many times.
@_date: 2016-07-18 16:15:18
Well, let me take a look on that matter. Again, how is it fair to think that this money is from illegitimate nature? I mean you make a transfer of money from your bank account with your money. It arrives to the destination. Sender agrees and receiver agrees (both banks). If you knew a bit about government law there is another organisms which take care of that matter and it's not specially kraken because it's a private company. It's the department which investigates money laundering and TAX evasion or VAT evasion which is the Treasury in every country. You could think of every single Dollar or EURO from illegitimate nature without having any solid answer to it. I earned that money working hard.
@_date: 2016-07-18 13:59:04
Thank you for the advice! That would be awsome. I am afriad that we haven't reached yet such an advanced way of making safe transactions worlwide. I use exchangers trying to be safe and trying to make sure that no transaction is unsafe for a small comission which bitcoins permits. But at this point, with my situation with kraken, the opposite is happening. The banks are allowing me to make free transactions in Europe and an exchanger that defends bitcoin is blocking my money, even when they know that the banks have no problem with it.
@_date: 2016-07-18 15:44:42
I understand your point. But don't you think that if there was any fraud my bank would have told me that there was an investigation of fraud being followed to myself?. And now, that this question is clarified. And if both banks involved in the transfer of money have no order from a judge or court that states that this transference is not legal, how can they act as a judge if they are based in jurisdictions that don't even have jurisdiction over the money?.
@_date: 2016-07-18 13:26:07
If you have something to say, there is  no need to say it in Spanish, you can say it openly, this is an opened forum and I understand what you try to say but I am afraid that you didn't read my message at all. I know exactly what you are trying to say, but trust me, I have talked to my bank in several occassions and they have told me again and again that there was no problem at all with the transference. It was made under my name and it had been approved long time ago. So explain me how if my bank states that there is no problem with the transference, and the receiverof the transference which is FIDOR bank states exactly the same, how kraken can under their own will start to block peoples money. About patience, well. Patience has a limit. And I think 7 months is the limit when I could use that money for anything else than having it there doing nothing.
@_date: 2016-07-18 14:54:21
Here is un update. I created a new ticket request for the webpage which is the way to deal with problems or find answers.
My account is blocked. Last week I received a message that at the end of the previous week my account would be most likely restored to its normal state. The previous week has passed already and again, I receive no further explanation.
Why do you say one thing and do not comply with it?
The next part is out from the message:
They literally closed the ticket again without answering it.
I know I have been annoying in the last weeks with them but if you are not there trying to solve your things they think you don't care about it. I know this because I have worked in a customer care company and it works most of the time like this. If you don't complain, nobody cares. This is like this most of the times unless there is a proper professional person behind the screen.
@_date: 2016-07-18 16:30:39
Thank you for the advice. I really want to have it resolved because it's been too long already. 