@_author: aiuax
@_date: 2014-11-17 03:44:51
Yup! They're great: haven't had any issues with 'em.
@_date: 2014-10-09 22:09:21
Ireland? Now you've got my curiosity piqued.
@_date: 2014-10-05 02:45:37
It will stop people from using it in official, legal transactions in the country of the ban.  It reduces proliferation of the currency and slows adoption.  Bans won't kill anything, but it will make the climb harder and take longer.
@_date: 2014-10-06 00:21:59
I think you make an excellent point.  It seems like this product actually 'hurts' the overall adoption of btc by masking its use entirely.  Instead of trying to wedge btc into our current infrastructure using tricks and abstractions, we should be making it easier to use btc 'natively' (e.g. seamless integration into POS, etc).  This product is basically endorsing the argument that "bitcoin is not a viable means of payment" and is seeking to disguise it as fiat behind the scenes.  At that point - why not just have people use fiat on their own?
@_date: 2014-10-05 03:43:45
Legal transactions are taxed.  Taxes are collected by businesses and - ultimately - the government.  A ban on a type of currency will enforce restrictions on the companies doing business and will prevent people from making purchases with it.  Most people will give up at that point and say 'oh well'; some will resort to black markets or shady, under-the-table transactions. The decentralization and ease-of-use of bitcoin will allow that group of individuals to continue to operate, but without widespread support of a government, I really don't see how your average citizen is going to integrate bitcoin into their daily purchase of goods and services they need to survive. A ban will suppress bitcoin and keep it in the dark for all but those brave-or-foolish-enough to purposefully evade the law.
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:59:50
...alive or dead.
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:14:05
Just as governments can be overthrown with enough popular support, so too can currencies.  I'm not saying I believe it will ever get to that point, but: if enough people get fed up with the current state of bitcoin, you better believe a well-timed and well-executed fork could catch on.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:12:30
Is that actually true?  I never could definitively convince myself whether the commonly held belief is what you just stated or if it's that measuring an entangled particle simply 'reveals' the identity of the states of both entangled particles, causing you - locally - to know the state of the distant particle without directly measuring it.
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:57:27
Thank you for the thorough, well-reasoned response.  I'll have to look into Bell's theorem (and the resulting experiments) a bit more in-depth so I can get a firmer grasp of what you're illustrating.
One question, though: I assume the creation of the two entangled particles is done via a well-known reaction (decay into two particles with known states that correlate to one-another?).  Though the particle can be said to not obtain a state until its wave-function collapses (however that happens, since using terminology like 'observed' implies some kind of special 'observer'), isn't the relationship between the two particles' state predetermined? Isn't the net result - effectively - a pair of particles who are observed to conform to their system's initial state? Or is the detector itself imparting some state onto particle A that then results in particle B acquiring a correlation based upon the activity of the detector at A?
Don't worry - I won't drag this out into a long chain of questions+answers about subject matter that nobody (least of all me) really understands - but it's refreshing to have somebody who knows a little bit about it on-hand to try to clarify a bit ( :
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:09:05
He's not wrong.  Speculative investing is all well and good, but our ultimate goal (in my humblest of opinions) should be to encourage widespread use of bitcoin.  That means spending it on goods and services, gifting it, loaning it out, providing our own services that accept bitcoin, etc.  Now that you've reached your goal, why not set a new one with a different but no-less-important aim?
Also, congratulations!