@_author: ajmosquito
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:23:02
For what it's worth, that general sentiment is part of why I hold a lot of BTC. The principle that it's all just software and that you can always update software is pretty powerful. And while it may be true to some extent, even a great extent, I don't think it's true for everything. 
It's especially not true for some unforeseeable advancement that, for whatever reason, is fundamentally different from Bitcoin in such a way that it can't be replicated by Bitcoin devs.
All that said, I'd love some clarification on the general issue of Bitcoin updating/adopting to new advances in the technology. 
Take Ethereum - it's written in its own custom programming language vs the stack-based language Bitcoin uses. If the custom language is ultimately something that turns out to be very important, could Bitcoin implement something similar? ? Could Bitcoin implement the Smart Contracts and DApps that Ethereum offers? Is there any current coin with features/fundamentals that are different from Bitcoin in such a way that Bitcoin can't replicate it later?
And now I'm rambling. As I say this, it seems clear to me that Bitcoin could always (hypothetically) just freeze the ledger and update to a completely new platform that somehow has the original ledger/blockchain attached. Still, disagreement/animosity among Bitcoin devs might halt the sort of widespread agreement that could be required for implementing such a massive change.
@_date: 2017-11-30 04:09:49
I've invested quite a lot in BTC, but this type of  sentiment  unnerves quite a bit. Talking in absolutes about the future of something with so many unknowns is dangerous. You're writing as if, in the span of 3 sentences, you've composed a definitive proof of why BTC can't fail ("So if it was going to fail, then it would've failed already by now...").
There are so many ways BTC could fail. No one knows what's going to happen. I think the most likely scenario is that BTC has an "AOL-like" rise and fall. Super exciting new technology, first major success of its kind, but ultimately replaced by a far superior tech/product. AOL is still around, and I think Bitcoin will always be around, but I don't think it's going to be THE coin in the long run. And yes, yes I know AOL and BTC have essentially nothing in common, I just feel like they share some really general themes.
All that said, I place well under a 50% chance of that scenario playing out. There are so many scenarios that could play out (and so many no one has even thought of yet) that to pretend any particular outcome is &gt;50% likely strikes me as dangerous and intellectually dishonest. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:58:17
Thank you for the thoughtful answer. Yeah, I have no problem with short term fluctuations. I'm riding to zero in the event it ever happens. In the meantime, gonna finally read that original white paper you linked a few posts back.
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:36:32
Someone else asked my question below (and you answered) - thanks for the insights:










Ultimately, I relate to your confidence, but I do think these sorts of things represent a nontrivial probability.