@_author: ajwf
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:05:24
Sure but that strategy works if you have a reason to suspect it to go high again. Normally you buy something new and sell it when it gets popular. Regardless of your opinion on crypto, there's no guarantee bitcoin in particular ever hits 20k again. My personal guess is it won't, which is frankly why i'd never touch it. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:06:46
It is unfortunately neither. For reference, all currently accepted currencies normally share the traits of government issued, circulated in economies, and price-regulated. Granted almost no 1st world currency balances itself on the gold standard anymore (USA stopped in 1973) but they're still regulating these currencies by purchasing other currencies and selling their own to balance inflation/deflation. 
Noticeably, bitcoin does not do that. Bitcoin is definitely a stock, not a currency, due to its inability to be used as a currency. I get that they're trying to solve this but there's a few things that's going to harm their attempts now rather than if they attempted this 1.5 years ago. The biggest issue with bitcoin as a stock is it doesn't actually back a company. If you invest in Microsoft, you're actually helping further their productivity in a way. 
What does bitcoin as a product gain from your investment? As far as I know, well... nothing but your money. They can't improve their currency outside of it's value, they can't produce a new, better product, they're... an idea. Bitcoin is at the end of the day nothing more than an idea that we have accepted as a currency. 
Now with Bitcoin's rapid rate of growth and WallStreet's entering, the writing might as well be on the wall: This bubble is going to burst eventually. Now is decidedly too late to invest in bitcoin. If you haven't invested, don't touch it. There's too much risk and those guys who have been here since the beginning just don't have to face that risk because they bought their shares for pennies on the dollar. My broker always tells me that the bubble will come down to at least where the price was before a 45% increase per annum occurred. I don't know where that lands bitcoin but 1500% in 36 months suggests way closer to a 14k loss (where they were in JANUARY OF THIS YEAR). 
 
Go here, hit all. This is the living, breathing definition of unsustainable. The economist who recommended not buying in is completely correct. His suggestion actually would've come last month if OP is to be believed and is it any question why? 
Granted, a lot of this sub who believed in the project will be very, very rich because of their early belief. But they also have to be careful because this thing is more inflated than the market in 2001 or 2007. It will crash, and it will crash within the next half a year.
@_date: 2017-12-13 23:40:57
Regulation in currency is NOT a bad thing. If you do not regulate your currency, you simply will be subject to insane inflation/deflation relative to all your currency's investors. You get the highs, like bitcoin is on right now, but you also get the lows, which is what happens when you don't have an organized group of economists making sure your currency doesn't fall apart in market fluctuations. 
Look, nothing is exempt from the invisible hand. You know that because your views are decidedly libertarian in what I've just read. No one looks at our currency and goes "My god I wish it was censorship resistant". That's crazy, nonsensical garbage and it is completely irrelevant to the point of currency. Bitcoin has proven to have no place as a currency because it cannot contain its own value well enough to be 'tradable' without 1000s of market fluctuation adjustments every day, and it already got robbed for millions of dollars. 
Bitcoin will not reach 1 million per. It is increasing exponentially, yes, but unsustainable is unsustainable. People will see the investment price and realize quite simply there A.) Is no money to be made and B.) nowhere to go but down. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:00:43
Sure looked like you were spreading bullshit. 
@_date: 2018-03-03 07:28:49
Is coinbase/crypto in general regulated by the SEC? Because afaik, it's normally the SEC who investigates insider trading. And if they don't investigate, the DOJ probably won't do anything, so it's unlikely a criminal case would come from that either. 
Though admitting insider trading is possible would be admitting crypto is a stock, not a currency, and also would require you to allow it to be regulated. So... until the crypto community at large finds regulation and oversight proper, welcome to the easiest fraud of the currency creators' lives. 
@_date: 2018-03-03 15:09:56
Even if you're going to consider it a bond, you *still* need the SEC's rules (specifically their 10b5 series) to consider it illegal. 