@_author: aka_etnad
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:20:10
I have the same idea and posted my thought here:
From what I can think of, the biggest problem of your method (cooperate with another person) is a legal (and tax) one. I'm not familiar with US laws, but in step 6, you need to transfer 50K USD (if you want to maximize the profit) from your friend's Japanese account to your account, and this is a huge amount of money which will certainly get attention from IRS and even get your transfer blocked or account frozen due to third-party deposits. Even if you succeed, you may still have to pay tax because of capital gain, so your profit may be lower than you expect. Bitcoins are anonymous and impossible for IRS to detect at the moment, but not the bank records.
I also figured out a solution to solve the third-party deposit problem in step 6. Tell your Japanese friend to open an US investment bank account for foreigners under her name (which requires 10K-25K USD as an initial fund, but you can withdraw it after it's created), and use it as your receiving end of money. The rest of the problem would be how much you'll give her, and if she will take all the money and disappear - which is an essential risk of such stories.
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:43:21
I think it's possible to employ arbitrage if you can resolve the withdrawal problem. It could be done in two circumstances IMHO:
1.If you have a Japanese bank account, you can withdraw your money via Japanese domestic transfer, which will be done overnight. To get their bank accounts, you must be either Japanese or have their residence permit for over 6 months. Hint: it's time to make some Japanese friends, or go there for a language school.
2.Even if you can't gain access to a Japanese bank account, you can still request MtGox to do manual transfers with 5% fees, plus other bank fees around 50 USD. As long as the price difference remains so huge (17% now) and you do this in large sums each time, you can still make profit over 10%.
However, you can't make big money quickly with this method.
Reasons: 
1.MtGox has a 10K(lv2)/100K(lv3) 1-day and 50K(lv2)/500K(lv3) 30-days withdrawal upper limit. If you have more funds than this limit at your disposal, I'm sure you can find other ways to make money.
2.If BTC/USD price drops significantly during your bitcoins transfer from other exchanges to MtGox, you'll lose money.
3.I'm definitely not the first one who discover this method; maybe some people are already doing it. If too many people use this method, the price difference will eventually be too close for anyone to make a profit.
@_date: 2014-02-09 05:59:15
 is loaded, and I can login now.
The price at Mt.Gox is lower than BitStamp or BTC-E about 50 USD.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:56:54
I agree. I still have a fortune at Mt. Gox when its website is down. It's almost all of my current assets, and this incident do hurt. Yet I hope to find a solution within the bitcoin community first, not from the laws. The bitcoin community should protect and restore itself from massive damages like this one, so we can show other people that cryptocurrency is a working business model without government regulations or any other external interventions. If we fail to do so, eventually the very idea of bitcoins will be compromised and no one may benefit from it again.