@_author: akcom
@_date: 2014-07-03 12:00:00
I apologize, I've been extremely busy with clinical rotations the last week or two and I really haven't had any time to dedicate to this.
@_date: 2014-06-20 03:09:20
I don't see anything about anonymous here. Has your team addressed the problem of running a peer to peer app behind tor? Also how has your team resolved the datastore issues associated with a high churn kademlia network? You have an interesting idea, can't wait to see how it turns out.  Have you implemented proof of work or a similar method to prevent an attacker from flooding the datastore with bunk data?
@_date: 2014-06-20 15:20:28
Can you elaborate a bit on your churn mediation?  MaidSafe requires an extensive infrastructure involving PMID's/MAID's, etc.  It seems like a woefully overcomplicated method given the probable size and high churn rate of OpenBazaar's network.  There are a number of academic papers that address this concern in much less resource-intense methods.
As far as a spam mediation, I would humbly suggest you address this concern early on.  It's an integral part of the platform and you'll find its very hard to "bolt on" later in the product development cycle. Otherwise your service will be extremely vulnerable to ddos attacks, just not the typical kind.  BitMessage has a wonderful proof of work implementation that may be useful to use.
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:33:32


But you must see the issue with this?  You've compromised the anonymity of the node OR (if they're behind SOCKS/TOR) at the very least you provide no advantage in mitigating DDoS since the individual node can be flooded.
It would be much better to provide a high replication datastore in a manner such as the ones described in peer reviewed literature.  That way adjacent AND (more important) non-adjacent nodes maintain copies of the marketplace's data should the node go down (due to attack or otherwise).  I'm at work right now so I can't really address all the other points but I think this is a very important consideration and if you'd like to discuss this further I'd be more than happy to offer my input.