@_author: akindofuser
@_date: 2018-01-19 18:20:05
This isn’t why banks were originally regulated. Also there would be no need to add new legislation here. It’s basic fraud. Those laws already exist and already apply to everyone, including crypto exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:33:48
You are confused and mis-informed on what insider trading is. That has to do with stocks and publicly traded companies. Not private organizations selling some other random commodity.
Coinbase has internal employee rules about “insider trading” but that is only enforced by coinbase. Trust them as much as you like....
@_date: 2017-12-21 06:40:44
What security are they inside trading? With it so publicly documented why isn’t the SEC coming down on coinbase I wonder? 
Or maybe your trying to project what you want the truth to be.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:27:52
Idk why you are getting downvotes. The trades were mutual. You are 100% correct.
@_date: 2017-10-15 06:19:03


Yes there is plenty of text, specifically by varying economists, regarding capital theory, deflation and inflation. You won't find a good response here. Several Austrian's have texts on capital theory and discuss inflation at great lengths. They directly discuss your points. Some of these texts are beyond 3-6 decades old.
Austrian's aside economists are also not all in agreement that "inflation good". Did you know this? It is very much a gray area topic. There are varying degrees of pet theories and beliefs between deflation and inflation among all economists. No one will agree that X inflation is the "right amount". Anyone that understands what a market is knows that making such statements is foolish. Yet a descent sized audience agrees that some level of inflation should exist. When pinned on the topic true colors are shown and pet silly theories come out.
We can really simplify the point like so. Praxeologically speaking an economy serves only one purpose. To serve the consumer, all participating actors within said economy.  There is no other function. It is simply a descriptive term of individual actors participating with money and satisfying their own desires, utilizing the pricing mechanism, to allocate resources to their most productive ends.
The question we must ask is this. Absent a supported inflationary policy would consumers be as inclined to spend as they do today? Or might they be more inclined to save? A solid capital theory will explain this(right or wrong). If consumers would not be as inclined to spend absent an inflationary policy then we must assume that the factors of production, as it stands today, is being perversely altered from where it would otherwise naturally exist. That consumers are not 100% sovereign and that the economy is not likely allocated resources to their best ends in order to satisfy consumer demand. In other words a perversion of consumer sovereignty. 
Capital theory will answer many other questions as well. What does savings do? Lets say all consumers take their "Savings" and hide them in their bed mattress instead of investing. What does that do to the economy? Is this deflationary? What does this general move to savings do to the factors of production? What happens to prices? etc...
Many many many many texts of folk much smarter than me talk about this at great length.
@_date: 2018-04-16 04:41:37
Favorite game for sure!