@_author: akira1444
@_date: 2016-08-09 20:00:53
Thanks for the unique perspective :) interesting read
@_date: 2017-02-09 13:31:15
True, but do you really think that miners are going to pretend they can read the future and take what is today seen as a very random gamble to make a loss today in the hope of recovering it long-term?. If miners were confident that they would recover that money back "with interests" they would already be signaling SegWit, no one wants to lose money (be it present or future). This dog-chasing-its-own-tail situation has been happening in politics since the beginning of time "We want other people to make sacrifices to promote a cause that we think is just". The only way forward in a voluntary system like bitcoin is making sure doing the right thing has an economic incentive that's so evident and foreseeable that it just doesn't make sense to waste resources trying to cheat the system. This design philosophy is the very core of why mining (and bitcoin to that extent) works.
@_date: 2017-02-09 12:38:42
"It is probably time to start mining at a loss to support segwit." For someone who pretends to know how to tell apart facts from bullshit such a sentence is utterly bullshit. If Bitcoin needs its users to mine at a loss to support SegWit (or any other change for that matter) then the conclusion is that Bitcoin is failing.
A healthy, pro-growth crypto would never require its miners to mine at a loss to introduce a change thats supposedly beneficial to all. 
Like it or not most of the miners that don't support SegWit aren't taking a positive stance trying to block it, they just CHOOSE an older version of Core (in most cases) to run on THEIR machines. Since it's THEIR machines you can't EXPECT them to just nod and run whatever software you want. You need to convince them that running the software you want is mutually beneficial, something that clearly hasn't happened or otherwise SegWit would be at at least 50, 60% activation threshold, if not activated.
For such a (liberty)libertarian-oriented project like bitcoin having to explain this is really ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:23:18
That's all good. Even if you personally did it at a loss it's not a problem, you are free to do so. I'm just explaining the nonsense of trying to convince other people to mine at a loss to support a cause and pretending this is the way to solve the present deadlock, or a behavior that's indicative of how bitcoin works. (SegWit is mentioned only because it's the specific subject at debate right now, but this would apply to any potential change).
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:02:13
Food for thought: does the fact that people/business are considering switching to such a "reckless" client means that Core was and is being reckless also by not wanting to reach a compromise position?. 
If Core had agreed to hard-fork to 2M a year and a half ago we would not be in this dangerous position. 2M blocks would in no way alter Core's vision for Bitcoin and nevertheless their position was set in stone. If the market wants bigger blocks strong enough, that's what the market will get, even if it's a terrible engineering decision.
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:15:52
I'm not taking side here, I couldn't care less tbh. If it's Core or BU as long as the network works and grows that's fine by me. If Bitcoin dies I'll look for a crypto that ends up delivering. It's about the tech and its meaning to society that's important, I couldn't care less about the egos behind the code, or if big or small blocks are better or worse. SegWit wasn't designed in order to achieve bigger blocks, that's just a side effect. By the time SegWit was ready to implement the bigger blocks camp had already been fed up and gained too much momentum.
The whole block size drama would have been solved with clever leadership from Core had they handled the situation well long ago. They didn't and here we are.
@_date: 2017-03-08 17:46:51
Well this is interesting, what are the next steps for the bill to become law in NH? (Sorry, not even a US citizen so not familiar with the proceeding but curious). 
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:48:43
Don't understand your comparison at all. I'm not mad at anyone, I don't care which client ends up "winning". I'm not asking Core to fix BU. I'm just saying that the fact that Core always maintained a hard position on 1MB blocks has lead inevitably to other people writing other implementations that do not have this limit. How many people are willing to run this other clients is directly proportional to the amount of people pissed off at this block size situation, ever increasing fees, etc. And this was bound to happen, it was the logical thing to follow.
If Core had agreed to 2MB blocks they would have bought a lot more time for Lightning and other solutions to be ready without compromising their vision for Bitcoin, and would have faced way less resistance in getting SegWit activated.
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:34:33
Totally agree with that, and in an ideal world that would be the end of it. However we don't live in an ideal world, and Core's general position regarding a change to the network has a huge influential impact, this was specially so when Core was the only implementation around which also was the best time to put an end to this infighting. If the block size issue had been handled well Classic and Unlimited would have never been written, and if written would have never reached more that, say, 5% of the total hashrate combined. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:04:25
That's how it's supposed to work but in reality the fact that the members of Core are, objectively speaking, the most experienced has a huge impact. If scaling was easy as 1 + 2 someone would have come with the ultimate proof that *this* is what should be done and 99% of the relevant actors would agree. This is not the case, so faced with two possible options (1MB or 1MB+) Core's position has a huge impact. True, if Core had suggested to HF to 1.5 or 2MB blocks that wouldn't have guaranteed that it would have happened (given their influence I doubt it but agree let's stick to the facts), but it would at least have shown that they understood that having a immutable stance would be detrimental in the long run, and would have meant a lot towards a quick and effective resolution to the drama that drove so much people away to alts like Ethereum
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:32:09
Totally respect your position, but that's what *you* would or wouldn't do. If the majority of the network switches to BU and some bug like the one reported here blew everything to hell then you would be left running the Core chain, with a decimated user base, a most probably fatal mental association with the "failed" BU client, rivaling alt coins that lack the drama and show significant progress and you'd be screwed anyway.
Again, this is not about how foolhardy or not running BU is, because if the majority (talking about nodes, users, merchants, miners, etc) switches to it then that's the new reality we'll need to face, markets sometimes do that. Making sure we never got to this point was possible at one point, but the lack of adequate leadership lead to this. By the way, my intention is not to bash Core, they are engineers not marketing experts, but that doesn't prove me wrong.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:46:23
Well that's irrelevant. If the majority of miners, users and merchants switch to BU then "which one is the true and only" is purely subjective and leads to an endless and pointless discussion about semantics. Again, a good maneuver at the right time would have avoided all this.
@_date: 2016-01-26 12:51:31
When you hear such powerful people saying "capital controls are good" you should start buying gold a bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-16 14:44:49
"Saved us from dangerous distractions"? Sounds like something the catholic church would say during the XII century.
@_date: 2016-06-22 19:08:50
Exactly. When you deposit your money into the bank the bank doesn't physically store it in a special box with your name on it. What the bank does is lend that money to another person. You give your money to the bank and the bank promises to give it back to you if you so require. Generally the bank will give you your money back, but sometimes (much more often than you imagine) the bank won't give it back (be it because you are being investigated by the police or because the bank does not at present time have the money to give).
In bitcoin as long as you have the private keys this will never happen. But the moment you handle your keys to someone else (like Xapo) you don't own that money.
@_date: 2016-06-28 16:19:02
Next day Debré finds out it's possible to buy things with euros. His solution is therefore to ban money altogether. Debré then finds out that even in barter economies things are exchanged and decides it's time to ban human relationships. 
French people better wake up and ban him from banning freedom.
@_date: 2016-06-22 19:35:57
Well it depends on your personal taste and how much money are you going to store.
For large amounts of bitcoins that you want to just store hoping that next year the price will rise I'd recommend just printing a paper wallet (since it's not hackable/cant be broken like hardware wallets) Bitaddress.org is a good paper wallet generator. Keep in mind that if you wish to use the bitcoins stored in the paper wallet you will need another wallet to sweep the private key.
If you will receive payments in bitcoin often &amp; want to spend that money often then you can use mycelium (mobile). Keep in mind that if you want to exchange your bitcoins to fiat then you'll need to register to a site that most probably will require authentication (but you can also just go to localbitcoins and try to exchange your bitcoins for dollars on a face-to-face transaction. Hope that helps.
@_date: 2016-11-18 18:37:01
Corralito INDEED.
@_date: 2016-11-12 20:34:07
Thats cool. Suggest you add a little text to it that says "bitcoin" so people who don't know the logo can understand it and will recognize it next time they see it:) 
@_date: 2016-02-05 12:29:36
- A fraud-proof election/voting system (not necessarily with political elections in mind)
- A ledger for just about anything
- It could be integrated into smart electrical grids (think of neighbours with solar panels automatically sharing/selling you their extra clean energy.
- I've read something about its applications into health/biological research, do not remember what it was but you can google it for sure.
Think of it as an "incorruptible data hard drive", its possible use cases are infinite almost, and we are talking about 1.0 blockchains; who knows what this technology will be capable of in, say, 10 yeas.
@_date: 2016-02-10 19:51:07
The only thing that keeps Bitcoin from becoming a boom here in Argentina is the lack of aware the general population has of bitcoin existance.
This will gradually change as word of mouth and news spread the word. In Argentina currency speculation is a survival skill every argentinian is born with, it's kind of like breathing, you do it or you die; why? 30% ANNUAL inflation + capital controls + total lack of confidence in government + a well versed in technology population.
@_date: 2016-02-11 02:12:27
Well, I agree 100% with you in that regards. Never said anything about the blocksize debate lol
My biggest "fear" right now is that we are on the brink of a possible world economic recession like never before and, just as you say, Bitcoin isn't ready to handle a much greater number of transactions.
@_date: 2016-02-05 20:58:46
Let's just assume the following however improbable it may be: in 2018 Core devs decide to make major changes such as changing the maximum 21 million coin limit or implementing a "feature" that only benefits users from, let's say for example, Japan.
This would be outrageous right? and you would like to express your concerns on the bitcoin reddit right? Well, Theymos-of-2018 thinks that you are wrong and erases all posts that criticise the above changes.
I'm all for Core roadmap and support them 100%, but censorship is the exact opposite of Bitcoin (and I can't stress enough how ridiculous having to explain this to bitcoin savvy people is)
@_date: 2016-09-21 15:54:07
There are a lot of variables that need to be determined to give you a good answer.
If for example he would try to buy as many coins as he can in just a single order at whatever the price then the price would skyrocket BEAST MODE for a couple of hours, maybe even a day because the confusion would be great until the dust settles, and then soon at one point the price would plummet to either the same, greater or lower price than before.
If he'd only spend, say, 1 million USD a day until he runs out of dollars there would be extra pressure on the price to go up in a more natural way, but if other externalities go in the other direction the price could very well go down nonetheless. 
@_date: 2016-10-04 13:12:34
good guy UK colonized 3/4 of the world and then accuses immigrants of their woes. Guess this scene from The Big Short will be seen a lot during the next 10 years: 
@_date: 2016-10-28 17:42:25
Love the references to Atlas Shrugged on the names for the sender and receiver of transactions on the app photos: Hank Reardon (sic), Francisco D'aconia and Dagny Taggart.
@_date: 2015-11-11 16:32:29
This will never happen. The power of the Network Effect of Bitcoin will give birth to projects, like Rootstock, that will provide additional layers of value to Bitcoin that will only enhance further the number of users, therefore also enhancing the Network Effect. 
@_date: 2016-05-13 13:48:29
Necessity is the mother of invention. Smart Venezuelans will discover/use bitcoin and share that knowledge with their loved ones. Slow but unstoppable process. May liberty arrive fast to the people.
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:09:43
I understand your position but sadly it's a really hard problem to educate people who don't know a thing about economics but that PRETEND that they do. People just repeat things they see on TV in a mindlessly zombie fashion. 
As a lawyer I get into very frustrating arguments when I see people COMPLAINING about basic rights like "It's stupid that the police can't break into your house without a warrant, if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear, etc etc etc."
It's ridiculously sad that 99% of the population doesn't have even a basic idea about how government, law enforcement, economics work. I'm not saying everyone should have a phd on those, but at the very least some sort of basic education on high school or something.
 
Long answer short: people love the socialist idea of "the chosen one" for president and have strong opinions on matters they know nothing about. This allows them to do nothing about it and still hope everything will get fixed by itself.
@_date: 2016-07-01 13:16:50
Well Well Well... Seems you John changed your mind regarding bitcoin ;)
@_date: 2016-07-29 15:02:27
[The Road to Serfdom in cartoons](
This subreddit is already at step 12.