@_author: akoustyk
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:14:51
@_date: 2017-12-16 07:56:36
Oh ya right, the moon is tidal locked. But that's ok, as long as they can only be seen from the moon in total darkness. 
I was thinking it would be likely that your laser would need to be in orbit around the moon also, but I didn't think lasers would diverge quite that much. 
As for the crash landing thing, idk, I just feel that if all you need is a small amount of data, and that you could be clever about it. The payload could be designed to break apart and bust into many small pieces which are all keys. But I guess engineering that might still be pretty expensive.
I was also thinking you might be able to print onto the moon surface with impact craters. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 19:48:56
Central banks and fiscal policy is a good thing. They regulate how much people should borrow and invest, based on how the economy is doing. 
Creating new money creates inflation, but that's ok, if your nation's value increases to match it. You could, for example, have a perfect offset, where your nation gets more wealthy due to borrowing and investments, which increases the value of the dollar, and so they create new money to bring it perfectly to zero, and there would be no inflation whatsoever. 
But, instead we aim for a suitable amount of inflation, so that we can continue to invest and hopefully grow the economy. If that becomes dangerous, the central bank can change the interest rate to migitate lending, and creation of new money. So, inflation reduces, and the dollar will hopefully grow at that point.
Problems occur when a crash is too quick and severe. 
Bitcoin doesn't allow any of that, which is actually bad for countries. 
For some reason people think that creating money is inherently bad, but that's wrong. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:40:36
If you thought I was expecting positive karma from that comment, then you are not smart.
Your comment is essentially saying though, that your opinion is a fraction of my post. Not really sure why you'd say that.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:03:38
There may be an easier way potentially. All you need to do is send data up there. 
So it might be possible to burn a key onto the moon's surface with lasers or something like that. I think you could likely also build a container that could withstand very high velocity impacts, and still have a key survive. You could send a whole bunch of them also, and all you need is one survivor. 
You could maybe put it in geo synchronous orbit around the moon  also, with a relatively dim LED sign displaying the key, which would only really be visible from being on the dark side of the moon.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:46:51
Dig up.
@_date: 2018-09-11 23:00:33
Everybody that believes this is a crackpot conspiracy theorist that doesn't have any clue.
No, I will not argue with you about it.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:46:31
"economists" is a pretty broad term. Why don't you grow up, and actually discuss the points I made. If you have something intelligent to say that I could learn from, I'd love to hear it.
But comments like that, just make you look ignorant, to me.
@_date: 2015-06-20 22:17:41
But first, he bought bitcoin and gold, *then* he told all his followers to the same, lol. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 18:04:04


LOL. Ya, I'M the nutjob. You're the one wearing the tinfoil hat. 
Central banks control the interest rate. 
It's not corruption, you just don't understand how it works. 
You want a currency nobody controls, and yet you spend half your life fighting with others over how to control it. Over which branch is the good branch, and blah blah blah. 
Anyway, you think what you want. I don't care for you nor your opinions. Bye.
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:12:01
Toys and real money is the same thing. Children and adults are the same, just adults have been alive longer, and there is nobody to tell them what to do.
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:16:38
The main thing, is that anyone can pay you with just basically a number, or QR code. This is good for receiving payment anywhere across any distance, when you don't control the environment exclusively. This is most useful on the internet. 
You can pay me for something on the internet, a good or service, or a tip, or whatever, without me having to be able to control the software or website and program it to accept currency.
It lets me deal financially directly with other people on the internet, rather than have to go through a third party, like a store or something.
If I wanted to, I could buy something digital from you right now, or a service from you right now. The major downside of doing business that way, is that it is sort of unsafe. i could give you money and you could run off without providing me the service or good, and vice versa. 
This is why at this moment in time, its greatest use that fiat cannot currently match, is tipping online. 
A service is provided and people may or may not choose to donate. 
Another more long term advantage, is that it could be a universal currency. People would talk about costs of things in Bitcoin, because everybody knows the purchase power of a bitcoin where they live. You could go to Japan, and have to do no conversion because you can see right away the value of a bitcoin. All online stores would have prices in local and bitcoin, so you can always know the value. It makes life a bit easier when the world gets smaller. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 15:54:29






Why is that a good thing? It would be better to be able to control the inflation rate, than be at its mercy.


The buying power of Bitcoin can grossly fluctuate, just not as a result of monetary policy, which is in fact a method of controlling its value. 
Your little semantic nitpicks are meaningless. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 15:49:30
Same thing. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:42:07
Central banks create new money and send it out as loans. Who gets it doesn't matter. What matters is that it is the vehicle by which new value can be constructed. 
If there was only one house in the world, worth 1000$, and we wanted to build a second one, the value of the world would need to double. 
You need to pay people and materials to build it though before it exists. So you make new money, invest it, and then there can be 2000$ worth of value in the world. 
It's a simplification, but the general jist of it. 
It doesn't matter who gets it. That's a whole different thing altogether. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 06:10:50
Bitcoin is not inflation proof. 
Monetary policy employed by national banks is designed to control inflation and keep it at a fixed rate. They do this by controlling the interest rate. 
That way, if your dollar gets strong for other reasons they can increase lending, which causes inflation, and keeps the dollar value low, all the while stimulating the economy with lending. 
Conversely, if the economy is slow, and the dollar is weak, they increase the interest rate, which reduces lending, and so the currency doesn't get devalued as much from making new money. It only does on higher interest loans, which are tougher to get, and therefore more likely to succeed and help the economy. More sure things and less risks.
These are good things.
Bitcoin doesn't have any of that, but it can still have crazy inflation. 
When the value of Bitcoin goes up and down, that's inflation and deflation. A lot of people buy Bitcoin just for the sole reason they are hoping for deflation, for the value to increase. 
But the value has decreased and it is possible for it to crash right all the way down to completely worthless even.
@_date: 2014-02-03 23:10:17
please explain. Value is basically work invested in something, no? Supply and demand aside. I mean, it is value in work applied. 
If I want to apply more work, i need to pay for it, but then the end result, is that there is more value then the work that has gone into it. 
If I borrow, and create new money, and invest it into creating less value that it cost, the country has economic issues. 
If I create more value, then that's fine, the country can continue to grow.
But that value is ultimately defined by supply and demand market forces.
@_date: 2014-02-04 05:39:57
I think distribution has not to do with currency or banking or decentralization but capitalism. You won't get any argument here. 
How much money you should create should be related to your gdp growth, and on the certainty of the prospect of a successful investment. If you can be certain the money you lend will create more value and worth to your nation than what you've lent, then you could continue lending "forever".
But this is not possible. We cannot create new value forever as the earth is finite. All of our public corporations are focused on sustainable growth. We are focussed on consuming more and more and we are growing in number, and our focus continues to be profit and greed. We are fucked. Capitalism is corruption. Mankind is screwed. I'm just curious about the currency. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:32:48
I don't get why people are so up in arms when they learn about this. It is is sensible. You need to create new money. This is how growth is achieved. National banks control the borrowing of money and therefore the rate of new money by setting the interest rate.
It does cause inflation, but as long as the money is borrowed to create new value, you're ok. 
If everybody borrows in order to buy yachts imported from another country, you'd be fucked. If the money is borrowed in order to invest in business which becomes successful, or spend within the country, giving businesses money to invest, then you're ok. 
The national banks are supposed to check if we are capable of growth or not, and set the interest rate accordingly. 
If no new money is created, it becomes more difficult to create new value. You can't just go an get a loan of new money. You need investors that already carry currency, and then the currency deflates as new value is introduced.
@_date: 2018-05-15 15:52:32
That's a pointless distinction. The money is devalued. Whether that's because you made more of it, or because of other reasons makes no difference. Your response is also bullshit, because if money raises in value, and is then devalued by exactly the same amount because we created more in loans, you would never say that there is a high rate of inflation. You would say the inflation rate is 0. 
That's what the national bank does, except it's better to keep the inflation rate low, rather than nil. 
@_date: 2018-05-15 15:54:39
@_date: 2018-05-15 23:03:53
Rise in value isn't always good, that's why monetary policy aims for a positive inflation rate.
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:23:28
I don't see how that can be useful for bitcoin. Its interesting NFC can transfer power that way, but it is incredibly small amount and its just changing a display that only requires power to change. I mean you could put your qr code on there, but you may as well just display it on the screen of your phone. 
That thing is pretty cool, but honestly I can't think of a single real use for it that would make sense. Oh no wait, I have one. Signage and Pricing.
I mean if you're a store that would be useful for receiving bitcoin, and can let you change your qr code easily.
@_date: 2018-05-16 14:20:32
Lol ok.
@_date: 2014-05-04 00:34:28
If bitcoin gets circulated enough for this really to become a problem, 1 bitcoin will be incredibly cheap, and we probably would not colloquially refer to such small fractions of one coin. With inflation as well, it would eventually grow really high. Some countries have really high numbers in how they use currency. Other countries are dropping some of their smaller demoninations because they are becoming too worthless. 
Eventually, if it keeps growing forever, we won't be discussing how to call fractions of coins, but we'll be using stuff like Megacoins, kilocoins, gigacoins and teracoins. 
I wouldn't worry about it. It's not something we need to plan really. People will just naturally do what's easier to them, as the need arises.
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:35:59
It would seem to me, that it would be good practice, to sort of setup your wallet, kind of like carrying cash and having a bank. You might but say 20-40$ worth into your app, or however much you want, and then keep the rest in other accounts, filling your spending account as necessary, so that, if it does get compromised, you only lose whatever you had in your spend account. 
Kind of like, if you get robbed, you only lose what was in your wallet, instead of your entire bank account.
@_date: 2014-02-04 05:45:13
Interesting, but ultimately, whoever has the best gear, or best knowledge for creating the most efficient system of bitcoin mining if there is technically specific  ways of being more efficient rather than just simple brute computing power, is whoever has the most money.
Whoever has the most money to spend on  that is on research and development of the hardware and pay for the expertise as well.
It may not be in the control of a sovereign nation but it will be controlled by money and profit as most things are.
@_date: 2018-05-15 06:12:40
Inflationless money, which can't exist.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:05:58
Ya, you need to benifit immediately, so that you have moeny to invest, in creating the new value. It is necessary that it works that way. Wages lag behind, but it is a predictable thing. The central banks decides how much inflation we get, so barring some meltdown, or unforeseen event, it won't be so bad. 
Right, that's when bailouts come in handy.
So, you have to invest new money correctly. It is a myth that creating new money is inherently bad. None of the arguments for that are sound. 
I'm not saying bticoin is bad because of that. But a central banking system, is necessary and bitcoin will have to adopt something similar, and the wealthy and powerful will still control its money supply. 
If you think that won't happen, and that's why you like bitcoin, then you'd be in for a surprise, they won't have mined it all until 2140 apparently, so you're ok.
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:56:20
Of course. That's obvious. But how can bitcoin become easier and safer? Less likely to lose the money.
And ok, so, I know there are arguments from an economics pov, why someone would use bitcoin, and from an anonymous point of view, but why would my grandma want to use bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:28:09
I have android. I have a wallet already on my PC, but, the way bitcoin works, it has to keep track of every transaction, which is more demanding at an exponential level with each transaction. 
Does my phone have to do this in order to be able to pay with bitcoin? 
I don't think my phone could handle of that really. I mean, I have a powerful phone, but even my i7 with my internet connection at my house is slow to process the transactions at this point in the transaction volume.
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:16:52
Its not safe though. In real money banks take the risk for losing your money. With bitcoin, I could accidentally lose all my money. 
When you start talking about backups and stuff like that, you A. Have introduced some level of risk for just plain losing your money, and B you've made things more complicated. 
If someone, right now, wants to use bitcoin people will be like, "here, read this FAQ, so you can understand it".  Thats too much.
Everything needs to be hidden. Bitcoin needs to be like "here, you get this, that i'll you for free, and then you can transfer money to it, like this, and that's it, you're good to go."
Otherwise it's like. "Well you have to learn all this stuff, then you have to download and update this software, create accounts, find a way to transfer money, make backups" and all stuff like that, and it's like, why?
You know what I mean? Right now people are going through a lot of trouble to use bitcoin. And that's cool, I get the pioneering thing.
But, if you have cable with one company, the other company has to offer a better deal, and also make it really easy to switch over.
Things need to be easy, and brainless, and have some advantage.
For everybody right now, its tough, and I see the potential advantages. But it needs to be easier and safer.
Bitcoin is not safer than my bank, and it is a lot more hassle. 
It has a real advantage for donations and ease of receiving payment. But, for spending it is very complicated.
I don't see how it could solve those issues. 
At most making an account would be as much work as is acceptable. 
Carrying an extra device around needs justification also. Why would I want that?
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:13:53
It's an electronic thing though. It needs to communicate to the internet. It's not like a credit card. That's too much. It will require battery power, charging, connection to the internet, and stuff like that. This solution is not viable in my eyes. 
It must be more simple than that. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:24:22
It must be simple and easy to get working, with little to no risk, and even at that, there must be some incentive for using it. The incentive must outweigh the pita of setting it up. 
Right now, that works, because there is incentive of hopes for a value increase. So, some few people will set it up in its current state, perhaps enough to really get the ball rolling so it becomes much more mainstream and viable of an option for people. 
Right now, it's way too complicated for people, but there is incentive for people to get it.
But beyond the incentive of value increase, and whatever other small things, like decentralized banking, and people that want to illegal transactions, and things like that, that really, only some people that thing of those things would be interested in, all there is left after that, is ease of use, and security. 
If it is easy and secure, then people will be more inclined to use it. especially if it grows in value for a long upward trend, which would probably happen if it got real easy and secure. 
Bitcoin may ultimately fail either way, but if it doesn't become user friendly, and secure, then it will not become ultra successful.
Most people have enough trouble just working their computers. Forget setting up all this currency stuff.
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:49:52
Thank you. You make good points, but isnt it conceivable that all the bitcoins *would* be tied up? Not by one single person but that they would all be accounted for? 
I could see how in practice, alongside fiat currency that could never really be an issue, but if it were the *sole* currency, wouldnt that sort of cause a problem potentially?
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:47:23
It didn't mean that as literally as you took it. 
You have to put work into something to give it value. The quantity of value that is depends on supply and demand. 
I can spend all day making a nice turd statue, but it won't be worth anything. But if wayne gretzky takes 3 seconds to sign the jersey he won his first stanley cup with, that will be worth a lot.
But value doesn't materialize from nowhere. In order to create value, something needs to be put in. 
The game is to put in less value than it will be worth, once your labour you put into it is over, and the more successful you are at that, the more profit you make. 
But except for some small personal things, like make a painting, or drawing, that labour that gets put in, costs money. You need to hire workers, and purchase materials, that cost workers and materials to get etc...
So, value is work put it, but it is not valued by the quantity of work put in. It is valued by supply and demand. It is however created by labour, human or otherwise. There is always a cost to creating value, the idea is to create as much value for as little as possible. 
There is even a cost to duplicating computer files, albeit it a very small one. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:53:22
This is true, and if your country willy nilly makes money like that, you will be fucked. 
The way it is supposed to work is on an investment basis. 
Same situation we each have 50$, and there is one coconut, I own for 50$. 
Now my friend goes to the bank, and borrows 30$, he uses it to buy palm tree seeds, and plants a palm tree, now there are 4 coconuts. In this small situation there are problems because once my friend gives me 50$ he can't buy more coconuts. And supply increased, though the demand of one person remains the same.
But, borrowing from your central bank, is supposed to be used as an investment to create the value of the money you borrowed, plus interest, plus surplus. 
If you do not do that, then the economy fails. 
If you do do that, then the economy can grow more and lend more, and the central bank tries to control whether the people invest or hold, by manipulating the interest rate. Because if the bank lends and lends and all that money went to nothing, and didn't add more value to the nation, then, as you say, there will be big problems.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:21:33
The internet in 1993 as i recall was very user friendly it was actually super awesome. Then it went to shit as more people started using it and companies exploited the search engines until google fixed it. Computers were not so bad either except for install in new stuff. I'll give you that.
Except here's the thing, look at a computer. Look at everything it let's you do. There is good incentive for a learning curve there.
I mean, computers now, for people that never used them before are still complicated. Tablets a but less. But there is so much reward, and not really any risk to lose a bunch of money.
Its not very secure. I mean I know it sort of is, but you have to be so careful. Make backups, be sure not to forget your complex private key but one no one else could figure out. And if something does happen, you lost your money forever.
There is very little incentive to use bitcoin. It is revolutionary in essence, but it is not really revolutionary in what it enables people to do.
So why would I go through all of this learning curve, and accept all this risk for my money?
It needs to be safe and easy or people won't use it.
Maybe it can become safe and easy, but how? Is my question. Some people have put forward some decent solutions for a hardware wallet, but idk. It still seems complicated to me, and I don't see why your average person would care to go through all this effort so they can receive digital payment without having a digital device that they need for making payment.
Idk, there seems to be an inherent flaw there.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:40:52
I can make a painting or draw a picture, or write a song, and create more value, sure. 
But I can't build a large number of things, without some sort of investment. It's like that now as well. Now, I can get that from private investors, or I can get that from the bank. But even if you get it from the banks with their money lending policies, generally, new money is created, because the banks are only holding a percentage of the money they have. The rest, they are lending out again. 
If I want to borrow bitcoins, in order to build something of high value, I have to borrow them from somebody. Actual bitcoins have to go from somebody, to me, in order for me to be able to pay workers and materials, in order to create my new value. Right?
Normally, that's not a problem, the bank will just lend money. More money can be made, you can't get a shortage of denominations. 
If there are only 3 of us in the world. One house worth 3 bitcoins, and one guy that has 3 bitcoins, if I want to make another house that is worth 3 bitcoins, but will cost me 2 to produce, then I need to borrow 2 actual bitcoins from the guy that owns the house. But that guy that owns the house, won't lend them to me, because he is paying the third person for the upkeep of his home with it. 
Maybe eventually, I could borrow the 2 btc I need from the house keeper, but I'd have to wait for that actual btc to become available, before I can use it, to create the second home, and now the value of btc doubles once it is created. 
I mean, I know this is simplified, and I failed to include the value of the service of the housekeeper, in my world valuation, but there seems to me, a problem with the fact that at some point, no more btc will be created.
I mean, maybe the rate of cash flow will be great enough, to make up for that, cash moving from one person to another, but the larger investment you need, the greater the problem becomes. 
I could see how deflation would help with that, but again, the larger the investment, the more difficult that would be. 
I think btc cannot exist without fiat currency. It might be able to exist just fine as an extra sort of trading "commodity" an extra currency. But I don't think it could replace fiat. 
If there are 100$ of value in the world, and it will cost you 90$ to create another 100$ worth. and the only currency is btc, and you can't make more of it, then you will need to invest 90% of the total world value, just so that it will deflate to 50% the world value once you're finished. which is a loss. 
If there is 100$ of value in the world, and you create a new 100$, by borrowing 90$ that were newly created, now you have an extra 10$, so you can pay the bank back your 90$ plus 5$ of interest, and keep 5$ to yourself.
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:50:43
Yes, absolutely, but if you have 10 bitcoins, and a value of 10 in the world. And now you want to mine new ressources, and build something new, you have to pay for that somehow. You can't just say "ok, bitcoins are double in value now!" 
What we do, is create new money, use that to put in the labour required to create new value, and then new value exists. 
Sorry, didn't look at video yet, but I'm about to.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:45:10
I can't say I really disagree with that, I'm just wondering, what it would take to be more user friendly. In the windows 3.0 days, I could have given you that answer.
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:52:51
Bitcoin needs to be easy to use, easy to spend, and needs to be easily secure. Things like earning bitcoins will come naturally after that. Nobody wants to spend forever setting up some currency, which can't be used everywhere, has a conversion cost, and where you could lose all your money if you forget your password, or where no bank protects you if you get robbed or anything like that. 
There are a number of reasons why people that support bitcoin support it. Some are to do with the future, some are to do with philosophical or economic ideals, such as decentralization. 
But average people don't give a shit about any of that. 
You need to be able to give people a good useful reason why they should switch to bitcoin. Make them want it. Not the reason *you* like it, but one that someone else will like. Something you oculd put in a commercial, and people will see it, and be like, "man that's awesome. I can do that with bitcoin? I'm getting that." And *then* once you've done that, it's still not enough. You have to make it easy as well. So easy, and at little to no cost. And then it needs to be safe as well, or otherwise be so incredibly valuable that it makes the risk worth it. 
Not saying that this won't happen in the future, but if you want to be able to mass sell people on the idea of bitcoin, you need to show them what it will let people *do*.
"Why should I buy a car?" not because it is good for the environment, not because of any philosophical reasoning, or anything like that. Because it lets you travel really far, really fast, and you can carry a lot of shit in it. That's why. 
Why should I buy bitcoin? What does it let me *do*? Not enough, right now. Fiat is still better for almost everything, except receiving tips or money online, without needing any infrastructure, just a QR code, or key. Maybe it will never have enough advantages for average people. It's too soon to tell, too hard to tell. Which means it is still incredibly cheap as far as its potential is concerned.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:49:02
I don't see that working out. It's still too complex, and kind of unreliable. Like, it could run out of batteries, and then you'd have lost access to all of your money.
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:46:01
Ya he is in debt but came out with a profit. The bank created more money which devalued at first, but its ok, because it was used to create more value, if it made more money and the guy didnt plant a palm tree, then there'd be a problem. 
@_date: 2014-05-03 23:15:31
Ya, metric is good, but maybe coin would be the better one to go with rather than bits. centicoins, coins, millicoins, nanocoins, stuff like that.
@_date: 2014-08-05 03:36:33
If the restaurant or whatever doesn't split tips, just print your QR code on a business card. 
That's the power of bitcoin. You don't need people to invent things and create infrastructure. You just need a QR code. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:42:45
Yes of course, but wages are adjusted to compensate with that. The inflation is planned for, since it is deliberate.
The value drops some tiny amount until new value is created and then new value creates new demand and the value of the currency goes up again. If new value is not created, then that causes a problem. Like, if we created a bunch of new money to give out as loans on mortgages and they all defaulted, that would cause a major issue. 
If however we make some new money and use it to create some new product, which is some fantastic success worldwide then you're ahead of the game. 
If you just keep printing new money you just devalue the currency. You have to print new money to invest it on new value.
That can happen a number of ways also, I mean just cash flow can create a money multiplier effect, which may offset the inflation. Its a mathematical problem one could solve. But if you print new money and a couple of guys hoarde it, then your making everyone poorer while making one person more wealthy. 
This, I feel, is the perception people have of new money. Except they are forgetting that the bank wants its money back, with interest.
If you are a wealthy man, and you are in the business of borrowing money without creating more worth than what you borrowed, then you will not remain wealthy very long.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:09:07
There have been better solutions, but anyway, what if somebody steals it? 
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:47:16
I'll grant you that problems are easily solvable. But what is even the problem? What it is that needs to be surmounted?
@_date: 2014-02-03 21:11:45
Could you list some for me? I am not familiar.
@_date: 2014-02-03 22:48:09
You're right, but you have to spend money in order to create new worth. You need to get materials, and pay people to produce it. You can't produce it first, and then have new value, and then pay for it. 
Your example for the euro is good. Doesn't the euro have a centralized bank though?
But, bitcoin would be an international currency. It would not be a single nation crashing into devalued money, and thus inciting investors to re-ignite the economy. 
If one nation was the majority "stake holder" of bitcoin, let's say, and it crashed, then all other holders of bitcoin would suffer, not just the country that needs to be helped out. 
Similar to your example in the EU. Where one nation's economy will bring down the others which they don't want. 
Bitcoin would be like EU cash for the world. But its distribution would not be controlled, and it might be an attractive option for nations with volatile economies to adopt, potentially, which could put it at a risk of a crash, if that nation's economy crashes. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 23:06:29
I'm canadian. I wouldn't judge how they teach economics here, based on me. 
I'm not concerned with elites and poor people. To me, that's something altogether different. Economics, in my view are largely an illusion. I mean real world things happen which are economic events, but for example, I don't believe that you can put the best economists of the world in a poor nation, and have them turn it around. It's deeper than that. 
What I'm curious about though, is that once all the bitcoins are mined. if I want to build something new, I will have to get my bitcoins from a private investor. 
Let's say the world is in expansion, and everybody is building new stuff, and I want to borrow some bitcoin, but all the bitcoins at their current prices, are all being spent on the act of creating new value. 
What do I do then?
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:20:14
Just creating more money doesn't add more value. The idea is to create money as an investment into producing more value. If a nation keeps creating more money, and doesn't create more value with it, then the currency gets devalued. If you create more money and create equivalent value, the currency can remain at the same value.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:43:15
That sounds expensive to me.
@_date: 2015-05-27 17:13:31
Lol. I think you mean device. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 14:37:53
No thx, It is too easy to lose it all that way.
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:30:21
I don't think I'd *have* any money, but I'd know a bank account in Switzerland that has 1mil$ in it. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:24:56
Because if bitcoin is meant to be an easy to use digital currency, and you can't use it with the digital devices that like, 80% of the population own, that's a pretty significant downside. 
If someone gets a bank account hacked and USD stolen, that has nothing to do with USD, but with the banking software. USD are not a digital currency, if using them digitally is unsafe, then it is unsafe, but that doesn't mean USD are unsafe. If using bitcoin is unsafe due to some of its fundamental digital design, or something like that, then it is useless. 
I'm just pointing out how people are trying to push bitcoin, saying how great it is, how easy it is, and how everybody should use it, and then something like this happens, and all these people come out of the woodwork saying "oh ya, well you should NEVER yada yada yada," Which means everyone that uses bitcoin needs to basically get a degree in cryptocurrency, and computing technology, just so they can own some currency to hopefully buy something if per chance the establishment they want to purchase from, accepts that currency. 
But you are free to like the currency if you want to. We don't have to agree. I won't read any replies to this comment. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:09:55
that's a bit of a weakness of bitcoin then.
@_date: 2015-01-11 21:47:17
This is just your philosophy though. I don't share it and neither does the majority of the population. 
I have no problem with how fiscal policy works.
I don't believe it is sensible to not be able to create more money. 
We can create more value in the world, right? So it makes sense that we could create more money. Sure, there is inflation, but that's OK as long as it doesn't get out of hand.
@_date: 2015-01-04 20:40:49
Right so vote based on what you think should be seen, rather than to give a gold star, or thumbs up, or say you agree. These things may coincide, but the site works better if people vote what they want to be seen by more people, imo.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:28:12
None of that matters. What matters is whether I want to use it for some purpose. 
There is a learning curve with it, and a risk with losing it all if you are not careful, and sometimes even if you are. 
If it will be successful, it needs to have value for the average person. Ir at least great use to someone for some specific purpose in order to get started. It can't rely on people not liking how central banks work, or hoping to hold it as an investment. 
It's not that complicated. You don't need to show graphs and shit. Nobody cares about that. I use a currency if it is useful to me. I don't give a shit about anything else. 
If I go to Japan, I use yen, because they are useful to me there. I don't  open a power point presentation and look at Japan's economy how it works, and judge whether or not the currency is "good" by whatever measure. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 21:35:13
Right. There is no point in trying to artificially raise its value. These will only be artificial added value which will only cause a drop in value and have an adverse effect in the long run. 
What you want, is to expose its real value. The real reason people should want to use it, and fix the downsides.
@_date: 2015-01-12 00:02:26
I understand exactly why inflation exists, why new money is created out of thin air, and what inflation is. 
I also understand that it is beneficial in the long run, if interest rates are properly set, and the economy grows at the predicted rate. 
The purchasing power of an individual depends on the economic success of their country, which depends on the effectiveness of the nation's investments, which are produced by the new money created, at a rate indirectly set by the central bank. 
But whether or not we agree on that doesn't matter. You will not be able to have a successful currency based on the fact that you don't like how fiscal policy works, because there are a lot of people that either don't give a shit, don't know anything about it, or are like me, and are fine with how it works. 
The currency needs to be useful as a currency. Not for some political view. 
From my perspective all the people that like bitcoin for these reasons are like free energy conspiracy theorist kind of people
I will be honest with you though, I think technical fiscal policy should work differently, as of all government, but not how bitcoin is, and given how society works with capitalism etc.. the way central banks work is a good system. 
It's all gonna crash though eventually.
@_date: 2015-01-12 00:25:35
The money goes the anyone that takes out a loan.
@_date: 2017-02-27 15:14:08
In a global meltdown, you should have food and water. Bitcoin will become essentially useless. And gold would also be pretty useless, unless the meltdown is so severe that there is no access to currency. 
Obviously currency would inflate a tremendous rate, but the value of gold would also plummet at an insane rate. 
Why would you want gold, in an economic meltdown scenario? Basically a worthless piece of metal.  You could use it as a medium of exchange, but if there is a crisis meltdown and all shit hits the fan, and I have food and supplies people want, I am not trading them for gold. I'll trade them for bullets, or water, or something that's in demand. Otherwise, I'll just continue to use the current currency. 
All that conspiracy crap is bullshit. 
There is little more inherent value in gold, than there is in Bitcoin, or copper, or paper. It has some great properties and it looks pretty, but most people won't care for those things when shit really hits the fan. 
They will care about their needs. Gold can inflate and deflate just like any other currency.
@_date: 2015-01-12 06:22:08
None of that matters. For bitcoin to be successful, it needs to be valuable as a form of currency. People need to want to get some because of some direct benefit they get. That's the reality of it whether or not you choose to look at it that way.
@_date: 2015-05-26 00:15:46
For 1 mil$? How long would I be in jail for?
@_date: 2015-01-12 16:52:19
Idk wtf you're on about with the analogy, but yes, it is a good deal. It is a good deal, because for the nation, and the currency, you are meant to invest the money loaned, and turn it into added value. If you buy a boat and it depreciates, then you're fucking everyone, because you took a loan, made new money, and didn't increase the nations value. 
With interest, you are meant to use the money and spend it in order to create a sum greater than its parts in value, with surplus to spare, that way, you can easily pay the bank back with interest, and have extra in your pocket, thus having created more value than what you had borrowed, and what new money has been made. 
This is why created new money is not bad. It is not bad if new value is created. The bank sets whether the nation would be in expansion, or conservative, by setting the interest rate, which affects how many loans people will be willing to take, and for what expected return. 
It's a good system.
@_date: 2015-01-12 06:12:08
It's not the monetary system that will cause the crash it is capitalism that will, in all likelihood. The monetary system suits capitalism very well. Changing to bitcoin won't prevent any sort of crash like that.
@_date: 2017-03-16 00:19:19
What are the BU devs?
@_date: 2016-01-26 02:27:28
Neat. I would always pay in compliments about the cashier's beard. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 01:49:28
What are they then?
@_date: 2017-03-27 20:18:46
I just want to say that following the bitcoin sub, and seeing all of this drama, attacks and fear of attacks, all of these people deciding the fate of the currency and people having huge differences of opinion, and talking about people not being informed enough, and tricked about it and everything like that. 
It *really* makes Bitcoin look bad. 
It's not really the sort of thing you want to hear about a currency you're using.
@_date: 2019-03-19 02:12:07
How could you do that?
@_date: 2015-05-27 15:26:42
LOL! If your currency can't be safe on your mobile phone, and it is a digital currency, that's a pretty big problem. It doesn't matter whether you want to call it the phone's problem or the currency's problem. 
You can't change the rest of the world in order to fit with the currency you want to use. Your currency has to work in the actual real world. 
@_date: 2019-03-20 02:38:23
Ya, it's actually true for everyone. Just look at insurance. Insurance is specifically designed for that. It's people with money, that will make more money, simply because you will pay them in the long run more than you will need to get from them in the short term, in the event you need to replace something expensive.
Insurance is a cost of being poor. If you were rich enough to replace whatever it was whenever you needed to, you wouldn't have insurance, because you'd just be throwing money away. 
You'd just be self insured. 
Insurance is kind of a poverty tax, if you think about it.
@_date: 2017-03-13 21:17:11
Why do they believe Bitcoin will fork?
And what exactly does that mean? Doesn't this mean that the network will disagree on transactions, and two separate histories will unfold?
@_date: 2019-03-19 00:39:29
The thing with being poor, is you can't afford to think long term lol. 
That's what rich people can do. When you're poor you can't do what's cheapest in the long run, you have to do what you actually have enough money to do right now. 
Being poor is expensive lol.
@_date: 2019-11-04 22:41:52
The point of many surveys is to be able to make a clickbait title to convince people of whatever it is you want. 
You don't need to convince everyone, just enough people. 
The most persuadable, are the ones that won't wonder, won't question, will just see the title, see that it fits with the narrative they want, upvote, and carry on.
@_date: 2019-03-19 00:37:46
Lol. The Bitcoin network was up, but if you can't use it, that doesn't help. 
Credit cards still work if the power is out, as long as the store or whatever still has the old method where they can take a print of your card. 
Bank cards would stop working, but you can still use fiat currency. 
Bitcoin does need electricity. That's a drawback. 
You can't just whatabout that away lol.
@_date: 2019-03-16 23:46:24
This title doesn't say "you need Bitcoin!" To me.lol. it says; "your currency can lose 96% of its value over a century, as long as it's consistent, and that's not at all a problem".
@_date: 2017-01-18 03:54:02
I don't see why you think it would be any different than the differences in wealth right now with whatever kind of money that exists. 
It doesn't matter if its bitcoin or pesos or whatever they use in Saudi Arabia. Money is money. If you inherited a lot of money because you held a lot of bitcoin, so be it. People inherit great fortunes all the time. 
I don't see why you'd think there would be more inequality through distribution. It's the same world, where people are buying the same things that have the same value. You're just changing the currency.
@_date: 2017-01-17 04:37:42
They would be very rich. Not much else would be different.
@_date: 2017-01-17 13:41:22
It will change a number of ways. Some people will sell off and make their money that way, and some will be mined, and some, the value of bitcoin will just go up. And eventually people will just use them more and more as money, buying everyday things. But you're right, that we can't know exactly the distribution.
If you keep a big stash to yourself and Bitcoin goes huge, then you made a huge chunk of change. Now you're rich. Just like if you invested in a small company that became huge.
Bitcoins can be divided into really small fractions, so, in that sense the supply is unlimited, but there is a limit on how much can be mined. All of the bitcoins are currently possessed by people. If it becomes some kind of global standard, then people will be using them, and spending them, and so they will be redistributed. We don't know how exactly though. But if all the world used bitcoin, they would be distributed very differently than they are now. There might be some heavy hitters holding on to huge quantities of Bitcoins, sure. All that will do though, is mean that they are rich.
@_date: 2018-10-03 22:37:17
Not making any accusations, but whenever I see something like this, I can't help but just think the OP arranged them like that, took the picture to post on Reddit, and then claims they found it that way to make the post karma worthy.
@_date: 2019-03-09 14:27:03
You can hold whatever you want. Bitcoin has a lot of issues gold doesn't have, and it has some advantages. 
It's also at higher risk of becoming completely worthless.
@_date: 2017-01-18 13:32:07
If owning disproportionate amounts of Bitcoin breaks the currency, then it is unusable. 
@_date: 2017-01-19 02:23:21
I think you underestimate the quantity of wealth the saudis have, and over estimate how much money someone can hope to obtain by holding Bitcoins. 
It's not going to make anyone a trillionaire. 
It's not going to significantly change the balance of wealth. All wealthiest people in the world would continue to be the wealthiest people in the world, except in Bitcoin. Bitcoins will need to be redistributed to everyone, and used by everyone, and those will need to come from some place. At first, as it begins to spread, it will be worth very little, and people will redistribute chunks that will eventually be worth a lot of money. 
You have this idea that somehow Bitcoin becoming the world currency will greatly influence the balance of wealth in the world, but that's false. 
You can talk about wealth inequality in and of itself, and whether that's good or bad, and this is a complex subject, but that's besides the point. It's completely moot. 
What you are saying is that Bitcoin becoming the world currency will cause income inequality significantly greater than if it didn't. That's false. Bitcoin doesn't factor into income inequality. It might make a few people millionaires, maybe some multi-millionaires, *maybe* a billionaire or two. But it's not going to create 20 new richest people of the world, or anything like that, if it becomes the most popular currency. That just won't happen.
It will make some people richer, but that happens all the time.
I can see this is going nowhere. I'm repeating myself here, so I'm gonna end it now. 
@_date: 2017-01-18 23:12:21


Actually, I don't really care that much whether or not Bitcoin succeeds. 
There is already a large disparity of wealth between individuals. Bitcoin is just a currency. It could make some individuals rich, but so can a lot of other things. 
The royal family in the middle east is far more wealthy than anyone will ever be from owning Bitcoin.
You haven't said one single thing that indicated that Bitcoin itself might be responsible for a significantly greater swing in wealth disparity than already occurs naturally with any other form of currency. 
@_date: 2017-01-18 22:31:49


No it doesn't.
@_date: 2016-11-14 00:57:32
No it won't. Bitcoin will never be successful as an investment scheme to make money. 
It will get value from being a useful form of currency. 
So, outlandish predictions might increase the price slightly, but a huge explosion like he is talking about, will require mass adoption, and that can't happen as a form of investment. It can only happen as a form of currency people use. 
That could potentially happen, but it first needs to become easier and safer, and sort of faster, in a way. Like running your own wallet on your PC is ridiculous.
All of that could potentially happen, but the way it is now, it is not ready for widespread adoption imo.
@_date: 2016-11-17 05:39:00
But bitcoin is currency. Gold has value because it is stuff with properties. Bitcoin is nothing but digital currency. 
@_date: 2016-11-25 02:20:41
Bitcoin will never takeoff until it's completely hassle free. 
Nobody wants to learn about all this lingo. Nobody wants to learn abotu having to be safe. Nobody gives a shit how it works. They just want dependable money they can easily spend. That's what people want from a currency.
The bitcoin community the way it is now is different. It's got a lot of crackpots that think creating money is the devil, people who want untraceable currency to be able to do illegal transactions, and people that want to use it as a sort of investment. 
And you know that's fine with me. 
But for Bitcoin to become huge, it needs to be easy, hassle-free, and it needs to have zero learning curve. 
That's just the fact of the matter. 
@_date: 2016-11-25 19:17:31
Ya, I included your kind. 
@_date: 2016-11-25 02:33:03
That was the front page headline. They are referring to the headline of the article inside the paper. 
so, you're both right. 
Although I would translate it with out "the", and just call it bitcoin lol. 
It's funny, because french people always do that as part of their accent when they speak english. 
"So you speak the french, and use the bitcoin?" -A french person.
@_date: 2018-06-11 17:59:41


No thanks. I'll be happy never to interact with you again. 


As I said, you have no idea what I think are the problems with Bitcoin, nor what could be possible solutions, so you're just arguing with yourself. 
You first of all invented what you think I have observed are the flaws with Bitcoin, and then you decided what the solution was to the problems you manufactured, and then you accused me of not being educated enough to recognize the solution you proposed would solve them, even when I admitted it would solve one of them.


No shit. I am just looking at it objectively. I have no biased favouritism for the success or lack thereof of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-17 15:27:31
mmmm, not quite, because one penny is essentially worthless, which means I would need to convert it to real money, which would mean going to the bank. And that's if I had a steady stream of pennies to pickup. 
We don't even use pennies in Canada anymore, we just round off. So, a penny would be pretty much worthless to me.
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:49:49
Lol. These Bitcoin threads are hillarious. Exactly like conspiracy theories. 
"This one thing used to suck, and now is huge. Bictoin is like the huge thing when it used to suck! Believe me."
"Netflix used to suck, you could only order movies in the mail. But then it went digital, and the old Blockbuster model died." Netflix is bitcoin back when it was mail order, and fiat is blockbuster" 
That's the total truth. There are more examples out there so Bitcoin is for *sure* going to blowup. 
"Bitcoin is definitely not flying car attempts, or any other failed creation, because we don't make threads like that."
@_date: 2018-06-11 19:06:16
LOL you're making the same mistake again. You are assuming what I believe the problems are for flying cars, and you are posting me stuff of vehicles that still haven't solved those.
Maybe next time ask me what I think the insurmountable issues are first, and when you get that information *then* look for things that have solved those. 
@_date: 2018-06-22 04:19:37
You're really reaching, now. Plus, fiat can be used via debit or credit, which never changes hands.
@_date: 2016-11-14 01:37:13
Not necessarily. Money is not strictly created by loans to the state. 
Every bank has a reserve they need to keep. The rest of the money goes out in loans. That's new money. Loans to average people.
@_date: 2016-11-14 00:51:56
Doesn't necessarily mean *never*. It might be I.possible to pay it off now, or next year, and it may never be paid off, but more and more money will exist, so it *could* potentially one day get paid off.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:16:01
Ya, well, if they find a way to fix everything that's wrong with Bitcoin, it might become useful to people. We're a long way away from that though, afaict. 
But even if that *does* happen, the advantages won't be "sooooooo great".  Bitcoin is nowhere near to fiat what email is to snail mail. Not even close.
@_date: 2017-01-17 05:57:40
If Bitcoin became the global currency, its distribution would change. 
We already have income inequality.
@_date: 2018-06-11 03:42:49
Email is far faster and more efficient way to send text mail. Cars have many advantages over horses. Many good reasons to want a car instead of horse and carriage. 
Why would anybody trade in all their fiat for Bitcoin? 
Bitcoin has only one useful feature that fiat does yet have. That's that you can accept payment from anybody that has Bitcoin, with nothing but a QR code. That's a pretty good advantage, but it's not something most people care about, and it's certainly not worth all its shortcomings to them. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 03:32:49
The internet was obviously a fantastic thing that was only going to better over time, and everybody that knew about it wanted it, and got it as soon as they could afford it or get access to it.
Bitcoin has a bunch of flaws and no real reason for anybody to use it. You can tell someone about Bitcoin and they can ask "why would I want that?" And there isn't a very good reason.
I know everybody here has a reason, but most people don't care about any of those. It's not a useful thing for most people. It doesn't provide something people want.
The single biggest draw for Bitcoin is that people want to own it so that it goes up in value so that they make money. All of that demand is creating a massive bubble, because none of that demand is any real value, and it's a big percentage of overall demand.
If those problems don't get solved, Bitcoin will die. 
If they all get solved, it could hit mass adoption. 
None of its major flaws have any solutions on the horizon that I can see. 
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:44:12
Ya lol, I was thinking the same sort of thing. These would be great in terms of creating art. Idk about an entire palette for me, since that would be pretty heavy, but I think it would definitely be cool to use a bunch of these to make some stuff. A coffee table is definitely a cool idea, too. But I might make it so I just use a table top surface of stacks, maybe a couple inches thick, and cover it in glass as you said.
@_date: 2018-06-11 15:19:44


Ya, I'm not even sure Bitcoin meets this requirement. An invention also needs to be actually finishable. I mean, you can start building a flying car, but if you don't have a way to overcome the fundamental flaws, you won't be successful when you finish it.




That's only one of its major flaws, and It's only temporary.


I have found it perfectly predictable so far.
Quotes other people made about things applied to Bitcoin is not very strong reasoning for how or why it will be successful. 
You to specifically address its problems and present solutions. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 15:00:59
Maybe it is. I don't see how they will solve its major flaws. I can see how expanding your internet network could do that, and it was already obvious that something like that could work, because there was BBS, and going from that to internet would have been a well known upgrade to anyone that knew what these things meant.
For Bitcoin, I don't see how they are going to solve the major issues it has. And if/when it does, I don't see what's so great about it that will have been flocking to it. It would have to be better than fiat for the *average* person. In basically every way, or be so good in some ways that it's worth the drawback in others. 
Just saying "Some good stuff we have now used to suck" is not a valid argument for Bitcoin getting mass adoption. 
When most of all those things that sucked sucked, I would have agreed that they will be huge. I knew android would be huge when it first started out, for example. 
I don't see it with Bitcoin. Maybe you do, but, in order for me to be able to be convinced, you will have to show me with sound reasoning. 
1. The most successful technologies were once new
2. Many great new technologies start off shitty with very little adoption at first.
3. Bitcoin is a new technology
C. Therefore, Bitcoin will be a huge hit.
Is not anywhere near being a good argument.
@_date: 2018-06-11 18:48:27
Seen it. Not a flying car enough. Doesn't solve the fundamental problems well enough.
They may eventually figure it out though.
@_date: 2018-06-11 18:38:11
I'm sure they are being worked on, but I don't believe they will be successful.
People are working on making flying cars also. 
@_date: 2016-12-28 23:29:47
Ya lol. He also is very well aware that he has a lot of twitter folllwers, and just tweeting stuff gets posts like this, which inflate bitcoin, which he is holding. 
What we really should be doing, is asking Ja Rule, and see what *he* thinks.
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:51:34
Bitcoin has to undergo a number of decisions that determine its evolution. There will be all sorts of people in all sorts of position of power that influence it in all sorts of ways. 
Most of the conspiracy theory reasons to have Bitcoin are bullshit. 
@_date: 2019-08-04 16:59:16
Ya, exactly. I want to live in an environment where people feel safe, can be open and kind with each other, and make each other happy. Not one where everyone is guarded and fearful of everyone else, and trying to take as much as they can.
That's the concept of karma. It's just a better way to live, it builds a better society.
When society has muggers, and thieves, and most criminals really, aside from those with psychological disorders, then that's really because society has bred the conditions to create those people. It's a symptom of a dysfunctional society.
@_date: 2018-06-11 16:51:31
I never specifically cited any of the flaws I believe it has, so you have no way of knowing whether the lightning network will solve those. 
It will solve one.
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:53:01
In countries with hyper-inflation I could see how it could be useful. But I'm talking about for the average person. 
Bitcoin is not looking very good because of its flaws which don't have any solutions on the horizon. That's all I'm saying. 
@_date: 2016-11-14 02:46:47
It doesn't matter. Any current trend does not demonstrate "never". Only proof of impossibility does. It needs to be mathematically impossible, not incredibly improbable. A lot can happen in forever.
@_date: 2019-08-11 17:45:56
Ya lol, that would actually be perfect. I'd *much* rather have venezuelan currency as my monopoly money than the monopoly money. It would also be pretty cool, if you made a version of monopoly that was like venezuelan syle or something lol.
Unfortunately, I don't really like that game though.
@_date: 2018-06-11 19:17:50


Bullfucking shit. If history taught you anything, it's that only the things that have been surmounted so far, are surmountable. 
I look at things, and observe them, and I formulate opinions on them. I don't shit on everything because it's a little rickety in the beginning. 
Just because I don't think Bitcoin will solve all of its issues, that doesn't mean that I think everything that starts out with issues won't be able to solve them. 
That's a ridiculous thing to say. It's the same bullshit as what I think you, and if not other people here were saying earlier but in reverse. 
"All great technologies start of shitty, bitcoin is starting off shitty, so Bitcoin will be great."
If you want to convince me of something, all you need to do is reason well. If you can't do that, you shouldn't hold your opinion in the first place. 
@_date: 2016-11-14 17:51:05
When banks make loans and create money out of thin air, they are not always indebting the US. A lot of those loans are going to private individuals or to corporations, which has nothing to do with national debt. 
Creating money out of thin air, is not a bad thing, if it is done correctly. It is what gives the economy momentum. 
It's a common business strategy to take a loan, and indebt yourself, and then invest that money into business so you can pay off the loan and then some. 
This is the same practice banks conduct. They give out loans, hoping to create more value than what they loan. If they succeed at that, then the dollar value goes down, which is not necessarily good, and making loans increases investment opportunities for growth. So, they have a target inflation rate, which is the ideal rate of inflation, and if the loans create the right amount of increased value, the inflation rate stays at the ideal rate, and the economy grows. 
Shit hits the fan when the loans don't produced the projected growth in value, and don't help regulate the dollar properly. 
If it happens all of a sudden, that's a real problem. If it happens a bit gradually, that's not such a big deal, because you can control lending via the interest rate, which is how it works. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 21:13:35
If that was your contention from the start, you should have never responded to me in the first place.
@_date: 2018-06-26 13:53:56
Lol. What a stupid question. If anybody knew the answer to that, the market would already be at "up". It's not more up than that, because people aren't sure it will go a lot more up. Or not in a timely manner. If everyone *was* so sure it would double, they would all be buying buying buying, until it got to that point. 
So these types of questions never make sense.
@_date: 2019-08-04 02:15:03
I say "karma" all the time, and I don't believe it is anything mystical. You do good things to people, and they will remember that, and it could come back to you directly from them, or they will feel that others are kind and be willing to do the same, and it can come back to you indirectly. 
It's not some hocus pocus beliefs. Karma is objectively real. 
The reverse is also true. If you're a dick to people, people will be a dick to you, and if people feel threatened and feel they need to protect themselves from the outside world, then they will do less good and outgoing things for others, and you will not be able to benefit from the good will of others.
You can have beliefs, and the next guy can, and anyone can. But the facts of reality are the facts of reality, and all you can do is either recognize that or not. You can't alter the universe according to what you choose to believe.
@_date: 2018-06-11 03:51:41
Wtf are you talking about? Everybody wanted cellphones. They were just expensive. So people had pagers. Then by the time the Nokia's got popular a LOT of people had them, and then Motorola razor was popular, And then blackberry came out and that was the beginning of smartphones, and then iPhone and Android. It just kept on growing and growing. Now everybody has one.
@_date: 2019-02-20 15:49:53
Ya, those aren't the currency in paper form though imo. They are just sort of paper methods to transfer it. 
You are really easily impressed I see lol. 
You know what I do when people talk to me like assholes? I just block them, because I think they are just a waste of time and don't deserve any more of my time.
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:45:40
The irony actually is palpable. 
A lot of people wanted bitcoin because of decentralization and lack of control etcetera. But the thing is, where profit is concerned, men will always find a way to control it. 
And here we are, in a sub where popular opinion is facilitated and ideas can be shared about bitcoin, at least one person is manipulating the posts for their own private interests in the currency. 
It is not human nature to be corrupt. But the few rotten apples spoil the bunch.
@_date: 2019-02-13 22:20:28
That list looks like a list of people that cooperated with police and got off easy because of it, and the head of the whole thing got what he deserved. 
I don't think this looks like Ross should have a more lenient sentence, but everyone else should have had a harsher one. 
I can only guess it must be because they gave information that helped them convict Ross, or find him or both, as well as tip themmoff to all sorts of other things for the operation. 
That would let law enforcement put a bigger sent in their operations, rather than just put one guy in jail, and have him replaced immediately.
@_date: 2019-02-20 17:09:07
He said paper money was going away. He didn't say fiat was.
@_date: 2019-02-20 06:32:55
He thing is "paper" and "fiat" are not the same. And fiat is less and less being transferred with paper money.
Bitcoin is not an alternative to paper. It just doesn't have a paper version of itself like fiat has, due to its fundamental nature.
@_date: 2019-02-05 00:56:47
Same for everything. But demand for currency comes from wanting to use it as currency is the point. Gold technically doesn't have inherent value in the strictest sense, but it is a material that has properties which are useful.
Bitcoin is nothing without being useful as currency.
A dollar bill doesn't have any inherent value either, but that's ok, it's useful as currency, therefore it is in demand and has value. 
If Bitcoin is not useful as a currency, then it is destined to die. 
Right now it has uses as a currency for certain niche purposes. Illegal transactions being one of them. 
It won't explode unless it becomes desirable as a currency to the masses, which I don't see how it will be. 
It will not explode as an investment opportunity to store and collect.
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:40:24
Yes. Start a new sub.
@_date: 2019-02-20 21:31:22
Which was what?
@_date: 2015-08-25 16:16:34
It's the supply and demand. If more people want it, and buy it, it goes up. Nothing needs to change about it. People just need to be buying it or selling it, or not. 
@_date: 2019-02-20 17:08:04
idk, but he said "paper" not "fiat".
@_date: 2019-02-05 00:51:20
Well, what I mean is that it has no other use other than being a currency. 
Some things do have inherent value though. Water and food and air all have inherent value.
@_date: 2019-02-04 23:27:09
What this post is saying, is that if a currency loses 99.5% of its value over 317 years, then under the right circumstances, that doesn't mean shit, and can even mean an indication of a thriving economy.
@_date: 2019-02-20 20:17:06
Ya, he failed and sold PayPal for 10$ which is what he used to fund Tesla and then SpaceX.
@_date: 2019-02-20 15:50:42
Huh? Elon Musk started Paypal. He solved any transfer issues with fiat a long time ago. Before Tesla and SpaceX.
@_date: 2019-02-20 17:40:40
Through paypal? I am pretty sure I have done that a few times. But I would never know because it's just as easy to send it to one place as it is to another. 
@_date: 2015-07-26 22:24:52
What you're missing, is that if the value created from printing the extra money is enough, than it more than enough compensates for the extra inflation. 
So, everybody wins. China wins, and america wins. LOL.
Just because the US is printing the money, doesn't make it worthless. It is still money. The US can't just print as much money as it wants. It needs a growing economy growing at a fast enough rate where it can manage printing more money without crashing financially. China doesn't give a shit where the money came from. It will be good for china, as long as the US doesn't create too much money too quickly, or suffers severe financial crisis. The US doesn't want that either, obviously. So, they are safe with that. 
If the US borrows money, and it creates enough value, then the money borrowed and the interest was worth it. 
When you create and borrow money, you have an opportunity to create more value than exists in the world. But you have to pay the loan back, so the value you create has to be greater than the loan plus interest. If you do that, you're fine. It's pretty basic. 
All the people in Bitcoin community that think bitcoin will save everything because the federal reserve or whatever banks are printing money, are all people that don't understand how economics work. These people will also point to nutcases that managed to get degrees in economics without understanding anything also.
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:51:26
Bitcoin in its current state cannot, and should not go mainstream. 
If it somehow went mainstream, and a lot of people had bitcoin, and some of the things we've seen about people stealing bitcoins, regardless whether it was the user's fault or not, and they don't get reimbursed, that would create a huge scare in bitcoin, and it would be incredibly hard to come back from that. 
Bitcoin needs to first be simple, and secure, secure meaning, you can't lose a piece of paper, and there goes 10,000$, or someone can't somehow trick you into getting information with which they clean out your account, and you have no banking institution to cover your losses.
People, the masses, need Bitcoin to be easy, care free, and safe. 
Nobody really cares about centralization or this or that when it comes to currency. 
They just want something safe, easy to use, and stable. 
If Bitcoin can become those things, it can skyrocket. If it convinces people it is those things before it has become them, then it will crash and leave a bitter tastes in everyone's mouth whenever they hear "bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-12-23 14:59:18
Seriously? How many Bitcoin you think have disappeared? 
A shit ton.
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:00:10
Printing money isn't supposed to solve problems caused by printing money. It is supposed to regulate inflation so that it is at an ideal growth rate, consistent with creating greater wealth. That way the country continues to make more money and grow it's wealth, and keep a predictable amount of inflation. By setting the interest rate, the central banks control how much money is printed, and therefore control inflation, so that when the economy is growing printing reduces the value of the dollar, and invests more money into the economy to try and keep growing it, whereas when the economy is weaker, printing stops, so that the dollar gets stronger. 
Bitcoin can't really do any of that at this point.
@_date: 2015-07-16 01:37:20
Lol, maybe I'm starting to see the reasoning behind these laws. 
@_date: 2019-02-04 23:32:10
Well, technically, if Bitcoin becomes ubiquitous, and a currency everyone uses, then sure, you'll get rich from holding it. 
But the thing is, you're right, you need to invest in something that has value in its own right, and whose value increases over time. 
Bitcoin is a currency, which ordinarily would not be something like that to invest in, really, maybe to hedge a little or something like that. But Bitcoin is a new currency, that's the product, in this case, a new digital currency. 
But the product needs to be good at being the product. Bitcoin needs to be good at being a currency. It needs to be useful. People need to want to use it. They need to want to use it as currency, to buy things with it. 
If everyone that owns Bitcoin just wants to hold it to get rich, then Bitcoin isn't being used as a currency, it's being used as a store of value. 
The problem, is, it has no inherent value. It's value only comes from demand, and demand should come from wanting to use it as a currency. There is only so far it will go as people hoping to hold it as an investment store of value, and when those people decide it's not worth it anymore, the value will plummet and it will turn to dust. 
@_date: 2017-04-25 02:31:42
Bitcoin won't help you, if your country has an economic meltdown. 
I mean, you could hold any other currency to counter inflation, but if shit hits the fan you're fucked no matter what. Unless you have enough for retirement in Bitcoins, and it doesn't drop too much after the catastrophe. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 01:36:21
Things like this make me wonder what kind of idiots are working there. I mean, what the hell were they thinking. How could they even say that? and they didn't even think it through, they just figured out later, "o..oh.. ok... well uh... nevermind I guess... But we're still watching you, so.. watch out. And still no female pleasure in porn for no apparent reason, so there." 
@_date: 2017-04-19 22:40:29
That's a downer it had some great games. I had the ATARI ST 2000, and from what I saw of other computer systems around at the time, it was the far superior machine. 
@_date: 2015-08-06 14:59:22
I think it is because with a new currency it is easier to increase its value over larger percentage points. So, you could mine new coins and make a killing even if the value is really small, it wouldn't take much to make it double. If you have 20,000$ of value you need enough demand to pump it to 40,000$ and you doubled your money. 
If your value is up at 200 million, then you need to bring it up to 400 million, which is a lot harder, and also only doubles your invested money.
So its a better get rich quick scheme to start something new and creative hype, than it is to stick with bitcoin. But bitcoin is way farther ahead, and so is a better long term solution.
@_date: 2017-04-20 15:15:41
Good point, but that just begs the question as to why the ATARI busy bee is that blog's logo. 
Not that I'm judging either way.
@_date: 2017-04-21 01:58:15
Your mistake was to be anive enough to believe that something so powerful could exist with nobody that would find a way to be in control of it.
I could have told you this years ago, and you would have probably fought me on it vehemently.
@_date: 2017-04-19 22:13:15
Not sure why the icon is the ATARI ST busy bee for when the windows OS was thinking, but it's a nostalgia blast for me, for sure. The background needs to be green though.
[Like this.]( Neochrome was essentially MSpaint.
@_date: 2018-11-09 16:14:40
Bitcoin is not blockchain technology. It's a currency that uses blockchain technology. 
If you can't tell me in a few words why bitcoin is useful to me, then it isn't, imo. 


Being impossible to counterfeit is maybe nice, but world banks controlling the money supply through interest rates, I think is a good thing, and the average person doesn't care about conspiracy stuff like that. It's not something Bitcoin does for them. They don't care about fiscal policy. People don't know anything, and they don't want to study for years just to understand if they should be using some currency.


That's not true. People spread that around, but everyone knew the internet would be huge. Before internet there were already BBSs which were already popular, and it was obvious the internet would open things up. I even knew as a child how powerful the internet would be. it was obvious how speed and bandwidth would make everything much better. What wasn't quite as obvious to me, was that things like Twitter would exist, and facebook, but the fact that the internet was going to be something huge that everyone would use, I've always known. It's not a hindsight thing.
I have been listening. I am not here because I did not think Bitcoin was worth analysis. You can say that about anything though. These are all conspiracy theorist type arguments you are making. 
"Every great thing started out shit" of course. "Experts were all real excited about every great thing, and average people didn't understand." sure. Those might very well be facts, and they are. But what they absolutely are NOT are the equivalent of "Every single new technology that people don't understand and has some people real excited about it, will be successful."
There are TONS of "inventions" perpetual motion machines, and all kinds of crap that "experts" are real excited about. 
If you can tell me why I'd want bitcoin, then ok. When you say "here watch these propaganda videos that are full of poor arguments that create the impression that something is good, without actually demonstrating that it is." then that's a big red flag to me lol. Every conspiracy argument is like that. The person can't put into their own words why something is worthwhile, and they can only point you to propaganda. And you have it all queued up, too.  I'm not stupid. That stuff won't work on me. I'll see a bunch of bad arguments, and I'll have to turn it off, because I can't tell the person in the video that their argument is full of shit. 
If this was 1985, I'd be able to tell you *exactly* why the internet was going to be amazing. If this was 2000, I could tell you why google was going to be amazing. If this was 2010, I could tell you exactly why android was going to be amazing. In 2010 iPhone and blackberry were the two big popular smartphones a cut above the rest. My first phone was the htc desire. Because I knew that android sucked now, but it was going to take over, and I didn't want to switch system. 
I can't predict the future, but some people see better than others.
But you think what you want. If you think Bitcoin will be huge, go right ahead. I'm just saying, if you can't tell me "Bitcoin will be great, because it will let you do x" then, I don't see why I'd ever want it. 
You need to be able to answer that simply for wide adoption. The world isn't going to sift through your propaganda videos in order to figure out they want to use some difficult risky currency that requires so much learning to use. Forget it.
If it ever gets more common place and easy, maybe. But they still need a reason, that if ALL the problems were solved, why they would go and change their money to Bitcoin. 
There really isn't one, unless they travel a lot, and want to be paid with a QR code. That's 2 things. All the rest of that federal reserve crap is all propaganda bullshit. It's like the gold standard crap, and it melts in the Trump bullshit. It's probably all tied to the Russians as well. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 13:05:45
I don't mean that the debt is completely paid off. Just the minimum payments.
@_date: 2018-11-09 03:11:42
I can't predict the future, but Bitcoin has a lot of major hurdles to overcome, and very little advantage over fiat, with a lot of major disadvantages, some of which may never be solved.
When you talk about full adoption, you have to think about why would *everyone* want Bitcoin? 
Everyone you know, you know all your neighbours. 
Why would they want it? And there's a chicken and the egg with it, which is nobody accepts it so nobody wants it, but it's a lot worse than that. 
The electric car has some.of that, but it still has a number of advantages making it worthwhile. 
But Bitcoin is virtually worthless to like 99% of the population, and there's not really a use for it. It doesn't make anything easier, it doesn't make buying faster or anything like that. 
The only that's really a lot easier with it, is that you can accept money with just a QR code. Or a string. But, there's things like PayPal too. Which is not *quite* as easy, but for most people, being able to accept payment with a QR code, isn't that interesting.
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:57:03
I don't care about that. I just don't see how Bitcoin can be useful. Why would somebody want Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-09-22 03:21:31
I never said it was being paid. perhaps you didn't read my entire comment.
@_date: 2018-11-12 18:10:31


I'd have to see those numbers, but I'm not sure what the exact target is. They have also had problems like the 2008 market crash. 
3% over 100 years is not a big deal.


No. You don't have to. If you can keep paying off the interest, and just stay in perpetual debt forever, that's not really a problem. 
Where it gets to be a problem, is when you can't pay that off anymore, and then everything crashes to hell. 
But using Bitcoin won't prevent that. All it will do is remove the ability for banks to act through fiscal policy, manipulating the interest rate in order to control inflation, and allow more more or less spending. It's like the gas pedal. 
So, if the bank sees that the economy might be bad in the future, it slows down lending, to help mitigate any problems with not being able to pay loans back, like what happened in 2008. Obviously, what happened in 2008 was not foreseeable by the fed.
With Bitcoin there would still be borrowing and lending, but just no new money, so that would either mean the value of the currency would always increase whenever we want to expand the value of all that which exists, i.e. create more value in existence, or we just won't be able to borrow any money from anyone to expand in new areas. 
The whole inflation scare, and control of money supply rhetoric as a pro for Bitcoin is conspiracy scare tactic bullshit. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 05:13:18
You can think what you want, I don't care. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 03:20:48
So does yours.
@_date: 2016-09-22 03:08:37
No thanks. The internet is full of bullshit on this subject.
@_date: 2018-11-08 21:25:40
There is no reason to believe this is developmental stage of a currency that will have wide adoption, rather than a currency that will soon all but die out.
@_date: 2016-09-27 18:05:04
Investment strategy is not a good reason to buy Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not shares. Any value it gets from prospecting is artificially inflated value and will crash. 
The only real good dependable reasons to use Bitcoin, are for functional reasons in terms of being a currency. 
Anything else is kind of pyramid schemy, and will work great for some people that will make off with a lot of money, but will work very poorly for a large portion of people.
@_date: 2018-03-04 18:21:10
Well, since they are hopefully not complete idiots, they probably weighed inflation in as a factor, and found that economically speaking, it was still the best course of action, despite inflation. 
I mean, they may end up being wrong, economics isn't always an exact science, but if it jump starts their economy, then they may come out ahead. 
@_date: 2018-11-11 23:46:39
No it won't lol.
The Federal reserve and every national bank aims to have a certain inflation rate, which is around 1%. 
They don't just go willy nilly printing money to pay off the debt lol. 
If they did that, there would already be ridiculous inflation and zero debt. 
Idk why people sell that bullshit story of fear and I understand even less why people believe. 
What do people think will be different tomorrow as compared to yesterday, where they will just create crazy inflation by printing money like that? 
They've been able to print money forever, and have had debts forever.
@_date: 2018-11-09 03:37:43
I've been paying somewhat attention which is why I am subbed here.
Thanks for all the links, but that sort of thing is kind of part of the problem of Bitcoin. You need to get a PhD in order to use it properly, and even then, you might easily lose all your money because of a fuckup.
Plus there's all the forking business, and I just don't see an advantage. It should be a clear and easy advantage, like I need to go and buy Bitcoin in order to do something I want to do. If I have to study YouTube videos in order to try and grasp why I might need it, then I probably don't, imo.
But I do appreciate the links. I may check them out, but I can't right now.
@_date: 2018-11-09 02:39:52
There are many solutions to that problem, and most of them are just you need to plan ahead. 
Lengthy flights don't usually land in remote villages in Africa, for one thing. 
People have been getting along in all situations right now. And even if there was some sort of rare case where Bitcoin would be useful like that, its so uncommon that it can't be the cause of world wide adoption. 
So in your case the people in the remote village won't accept Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-11-09 03:56:58
Sure, but the internet was obviously a very powerful thing that would be amazing once it got more user friendly. 
If Bitcoin solves all of its user friendly issues, there is still virtually no advantages to using it over fiat.
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:56:41
I was never ranting about price fluctuations. But the reason people find it an issue, is because Bitcoin is not supposed to be an investment get rich quick scheme but a currency. In order to be useful as a currency, you want it to be stable. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 02:19:52
As long as inflation is kept at the ideal level, everything will be fine. This will be controlled with interest rates. 
Having a large debt is obviously not ideal, but as long as it all gets paid with interest and the economy keeps growing, it's alright. 
Where shit will hit the fan, is things like the recent crisis, or suddenly growth cannot continue. 
When this happens, the world will be fucked no matter what. It will necessarily happen, unless we start expanding beyond the boundaries of earth. 
So the space race, is important, in that sense. 
If the US takes on debt, and invests that into an economy that grows strong enough to pay the debt back plus interest, the states become more powerful, and quality of life goes up, for who, depends on your government policies. 
Making new money, and making loans is a way to promote growth in the national economy. 
If it creates debt, that's kind of bad, but again, if you pay it off with interest and grow, that's not so bad. But if you keep doing that, demands get harder and harder, and growing the economy could eventually fail. 
Whether or not that happens depends on where your economy growth comes from. It has always been like that. 
imagine you had a credit card, and you used it to buy yourself stuff that turned a profit enough to pay the payments and the interest but not pay it off, and you did that more and more, and got more and more wealthy from it, more and more debt, but you then owned factories, and lots of name brands, with lots of debt, but you are continuously paying it off. That's what  is happening. 
Perhaps not the best strategy, but it's a common one. Bitcoin can't help that. 
You need a national bank that's controlling interest rates, and inflation, and is essentially the gas pedal for the economy. 
If the future looks bleak, then spending and borrowing should stop, and saving should begin, and then you brace for impact. 
in the case of the recent crash, it was a sudden obstacle that came out of nowhere. 
@_date: 2018-11-08 23:06:55
That's not true. Atari was better than IBM. Beta was better than VHS. There are other factors for adoption.
@_date: 2018-03-04 19:09:45
Ya, that's a head scratcher for sure lol.
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:58:20
Who is they? What benefits? There are barely any benefits aside from the conspiracy propaganda ones.
@_date: 2018-11-08 23:05:50
Ya, exactly.
Why would the average person want or need Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-11-11 15:55:42
I have been following the price of bitcoin closely ever since it was worth 100$
@_date: 2018-03-04 19:42:58
I will be my own judge of what is stupid and what isn't. 
@_date: 2016-09-26 00:58:11
Doing this does raise the value, but if everyone does that, and that's where most its value comes from, it's value is artificial, which will create a bubble that will burst eventually.
If everybody wants to hold on to bitcoin, then they are purchasing it, and holding on to it in the hopes that it increases in value so they can sell it. 
If enough people do that, then this is exactly what will happen, they will increase in value. 
But then people might want to cash-in, and then sell it, and this might cause a huge crash as lots of people want to sell it. 
What you want, in a currency, is that it holds value because it has demand as a currency. So that it has value, because people want to use it as currency. That's what it is, currency. 
Some scheme thing, where you just wait for lots of people to buy it, hoping it will increase in value, and then you sell and profit, is just going to make some people real wealthy and lots of people real poor. 
If you *really* want to help Bitcoin, you need to help make it have demand as a currency, as a method of payment that people are interested in. Not as a sort of get rich quick, or investment typed thing. 
Obviously, it's not a terrible idea to buy some and hold on to it, in the hopes it goes up in value, which you can do with any currency, and if it becomes common place, you could make a lot of money that way. 
But if that's all people really want it for, if it doesn't have true demand as a currency, then the value is artificial, and it will crash and burn. 
As a busy person in real life, the best thing you could do for bitcoin, imo. Is try to incorporate as much as possible in your every day life. Offer it as a way for people to pay you, if you can, whenever the situation comes up. Ask everyone if they accept Bitcoin every time you make a purchase, and find all resources available where you can use Bitcoin. 
Support and make use of all institutions that offer Bitcoin as a method of payment, and use those as frequently as possible. 
@_date: 2016-09-22 13:09:24
Like I said earlier...
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:30:37


Ya, well a smart person that doesn't just say "SHILL!" Like a conspiracy nutcase, would simply ask the question; "Why do you think that?" Which would then put me in a position where I either need to support my argument with some sound reasoning, or just spew some bullshit. 
That's a great way to learn, too, if you're not just some conspiracy theory zombie that only listens to the propaganda that agrees with your narrative. 
But that's not how you operate. 
So, just because you don't *know* any of my supportive arguments, that doesn't mean I don't *have* any. Right? You actually have no idea why I think like I do, but I hit the nail right on the head for why *you* do, right? I've seen your bullshit videos that tarnish your mind. 


Too late for that now. Now I already don't give a shit about you. Now we are in conflict, so sharing of information for a "good conversation" is out of the question. Maybe you shouldn't be so quick to call people shills, and just actually discuss the topic at hand, if that's what you want. 


Ya, that's what I do, I just don't understand anything, and just try to find some authority in which to put my faith, and then I just believe whatever bullshit they say. No, wait, that's what *you* do. I'm not like you. 


No. It was good advice for *you* because you don't take the time to understand things, and really have a strong structure of understanding and reasoning that supports your arguments. You just have a source of authority that gives you bullshit fallacy arguments, and you buy it all, because you can't tell the difference between sound reasoning, good logic, and fallacy. 
So, for *you*, you should just have a complete lack of confidence in your own opinion. 
Mine is very well structured with solid understanding, and whenever I find someone with a different point of view I haven't already explored and completely understood, I explore it.  I know what the gold standard is. I know why you support it. I know why you don't support central banks. It's stupid. If there was any truth to it, the whole world would just be in constant super inflation, and everything would crash. Your currency doesn't need inherent value. In fact, nothing fundamentally, has inherent value that cannot be taken away. Almost nothing, anyway. Food, Water, air, and in some climates heating or what have you. The basic needs for survival. 
Gold is just pretty good, because humans are idiots and like shiny things and it never oxidizes or goes bad. So it makes for a kind of good currency. It has other useful properties, just like a lot of materials do. But it's heavy, and at the end of the day, it's inherent value is completely irrelevant. You could have ones and zeros on computer software as your currency, as long as you devised some way so that it couldn't easily be tampered with. And that doesn't weigh anything. But it has its own difficulties. 
One thing it doesn't have is a central bank to help control a state's economy. 
But you can think whatever you want. I'm out of this conversation. You are not worth any more of my time. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:15:22
It's a little useful for such a niche application. 
It's huge problems are the forks, the increasing blocksize forever, it's so easy to lose it forever, it's difficult to use. It isn't very secure unless you get a bachelor's in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:41:28
It can't work that way. The petro needs to be set by supply and demand I think. Not how much oil they have. So it will get its value because he will only sell his oil with his petro. That gives it demand as people need to buy copious amounts of it in order to purchase his oil. 
So, his petro, if all he does is keep it at a fixed and large enough quantity, and only uses it to sell oil like that, should have a pretty stable value, as long as his exports remain stable. 
But, I do believe he also uses that currency in transactions among the more elite population of his country. 
He wants to peg the bolivar to that, so that nothing that happens in venezuela will cause the savage inflation. Venezuela already can't really trade their currency with anyone. So he will allow trade to the petro maybe? at a fixed rate?
I'm not sure exactly what's happening. You can't really just say "Ok, my money is now worth whatever I say." You would need some sort of mechanism I think to keep it pegged. 
My knowledge is not so great in this area, so I don't know exactly how he plans to peg it, and whether or not that will work. 
But if someone else knows, please tell me. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 16:49:54


Moot point. It's happening now, Maduro is in charge.


That's fucking bullshit. Maduro is responsible for a bunch of crap, and is involved in a bunch of shit, and could easily turn the country into a democracy, and stuff like that. 
I get it that the problems now are difficult to overcome, but he is definitely a root cause. He may not have been the original cause of  everything turning to shit, but he is definitely a big part of the problem now. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:15:58
I think that who has power, how power is delivered, how absolute it is, what safeguards are in place against corruption, and how officials are elected are of the utmost importance. 
I have watched capitlaism fail throughout history just as well as I've watched communism fail. I have seen dictatorships for both.
Those other things I mentioned are key. If you don't have those, then capitalism or communism are both bad.
The best form of government I have seen, the best fundamental principle, imo, has been the model of Ancient China. Obviously, it had its problems that would need to be addressed as well. 
No government has ever had full control over its economy lol. That would be really fun if you could do that though.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:04:48
That's not useful.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:04:31
Lol I'll go wherever I want. Some fucking people are so stupid that they think everyone that has a different opinion than the one they have is a troll. These people never learn from anybody, because all they know how to do is have an opinion and fight against people that hold different ones, instead of learn from them.
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:16:33
I read yours. It's way more annoying and low effort, and doesn't even contribute anything at all to the conversation.
This comment also allowed me to identify that you're not the type of person I wish to interact with. So I won't. 
@_date: 2018-07-28 05:36:30
I don't give a shit what you think. I have my opinion. I know why I have my opinion. I stand by my opinion. I don't find your opinion has any worth. I don't feel like arguing around in circles with you. Idk why you think your opinion matters to me, or like your some kind of judge that can certify my opinion. 
If what I said isn't enough for you. I don't care. Your knowledge is your business. You can go learn that independently, or think differently, or whatever. I don't care. I don't care about you or what you think.
@_date: 2018-07-27 15:05:26
They are both complex. It's not simple like you make it out to be. You could argue that capitalism is much simpler because free market does a lot of the leg work.
But that's neither here nor there.
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:18:26
I will not discuss it with you because I don't like you. I won't see any other comments you make. 
@_date: 2018-07-28 11:07:18
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:48:04
No. I think they are supposed to.have their own currency. He is legging the bolivar to the Petro, and will only use the Petro to sell their oil.
I'm not exactly sure why he thinks that's going to solve things. It seems really strange to me. 
Like he wants to use the Petro to keep it strong from his economy selling oil, and probably drugs and whatever else this crook wants to do for money, and then maybe print bolivars and give it to the people?
Idk he wants to stabilize the currency by legging it to the Petro. Not giving the Petro to people is the main thing. 
I'm not sure how he will let it to the Petro and how likely that will be to work. I will need to research more on that.
@_date: 2018-07-07 17:18:34


*This* sounds crazy to me. 
Not in the sense that you should have done that a long time ago and everyone is doing that, but the idea that it would be unusual and foreign for someone to spend a currency, is just odd.
It's like saying "Guys, I know this sounds crazy, but I actually DROVE my car." 
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:11:30
It's not about me, it's about the majority of people.
@_date: 2018-07-01 15:37:54
I think somebody in a Bitcoin forum should very well know that the inherent value of a currency is meaningless. 
Gold might always have value as a resource, but so what? That just means that at the end of the day, it can't ever be worth less than the weight of gold, in so far as gold is a useful commodity.
If the entire economy crashed so that almost everyone was starving and dying of thirst, gold would lose its value pretty quick.
Gold standard is stupid. The good invention is central banks.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:15:25
Good argument. You should listen to other people instead of yourself. You'll be right more often.
@_date: 2018-07-27 19:06:03
Who gives a shit about business?
@_date: 2018-07-27 23:10:56
I think he can just create as much coin as he wants. So he makes an amount. People have to buy it to get his oil, they do, they sell it back to him, and he has it again to sell for more oil.
@_date: 2018-07-07 18:15:21
Ya, but I think it's telling about a common view people have of Bitcoin. Like it is just some stocks you hold onto hoping that it grows in value. 
It was WAY inflated because of mostly that, and people sold it, and got paid. 
There is still significant value in it from people just holding onto it hoping it will increase in value. 
A lot of the demand is from only that. People aren't wanting it because it's useful as currency. 
It's like they are buying cars hoping they appreciate in value as collectors items rather than to use as a car. Which for cars, can make some sense. 
But all Bitcoin is is currency, and all currency is really good for, is exchanging for goods and services. You could use it as a store of value also, granted, and it could be good for that, but it has been pretty volatile so far.
People are only going to want it when buying things is with it absolutely not crazy to anyone.
@_date: 2018-07-07 18:10:20
I would trust as far as the strength of the reasoning that dictates I should trust is. 
Bitcoin is not oil. 
I don't trust Bitcoin much at all, really. It has a lot of problems it needs to have solved, and there's not much of an upside to it. 
It doesn't really do anything that fiat can't do. It doesn't really solve a need people have. 
Oil can be used to make plastics, which have many useful properties for a number of applications, and it can be used as a lubricant, for industrial machinery made out of metal, and it can be used to run internal combustion engines that could drive horseless carriages. 
So, oil is a smart thing to hold onto. 
Bitcoin? Idk. It doesn't really do anything other that hopefully make the people that have some rich, if everyone starts using it. 
It's not very practical, it has lots of problems. Can easily be lost. It's really complicated. 
Even the end game, if everything was solved about it, what's better?
You can send somebody money via a QR code. Well, it's already pretty easy to send people money via digital transactions. 
So, to answer your question, I would definitely trust MY vision and knowledge. But Idk if I'd trust yours. 
@_date: 2018-07-08 01:13:46
Lol "I know you are but what am I". 
If Bitcoin is worthless, and people get others to invest because it has promise of making you rich, and people start buying into that idea, and early adopters get filthy rich, and so more people bandwagon on, until eventually the bubble bursts. That's a a lot like a pyramid scheme. 
Centralized banking doesn't have much risk of fucking up in and of itself, because it targets a given inflation rate. 
What it does is it mitigates the changes in the national currency's value, so that if the economy is booming more loans are made to try and stimulate further, because it can. 
This is a good thing. 
If everyone used Bitcoin, countries couldn't really do that. 
If you have a fixed amount of money, then to borrow some, to create new value, a new company, you need to find someone willing to lend you some of their money, of which there are limited amounts. So this would have to be people holding large sums of Bitcoin sitting there doing nothing. It's not like a bank. Banks only have limited reserves, and they loan new money. So if there is one house in the world. And a house costs 1000$ You can borrow 1000$ build another house and now there are 2 houses and 2000$. So 1$ is worth the same. 
If you do that with Bitcoin. You need to find the guy that actually has the 1000btc and then borrow it, and then build a new house, and then you still only have 1000btc. But 2 houses, so BTC has essentially doubled in value. 
This is great for everyone that has a lot of money, and shit for everyone else. 
On a personal level and a national one. If all the world used BTC, and a country wanted to borrow money to invest in its infrastructure, it would need to ask the people that have copious amounts of BTC sitting there doing nothing. If they wanted to build a new Hyperloop system, which costs a huge amount of money, they'd have to actually find enough people that have that amount of money so they could lend it. If you can't, idk what you'd do. 
With fiat, it's cool, you can always just create money so you can borrow it, no problem.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:16:25
I don't see much  need for that. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:05:36
Lightning network is not enough.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:19:23
I don't care if governments can print more. I think that's a good feature. 
@_date: 2018-07-09 14:49:56
Forks are fine if all you're doing is holding. If you are receiving payment, you could be losing money. 
It's really easy to lose all your money.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:23:23
Well the fact that you can lose it so easily is a big one. The fact that the transaction history will continue to grow and grow and grow is definitely a big one. The fact that it's so difficult to use. Security is a really big factor. 
It's just not very practical, and as people use it more and more, the transaction history will grow at tremendous logarithmic rates. It will take like a year to pass a transaction. 
It keeps having problems and discussions about forks, then you fork and now you have two currencies people are fighting over which one is the right one, and you don't know which one to choose. Idk it just doesn't seem practical, and the benefits are not that great. 
@_date: 2018-07-28 01:24:02
Do I? Well your reading comprehension sucks then.
I have not condone anything any communist state has ever done. 
Do you condone every war and atrocity every capitalist state has committed because you support capitalism?
What a stupid thing to say.
@_date: 2018-07-27 15:26:26
LOL. Well that settles that then, haha. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 16:07:09
Ok, well it may not be ONLY him, but the government itself, the specific government is what's fucked. Not "socialism". I mean, going full socialist is not recommend either, but it's the government, the people there and the choices they make that's fucked. 
They may have made stupid socialist choices, but if you want to hate something, don't hate the general "sopcialism" that's absolving the government of blame. It's the government's fault. This specific government, and maybe the one before it, but that's irrelevant. It's the government that's fucked. It's Maduro that's the problem. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 17:32:25
You think whatever you want. What you're saying doesn't even make sense. 
Who would pay to talk to *you* first of all. Nobody cares about you. Secondly, who the hell you think would pay someone to promote central banks in general lol. 
People that can think like that, think all illuminati and like all rich people go to some kind of meetings and figure out how to screw everyone else or something lol. 
It's all the same. People that think like that like gold standard, they often like trump, they believe in all this conspiracy crap, watch bullshit YouTube videos. 
*Those* people spend their efforts convince a large portion of people to think what they want. 
Nobody's going to pay me to talk to a nobody like you that's so hooked on their bullshit conspiracy propaganda.
It's just a ridiculous thing to think.
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:21:22
Ya, a self fulfilling prophecy, but if that's all there is providing momentum, the value will be limited. Kind of like a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2018-07-07 18:51:28
What do you mean?
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:18:58
It doesn't really provide me with much of anything I feel I need or want. A few small advantages. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:22:43
I'd say the dark ages is a good one, and every single dirt poor capitalist country in existence right now.
China was really well off in ancient times, and granted, it has major capitalistic tendencies now, it's still technically communist.
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:43:02
Ya this guy is totally fucked. Venezuelans appear to me to.blame it more on "socialsim" than maduro as well. 
I see them complain a LOT about socialism. But you rarely hear them vent about maduro specifically.
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:38:33
Gold can be used as a store of value, sure. 
But it is similar in that it only really has specialized uses.
Bitcoin will only explode into mainstream if it has usefulness to the common person.
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:30:53


It's not democracy vs communism, it's capitalism vs communism. Capitliasm can be a dictatorship or anything else, communism can be a democracy or anything else. 


They don't Capitalism is corruption inherently. It is legal corruption, where some limits on what forms of corruption are legal are placed.
Communsim has often led to corrupt governments, but the way the government is organized and elected, is nothing to do with communism. 
Corruption in communism though, goes against the ideology it is modeled after. Corruption in capitalism is the mechanism by which the system runs. 
The precise details of the government, how it is organized and how it is elected is very important. You can have all forms in each, communism or capitalism, and all levels of corruption in each. They are separate things. 
communism vs capitalism, is how the wealth is distributed, who owns the means of production, and the motivation behind production and distribution of goods and services. 
@_date: 2018-07-08 14:44:56


A home is a store of value. Gold. Cows, pigs, sheep, grain, a sword. Basically any object that has a reasonable shelf life, is a store of value.


Bullshit. if a caveman made the best stone for bashing, or the best club or the best spear, that's a store of value for the labour that went into it, and you could trade that for something else, too. 
You seem to think that bartering was never a thing. Idk what you think tbh.


LOL. Where the fuck do you think you are? Bictoin has *no value*. It's nothing. It's not even an object. 
The only reason it has any value, is that people have agreed "We will use this as a counter of exchange, a currency." So, it is a currency. It doesn't need any value other than that. 
The reason people have agreed to that with Bitcoin, is that it has a way to be spent and received. And nobody can just decide to make themselves a million BTC and become rich like that. If they could do that, then it could never have any worth. 
It's worth is based on how much people want it, and how much people want it, depends on how useful it is, and how stable it is, or how much it's growing or whatever. 
It's value as anything else other than currency is irrelevant. 
The fact that gold has properties that make it useful for things other than currency, is irrelevant. If just means the price can never drop below that. 
You bought gold, and you aren't using it for anything. It's worth to you is a store of value, and you hope it appreciates. Whatever other more basic value people might think it has is not even a factor. That would be worth MUCH less than what you paid for it. 
There are very few things that have absolute inherent value to people, and gold isn't one of them.
Food, air, water, and possibly living conditions/heating/shelter whatever you need to keep you alive has inherent value. 
Gold is just a shiny piece of material. It has no fundamental worth. People have always wanted it, because it never tarnishes, and has a nice shine. It's a cool base material, and it isn't very common, so that gives it some worth. But if all the world is starving, and air is in short supply, and water is rare, nobody will give a shit about gold. 
Everybody that thinks the gold standard is good, has been watching too many conspiracy propaganda videos that were probably made by people that have a lot of gold.
@_date: 2019-09-03 17:19:53
The Chinese government indirectly owns all the infrastructure all internet and mobile traffic uses in China.
@_date: 2018-07-28 02:01:46
All that bullshit is the same. I know what socialism is. I am a smart person.
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:12:47
So far, it appears to be useful for certain illicit activities, and as an investment, hoping it will increase in value. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:15:49
I neither love nor hate Bitcoin. I do what's called observing objectively, and studying objectively. That way I actually learn things, instead just following bullshit propaganda designed for idiots. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 19:00:58
I do not foresee a solution for many of the problems at this point. But that's not the worst part. I don't see a great benefit once they are solved. If they were all solved, Bitcoin might takeoff, because it does offer small extra conveniences.
But that's a lot of tough problems to solve. 
@_date: 2018-07-04 03:54:38
Not all opinions are equal. Some are greater than others based on the reasoning that supports them. 
Bitcoin has no inherent value, no mass. It can't be mined for potentially forever, like gold can. 
What if they discover a bunch of asteroids packed with gold?
And it's SpaceX that finds it spacex could single handedly fuck the world's economy depending on what they decide to do with the gold.
Do you still consider it decentralized at that point?
Gold standard is stupid.
@_date: 2018-07-01 18:54:23
Propaganda is definitely real, but you're a crazy person.
@_date: 2018-07-08 16:22:47
Because if you want to suddenly decide that you want to build a space program that will get into space to mine billion dollar asteroids,  you don't need to find a guy with a half a billion dollars to loan you the money. You just make the half a billion out of thin air, and then when the opreation is complete and you returned the investment, the dollar is at the same value, so your exports and imports aren't affected, but you know have a billion dollar industry giving you GDP, also.
If you use gold, I would need to find a guy with a half billion dollars worth of gold, or mine a half billion dollars worth of gold, or that investment can't happen.
The central bank controls inflation and keeps it a constant desirable rate, regardless of what the economy is doing. This way imports and exports can remain constant, and the country can loan and invest in new business endeavours which may make the country more wealthy, without altering imports and exports.
If too many investments fail, or if the economy is not doing so well that it can create new money without creating undesirable inflation, it hits the brakes, the dollar stays constant, and investments slow for a bit, until the economy might pickup again, and then investments can flow in more, as the country tries to create new great industries to create jobs, and GDP. 
It's valuable. 
The crackpot conspiracy people think "OMG they are *creating inflation* That's bad! They are just giving money to their rich friends!" In some cases like in Venezuela, they can be irresponsible, and that can be bad for sure. 
But by and large, it's banks that make loans that creates new money, and loans are made to people that are likely to pay them back. Which makes sense. Which means usually not to poor people. 
If too many loans default, then you get a crash like in 08. So, yes, you usually give your loans to business men with proven records. But, as the interest rates drop, as the country has a better economy and the bank wants to invest more in it, then more people are approved for loans. Higher risk people. 
It's all sensible. It's not tin foil hat lunatic bullshit. There is a lot of propaganda floating around that idiots are eating up.
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:25:44
I didn't twist it into anything. We need monopoly to prevent autodestruct, and it consumes at an unchecked rate, which means at some point, everything will deplete.
@_date: 2015-09-06 00:00:44


They aren't they are just following an algorithm.


Who is doing the planning matters. 


They don't. They just understand economics, which you clearly don't, and they just do what the math says. 
I don't see why you think you know better, when you must have little to no education in economics. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 19:11:57
Yes. I am.
Capitalism has never worked and never will either. It will work for a while and crash. 
It is impossible to sustain accelerated growth forever. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 16:04:49
Well that's great. But it's still socialist, and it's still very good for their current situation.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:15:31


Nobody's is.


If Bitcoin starts to be used ubiquitously to circumvent local tax laws, you can bet your ass they will do something about it. 


Ya, but they save all the time they'd need to spend getting their bachelor's degree so they knew how to use it. 
You can send money via paypal and stuff also. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 00:08:09


They are. Their decisions are based on the economy and what people are doing, but they affect what people do. They decide whether people save or spend. Whether people invest and try new ideas, and start new corporations or don't. 
It is a good system, in teh context of capitalism. 
The reason that collective wisdom is a term I don't like, is because the collective is not wise. Most people hear about printing money and creating inflation and they go all up in arms because they don't understand anything. I wouldn't trust average people to decide fucking anything. Nobody knows what they are doing. people know their job and that's basically it. A lot of people are even useless at their job, and that's all they have to do. And then you want to put the future of humanity in their hands, and let profit steer us, when profit is just going to convince all the stupid people of whatever profit wants, and then you have the wealthy being wealthy, enjoying the joy ride, and the world gets fucked. 
Good plan. 
@_date: 2018-07-08 00:37:17
I disagree. Currency is useful because it's a universal form of exchange. A store of value like that was always capable well before currency ever existed.
@_date: 2018-07-04 00:44:13
What are you talking about? Bitcoin is nothing like the gold standard lol.
Granted, there is not going to be more coins mined after a while, which is *kind of* similar. But there was always more gold you could mine. 
Imagine no country could make new money, but if a country finds a new gold deposit then THAT country gets *all* the new money, and all the others get more poor. 
People who like gold standard are lost. They are just scared about the ability to make new money, because if a retard is in charge, Venezuela can happen, but barring that, being able to create money is a good feature.
@_date: 2018-07-01 16:45:21
You just triggered my "tin foil hat alert."
I'm just kidding that was triggered a while back.
@_date: 2015-09-06 13:41:16


Logic. The facts of reality. It's not just a whismical thing. It's an inescapable fact based on how shit works. 
You just don't know that, because you have no idea what you're talking about. 


There are a number of concepts in economics which are very well understood. There are a number that I understand clearly. 
If you want to learn about it, then go fucking learn about. You're just an idiot if you trash talk something you know literally nothing about. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 19:15:50
Well what makes people happy, generally speaking is having all their basic needs met. 
The people alive today with the technologies we have today, are not overall happier than pre-history. 
We don't get happier as technology develops. Stuff doesn't really make us much happier. 
What makes life hard is struggles, hardships, and things like that. We work 9-5 most our lives so that we can essentially mostly afford the things that enable us to be workers. Most of us. 
Others buy things that get old and they just want more, and then that gets old. 
What it is doesn't matter. 
We will destroy the planet this way. 
It's not very enlightened behaviour. The rate of acceleration of technological discovery is not conducive to happiness. Other factors of well being are. 
It's not just socialism, but a complete reorganization of society's structure in order to allow the smartest people to put all their efforts into managing the well being of the world that we need. 
@_date: 2018-07-28 04:22:52
Well, I never even mentioned 


Because it's irrelevant.
What matters is what the result of the system will be. I did explain it. If that's not good enough for you, I don't care. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 19:09:08


LOL hahaha. No, it's the things he is doing that's the problem. Not that he is Maduro. 
If Obama was doing the things Hitler did, that would still be bad. 


The right people in charge, make the right decisions to bring the entity they are in charge of to the best place it can possibly go. 
Maduro is not doing that. The country is getting worse. 
Free education is good, because otherwise nobody in venezuela will have any education, so then where are you going to get your work force? Who is going to build your bridges etcetera?
You will have to hire outside help, and you will have no industry, other than just your unskilled labour and raw materials. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:06:33
Ya, not really all that useful. A little useful. Like I said Bitcoin has some small advantages that would make it useful if all the huge problems were fixed. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:27:44
Those are not game changers. That's how money is made. That's how economies grow. It's a good and useful part of the economy. 
It does create inflation, but a certain rate of inflation is good in that context. 
Central banks regulate the inflation rate by setting interest rates, which regulates how many loans go out, and consequently how much new money is made. 
These are not conspiracies. They are good things. They are the way your economy works. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 19:19:52


Dark ages weren't rome was. Dark ages didn't crash. They were the result of the crash. Because once the growth stops, shit hits the fan. 
The earth is much bigger than rome, but it is finite nonetheless. 


Yes, Hong Kong was british. And why was that? The opium wars never caused anyone to suffer, I'm sure, right?
You are confusing suffering with less technology as well. You are also comparing Hong Kong under imperial control of a booming and growing UK that was enslaving the world for profit, capitalism, whereas China was recovering from the disaster that the emperess dowager and the clash with the british empire caused. Plus the boxer uprising and all that. 
I mean, you're way over simplifying things. 
Before Cixi, the Chinese empire was doing well, and their system of government was very strong. 
Capitalism has failed in rwanda, in haiti, in rome, and it will fail the world over, because it consumes and requires accelerated consumption. People think it's good because the economy grows, and people get more stuff, and technology advances quickly. And they use that as a metric for good. But that can't last forever, it's really a shallow form of good. That has many costs for many people. But some people enjoy luxurious lives, and they don't care, and they have the power to keep it that way. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:02:00
Fiat is pretty new in general, and even when they used gold and silver back in the day, there was still inflation. They used a lot of old things for a long time before something better came along. 
The gold standard is stupid, imo. That's conspiracy type stuff. And I know there are some of those people floating around in Bitcoin. A lot of those people like watching pro Trump propaganda, also. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 20:29:49
Because it is not wisdom of any collective. It is its own evolution. 
Also, collective people might agree overall, but it won't be wisdom. Wisdom is what the few wise people think. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 01:07:24
Nice logic. Every other wealthy country has a national bank. 
Maybe Venezuela is screwed because of something else, like idk, maduro.
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:47:58
Socialism is a complex thing. It could be good and it could be bad. Just like capitalism could be good and could be bad. 
And every country on earth does some things according to capitalism and some things according to socialism. 
A pure capitalism would auto-destruct. 
So, sure, obviously maduro implemented some socialist policies which fucked the country. Maduro fucked the country. Policies are not strictly good because they are socialist or because they are capitalist. 
If socialism was a utopia, and if all the world was socialist 100% and that made the world a wonderful and beautiful place to live in, that STILL wouldn't mean that any socialist policy implemented today would be a good thing. 
The world is a certain way and works a certain way, and whatever policies you implement have repercussions. Some socialist policies carry positive repercussions, and some negative, and same for capitalism.
What's fucked in Venezuela, is Maduro, and the choices he made. Maybe those were socialist choices predominantly, but that doesn't mean socialism is bad in general. That means that the socialist policies he implemented were fucking stupid to implement. Or maybe other things he did that weren't socialist were the worst. 
Probably some socialist things he started doing actually kind of helped. Like free school for one thing, is definitely positive for their economy, no question. That's socialist. 
It's Maduro that's the problem. "Solicalism" is a red herring. It is diverted the peoples' anger to something that doesn't even really exist. and idea, a philosophy. And taking that away from the real problem. Maduro.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:04:57
Not useful. Fiat could have a fixed supply if we wanted it to. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 16:13:15
The central bank is supposed to try and target the most desirable inflation rate as much as possible, by adjust the interest rates. 
But that can only do so much, for one thing, and if basically a cartel leader takes control of it all, you're probably fucked either way. 
As far as I can tell, the situation in Venezuela right now, is what Colombia might have been like, had Escobar succeeded in becoming the head of state. 
Of course, that doesn't mean the country would need to have so many problems. Russia is controlled by Don Putin. That's the mafia as well. Same deal, he just assassinates people in his way. He is a mob boss running the country. 
Maduro is just also bad at running a country.
@_date: 2015-09-06 23:55:00
No, those are not good examples at all. Although growing is actually good for the economy.
@_date: 2018-07-07 19:01:21
Exactly. So why does anyone need Bitcoin?
But to be fair, you can't lend me 20$ in the street with a credit card. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 23:58:12
The debt your country has is loans it has taken from individuals in other nations, bonds and stuff like that. Creating new money, is done by issuing loans to individuals, which makes it THEIR debt. 
Nobody is being fucked, as long as the central bank does it's job correctly. Recently what fucked shit up was all the bad loans that were made. That's not supposed to happen. So if you want to make your america better, then you should ask for regulation, and leave the fed alone. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:13:57
Bitcoin grew, because people wanted it. The supply isn't even fixed yet. 
People have just as much faith in bitcoin. it has no inherent value, and it's value could drop to zero, as soon as nobody has faith in it anymore. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 22:58:58
There are a lot of cricket fans as well, but I wouldn't say cricket has changed the world. there are even more Katy Perry fans, and she is a big deal, but she didn't really change the world either. Isaac Newton changed the world. The internet changed the world. Computers changed the world. Relativity changed the world. Bitcoin is a small novelty thus far. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 22:28:14
I think it's really Andreas that doesn't understand journalism, in this case. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:18:11
The free market is not collective wisdom. 
Because what you don't want is an economic crash, and you want economic expansion as much as you can have it, in capitalism. 
This means that it is sensible to send out loans to startups etcetera in the hopes of creating more value for your nation, with the trade off of an acceptable inflation rate. 
What you don't want is to lend out, and not be able to pay it back with interest. So, you want to control the "gas pedal" of your economy, flooring it, if you are increasing in value, and slowing it down if you are not.  Keeping inflation at a constant rate, achieves that. 
You also don't want your dollar to go too expensive because other things you might sell may cost too much, and that will cost you jobs if countries decide to import from elsewhere. 
So, by controlling the money supply you can mitigate that effect, and also send out more loans with more opportunities to create more value for exportation, more startups, more innovation etcetera, which will give you more value to lend against, and this way you can grow.
However, if there is not an increase in value, then you need to slow down your lending because you are not in an expansion. 
They probably just use some algorithms to determine it all, which are based on facts and figures from the market place. 
@_date: 2016-05-09 17:53:41
Yes he is. As you print money to pay off your debts, your money devalues, if you do that a lot, the price will plummet faster than you can payoff your debts until your money is basically worthless.
Also, money is not just created and handed out. Money gets created through loans. So banks have a reserve they need to keep, a percentage they need to actually hold onto, as compared to the money they are holding, and the rest they can lend with interest, which is set by the Central Bank, in order to control lending, so it doesn't get out of hand and cause a financial crisis. The central bank, or in the US's case, the federal reserve, makes money for loans, it doesn't gift money away. If you create more wealth then you borrow, enough to pay back the loan and interest, the economy grows. If you default on too many loans it crashes. So the lending and creating money is kind of like a carrot on a stick, leading the economy. But if you lend too much, and there are too many defaults shit hits the fan. So you need to be careful with your accelerator, with how far ahead you put your carrots. Because with the momentum runs out, you collapse.
It's a stupid thing to say, because if it were true, then the government should just print everyone a million dollars and they could all be rich. And there would be no need for taxes, because the government could just pay all government workers etcetera with new money they fabricate from thin air. 
It just doesn't work that way. It's a stupid thing to say, and anyone that follows it are even more stupid, because I'm sure trump knows exactly how dubious a statement it is.
@_date: 2015-03-28 03:58:59
Ya, that's what you want. You also want to put everything else in the hands of tribal members that are trained at knowing what's best. Ideally much smarter ones than you. It's just that democracy is a poor way of doing that, because lots of idiots in the world exist. 
I mean, some people think that creating money with lending is a bad thing simply because it causes inflation. Good grief. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:34:11
Ya, of course. It's no secret that they would break the law to suit their ends. There are many examples in history that we know about, and probably a few that we don't. The world is corrupt for sure. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:25:40
I don't see how that could be possible. That would require not having a limited number of Bitcoins. New money is made that way. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:08:53
I did not make any assertion. I declared i had doubts and asked for a source. If you don't want to provide a source that's fine. But I don't understand why you're wasting our time then, in that case.
@_date: 2015-03-07 19:50:36
Ya, for some little things, if they already have food enough, it is possible. Very good. But most things need tools and some sort of investment to get started. The larger the undertaking, the larger is the required investment.
We don't live a couple people in the desert farming our own land, partially because we have banking systems like the aforementioned. 
@_date: 2015-10-25 01:38:39
God I hate corporate scripts.
@_date: 2015-11-06 00:10:26
How do you figure all that?
@_date: 2015-03-07 19:27:45


You're an idiot. Think that through. Even in a simple scenario it's easy to see. You can't dig up large amounts of gold without paying workers and equipment to dig up large amounts of gold. That's why you take out a sensible loan, because the wages and equipment etcetera will cost less plus interest, than the profit you will make. 
if you don't have surplus money to borrow, you can't buy the equipment you need, nor pay the wages you need to pay, in order to unlock the new value. 
You unlock more value than you put into it. You don't start with the value already. That's impossible. Value comes from work you put into something. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 23:17:43
Yes it could. We could make the supply fixed. You are not very knowledgeable. 
@_date: 2015-03-29 15:54:16
Why am I not surprised?
@_date: 2016-05-10 14:07:06
They don't just do whatever they want willy nilly. The interest rate is set according to the rate of inflation because a given rate of inflation is ideal. 
If you lend way too much money, the inflation rate will skyrocket.
@_date: 2015-03-08 10:33:19
You implied it, certainly. If you didn't mean to, then you should be more careful if you want to be properly understood. 
It will be interesting to see what anything is like in 10 years.
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:35:40
I think you are not familiar with history. History is full of greedy men taking power. Not wise men that have been ordained it.
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:30:32
You're wrong. I haven't been reading Keynes or listening to anybody. It's just obviously the way economics work. That's how it works.
Read my post again. You can't see past inflation. The creation of money in and of itself causes inflation. Nobody argues that. It's how the money is spent that makes the difference. It can be spent on liabilities or investments that increase the value of the nation and its dollar. It's not even that complicated.
@_date: 2015-03-20 05:06:24
To me, this is the single real usability advantage bitcoin has over anything else right now for the average sort of person. All you need to do is present a key, or QR code, and someone can tip you. There is not ding, or count on your website, which I guess is what you want, but not having to go through all that is kind of the advantage of bitcoin. 
Which really is only useful for tipping, because a transaction requires confirmation and transfer of goods or services. Tipping can just be sent, and that's it. 
For most other things, it seems better to me for the average person to use something like PayPal in whatever currency.
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:52:19
First of all, I didn't say I haven't studied economics. Second of all a lot of people that have studied economics are still clueless and you're a perfect example.
@_date: 2015-03-28 17:31:59
It is possible. The american government is powerful, and has powerful friends, and so do many other governments, which would all be facing the same threat. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 14:05:53
I'll need a source on that. Would you loan the US money in us currency if they could just manufacture money worth a fraction of the value and pay it off like that whenever? 
It would still be a stupid thing for them to do, but I'd rather deal in another currency anyway, if it was me.
@_date: 2016-05-10 14:04:03
Yes you do. You create money, and loan it to a company or startup or whatever in order to pay salaries, and create more value than what was borrowed, so you can pay it back with interest. That's how it works. If everyone bought yachts that depreciated, then nobody would be able to pay back their loans, they would default and a crash would occur. 
The central bank sets the interest to motivate or deter new lending, IE creation of new money, according to the desired inflation rate. The inflation rate is essentially the rate of failure to create value equal or greater to the money lent out. So the government is essentially just loaning out on Gamble's so a few pay off and justify all the others. For example, if you lend out and the result is a startup called Google, then you hit it big, and that huge increase in value is more value to work with to lend out, so you keep inflation at an ideal level. A sustainable level which lets you loan out money to try and grow your economy. 
If your loans are not working out, or some other thing influences your economy, you slow down and increase the interest rate so that fewer people borrow and only those confident in turning the loan into a greater profit do. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 23:40:22
No thanks, but if you actually are a gentleman, you will just provide the evidence, so I don't have to trust a random person on the internet, or make a bet to actually find out.
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:20:42
If you don't want to provide a source, then don't.
@_date: 2016-05-10 14:07:26
You might even say it will be huge.
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:28:00
I don't even know how I'd go about doing that.
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:50:45
Ya, OK if the US owes itself a trillion dollars. But that's not really helping anything. It's essentially just filing for bankruptcy, in a way, domestically speaking. But that's not in any way helpful to anyone. It's just saying, that if the states are screwed enough, and they owe you American dollars, they will pay you a fraction of what you're owed, in terms of value.
You could say the US didn't default on those loans, but economically speaking they actually did. It's just on paper it looks as though they paid their loans. Those in American dollars only.
@_date: 2016-05-10 16:41:24
There have been idiots for much longer. Serious idiots.
@_date: 2016-05-10 15:19:45
What you've just described is inflation. That's the leeching of money, and there is a specific percentage which is desirable, because it doesn't leech too badly and allows lending to create new value. 
The people that take loans have to pay it back with interest. Which means if you just buy some object that depreciates, you'll be in some trouble, because you'll need to pay it back with interest, and it cost you money.
But if you borrow it for enterprise, and you grow the economy that can mitigate the inflation, and even reverse it. If someone borrows a hundred thousand dollars which devalues the dollar 1% and then grows a large corporation which increases exports and demand for the American dollar, then it could increase the dollar's value by 10%. 
It can also do stuff like creating jobs. You need to think in terms of value. 
The US has a value, and has a dollar value assigned to that. If you increase the real value of the US, then each dollar becomes worth more. If you decrease the whole value, then the dollar drops. When you create new money, the value is stagnant, and the money supply is increased, so the dollar drops. But the idea, is that enough quantity of those loans will go into investments which will mitigate the inflation, by increase the real value of the US to match the new money created. 
But the aim is not to mitigate it completely, but to keep it at an acceptable rate of inflation, so that they can keep rolling the dice on loans, and hopefully one of those loans will go and create a new Apple computers, or Google, and if that happens the value of the US will greatly increase, which would make the dollar much stronger and that would hurt exports, so they will be able to mitigate that again, by lending and creating inflation to keep the rate at a small stable increase.
That way the economy continues to grow. 
If loans default on a mass scale, like what happened, then shit hits the fan. So the central bank needs to control the interest rate to control lending and creating new money and the inflation rate. 
The central bank is on the throttle, and they want to keep the velocity constant, so they need to check whether they are going uphill or downhill or what, and how much gas they should give it at that constant rate. 
If all that wasn't happening, and they were just lending willy nilly, their economy would have crashed a long time ago. 
They are continuously making new money. Banks only need to keep a reserve of like 4% or something.
@_date: 2016-05-10 13:57:32
Whoever was talking about that was an idiot.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:24:39
No crypto currency can exist if there is a known risk that its value can instantly become zero. Dependability is an important aspect. That's why the bitcoin system is important. The technology for crypto currency has existed for a long time, but it is the infrastructure that gives it integrity that has allowed it to possess value. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:23:39
The fiscal policy works with loans and banking. The creation of new money. Federal Reserve in the US. National Banks.
@_date: 2015-03-28 04:46:43
Lol. Have you ever worked in any company, or been in any government office of any kind? There's no chance tehy are that organized. The guy that looked in it, probably had no fucking idea what mycellium is, didn't recognize the logo, and had to look in it to see. They don't give a shit about bitcoin. 
If bitcoin was seen as a threat to anyone in washington, then it would be swiftly quashed. There wouldn't be bitcoin. 
If bitcoin was the risk people here seem to think it is, on that scale, then that's a big deal, and those that would stand to lose so much money and power from it would have gone to great lengths to get rid of it already. It would be gone by now. 
But nobody cares, because it's not *that* important. 
It might get more popular, but it's not a threat to a nation's control over it's economy. It's not some solution to collusion of national banks making free money and sharing it with their friends. 
If it was, then it would have been destroyed already. It would have been declared illegal as well, step one. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:57:06
Of course, but that is necessary. There is x value in the world. You want to create x+something awesome. But you require investment to pay for creating it in the first place. So, you borrow y from the bank, which is y*0.9 created money. You must repay y plus interest. If you succeed in doing that, and then make further profit, then you have created more value than what you borrowed. An economy can grow this way. If you borrow y from the bank to buy a boat that depreciates, you will not be able to pay the loan back, and it will default. 
That's how you want the economy to work. You create new money in order to create more value in the economy. This might not always work perfectly, so there is a bit of inflation, but as long as you are stronger in the international market, that's ok.
If the federal/national bank makes bad loans or overlends, then there is a problem. Not all loans will create much extra value. But you could easily invest in 1000 failures plus, if you hit one Google within that. So, the bank assesses whether it wants to be in expansion or not. If it wants people to take out loans or not, by setting the interest rate.
If you take out a loan to open a restaurant or a shop, it will largely be successful based on the state of the economy at the time, so the bank will estimate whether or not it believes business should be in expansion or not. 
In some cases inflation can be worth saving a company from the negative snowball effect of its failure, like the GM bailout in the US.
What is stupid is what people to with the money. Rich execs take it, and store in offshore accounts, or people take out loans to buy TVs and stupid shit like that.
@_date: 2016-05-10 18:56:49
"It's common knowledge" does not constitute evidence to me.
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:51:22
People like you irritate me. Someone then mentioned that it was all denominated in US currency, and then I asked for a source because that seemed odd to me, and then you showed up with your holier than thou attitude.
Creating new money creates inflation. Obviously. But that new money is spent somewhere, and that somewhere can create more value than what was created which will mitigate that. 
It's not even complicated. I don't know why you still don't understand that. But either way, I really don't care about you, nor people like you, so I have now blocked you, and will no longer read anything you write.
@_date: 2016-05-10 23:33:25
You have no idea what you're talking about. Idk what you think productivity means, but it doesn't mean that.
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:07:33
Ya, but if the premise is that people are literally creating money out of thin air for their own personal profit, then protecting that would justify a huge investment, because the return would be virtually limitless. 
There is always the possibility that this is the plan, but it would be preferred not to spend a dime unless it becomes necessary, but idk. I don't imagine it would be that expensive. All you have to do is ruin its value, and destroy the dependability of it. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 13:55:04
I doubt that. You'd have to show me the source on that one.
@_date: 2017-07-16 15:42:47
All of these things are really funny to me. So many people talk about Bitcoin as decentralized etcetera, but decisions are being made about it, and people are fighting over it, and it's just a currency. 
Fiat doesn't have these problems.
Bring on the downvotes lol.
@_date: 2015-03-28 00:25:56
Governments also don't like to spend money on minting and printing and designing money, so that it is difficult to forge, as well as having it forged, which causes uncontrolled devaluation/inflation. 
What you want, is the national bank to have as much control as possible over inflation, so that it can more accurately control whether the nation's economy should invest for expansion, or play it safe to avoid inflation and recession. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 21:40:34
Right. I mean, if you can just create a billion dollars and split it with your friends every 10 years, and bitcoin threatens that, then 900 million dollars invested in bringing down bitcoin would be a good deal. 
Plus they could just create the 900 mil anyway. Not only that, but a number of nations would be interested in that, if the premise holds true, so they could just meet and find a way to stop bitcoin together. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 20:40:40
First of all, bitcoin has not changed the world. Second of all, yes that is correct, I am on a bitcoin forum, and I know it can never replace fiat. That doesn't mean that I don't find it interesting. 
I'm just not one of the nutters that doesn't understand fiscal policy, and that gets all scared when I hear about inflation and creating money. I am not one of those that wants gold standard or any shit like that either. 
Bitcoin will never takeoff under that premise because only people with poor understanding of economics will think that way. I know there  are a lot of people that want bitcoin because they want a decentralized currency, but Bitcoin will never be used in lieu of fiat, and if it goes mainstream, it will likely be for other reasons, or, a decentralized currency is interesting, and that might be one of its attractive features, but it cannot replace fiat.
Right now, it needs to work the way it does. It's not bad that money is created out of thin air, and it's ok if that causes inflation, to a degree, which is why someone needs to make sure the degree doesn't get out of hand, by setting interest rates.
@_date: 2016-05-20 03:20:07
It's necessary that a lot of people think that way, otherwise nobody would have been able to think that at all.
@_date: 2015-02-09 00:33:11
Oh ok. Well, forget it then.
@_date: 2015-02-18 19:01:41
I don't get it. What exactly is this? Why should I be interested in it? And how is different from whatever else I've seen before? 
@_date: 2015-03-08 09:30:22
LOL if you think Bitcoin will replace fiat in only 10 years you're REALLY off your rocker. Ya, we'll see lol.
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:58:21
Right, but the US debt is first of all NOT denominated in a currency they can print more of, and second of all paying your debt off that way would be basically just as damaging as defaulting on your loans. 
It's kind of semantics at that point. 
It sounds like he is saying the US can just always pay off its debts no problem because it prints American dollars, but that's not true.  Because the US debts are not all in American dollars, and doing that would be a disaster.
I could say that I can stand in front a missile because I have incredible willpower, that would technically be true, but the implication is that I wouldn't be blown to bits, otherwise it wouldn't be much of a statement worth making. The thing is though, I *would* be blown to bits, which is why it was a stupid statement in the first place.
@_date: 2015-02-18 19:51:19
No thank you. 
@_date: 2015-02-08 15:29:55
The dollar will almost always go faster. For the BTC someone that sent through setting up a wallet etc, needs to see it. Literally every human being that walks by could use the dollar.
A lot of people still don't know what a qr code is. Let alone how to use BTC. 
If the BTC went anywhere nearly as quickly as the dollar, then it would be valued a lot higher than it is now. 
@_date: 2018-12-09 16:03:10
It isn't? Wow, I wish I would have known that before I made that comment. This changes everything. 
@_date: 2016-07-25 19:01:15
Gift cards, and casinos are used for money laundering also, and that doesn't mean they are money.
@_date: 2016-07-25 19:00:12
Gold isn't money either, but you could pay someone in gold, or in literally any other good or service. 
Money has a specific definition. So does currency. 
@_date: 2019-05-08 22:25:21
Well, it's funny, but it's not racist.
Accents aren't racist. They are funny. I love hearing people make fun of my accent also. Although, they *can* be racist, when they are intentionally demeaning. 
I actually find a lot of older "white person" imitations that black comics did was really actually racist for example. White people were racist a lot as well, don't get me wrong, but when I look at that shit, they really kind of play black people as cool suave people, and every white person as a spineless geek.
But accents in and of themselves aren't racist. People have accents, and accents are funny. Just like if you do an impression, that's funny. Just because you do an arnold impression or a christopher walken one, that doesn't mean you're making fun at them and belittling them. It's just funny.
@_date: 2016-07-25 20:47:03
As i understand it, money is like legal tender, the notes and coins. Currency is the denominations of value that a country uses, so crypto-currency is a good definition, because it is digital only, and is not affiliated with any specific sovereign state.
Edit: gold is not money, unless it was printed by a state as such. Your bank account technically does not have money in it either. It has a value of currency. I guess the technical term would be holdings. I'm not an economist, but all these words have specific meanings, and I looked some up just now, but im not sure exactly what you call your wealth or assets value in your bank account. But afaict, its not money, and it is represented in a given currency.
@_date: 2016-07-25 23:22:50
Well, a number of them are wrong. It has a specific legal definition. 
@_date: 2018-12-17 18:06:32
Ya, I learned that you don't understand sarcasm.
@_date: 2016-07-25 23:22:20
A judge will look at the legal definition.  What **I** would colloquially say, makes no difference.
@_date: 2018-12-09 16:03:00
It isn't? Wow, I wish I would have known that before I made that comment. This changes everything. 
@_date: 2018-12-08 20:48:15
"I'm not buying a car, I'm selling dollars" -That guy.
@_date: 2017-06-26 17:01:52
"Don't upvote" for me, is always instructions to upvote.
@_date: 2018-12-09 16:03:22
It isn't? Wow, I wish I would have known this before I made that comment. This changes everything. 