@_author: akridiouz
@_date: 2017-02-12 14:35:16
I don't mind paying a higher fee to get transactions processed quicker, at all. 
Just used the multibit standard input for transaction fees, I thought it would be up-to-date.
Thanks for your contribution though.  
@_date: 2017-02-12 14:16:14
I get the message that the transaction does not exist, can't find it on blockchain too.
Any other recommendations?
@_date: 2017-07-29 23:52:21
It's not about the domain, the US actively tries to get a russian company out of bussiness. Seizing the domain, hunting down admins and fining the company into bankrupcy, they want the company gone, and preferably take over their assets.
When you see de-stabilisation and division in influentual companies and countries, look for US involvement.
@_date: 2017-07-28 21:38:01
It's back up, possibly controlled by the FBI now.
btc-e.nz seems like a better alternative for the time being.
@_date: 2017-07-29 06:48:44
I purposely put my trust in this russian company years ago because they were one of the few respectable non-US based players in the game and because of the anonimity of the owners that reduced the chance of US involvement, but again they found a way.
The BTC-e story is not one of laundering, the US doesn't give a crap about money laundering, it's about influence, control, and power over markets.
My trading funds have always been safe with these russians and would still be, if not for the US involvement.
And fining a russian company based in europe into bankrupcy for more then 100m dollars because they don't put up with US KYC regulation is a hostile takedown and absurd. 
I personally think we should block access for US-citizens to certain non-US services to pervent to give the US rights to intrude and hijack. A bitcoin exchange is on that list.
This world is not about the US you know.
@_date: 2017-07-29 07:38:48




I disagree with you, for me the cornerstone of respectability is reliability, and BTC-e has proven itself to be very reliable over the past few years, which was made possible in part **because** of their anonimity.


Or until the US intrudes once again.


I'm talking about BTC-e: 
As I said before it's not about laundering, its about gaining control, power and influence over certain markets. They want to regulate the market most of us chose to invest in because of the freedom and the downsides of regulation on traditional markets.


What has Putin got to do with this?
Anyways perhaps Russia isn't half as bad as you think it is, but that's for you to find out. 
@_date: 2017-07-29 08:23:52


What you don't seem to get is that isn't about concepts and constructs, it's all about reality and how it plays out in the real world.
Good luck friend.
@_date: 2017-07-28 23:27:56
This is the image displayed to US visitors of btc-e, the european (and other) visitors still see the maintainance page, to view this message outside of the US use a US proxy, the seizure of the domain is real.
It would be nice if the US stops intervening and plundering the rest of the world. It's ridicilous that us europeans are possibly getting confiscated / losing our funds  while dealing with russian companies because the US feels entitled to do whatever they want, wherever they want.
Ironically the US is the reason why I chose to trade crypto's at BTC-e in the first place. I still have faith in BTC-e comming back online through this or another domain: 
I personally feel more confident in regaining my bitcoins with the allegated russian launderers than with the US government, what a joke those guys.