@_author: akrumbach
@_date: 2014-08-05 21:32:20


There will always be some spending that cannot be deferred. Food is a prime example; so are monthly bills (phone, electricity, rent/mortgage, etc). Furthermore, even a deferred purchase will at some point become so critical as to be required: if I keep putting off buying a new car, eventually my current one will die. (If I put off essential maintenance too, this process will just happen faster.)
The idea that deflation always causes "runaway savings" is ridiculous. Sure, some sort of "hyper deflation" scenario -- such as what tends to happen with cell phones -- will cause heavily deferred spending, but a gradual 1-2% deflation will put the brakes on the economy to about the same degree as our current 1-2% inflationary regime fosters credit abuse: not to a measurable degree.
@_date: 2014-01-31 11:56:34
Negative rights are typically enforced in the same way that all other disputes are in modern society: legal action. If your rights have been violated by someone you can always [sue them](
), and frequently this is required even for rights the [government formally recognizes](
Since a guarantee is ["an assurance (typically in writing) for the fulfillment of a condition"]( a legal guarantee would be "legal assurance (typically by a government)..." for the same; legal rights have been codified into some body of law (such as the environmental or labor law referenced in the cases above, or in Constitutional frameworks). Rights can exist in absence of this formal guarantee; for instance, no government formally recognizes a "right to food choice", but few people would argue such a right does not currently exist.
If, between these two answers, you can't deduce what rights are backed by, I can't help you any further; only attending law school will give an more detailed (yet accurate) understanding of this topic.
@_date: 2014-07-22 18:58:08
Am I understanding correctly that your argument is merely that because we don't currently have a utopia, we shouldn't try to create one?
Even if the goal is actually unobtainable, simply stating "the world should be more like X" is an important aspect of communicating and judging desired changes. If you are objecting only to the use of "ideal" in describing such a hypothetical goal state, what alternate term do you suggest?
@_date: 2014-10-12 10:40:20
Raising the minimum wage will not, *by itself*, close the earnings gap. When minimum wages are raised, there are three options that the business owners have to eat this further cost: (A) raise prices, (B) fire workers, or (C) reduced profits.
(A) is exactly what the grandparent post described: increasing wages leading to increasing prices (e.g. inflation across the board).
(B) is presumably undesirable as well; minimum wage jobs are typically how teenagers and other first-time job holders learn basic job skills. Reducing the number of such positions would drastically hamper economic growth across multiple markets.
Finally, it's entirely possible that businesses don't have enough [profit margin]( to freely choose (C). Furthermore, those businesses which could afford to do so *did not choose this* without the force of law held against them; what makes you so certain they would willingly reduce the wage gap when both options (A) and (B) would allow them to maintain it even one moment longer?
@_date: 2014-02-08 11:57:34
I think you can broaden it a bit past "big banks" and say *big business* and government are inseparable. (Walmart and other "big box" stores couldn't grow as big, as fast, if they didn't get [massive subsidies](
If Bitcoin actually does displace state-issued fiat currencies in the marketplace, I expect massive economic disruption the like the world has never seen....
@_date: 2014-06-21 11:37:24
You libertarians and anarchists worrying about democratic governments being abusive are insane! If the government is taking people's money, it's just closing tax loopholes and enforcing rules that should have been followed anyway!
Just follow the law, there's nothing wrong here! /sarcasm
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:43:34
Can you kindly elaborate on how or why Bitcoin will be "going down" if the Federal Reserve system fails?
@_date: 2014-02-13 20:55:27


I wouldn't say "idiotic", just optimistic -- although I admit the difference is very small. (An idiot votes to change the outcome of elections. An optimist votes.)
@_date: 2014-01-30 22:06:18
"Rights" refers to fundamental, ethically [normative]( rules as to what behavior is owed or permitted in regard to other human beings.
"Positive Rights" are things which require action by other humans to be recognized. Examples of positive rights would include a right to healthcare or unemployment income; these rights could not be met in a "Robinson Crusoe" scenario where there is limited interaction between humans.
"Negative Rights" are things which forbid specific actions by other humans to be recognized. Examples of negative rights include legal guarantees against slavery, the "freedom of the press", or American 4th amendment rights regarding legal search and seizure methodology. None of these rights require (specific) actions by other humans, but instead forbids certain forms of action.
@_date: 2014-01-09 01:43:31
It's because of a broken incentive system for news forecasters: each correct prediction made "far in advance" is lauded, but they are never held accountable for their failures. It's yet another form of "counting the hits and ignoring the misses", and is just as horrid in news as it is in statistics.
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:25:21
Frankly, it's not as simple as that; while nobody has to kowtow to Wall Street, Bitcoin is open source. If they really want to rule the roost of cryptocurrencies, all they have to do is provide a superior alternative.
(That said, I'm not holding my breath on this any time soon.)
@_date: 2014-01-31 12:14:27
@_date: 2014-01-22 20:38:22


Then, as an American, you will have no difficulty at all in explaining what rights the US Government is granting citizens with the [Ninth Amendment]( I have never understood this amendment and would appreciate your firsthand opinion.
@_date: 2014-10-18 11:41:50
Even if you were correct, I'm very uncomfortable with the "one size fits all" policies handed down by government.
Just consider the wide variety of birth control forms -- even for a relatively simple, straightforward problem no single solution pleases everyone. Why then should I believe that for the complex, difficult problems like poverty, environmental protection, or infrastructure building, that the "one size fits all" solution is better?
@_date: 2014-01-31 12:13:08
(Aside: I am fully aware most people consider the mathematician's "the proof is left as an exercise to the reader" to be a cop-out answer; however, my professors used it frequenly as a solution to what they called "the bobble-headed problem"; people nodding along with the lesson as long as they agreed with the conclusions but balking as soon as something disagreeable was said, even when it was the only possible fit to the same logical framework. I have provided you enough information in my first two answers the third "answers itself" -- but I fear many people would object to the conclusion unless they arrived at that point through their own efforts.)
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:15:57
Are... are we witnessing the first distributed/open source bankruptcy proceeding?
@_date: 2014-07-22 18:38:04


If all humans are "a greedy, predatory species", then by extension that also makes any potential leaders greedy and predatory. *Quis custodiet ipsos custodes?* -- how can we build some sort of guarantee that our chosen leaders will not harm us while saying they're helping? Isn't the safest (and perhaps only) course to restrict and reduce what authority they can wield against their fellow men?
@_date: 2014-02-05 19:56:53
Can you find a link for when/where CoinBase stated they would start dealing in LiteCoin? Because right now, their [support site]( says they have no plans to integrate alternative currencies.
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:53:36
No, the dollar's stability is tied to the supposed *ability of the US government to repay debts*. There are several scenarios where the US goverment persists but the ability to repay debts collapses or is reduced (a sudden spike in tax non-compliance, or Congress not raising the deficit ceiling again, or taking on a large debt to bail out some cornerstone economic industry, or ... ) 
@_date: 2014-07-22 10:43:08
Wow, that's a very broad brush you're painting with there.
I consider myself an anarchist because (A) in an ideal world, every person would act morally, regardless of what the rules say, and (B) the [Milgram]( and [Stanford prison]( experiments show that (at least) 2/3rds of people are willing to abuse their peers on the orders of a "superior". Therefore, since having a central authority figure will actually prevent people from acting upon their moral code, we must do away with the authority figures.
Please, can you tell me why the above rationale is 'crackpot' in nature?
@_date: 2014-04-03 09:12:18
Only if every pawn shop is *also* a money transmitter, because they will accept fiat currency for goods, and pay in that same currency.
This isn't listed on the US Treasury [FinCEN page]( which defines money services as "Currency dealer or exchanger, check casher, and issuer of traveler's checks, money orders or stored value" -- both sides of the transaction have to be exchanging some form of 'money'. Ergo, if bitcoin requires a license, it is money.
@_date: 2014-10-18 09:18:16
Not true in the case of open source: since anyone may alter the source code, anyone may read/verify the source code.
It may be nice for an office suite to be open source, but it's absolutely essential that trusted software like operating systems be visible to public scrutiny.
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:08:58
It's definitely been a thing today, but I read it as a jab on the nature/source of the behavior ("Must boost stock at all times! Shareholders, Shareholders, Shareholders!").
@_date: 2014-07-09 20:09:07


US voter here: I vote for libertarians. (I've also voted for the Green party, so it's not just an ideological thing.)
I've told people several times that the 2 party system is so broken, I literally will vote for any third party candidate whatsoever before voting R or D. (If those are my only two choices, vote against an incumbent, and if I can't do that, I don't vote in that election.)
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:21:26
Nothing you have said applies to Bitcoin any more (or less) than other quasi-currency assets such as gold. Since my local grocers doesn't have the equipment on hand to assay gold, I can't go buy milk with gold bars either.
So, is the Fed "too big to fail" and we're all doomed no matter what if they tank, or is there some inherent property of Bitcoin (such as a specific relationship between USD and Bitcoin) that means the two will sink or survive together? 
@_date: 2014-01-14 10:12:41


... That is, if you don't count EBT ("Electronic Benefits Transfer", i.e. welfare) as a bank card.


Now this scenario starts to make a little more sense. Walmart could cut their fee ($3 for checks up to $1K, $6 up to $5K) in half and just buy coins as they pay out check cashing to reduce their risk exposure.


...and now we're back to "unlikely" territory again. I have a hard time seeing the American unbanked population trusting their purchasing power to "th' innernet".
@_date: 2014-07-25 21:01:46
Why do you read "crime" and immediately add the word "violent"? I highly suspect that if/as economic conditions worsen, so-called white collar crime -- bribery, tax evasion, identity theft, insider trading, fraud, etc -- will rise.
@_date: 2014-10-12 10:07:45


You mean the same way that the MPAA, RIAA, and all of their lobbyist money managed to eradicate peer-to-peer filesharing, even up to BitTorrent?
Face it, the decentralized future is very much here to stay (even over the objections of the traditional power structures).
@_date: 2014-01-14 10:56:38
I don't agree, and it's really a question of 'equality' versus 'poverty'. As a thought experiment, imagine if some inexplicable catastrophe wiped out every form of technology in the world, and reduced everyone around the globe to subsistence farming (i.e. you have to grow every scrap of food you eat). Furthermore, let's assume that rather than falling into chaos, the last act of western government was to redistribute the land titles so that everyone has some land that they can farm.
Now people are 'equal': all of the wealth has been destroyed or equally split. According to "your" thesis (that of the book you linked), people would now be healthier and happier because of this equality. Yet, I would argue otherwise; if you think this thought experiment is not representative of the real world, or that my conclusion is faulty, please show me a place in the world where people live in the economic conditions I describe but have "first world" standards of health and happiness.
@_date: 2014-02-10 03:01:48
Only because scientists aren't willing to play the same game as the creationists, and pound on the opposition's "evidence". I really wanted to see Bill Nye try to pin down whether birds were created before or after Man in the bible (Genesis 1:22-26, birds first. Genesis 2:7-19, birds second) in the recent debate.
It's really, really hard to reconcile that discrepancy without saying some part of the creation story is metaphorical.
@_date: 2015-05-11 12:25:21
Most people don't use an evidence based approach to policy. If they did, gun control advocates would either not make arguments from "public safety" or would be working to ban automobiles instead (auto accidents rank above homicide for cause of death in the US, and if we count suicide as a symptom of mental illness it's the first non-disease related cause of death as well).
@_date: 2014-03-02 10:43:06
Yes, there are people who believe that government is required for insurance, audits, dispute resolution, ... even [human]( [rights]( and contracts. (Two links to "prove" I'm not highlighting someone's ideological malapropism.)
Now, in the current system government is certainly the *guardian* of rights, but it's not the *source* of rights.
@_date: 2014-04-27 11:42:29
According [to Wikipedia]( there are three ways a Ponzi scheme can end (other than being stopped by the authorities):
* The central promoter vanishes and takes all the money.
* New investment slows down and the fund fails to pay the promised returns as a result.
* External market forces cause many investors to withdraw part or all of their funds.
The first can't happen with bitcoin as a whole because there is no central user ("promoter") who can abscond with all of the funds. The latter two liquidity crisis apparently can't collapse bitcoin because *they have happened in the past 6 months* and bitcoin is still around.
In light of this I find it more difficult to believe claims Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme, than I do claims the US Social Security Trust Fund is a Ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2015-05-11 21:35:00
Point being if you're waiting for somebody to always, without exception, "use an evidence based approach to policy" you're going to wait a (potentially literal) interminably long time.
@_date: 2015-05-11 21:51:06
No, as Noosterdam stated, I am only stating that arguing for "public safety" factor, even a cursory examination of the facts means that several other factors must be reduced or eliminated as a public risk before guns should be considered.
I'm not attempting to cast any shadow over the myriad arguments I have heard for gun control. In matter of point, I personally consider the decision of [Castle Rock v. Gonzales]( to be the final arbiter for anyone attempting to craft a rational, "fact based" perspective on public safety today; however, that does not mean that I immediately believe that such circumstances cannot (or even will not) change in the future.
@_date: 2015-07-02 11:55:31
I assume you live in the United States. [Laws in England]( are much more permissive regarding what you can successfully label "defamation of character", particularly in regard to a business.
It may be an "astoundingly stupid legal theory" where you live, but don't assume that about all regions of the world.
@_date: 2013-12-27 11:49:41


Yes, in two different veins of argument.
1) Governments are run by people, so whatever the government does is effectively done *by a person*. Just having the title of "king" or "president" doesn't change the ethical nature of their actions.
2) If you live in a democracy, governments are presumed to run "by the people for the people". The argument is that since the government in a democracy gets its' power from the citizens, it cannot perform actions the citizens could not. 


So, you're suggesting that the Red Cross, Habitat for Humanity, and other "public works" charities should have the power to levy taxes like the government?
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:14:43
I'm not so sure. (Quotes are from [Krugman's column]( emphasis below is mine.)








In other words, what Krugman is saying is: "I'm trying to wrap my head around how Bitcoin actually works [positive economics]. When I look at the way things should be [normative economics], Bitcoin is a immediate threat to central banking systems around the world. But I'm not letting that threat affect my attempts to understand how this thing actually works."
I'm pretty sure Krugman was expressing his honest, serious opinion in the headline. After all, he repeats it in the article.
@_date: 2013-12-27 19:34:19
Let me start here:


Please don't misunderstand: I'm just explaining the logic (note the phrasing from my original post: "Some people believe...") not actually stating my personal position. I just stated that unless you outline [why government is special]( you are making an error, not stated whether I personally believe they hold that claim (or why).
Now, on with the devil's advocate argument:






I must be mis-understanding your point. First you seem to claim that the government is special because it performs a beneficial function. Then you seem to claim that the government is special because it centralizes several projects and allows assignment of priority. Finally, you seem to claim that the government is special for the particular functions it employs are essential, like education.
As best as I really can understand it, it seems you're arguing the power to tax belongs to the government alone because ... well, that the government is special. Am I wrong? Could you please clarify, and give an example of how another organization could meet the requirements to tax?
@_date: 2013-12-27 21:05:22


The point I was driving at was that flatly stating "only the government may tax" [is a logic error.]( 
In short: any statement should regarded as disproven if cases can be found where it does not apply, unless there is a clear reason **why not**.
In the case of taxes, there's only three logical possibilities:
* The ability to tax is universally acceptable to any organization, or
* the ability to tax is flatly disallowed, or
* there is some abstract rule (such as "must provide necessary social services") that determines which organizations may collect taxes.
Most people don't like the consequences of the first two options, so they immediately claim they fall under rule  However, if you can't clearly express what rule allows taxation, or think of a (perhaps hypothetical) example organization that may tax *other than governments*, you're almost certainly making a logic error.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:32:28


What's more important, the housing bubble popping shows that people shouldn't blindly trust the banks, and the Occupy movements shows that people don't want to trust those banks regardless of the guarantees.
I'm convinced that once one or two of the big retailers gets online with Bitcoin (perhaps when [Overstock.com goes online next year]( we'll have popular adoption in the US.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:40:55


Oh, they're very clever, in a limited sort of way. After all, they get their wealth from people's trust in the (existing) bank system, so they need to say everybody else's ideas are deadly lethal to the global economy.
Do they think the common rabble are stupid? Definitely -- after all, they (still) trust them to manage the money!
@_date: 2013-12-23 20:42:38
According to the [Bureau of Labor Statistics]( $100 in 2013 had the same purchasing power as $4.25 in 1913 did.
Alternately, if you paid $100 for something in 1913 dollars, that same thing would cost $2,354.23 in 2013 dollars.
Edit: reversed numbers in one portion.
@_date: 2013-12-27 02:53:01


Some people believe taxes are immoral (i.e. you'll see the claim that "taxes are theft").
The thought is that the IRS says "pay your income tax or you'll go to jail", while if a private person says the same sort of thing it's considered a crime (extortion/robbery). Without further justification, this is a textbook example of the [special pleading]( logical fallacy.
@_date: 2013-12-28 23:16:54
I think the idea was that there's more irrational numbers than rationals (proof via [Cantor's diagonal argument]( Naturally, you can set up a bijection of the numbers 0-1 and 0-100 by multiplying by 100.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:07:04
If I have offended, you have my sincerest apologies. You asked why some people do not believe in taxes; I only meant to answer that question.
Let me leave you with this quote: 


@_date: 2013-12-29 15:40:18
Absolutely true; however, I do not think Krugman's statements rise quite to the level of "joke".
When I make a joke (such as the age-old "I just flew in from the capital, and boy are my arms tired"), the humor is provided by an *unexpected* change in the interpretation of my statement. However, many people will use a positive phrasing when make normative statements (i.e. "This game is stupid" and leaving off "I think..."). There is no unexpected change in the interpretation of the statement: even before reading his article, I understood Krugman's headline as a personal opinion rather than statement of objective fact.
The same is true when I see statements from Ron Paul (["The failure of government surrounds us"]( or any other 'talking head'.
@_date: 2013-12-17 20:08:22
True, but consumers can't go into bitcoin debt and over spend; in fact, they are encouraged to spend as little as possible and delay any purchases as bitcoin is (and always was designed to be) inflationary. 
This is the death knell for any industry or government which is founded on fees or taxes (at least, ones decoupled from services provided). Lower compulsive consumption = lower monetary velocity = lower taxes.
@_date: 2013-12-26 20:00:32
My attitude toward government policy is much like my attitude toward someone explaining a board game strategy:
*If your plan falters when someone does something "unexpected", the problem lies with your plan, not with the other people.*
Moonshiners making bathtub gin to get around alcohol prohibition? Corporations sending jobs (or profits) overseas to avoid taxes? Radar detectors sold to help people avoid speeding tickets?
Other currencies' behavior hamstrings your monetary policy?
The problem lies not with the other people, but in that your plan was too fragile -- it didn't take stock of all possible responses to the changes you were suggesting.
@_date: 2013-12-29 11:48:39


Well, actually no. You can also believe in a centralized system if you start from the dual premises that (1) most (but not all) humans are corrupt and evil, and (2) it is possible to separate the good actors from the bad, and place only good people in charge.
Argue all you want about these being ungrounded, contrafactual premises, but it doesn't change the fact that people can (rationally) believe in centralized systems.