@_author: akutaco
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:41:52
Bitchy intro of your comment aside, the info she revealed isn't really anything more than what gets revealed about any other high profile individual. His family consented to providing quotes for the interview (~~they legally have to~~ Edit: I was thinking of for commercial purposes. Journalistically, all conversations are considered on the record unless the source clarifies otherwise. A journalist with integrity will explain this to people who are not used to dealing with the press. Since many members of this Nakamoto's family seem to be fairly successful and are likely well acquainted with press etiquette, most of them likely provided their tacit consent in this way. Obviously, I have no way of knowing this for certain, but I will assume such procedures were followed because I don't have a good reason to assume otherwise. My bad on the previous phrasing guys.) which means that she isn't doing anything to harass them. And the only people who are protected from having names and the like revealed are children. These people are all adults.
The reveal of the house is the only part that strikes me as even mildly questionable. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 19:00:52
No, bitcoin was not invented to OBVIATE (the definition of obviate being "to remove") these authorities, it was invented to eliminate RELIANCE on such authorities (EDIT: and if you read the original paper, it had nothing to do with government, and everything to do with FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS as in banks, as in not anything to do with the government in any way other than tangentially). There is a distinction. I don't think the creators of bitcoin at any point believed that their new currency would never have to interact with a governing body, but none of those bodies will have control over the currency. That is the point. Not to get rid of government. 
The fact that you are a libertarian and like bitcoins does not mean it was built by people who hate the government the way you do. Also, I'm not talking about passive people. I'm talking about people who actively encourage regulation and taxation. For instance, myself. I believe those are useful tools that can improve society. And I also like Bitcoin.
So what I'm saying is, yes, you made a polarizing statement because you're a libertarian and you think anyone who doesn't think exactly the way you do must be against anything that you agree with. They aren't. Is all I'm saying. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:36:19
Where did I say that regulation should be heavy handed and stupid? Please point this out to me, because nowhere can I find this implication in my original post.
@_date: 2014-02-06 17:57:15
Man, look at everyone spooging all over this. 
I don't believe the fact that the regulations you have to deal with are shitty for you means that all regulation is shitty and unnecessary. Bitcoin absolutely needs at least base regulation. 
Jesus, this whole black-and-white, all-or-none mentality when it comes to regulation just disturbs me. 
EDIT: GIVE ME ALL YOUR DOWNVOTES MMMMMMMM YES DELICIOUS
EDIT 2: This is a posterity edit. I can only respond so many times to the tired, paranoid assertion that the state is "holding a gun to your head." You people wave it around as if it were a literal fact, like a Christian waving a bible while screaming about intelligent design. You have a religious devotion to your own ideology, such that anyone opposing it becomes your actual enemy. Shit, bruce_fenton and I were able to have a perfectly good conversation about this, and yet the libertarian force on this page could not stand a dissenting opinion. So in spite of the fact that I actually contributed a conversation to the thread, I was downvoted because everyone got butt hurt that I didn't want to join their circlejerk. 
Thank you for reinforcing my belief that most (but not all) libertarians are just grown children.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:28:23
This is probably the thing that turns most people off of Bitcoin (or at least the subreddit). I personally get intensely frustrated with this place for being so rabidly anti-government. 
I regularly get called a statist in here just for recognizing the fact that not everyone is anti-government. Humanity is not a homogenous ooze of personal freedom loving libertarian utopians. Being arrogant assholes about beliefs that could be just as wrong as the next guy's isn't going to win this group any favors, especially when it's an argument that's besides the point anyway. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:41:19
Exactly! I love Bitcoin as something that really could change things a great deal in the future because of the technological problem it tackles. No one has thus far convinced me that internet money is going to destroy the government. But my own research into the subject has left me utterly convinced of the usefulness of this protocol and what it could achieve.
If this subreddit had been my first exposure to Bitcoin, I probably would've dismissed it immediately. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 04:52:46
Really? That's kind of adorable. Sai is so incredibly not scary to me, haha. Although I did think he was a woman at first (I read the comic before seeing the show, so I didn't have a voice to go with it). 
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:54:11
He called the cops out of fear. He had the choice to force her off his property. He could have had the police escort her away.
He didn't. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:32:32
Here is the sequence of events for our conversation:
I post my original comment that Satoshi Nakamoto is a public figure, and the information in the article about him was entirely normal information to provide about a public figure. 
You respond that Bill Gates is a public figure and insinuate that Satoshi is not. 
Multiple people respond to you and point out that you are incorrect on that implication, myself included. 
You respond, stating that while Satoshi is a public figure, Dorian is not. 
I reply that he made himself a public figure by talking to a journalist and making duplicitous statements about his role in Bitcoin. 
You then respond that there have been developments in the story and make an unfounded statement about how the real Satoshi would respond which you can't possibly know.
Whether or not she is correct is irrelevant, as I've already explained. But yeah, I guess we can "agree to disagree" even though I'm not sure what we're even talking about agreeing or disagreeing on at this point. The status of Satoshi as a public figure and that Dorian caused his own addition to the stage of this ridiculous drama are facts which don't require us to agree about anything. ~~We certainly agree that you don't have anymore points to make.~~ &lt;-- This comment is an indication of me being a douchey-mc-doucherton. Sorry man. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:50:33
Buying from a hardware start-up isn't supposed to be inherently risky though. These people are just shitty at running their businesses. That's not going to be the case forever. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:39:30


It's funny you use that word, since searching for the definition predominantly returns the result that Technorati is a search engine before ever even getting to the made up internet definition you're using.
And people typically use search engines to gather information...
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:55:12
That's extremely normal information. Nobody loses their shit when people post the net worth of Bill Gates or any other rich person. 
This should not end her career. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:01:51
Therefore smart governance is good, yes. Regulations applied when necessary are good. Are the OP's list and example of overreaching? Absolutely. Does that make all regulation bad? Absolutely not, unless you live by the axiom that all governance is bad, in which case I'll treat your opinion the same as I treat a Christian that believes all gay people are going to hell.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:43:02
Saying "Find it yourself" is the opposite of pointing someone in the right direction. It's like someone walking up to you on the street to ask you for directions and you saying, "I know exactly where that is, but I'm not going to tell you. You should just go buy a map and leave me alone."
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:08:22
What unsubstantiated claim are you referring to? 
Objectively speaking, life is better for most people all over the world than it was 160 years ago. There's very little about that that is unsubstantiated. There are many reasons that has happened, and one of them is undoubtedly regulation. 
To claim otherwise is more unsubstantiated than my claim. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:52:46
Haha, I never said he actually is Satoshi. I don't know or care one way or the other. Everyone else just seems really disappointed by the possibility. 
As long as the mystery is alive, there's always going to be a journalist trying to reveal the truth. Mysteries attract investigators that way. As long as people are calling these journalist's liars, then don't be surprised that people keep searching. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:49:25
I greatly appreciate that. I'm sure I came off as overly disagreeable, but I do agree with you that a great deal of regulations are probably stupid and unnecessary. I'm just not of the mindset that all regulation everywhere ever at all in every possible scenario ever at all is always 100% of the time a bad thing. That's silly. That's like saying fire is bad.
Yes, fire can burn you. But does that make it bad? Does it not, when applied smartly, also keep you warm? Was it not an early fuel source? We have electricity now. You can die from that too. And yet it powers the modern world. We have nothing without these things.
Sometime shit goes wrong, but that doesn't mean the tool was always worthless. Just that the people wielding it didn't know what they were doing.
Also, sorry it's taking me so long to reply. I think someone must have flagged my original comment, because reddit keeps preventing me from posting with a delay. I had to go to class, and I've gotten so many response, but I can't say anything to any of them for long stretches of time at the moment. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:37:22
That's entirely possible, although I feel like maybe everyone is hanging onto that because no one wants to admit that the inventor of Bitcoin is just some guy. Could this prediction be due to people's disappointment? That's what it seems like anyway. 
Out of curiosity, what makes it seem like a cliche? The genius recluse bit, I guess. But it's as plausible as anything else.
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:17:46
Irresponsible I'll give you. But I doubt she was being malicious. The tone here has been incredibly vicious towards her, and that's completely unfair. She would get no benefit out of posting that information maliciously, and no one who would have the motivation to outright attack him would need this article to figure out where he is. 
In any case, I'm wracking my brain for who would actually want to do such a thing. Someone who knows about bitcoin is likely a fan who wouldn't want to hurt the man, a non fan who wouldn't want the coins, or someone who doesn't know anything about bitcoin. The greatest threat would come from the last. But the thing is, someone finding that out has to figure out several things: what kind of wallet does Nakamoto keep? Cold storage? A brain wallet? Paper wallet? Where would he keep it? In a safe? Locked away at a bank? Is there any guarantee that he keeps it in the house in the first place (I wouldn't). 
There are too many unknowns. I just feel it's really improbable that some masterfully planned heist is gonna take place or that anything is going to come of this. It was wrong to post the photo of the house, but it's still unfair to paint the woman as a monster for a crime that hasn't happened.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:22:28
Violence isn't necessarily physical, and harassment is a form of violence. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:46:51
By this logic, I better lynch anyone who works in finance, since inequality has reached historic highs and last I checked, they are the ones who have take. All the money and overreached from their original purpose and turned into economic thugs.
Thanks for the idea! EAT THE RICH!
@_date: 2014-07-22 23:11:38
They might be hedging their bets against stricter regulation. If there are changes to how the larger economy interacts with bitcoin, and if those changes require identity verification at some level, all the ass covering will pay off for them later on. If not, then it doesn't matter, because Bitcoin is probably the smallest portion of most of these places' sales anyway. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 23:56:24
It's a bit dismissive, you're right. I apologize for that. I appreciate the additional context quite a bit. 


I mean, I get that, and I'm on board, but that's still a system of governance. And if there's a framework that we have to operate in, that means people have to create that framework. Unless we all agree on a single one, the whole system could be fragmented to the point of uselessness. 


Well, I mean, I only ask that because you offered it to as a solution to his/her question about dispute resolution, so thought it was worth requesting a specific answer since these are the kinds of questions that really do need pondering. 
Dispute resolution requires at the very least an unbiased third party and disputes by definition are things that could not be resolved through the smart contract system. You can't rely on computers to do everything for you.


I assume you meant that violence is expensive. Are you saying that without government, violence will become cheap and we'll all be better off for that? Because that sounds like the opposite of a positive outcome of there being no government.
With regards to dispute resolution, I'm not saying it necessarily has to be government, but it does have to get done, the rules need to be stable, and it has to be through a trustworthy system. If I sign a contract in New York, I need to know that I won't get screwed because the rules are drastically different in California. If something does go wrong and there is a dispute, I need to know that whatever decisions are made can actually be enforced and that I won't be gouged for that enforcement. My problem is that smart contracts can't set those universal rules, nor can they enforce any dispute resolutions except for those outlined in the contract, and they also can't necessarily prevent clever fraud. And even if we have "someone other than government" doing dispute resolution, that doesn't actually resolve any of the problems that could potentially be caused by government involvement, because the problems caused by government are more properly labeled "the problems caused by people." 


I hate pointing this out, but you literally just said that smart contracts don't resolve disputes. Which is it? And, as an inert piece of code that does whatever it's told, in what way does the blockchain enforce anything? As I understand it, the blockchain is nothing more than a ledger keeping track of transactions. It doesn't spontaneously create or alter transactions of it's own accord. You'll have to explain that one in a bit more detail for me.
Regarding violence, that is part of human nature. There has always been violence regardless of the political ideology subscribed to, and in the non-violent societies, it has never been an absence of government specifically that made those groups non-violent. Regarding your statement about tribes and corporations, I'm not talking about internal disputes. Mega corporations absolutely use legal avenues to resolve their disputes if they can't resolve them privately, and the same thing will be required in a "governmentless" society. Also, it seems ill-advised to extrapolate the political situation of a very small, tight-knit group of people who all know each other (tribes) and assume that their model will work for a civilization of millions of people. 
The data that we do have regarding violence make it seem pretty obvious to me that government itself is not the source of issues of violence or strife- [there are different rates of violence, but all of these countries have governments.]( Everyone is always fond of talking about guns and heads, but unless you live in one of the countries in the most violent section of the list I just linked, it's likely you are a white man whose statistically biggest life threat is heart disease. I mean, I'm not trying to tell you what ideology to follow, I'm just saying that you're probably not going to convince me personally of anything if you mention governmental violence. That's a problem requiring a solution, but it's tangential. Governments were invented both for power but also for protection. They wouldn't have continued existing this long if they weren't evolutionarily advantageous to humanity as a species. Even if you believe they're inefficient or a relic of the past, you can't blame government for all of the world's violence anymore than you can blame religion for all of the world's ignorance. 
To be more convincing, I need hard data and real world examples that prove what you're saying is actually possible, not conjecture about a future based on technologies that are either in their very early stages, are still theoretical, or that don't actually do the things people claim they will do. I really am curious to know if these technologies could help us in the future, but I need realistic expectations based on hard evidence, and I need those expectations to acknowledge humanity's ideological differences as well. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:05:05
It's only an ad hominem if it isn't true. It takes very little effort to look into her dark side and find out just how reprehensible and inconsistent some of her views were.
She had a horrible life, and while it gave her some insights, she suffered mentally for it. She was an unstable person. Would you say I'm making ad hominem attacks if I said Rob Ford is a crackhead who can't be trusted to run anything? No, because it's objectively true. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:33:51
It *is* her fucking job. That's what journalists do. You don't have to like it for it to be what they do. 
If you don't like journalists, that's no one's problem but yours. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:14:24
I have this fear that half of the population of the world might rape me at any moment. Might break into my house and do awful things to me, or follow me into an alley and pin me down. Statistically speaking, this fear is quite justified, and I'm lucky to live in a part of the world where women aren't killed for the crime of being violated.
I should just kill every man I see, I guess. They must all be evil. I mean, there's boatloads of evidence of men doing terrible things. I mean, women also do terrible things sometimes, but it's only when the men do it that matters. Fuck men and anyone who trusts them.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:43:48
I was not using the term as anything other than a general reference to human beings. Everyone's an asshole at some point, and everyone is a hero at some point. It just depends on who you're interacting with. 
For instance, I've had to rely on social welfare programs in the past in order to survive. Anyone who has facilitated that, including the taxpayers who contributed to those programs, is a hero to me. For someone that takes the default position that all government is evil, they are probably psychopaths holding a gun to the heads of patriotic tax evaders.
Tomayto. Tomahto. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 00:40:08
Sorry, your comment got buried, just saw it now. Anyway, yes. Ideas stand and fall on their own. Which is why I've stated elsewhere that I think the quote is good.
However, her overall philosophy is not. It attempts to assert that a necessary fraction of the human condition (selfishness) is in fact the whole. But it is not. That is the point, not that this particular quote is bad or that everything she's ever said is bad. I already conceded that in my original post. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:52:48
That reminds me of a Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap label. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:44:11
Oh look, a reference to nazis. I totally am taking you seriously now, because that's not a disingenuous exaggeration at all. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:40:43
I have to assume you're trolling and ignore you now. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:47:00
Simply put, no.
Coercion does not imply compliance. I can choose not to comply with someone else if I have sufficient power to do so or if I do not feel hindered by the consequences proposed. For instance, if I'm rich, I can say fuck it to the government and just pay my fine for not getting health insurance. If I'm poor, I can say fuck it and work under the table so my wages can't be garnished.
However, I can also look to the proposed actions instead of any implied or imagined threats, and decide them on their own merits. I can choose to agree with those actions and voluntarily follow them, in which case any perceived threats become irrelevant. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:00:36
Being eleven doesn't mean anything. I assume she's the "break the mold, don't follow rules, fuck it I'll do my own thing" type of person, which I support. Most school projects are stupid, and I did whatever the fuck I wanted too. But she still didn't do anything scientific for her science project. She may have learned the process, but that's like me saying I did science by figuring out how all of my units work in Civilization V.  
Are we saying that learning the play mechanics of a videogame is science the way programming that game is science? Does that apply to anything? Is it science if I tell people "Hot showers work by turning a knob in the shower area. This can be a single knob that works for both hot and cold, or there can be two separate knobs. It's also possible that you have a secondary faucet which is used to fill the tub rather than a showerhead, which provides a constant stream of water." Is that as much science as the project describing how a hot water heater actually works from an engineering standpoint?
Not trying to be a dick or nothin'. Good on her for being interested in something that's genuinely cool. But I also have problems with calling this science if she's not explaining anything about the programming behind it. 
@_date: 2014-07-22 23:17:39
That was a glowing review....
Honestly, customer service from a large corporation is always going to be filled with holes. And having a company with thousands upon thousands of employees doesn't really work to anyone's benefit. It creates a giant grinding machine where nothing gets done or everything is only half what you wanted. First someone has to have an idea, then they have to request approval to implement that idea, then someone else has to come in and take over the idea, then they have to send the information to accomplish it down to a team below them, then that team has to distribute information to their own subordinates, and so on and so forth through the chains of middle men. That's all until you get to the actual customer facing employees, who may try to learn all of whatever conflicting information/policies/procedures their corporate rulers have clusterfucked together using this hierarchy, or they may just toss their greasy hair and be like "whatever man, not my problem" because really, it's not. 
Their employees are not guaranteed to learn about bitcoin. They might go through the training, but I'd be willing to bet that a majority of them never even have to deal with a customer who used it. At least not for the first year or two (not unless bitcoin just blows up like crazy in the next few days or something). 
@_date: 2014-04-07 15:59:05
Dude, maybe you'd get more women on your site if the first thing that you see on a job ad isn't "Who's the hottest Crypto Girl?"
My immediate impression was, "Hey, women. There are men here. Are you desperate enough for attention that you would show us pictures to prove how hot you are? If possible, please submit your scene from Girls Gone Wild. We need vagina people just smart enough to know what bitcoins are, but who will forgo any sort of intellectual discussion in favor of showing us their sweet sweet bewbs. Please submit proof of your fuckability during sign up." 
Not that there's anything wrong with women having sexual appetites, but a bunch of gross nerds begging for action is unpleasant. The online dating experience for most women is already pretty terrible. It doesn't help when your website immediately objectifies the people you're trying to attract.
There's nothing to sell this website. If you wanna be a hook-up site, Grindr style, that's fine. But you should probably add some content to explain your goals if that's what they are. If your goals are, "To help people build meaningful relationships with those of the opposing gender," then don't start off by objectifying half the population. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 19:03:11
I don't see any "Advanced forum for Bitcoin masters" signs around here. 
It's a general Bitcoin subreddit. Anything bitcoin related at all. That includes beginner questions.
Perhaps a better solution would be to create separate subs for advanced users and for those who only want to see Bitcoin news/articles. Quite frankly, if the community is getting big enough that we need to make these distinctions, I'd say that's a good thing. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:55:09
Oh, ok, so as long as you're ok with it, it's just not a regulation. Got it. 
Actual dictionaries will define a regulation as follows:


So, I mean, if there's a party that enforces your simple "laws", they are still regulations. 
You can't just change the definitions of words because you don't like something. That's not an effective way to communicate. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 20:22:10
Ah, family meal or single? I guess how much a McDonald's meal costs would depend on where you live. To get one of their meals just for myself is probably around $6 or $7 (so $24-28 for a family of four) in my town. 
But that's not really an accurate example of how much a REAL dinner costs, because you're paying not just for the food, but for the convenience. If people were willing to go to the grocery store, buy real food, and then cook it, you can feed a family of 4 for less than $20, depending on what you get. Not to mention to whole leftovers thing. 
*cue old lady waving a walking stick and screaming for those rascally kids to get off my lawn*
@_date: 2014-03-29 19:12:34
So you're saying gross incompetence should get them off the hook then. If they have a court order preventing them from spending from that wallet, the fact that they could theoretically have given the key out to an irresponsible third party doesn't really help them in the least. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:39:31
Society requires a balance between order and chaos. I don't advocate anything that fails to take that into account. A completely unregulated economy would be one of those things. Life is better now than it was in the Wild West. Part of that is because of structure and regulation.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:09:55
BRB, gonna go re-read all of Hikaru no Go again. 
I would love to buy one of your nicer Gobans, but unfortunately I don't play often enough to justify such an expense.  Still, might pick up a book or two. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:38:29
I said that regulation had contributed to that, not that it was responsible for the entire thing. Please read the things I say more carefully before you make incorrect assertions like that.
To be clear, me pointing out facts does not constitute quipping. I'm not being pithy. I'm referencing reality. I'm sorry that you're wrong because it clearly pains you to understand what is actually happening. You dislike unions (which are not government organizations just because you don't like them). Right to work states have regulation specifically preventing a non-government group (unions) from enforcing those fees or requiring union membership. It's why your brother is allowed to work in a union shop without paying union dues. Regulations. That is what that rule is. It's a regulation. If you support the existence of Right-to-Work states, you support regulation. The following sentence is right from the wikipedia page on Right to Work laws:


Please stop willfully misunderstanding anything I say to you (or reality) just because there's a word in the sentence that you don't like. If you don't understand something I'm saying, do me the courtesy of asking me to clarify the way I did with your comment about conflation and rural populations.
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:59:33
There is evil everywhere. It is not particular to government.
Those are exactly the kinds of overreaching, overly politicized statements that will turn people off of the protocol. Keep that to yourself when you're explaining Bitcoin to normal people. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:56:51
I do not love all regulation anymore than I love hammers. They are tools.
I also do not advocate stupid laws. So I think before you pigeonhole me, you should be aware of the very real fact that you are the one willfully choosing not to open your mind to what I am saying.
I was persuaded by people like yourself that there are absolutely stupid laws and regulations that shouldn't exist. Those ideals have shaped my viewpoint in a very real way. 
But I cannot wholly agree with such an extreme viewpoint.
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:25:05


My problem with this argument has always been that without a state power, financial institutions would've had nothing they needed to corrupt before running wild. There's this implicit belief that government's existence provokes and promotes bad behavior in the first place. But evolutionarily speaking, that's highly unlikely. 
As far as Mt. Gox goes, the fat lady has yet to sing that score. I'm holding off on the declarative statements about consequences until I see their site disappear. 
It's very unlikely that non-libertarians ignore the implications of Bitcoin and that they are the only ones who could possibly understand this as a positive. I am absolutely not the only non-libertarian (or liberal) who cares what Bitcoin could mean about the future, and I view it pretty positively for being someone who doesn't believe in the concept of money generally (sorry still at work, haven't read that article you sent just yet. Will soon!). 
We have common ground. Libertarians and non-libertarians can have common ground. They can agree on things. If people just stopped spending so much time arguing how their label of choice understands the world better than some other label, we could get down to the business of finding out what we can make work. 
Tribalism is a terrible a quality of human nature, and some (not all) libertarians don't seem to be immune to that when talking to non-libertarians.
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:33:20
As long as money exists to be manipulated, whether for the greater good  or for personal benefit, there's always going to be someone to manipulate it. 
How do you gather the collective will to stop such corruption? Because it's not government that is the source. You already admitted to that. It's not even how contracts are formed and implemented that are the source. It's human nature. 
I disagree that racism requires a collective. Racism comes from ignorance. It can be reinforced by a group mindset, that's absolutely true. How do you protect individual rights if no one is allowed to declare any rules about rights? If no one is required to agree to those rules?
@_date: 2014-03-30 00:38:09


I totally agree with that. 
The problem for me is that Bitcoin isn't far enough. To me, the protocol itself has very huge implications for new decentralized network systems, but money is a problem that needs solving, not bolstering. It doesn't generate inequality, but it makes it easy to fester. I'm not of the belief that anyone is more special than anyone else. Everyone has something to contribute, and everyone should be free to do what they feel needs to be done without being constrained or distracted by money. Status will always be a thing. People like feeling like they're better than other people. But it should be about what you do, not how much money you can move around. 
I always liked Jaques Fresco's concept of a connected civilization that monitors resource needs and usage and allows people to do whatever they want within those constraints instead of an imaginary representation of value that ends up being distorted into a bunch of shit that doesn't matter at all. Because that just seems outdated and cruel. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:25:36
Yes and financial crimes absolutely have victims. I feel like everyone here has forgotten the last ten years in their zeal for what is an amazing and innovative technology (I wouldn't be in here if I didn't like bitcoin). I'm not talking about over regulation. I'm talking about smart regulation. They are not the same thing. You seemed to be advocating a complete and utter lack of regulation as the answer to this.
Predatory lending, ponzi schemes, fraud, Byzantine financial instruments like mortgage backed securities. These are things that require regulation, just like regulations for worker safety, just like mandates against murder, just like anything else where one person being a dick has the potential to harm other people (and in the case of the financial industry harm entire nations). Just because there is no blood does not mean there is no victim. That was a ridiculous thing for you to say.
Edit: Errors, because typing on a phone sucks. And also because you missed my point.
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:40:07
I can't agree. She was incapable of distinguishing between socially responsible actions and the larger oppression imposed by a highly authoritarian governing body. In no way do ~~our~~ the United States' current social programs destroy innovators or prevent them from rising up. There are a completely different set of policies and regulations that cause that. 
Please see my previous analogy for why her circumstances would result in her views being considered extremist in any other scenario. 
EDIT: I'm sorry! I know the workings of the US government do not apply to every nation in the world. Seriously, apologies. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:10:42
I swear to God, nobody questions regulation being necessary when it comes to other areas of life. Nobody goes "Yeah, but does murder reeeeally need to be illegal?" I've never met a single person that felt bad about the tobacco industry not being allowed to market to children. 
Jesus Christ. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 17:54:54
So we let the computers do the governing.
Who do we trust to maintain the rules in these computer systems? If it seems like the rules have become burdensome or unfair, who decides how to change them?
They can carry out the tasks we give them, but programs can't make all of our decisions for us. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:32:29
Doesn't really matter. The rules are the same whether he is or isn't Satoshi. I mean, it sucks for him either way, doesn't it?
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:42:08
Absent government control, money will still be money and do what money does. Traditional fiat was invented (or co-opted rather) to be a universal medium of exchange for large populations and facilitate easy taxation, but now that we have a global economy and all of these actors are bumping into each other on the stage; Bitcoin addresses that new lack of universality.  
I'm not a libertarian. I don't care that the government interferes in money matters. I don't believe Bitcoin will help with any of the problems that money causes psychologically. But it will help with artificial barriers to exchange across border lines. Labeling it non-governmental currency is pretty obvious.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:46:58


Be careful when making these kinds of statements. It smacks of a black-and-white mindset, which is not how the real world works. I mean, I assume you don't actually think that ALL people who agree with the existence of a governing body ALL hate Bitcoin universally, because nobody could be that silly. Just felt it was worth pointing out that there are plenty of people who don't have a radical distaste for either the government or Bitcoin, and in fact that believe both are perfectly valid things that can be used for positive change. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 16:47:14
Quiet you. Everything is better when privately controlled by some asshole. EVERYTHING. 
Now stop pointing out positive things about government and drink your god damned Kool-Aid. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 16:48:55
First of all, dude, everyone is a fucker. Government, private. You're a fucker. I'm a fucker. All fuckers. What your job is makes almost no difference in whether or not you're capable of fucking over tons of people.
I'm so tired of this fallacious assumption that ONLY people in government are evil, and that any private actions taken by assholes who destroy things for fun (and money) will be magically resolved by the "free market" (that doesn't and shouldn't exist). You people are fucking deluded if you think that private or government makes any god damned difference in any way.
Your ideals are only a part of a necessary whole. Libertarian ideals are valid, in the right context. They are not the answer to everything, and you're as deluded as any republican or democrat if you actually think so.
All of you god damned tribalists, whatever label you pick. It's all the same shit. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:48:36
We have no proof one way or the other, so launching a fullscale attack on the woman's character out of a misguided sense of justice is just a bunch of posturing. It's worthless and unnecessary.
I'm not going to join this manufactured outrage party. You're still not seeing the obvious fact that he could have had the cops actually escort her away. No one has any idea what actually happened, and Dorian has done interviews about this interview now. If she'd engaged in harassment, I'm sure he would've said so. So you're inference that something terrible must have happened is less and less likely by the day. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:59:52
I don't see too many positives in any tyrannical structure continuing, but not all government is tyrannical, regardless of the vocalization of a minority party. 
Even if government completely morphs into something other than its current form, there will always be government. Positive and negative in any particular timespan from any particular philosophical or political viewpoint is irrelevant to everyday necessity. We will always need groups of people who can keep things organized for the benefit of everyone else who is taking care of their own affairs. Small or large, networked or centralized, organic or artificial, governance is governance and it will always be around. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:29:50
Where is the evidence that she stood outside harassing him? That's an assumption based on nothing other than the ire of a bunch of reddittors who are mad that their shadowy idol might just be some weird asshole (in the words of his own family, who didn't seem like they were harassed into giving a response and could even more easily have told her to fuck off over the phone and blocked her calls if she really was harassing them). 
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:42:51
That's right, and I don't think we should. Nor do I believe that we should have full blown free market capitalism.
What it appears that you are trying to insist on right now is that economies that have benefited from a balance between the social and financial sectors should swing wildly towards to the welfare of the financial sector without any recourse for the welfare of the rest of society. 
That is not logical. I'm sorry that Venezuala does not seem to be benefiting from social programs because they lack balance with everything else. That does not mean that social programs are evil though.  
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:15:11
I don't see the difference between government misdeeds and private misdeeds. Moreover, I don't believe racism stopped existing in the private world to the degree that you pretend. There are many places where violent racism occurs, and police brutality tends to go up in those areas. Which means I also don't automatically assume that the problem is caused by government. It's caused by people.
I don't see why you would assume government being out of the picture would impact this enough for you to bring it up. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:06:05
Yours wasn't the only comment I was referring to in my edit. Also, I didn't misunderstand. I stated elsewhere that while I think this is a good quote and she sometimes makes good points, that she is also not a really super trustworthy source for an ideology in general because even she is not capable of adhering to it. If the creator can't be a perfect human being, no one else can either, making her overall ideology that selfishness is good highly suspect.
I mean, I'm not insisting that anyone agree with me. If people want to be selfish, they are free to do so. I personally just think selfish people tend to be douchebags, so it's not something I would encourage. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:49:25
Please see the edit I've added to my original post. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 01:46:28


That's actually one of the issues I had with the book. I'm personally not saying that ownership is entirely bad. Actually, even the book I mentioned points this out as an issue, since humans are emotional creatures and we attach sentiment to thinks where we don't actually need any.


Ownership itself is basically control. I mean, if you don't have any control over your environment, you can't manipulate it at all. If you can't access crops, you can't harvest and eat them. If you can't hunt in a region, you can't cook meats and the like. You can have shared ownership over an area and human beings like cooperating, so this works out most of the time (and is actually the other thing besides control that can lead to governing bodies being formed; the people who share an area will decide resource distribution by violence, such as in a fully authoritarian system, or by majority rule, such as in a democratic system). 


Precisely. If someone else decides they want to own your stuff, that means they wish to obtain a control advantage over you by default, even if they don't have any feelings about you personally (other than a clear disrespect for your right to survive). There are means to do this both violently and non-violently, but the end result if they succeed by either method would still be that you lose everything you have.  Deprivation of your survival advantage could be temporary or permanent, but now you are require again to prove your right to exist and that requires you to seek ownership over something again. Otherwise, you become a nomad, or you agree to cease ownership in exchange for the privilege of paying some kind of fee to the new owner. In that case, they have an advantage over you, being the owners of the property. You may be able to leverage that by seeking ownership yourself or finding a property which offers terms you are willing or forced to agree to, but either way, there is a system of advantage and disadvantage that has directly resulted from enforcement of property rights. 


I agree, psychology is absolutely an element of violence, but the thing is that our psychology affects our biology as well (if you haven't looked into it, there's a field of research called epigenetics, which deals with the various psychological and biological effects that the actions we take in life will have on who our children become). We began existence as animals competing with other violent animals, and it is only through millenia of effort that we have come to the level of global non-violence (at least among humans) that we've currently reached. But deep in our DNA, we are still programmed to survive. This may be what drives our instinct to seek status, as status confers an evolutionary advantage when competing for mates to produce offspring. After all, if you can't commence to fuckin', you can't pass on your genetic information and therefore participate in furthering the species. Because most people no longer have to fight by physical violence, I think we've adapted and emphasized this new kind of non-violent survival game based on a value system. But that's conjecture. 


I may have gotten lost here. I feel like a society that only interacts because they want what the other one has is less dismal than one where we interact because we are biologically predisposed to recognize one another's emotional states and don't want to fuck each other over because of it. I'm not suggesting that our interactions never benefit us mutually in economic terms, but rather that if we didn't also want to interact with each other, we wouldn't. I'm in agreement that societies which are empathetic to one another's situations tend to do better than those which don't, at least in today's world (after all, we can't discount the Napoleons and Alexanders of history, whose nations prospered by conquest). The statement contrasting violence with empathy was more style than substance, so I apologize for that. I don't think we fully disagree on this point, though we may have some differences of opinion on smaller details. 
The thing is I am a bit confused because the world you describe doesn't necessarily disagree with my statement that ownership is problematic. I mean, if monetary transactions occur without violence, but also without any measure of empathy, that just means the parties interacting did so non-violently because it was easier or wasted less resources to do so. Now, that's perfectly fine, but it also means that an unempathetic party which decided that violence would actually be less wasteful would likely do so, and has happened over and over thanks to the human capacity to psychologically isolate another person or group of people until they are no longer recognized as human. I suppose that is a more accurate statement about how society has generally been than my suggestion that most people prefer to get along with each other and actively not fuck one another over. My statement regarding empathy was actually pretty rosy, now that I think about it.
Anyway. This particular set of paragraphs will probably come off as a bit ADD, but I'm glad you mentioned that you consider emotion to be a form of profit. I hadn't considered that particular context. I suppose it would be overly romantic of me not to think of emotions as a commodity to be bought and sold through some form of worldly currency, be those actions or gifts. That's actually very interesting. The economy of emotions. Tell me, where can I get some emotional currency? I seem to be low on it.
I'm just kidding. I actually think that would be a really interesting way of interpreting human emotional responses. I'll have to look into studies that couch emotion in those terms. 


Market actors do have a significant amount of power right now, is the thing. Also,[ I can point you to US history to show examples of monopolies that arose and/or were squashed through government intervention]( which is the next best thing to the example you've asked for. You are correct that there are monopolies that arise with the state's blessing, and I agree that this can be problematic. But it's impossible to provide an example of a harmful monopoly in a governmentless society, not because such a thing could not exist, but rather because of the fact that a non-violent society large enough to have a powerful governing body that *doesn't* have one doesn't actually exist, to my knowledge. I'm sure there are small, isolated villages and tribes which have functioning monopolies purely due to small population size, or that may have ideologies removed from either of ours or that function through elements of both. However, those places are not useful examples for for either of us in this discussion. As far as I can find, there's just no data one way or the other at the scale that you're requesting. 


I don't think history or game theory agree with you. I'm not well versed in Game Theory, but I am aware that it's a study of strategy among rational actors. Nothing about that implies that monopolies can't exist without government. It's just a lens to analyze how we compete with one another to gain the best advantage. That's why it's called game theory. Are you saying that a perfect competition market completely free of any monopolistic practice would just naturally arise without government around to make a mess? [The list of requirements for such a thing to exist is pretty long, and government existing or not existing only factors into in indirect ways. It's absence wouldn't even affect some of these factors.]( I mean, if you were saying we might get closer to it, I would say that's possible, but it's equally likely that we'd fall face first into the opposite. In a bad way. Do you have a credible resource explaining how Game Theory shows that a monopoly is impossible in a governmentless society? Because that seems like a very massive leap to me. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:57:26
It doesn't matter whether or not she would like it. If she's done something to warrant journalistic investigation, someone should be willing to do that regardless of who they'll make angry. I expect the same in every single industry without exception. No one gets special privileges on this, not even people I like. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:53:50
It doesn't really matter whether or not she was forced to pay into it. Her statements were that anyone who accepted social welfare of any kind is morally and intellectually weak, regardless of their needs.
She was, by her own standards, morally and intellectually weak. She did not choose to take that money because it was her right. She chose to take it because she needed it. It doesn't matter how many times you insist that she had a right to it. I'm already aware that those who pay into a system have a right to benefit from that system (that's how this whole "nation" venture works). She was still a hypocrite. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:31:32
A couple things.
1: "I don't want to think about it with any degree of effort" is not really a good excuse. And let's not forget that we're using the street and directions as an analogy here. Are you saying you don't actually know how to explain anything about bitcoin after a while without having to think really hard about it? When it comes to intellectual pursuits, if that's the case then shouldn't you consider that something worth following up on?  
2: There is no map on the wall in this analogy, and you're not pointing it out anyway. To respond in the way I mentioned in my previous post would be giving exactly zero direction or helpful information.  Saying "oh, I mean, I know the answer but this can explain it better" and then providing an actual resource is leagues away from "I will do nothing to help you, and you're a disrespectful asshole for even asking," which sounds like something a sociopath would say (and oddly is what about half of the responses in the subreddit post are saying). There's absolutely nothing disrespectful about asking for advice or assistance with understanding. That doesn't even make any sense. 
There is no obvious map in this analogy. If we're considering using reddit's terrible search engine a map for new users, then I'd like to point out that even if there was a map in this analogy, sometimes maps are confusing. What if someone's looking at it and says "Excuse me, but this doesn't make any sense to me. Do you know if this street is actually here, because I couldn't find it?" What will you do then? Continue being an asshole?
What I'm saying here is that asking a question is not a reason for anyone to be an arrogant prick. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:38:40
Those are not equivalent ideas just because you dislike regulation. 
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:18:34
I butthurt. You butthurt. Everybody butthurt!
*cha cha cha*
@_date: 2014-05-13 22:30:06
Congrats! I'm almost there myself. Most recent purchase is still pending, but it'll put me up at .75 later this week. 
So close!
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:05:51
Not against his will. He spoke to the journalist. He didn't have to. He could've had those police officers escort her off his property.
And he's clearly not trying to live that normal of a life. He's paranoid and half his family seems to consider him a huge dick. 
This subreddit is apparently filled with conspiritards and paranoid schizophrenics. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:32:03
Your comment was in reply to someone who specifically said "Anyone who loves debt," which you then equated to most of the population. I hope I'm not coming off like an asshole, because I'm sure that's not what you meant. That was just the most obvious interpretation based on the comment you responded to. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:32:02
Do you understand the logic behind your words? Because it doesn't appear that you do. The fact that you don't understand the subtext of your own comment isn't my fault. You should probably keep your insults to yourself.
POWER tends grows beyond control, whether governmental or otherwise. Singling out the government as if they are the only people who wield power makes you look foolish and stupid.
And if we are to direct vitriol at anyone with a great deal of power, then we should all be lynching bankers and investors and people in finance because they arguably bankrupted the entire nation (excuse me, I forgot, this was a depression that hit the ENTIRE FUCKING WORLD), so by your stupid logic, we should hate everyone who works in finance in addition to everyone who works for the government.
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:41:46
Fair fix. Agreed.
I'd say it's pretty relevant.
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:27:56
Yes, and it's full of scams, frauds, criminals, and other unsavory sorts of risks that the average person doesn't want to spend time thinking about.
They will call for regulations, and they will have them. If you are to be a voice of reason, you should also be aware of what's realistic.
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:19:40
Owning those things doesn't mean most of the population loves debt. It means most of the population has debt. There's a pretty big difference. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:24:18
Laws are stupid. No one should ever have to follow them because freedom and stuff. I'll keep preaching the truth from the top of this mesa (which is actually just a swivel chair in front of a computer screen that provides me with whatever information I search for to confirm my existing viewpoint). 
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:42:52
Again, we're not going by your horseshit, we're going by the definition of hypocrite, and what she actually did.
Based on the things she said and what she did, she is a hypocrite. It doesn't matter how you try to justify it to yourself. You're still wrong. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:06:29
No problem, and if she had done something truly malicious and atrocious, we absolutely would be in agreement. Being commanded to do something terrible and using that as a justification for bad behavior isn't excusable (Though it is understandable; actually if you're interested in the subject, I definitely recommend a book called *Less Than Human: Why We Demean, Enslave, and Exterminate Others*. Kind of a depressing topic, but a very enlightening read). I'm just not up for pretending she's a demon for investigating an interesting identity.
Anyway, I'm always happy to clear up my position, and I appreciate you responding. Sorry if my last reply sounded a bit catty towards the end there. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:10:05
DISCLAIMER: I've been in a philosophical mood lately, and specifically I've been very focused on society and the best method of existing in it. There's a book by Ursula K. Leguin called *The Dispossessed*. It's sort of an anarchist utopian novel, except that the "utopias" presented aren't actually utopias. They have their problems. One of the issues it tries to describe and tackle is the problem of ownership, from both the positive and negative positions. I definitely recommend it if you haven't looked into it before. I suppose I've switched into writer mode, so everything I've said in this post has become somewhat speculative. I've been working on the same story for the past four or five years now, and I was kind of meandering on what the real, central conflict should be. I think the past several months getting pissed off and arguing with people on this subreddit have helped me solidify what I've been trying to express. I hope you don't mind that I used you as a springboard to explore that! Thank you for the recommended reading, I'll look into it for further study. I have seriously enjoyed this discussion. :END DISCLAIMER:
So by brain is going in another direction here in regards to violence and the role that government plays. The thing is that the rise of governance and ordered systems didn't arrive spontaneously, it arose out of need. Now, I agree that there are things that government is unnecessary for and that any systems of decision making that can be developed which are completely free of human bias should be implemented. But the real question here is "What is the optimal environment in which humans can coexist peacefully, productively, and with the freedom to pursue that which brings satisfaction or fulfillment?"
Philosophically speaking, I don't think such a world is possible. Not because we can't develop all sorts of systems, but because embedded deep within us is a desire for ownership. Ownership of territory, ownership of resources, ownership of the means to produce. Ownership gives us advantage over others. It's not just us- it is a desire embedded inside every living thing on this planet. We are all competing all the time, because our bodies were designed to consume things, and you can't freely consume that which you do not have access to. Whether that's because of the sharp teeth of a wild animal or the sharp blades of other human beings, we all instinctively pursue ownership of a certain amount of territory in order to maintain our ability to consume. 
That sounds very gloomy, because it is. This desire for ownership is the cause of all our problems of violence. But thankfully, it is our empathy that allows us to resolve things non-violently, not our selfishness or ability to own things. Societies only exist because we are required by fate or force to interact with other humans who we end up empathizing with such that we want to help carry out one another's will. 
I'll do my best to explain how this relates to a society you're presenting and as I understand that representation. 
Let's say there is a huge lake and only four or five people live near it. This lake could easily serve everyone in the area. For now, everyone knows each other, everyone gets along and everything is fine. Maybe a few more people move into the area and things are still working out beautifully. But as population grows, eventually someone will always show up that thinks "What if I could own this? What if I could say 'This is mine, and you must go through me to have it.' Well, that would be fine and dandy for me. I think I'll find a way to do that." It may not be an overtly conscious decision, just something that develops over time. In a society that's free of governance, this is not necessarily easy, but there are a number of barriers that are removed. Should this man be clever and capable, and a little bit lucky, they could find a way to gain a certain level of ownership over that resource, and by extension the people who rely on it. If that group has created a system for itself, which always seems to happen eventually, whatever impetus they have to go against this person whose seized power may be drowned out by necessity. Never forget the power of necessity. I don't think you're one of these people at all, but I often hear about government in this place as if it's the only source of coercion and that coercion always implies physical violence. But there are many many kinds of violence. 
Anyone in power becomes the defacto form of governance. No longer chosen by the people through some kind of system acknowledging the larger will of the group in matters of necessity, we have now gone back to a feudal system. People will naturally organize themselves into lords and their vassals. No one will call themselves that, but that's what they'll be.
Remember, it's not as if corporations have never engaged in their own violent action or espionage on competitors. I understand that you are saying people would simply resolve these issues themselves, but once an organization hits a certain size they may be unstoppable. Too large to be resisted. There is nothing to stop wars from occurring in this society free of an overarching governing body. In current society, we have plenty of examples of bad behavior by resource controllers. Think of Ecuador and what Chevron got away with doing. Neither law nor popular opinion will harm them because most people they serve are not directly and personally affected by what they've done. These kinds of things won't stop in the world that your philosophy as I understand it envisions. Or would you mean we might be able to stop that through governance by unpaid elected officials or by direct voting on issues using the protocol we're all here to gush over, or an improved version of it? That MIGHT work, but it depends on whether or not two sufficiently large populations collect the willpower to engage in massive violent action against another large group, or even a collection of smaller populations. Because this system still provides for unchecked amassing of ownership, war cannot be avoided, either at a large or a small scale. 
Someone who raises the power to control one area will usually seek to control more. That in and of itself is not bad, but a percentage of those people will usually turn to violence where they can get away with it. It may be environmental destruction, or it may be the corruption or degradation of local structures (as in government, but also any kind of community, really). Even if you use a new form of legality to form agreements non-violently, that doesn't mean that you've brought a real kind of peace. The world will still be manipulated by people who desire ownership, and because of that, they will eventually bump heads with people like themselves. 
I think I'm off to go do some writing. Thanks again!
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:38:21
It says he called them as soon as she knocked on the door, if I remember correctly. I don't remember it going into much detail after that.
I don't have a problem with the fact that she was undeterred by the calling of the police. If a journalist were at a protest, I wouldn't want them to run at the sight of flashing lights. This isn't a protest scenario, but it's still journalistic activity which means doing what you can to investigate your subject. Clearly nothing resembling violence occurred (and if it did, I expect someone would be able to find out), otherwise I don't think the police would have been conversational (I'm not going to assume she made up all of her quotes). 
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:56:26
They can. And they will. And banks will absolutely take part in it.
Contracts are not new things, no matter how "smart" you make them. Escrow definitely isn't new. And Bitcoin 2.0 isn't going to replace people needing to go to an institution to receive a loan for money that they don't have. Putting all those not-new things together with a new transaction system just doesn't constitute a revolution for me, sorry. It is not going to end the government, and it's not going to change the order of society. It's just not. 
Unless bitcoins autonomously relocate themselves from one wallet to another in order to maintain an exact monetary equilibrium based on need, the haves will still have, and the have-nots will still have-not. Last I checked, bitcoins are inanimate digital objects that have no choice in what people do with them, so I'm pretty sure nothing will change other money being easier to move around. 
@_date: 2014-04-20 15:15:56
So then the problem isn't with government at all. After all, governments try to take steps to curb our negative social appetites like racism, even when they're making mistakes at the same time. What you are saying is the problem is not government. It's corruption. It's with violent people seeking to gain power. Funny how they won't stop doing that just because there's no government around. 
It's extremely weird to me that it's only racism that has leached into government that bothers you and not the actual racism experienced and expressed by private individuals which occurs equally as often, with varying degrees of intensity depending where you are.
You think if the government disappeared, every racist cop would suddenly not be racist? We'd all just start holding hands and singing of the glorious downfall of the government. Suddenly, we'd all morph into the most perfect versions of ourselves?
I think you are mistaken.
EDIT: Words.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:20:43
I've never paid for any. I work at a cloud mining company and they gave me a free contract. It's basically nothing (40 GH/s), but I've gotten about .25 BTC out of it over the past few months. 
I haven't bought any BTC myself. Don't really have the extra money for it. If the price keeps dropping, I may sink an extra $100-200 into it. I really want to save up for a Cintiq though, so it'll completely depend on which one of my impulses wins out (side-note: if anyone knows of a store where you can purchase a Cintiq at a discount for using BTC, I'd be happy to hear about it). 
@_date: 2014-08-25 17:58:07
Oh good. Another lobbyist group. That's great. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:53:32
If you are not capable of responding to an argument without resorting to partisan insults, please do not bother to pretend you are participating in the discussion. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:53:10
A journalists job is to uncover information and present it to people. She did her job, and her role was fulfilled. Just because you guys don't want anyone to know about him doesn't make you right or justified. If Nakamoto were some shifty banker, we'd all be applauding her efforts. 
I want more people like her, and I want them to be willing to go after much bigger fish than Nakamoto. 
I say props to her for doing her fucking job. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 22:15:21
It doesn't matter if it happened prior to the order. If they gave out the key to some guy who will start moving money even though they are under court order, then they are not properly controlling their own assets, making them grossly incompetent. Before or after makes no difference in whether or not they'd be considered idiots. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:29:49
[Are you feeling repressed?](
@_date: 2014-02-13 15:40:59
So what you're saying is that regulations will actually boost bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:46:26
That's not a very good analogy. Also, don't get me wrong. I am actually a hermit myself, so I understand wanting your privacy.
But I have a feeling nobody is going to bother the guy. Has Mark Karpeles been murdered yet? And yet reddit is terrified that one of the masses will steal all of Nakamoto's shit (highly unlikely).
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:01:00
So, like, every soldier ever also, right?
Let's kill 'em all. That's the best solution to all problems. Burn them with fire. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:35:03
And why do we assume that this is going to happen to this old guy? If you're so worried, why don't you go do something about it.
I suggest all concerned redditors hold a candle-light vigil in his honor in front of his house. Bring your guns so you can protect him personally.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:59:36
Maybe, maybe not. We don't really know anything about him, and maybe he does call the cops on everyone who comes to inquire about Bitcoin. But, again, I doubt the police would've been cordial if she were violent. I also doubt she would've stuck around to see them if she was really being that vicious or engaging in real harassment (being kind of annoyed at someone showing up at your door isn't harassment, otherwise I'd have to call the cops every time the little girl next door bothered me for some school fundraiser). 
There's no way to really say for certain on that one, but I don't really see any evidence of actual harassment. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:49:42
You can't pretend that voluntary doesn't mean voluntary just because the system joined has a clear component of power. That's like saying people who like to be the sub in a dom/sub relationship are not actually volunteering to be paddled.
Some people like it. ;)
Besides, people absolutely will volunteer not to have responsibility over things that they don't care to think about most of the time, which is what government is all about. "I need to get to work today, but I don't want to build a road myself. Oh, look, there's this body of people who collect money so that they can build things like this. I volunteer for that. Oh, now I have a road and can easily get from point A to B. I didn't even have to do anything except give someone my money and agree not to be an asshole on threat of punishment (suckers, I wasn't planning on being an asshole anyway). This is awesome." 
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:13:05
Not when you eat at McDonalds. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:23:38
So is Satoshi Nakamoto. For basically the same reason, even (inventors; one of which innovated in a way that changed the world, the other having created something that it appears may change the world). 
Just because he doesn't want to be doesn't mean he's not. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 23:29:43
All money, fiat or otherwise, is a tool for trade. They are all imaginary constructs. None of them actually have any value at all except the value we pretend they have. That includes bitcoin.
If actual fiat is dumbass confetti, so is bitcoin. So welcome to the dumbass party you fucking dumbass.
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:25:58
I'm not saying that I could create a better system, certainly not by myself, but I also don't think that darwinism is a valid method of resolving society's ills. 
I don't actually believe that Bitcoin will make as many changes as people assume it will (not alone), nor do I completely trust the system as it's currently maintained (since when did Bitcoin become my lord and master?). I'm not trying to convince you of anything, I'm just voicing my concerns here, so I hope you don't mind me explaining.
The thing is, whatever it is that you believe, there are seven billion people on Earth, and 100% of those people disagree with you about one thing or another at any given time. Most people have issues with government. Most people have issues with the weather and dating too. Most people won't respond to those problems by saying, "Oh, well, I'll just build a weather machine," or "oh, I'll just build myself the perfect human" What I'm saying is that what we're discussing here is waaaaaaaaaay out of the box for the majority of humans. 
So with that in mind, you have to be willing to address people's concerns with real answers. What you've said is essentially "things will resolve themselves." But things don't just resolve themselves. 
In what I've read about smart contracts, they allow the automated execution of certain clauses of contracts, but that's not dispute resolution, which was question. Can you explain how smart contracts resolve disputes? Enforcement isn't just ticking a box on a form. There may be physical assets involved, and people should still have legal recourse if they elected not to use an escrow system. How do you deal with that unless you have actual rules that apply to everyone and people to enforce them? (I'm genuinely asking this; I'm curious to know your thoughts.)
@_date: 2014-02-21 19:36:26
Fair; thank you for including that. 
I actually don't believe in money as a concept at all. I think it creates a divisive proxy for value that is too easily manipulated and generates inequality that leads to wage slavery.
But it's a useful tool to society, so I abide it, the same way I abide governments. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 21:49:57
It's not something you want to happen, but that doesn't mean it's not possible. Something tells me that any regulations for Bitcoin will apply to all virtual currencies. Not only that, but average people aren't going to get on a rage bandwagon and abandon it just because Bitcoin becomes centrally controlled. Whatever libertarians believe, most people don't actually have a problem with things being stable and convenient, which is what Bitcoins will be once regulated and generally controlled. That means it would hold it's value and continue it's use. You can go for other altcoins, but that doesn't mean they'll be as useful as the main one that all the banks are propping up for the average person to use.
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:55:04
Nooooooo, all governance is a vile trick perpetrated on unwilling and unbenefiting masses in service to those with power! Fuck you and the infrastructure you rode in on!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:36:47
Add shipping, and possibly taxes depending on where they are. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 16:59:03
You're right, I'm sorry. I got you confused with Throwahoymatie.
Although you also put words in my mouth, so all of my points stand.
All of you libertarians and democrats and republicans. You're each part of a tribe that narrowly focuses in on one viewpoint and then decides it's better than everyone else's. Then you all group together into one subreddit so you can all suck each other's dicks. I'm sorry that sometimes people are wrong and that you guys (libertarians in this case) are people. 
Have fun continuing your circlejerk. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:08:59
That is very well said. Although I am not of the belief that governing bodies are inherently violent, I have to agree on the point of deciding when regulation is a worthy idea.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:14:34
 But everyone does seem to be assuming it will happen, and assuming that this woman was maliciously attempting to harm this man, when that clearly was not the case. 
The posting of the address was uncool. The assumption of monstrous intent such that some people are advocation the destruction of this entire woman's life and career? Also way uncool. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 22:34:49
Most people use normal banks, so they're already pretty comfortable with this.
Not saying that that's ok. Just that most people are so used to it that it's not an issue for them. That, and quite frankly, I trust CoinBase a billion times more than I would've trusted Mt. Gox. They haven't demonstrated nearly that level of incompetence from what I can see.
If BTC wallet providers end up FDIC insured at some point, then nobody is going to care about taking care of their own private keys anymore than most currently care about securing cash in a mattress. It's just more convenient for most people. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:05:26
Oh, that's totally fair. I'm just saying a general sub is much more likely to see general questions than an advanced or veteran sub. 
The issue of where all the discussion is happening is a big thing though, you're right. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:11:32
Because that is the most famous example of poor behavior blamed on hierarchical command, and it's the one that is most often insinuated or stated outright by the comment you made.  
Just because you weren't explicit in phrasing doesn't mean the insinuation of misconduct wasn't there. It obviously was. Everyone is aware of the implication you were making, even if you weren't thinking about Nazi's specifically, and my use of that as an example doesn't invalidate the complete and utter relevance of my response to you.  
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:55:15
Given how the market has behaved with all the deregulation over the past 30 years, I don't trust it even a tiny little bit. But the human capacity for innovation is pretty great. Even if it takes a long time, we're good at coming up with solutions in aggregate (I mean, we have technologies now that were only just being imagined 15 to 20 years ago, and we come up with solutions much faster than we used to as well). 
I can't decide if this outlook makes me an optimist or a cynic. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 16:09:22
"Customer Relations" at a Bitcoin mining start-up company. And by that I mean customer service.
In my off time, I draw, write, paint, and otherwise artistically occupy myself. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 16:43:06
What you're saying still doesn't make sense. If a group has the power to coerce the government into using coercion on others, then (again) THE STATE CANNOT AT ANY POINT HAVE A TRUE MONOPOLY ON COERCIVE POWER OR FORCE. Your fear is unfounded. It's not real. 
There's always going to be a group of people in charge. That's part of how humanity works because we're not all supermen. When we live in a magical world where all people everywhere are perfect examples of the human species, we can live without government. Until then, it's just going to keep naturally existing.
And companies don't need government to intrude on our lives. Using psychology to manipulate people into doing what they want. That makes it better, because they convinced you to agree by using your own mind against you? Everyday they collect just a little more data about us. When they do it, we shrug and say "well, this is how it works." And when the US government does it? We scream and cry. Because we have that right, to tear them down. That's built into this government at least. How terribly has that ruined relations between countries? A lot, because it's a shitty thing to do. But it's ok if you're doing it just for money. That's fine.
You're bullshitting. You're not making any sense. Have you ever had a gun to your head? Never once, I bet. And yet you use tired cliched descriptions about cold steel to pretend you actually have something to be afraid of.
This is not the Ukraine. We are not under siege. If you actually had something to worry about, it would be obvious and I would have nothing to argue about with you. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:03:49
In what way is his life now ruined? Did someone go to his house and murder him already? Steal everything he has?
Nothing his happened other than a probably annoying article. That is not grounds for one's life being called ruined. If that's what you think a ruined life looks like, then you have experienced nothing. 
(Edit: Jesus, auto-correct). 
@_date: 2014-04-02 00:15:17
Except for all those other differences I mentioned, yeah it's just that he used the word dollar. Sure.
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:27:31
I edited my last comment to apologize for being a bitch at the end. 
Anyway, that whole conversation got away. May the next one be better!
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:36:29
There are a lot of assumptions you have to make to believe that his life is going to be threatened. Someone has to know what Bitcoin is. They have to have seen this article. They have to have a means to get to him, and presumably they have to be the most ungrateful people in the world. They may have to research what Bitcoin is extensively if they don't know, because just hearing "$400 million dollars in the form of Bitcoins" might be the same as saying someone has "$400 million worth of flash drives". They have to know enough for that valuation to be meaningful, and also have to believe it's something worth stealing or that they're capable of stealing. Stealing $400 million isn't something people just engage in willynilly.
Then they have to determine what kind of wallet he has. They also have to make a judgement call about whether or not he keeps the wallet in his home in the first place. Or is it even a physical wallet? How do you know he doesn't have a brain wallet? 
There are too many unknowns. I'm not disputing that someone out there might be crazy enough to do it. I'm just saying if someone IS crazy enough to do it, they have to be willing to do a lot of research and be ready for a huge number of unknowns. I don't believe some stupid thug is just gonna hear a number and then go apeshit on some old guy. 
I'm not arguing that posting the address was anything other than a shitty thing to do (although I never saw it, I only saw the picture of his house, which I don't think is something fair to get angry over), I'm arguing that the likelihood of attack is low, and that this woman wasn't doing something maliciously. It was just stupid. 
And that's assuming anyone actually believes he's the real Nakamoto in the first place. Plenty of people still don't. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:03:11
She's not a nazi. She's not putting people in a gas chamber, not even metaphorically. Journalists are meant to investigate. It is absolutely right for her to do her job. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 21:33:23
I always thought it was adorable that anyone ever believed otherwise. As if the world's most powerful people are just gonna let that slide. 
No. Obviously. You can say "There's nothing they can do about it!" all you want, and you'd be wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:12:37
I'm going to confine my response to a single post. No need for us to have two separate conversations. 


In what way is it backwards? If there is no governing body setting rules, then financial institutions don't need to corrupt anything because they can already do whatever the hell they want anyway. Saying it's backwards makes no sense. You'll need to explain that further for me. 


Being a set of legal propositions doesn't stop it from being an -ism, and all -isms are given to creating tribal divisions. I'm aware that it is the tribe you have chosen to join.


This is exactly the kind of divisive, absolutist statement that I am trying to tell you cannot possibly be true, and my existence is a case in point. You are putting your tribe on a pedestal and saying you hope that everyone eventually believes the world should work exactly the way you believe it should work.
No one is 100% right 100% of the time. Libertarians and the creators of bitcoin included. It's a flaw in being born as human beings.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:17:08
I'm not conflating anything at all. If anything, it appears you are conflating "bad regulations" with "all regulations." I said that regulations that make sense (generally ones that rise out of necessity), are good. I'm not sure where anything about rural people is coming from or how that relates to anything I've said thus far at all. I even went back to the posts prior to that, and I have no idea why you're bringing up people moving from rural areas to cities for their own benefit. 
You seem to be misunderstanding me and assuming that I mean all regulations are good. Never said that. At any point. 
What organizations are governments requiring people to join (genuine question, since I'm not actually certain what you're referring to)? Not unions. Per the National Labor Relationships Act, Union membership is literally never required, although industries that aren't in right to work states may require all workers to pay union dues (which they do because whether you participate in the union or not, you're going to benefit from the bargaining they do- benefits you will never ever get in a right to work state). That's not the government though, that's people of a different organization and very specific LACK of regulation on the part of the government to prevent unions from requiring this. Is that what you're referring to? 
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:49:06
Please see the edit to my original post.
@_date: 2014-04-07 22:30:19
Oh, anyone who doesn't masturbate to the non-revolution that is bitcoin is a statist sheeple moron. I guess I'll just shut up then.
May all of your problems dissolve in a magical libertarian state of utopia. I look forward to absolute personal freedom and the rule of selfishness over all. I'm sure everything will work out. 
EDIT: Just because someone doesn't wholly agree with everything you say doesn't make them a "statist" (which is libertarian speak for an idiot, so fuck you for that).
@_date: 2014-02-07 15:55:50


Led to my sarcastic response that being a big baby is a great way to change the world.


Led to my sarcastic response that I am somehow delusional enough to think I am more powerful than I am. 
What I'm saying is that you're not adding anything to conversation at all. Obviously regulations can overreach. Do you think I'm so retarded that I didn't even bother reading the OP's post about these shitty stupid regulations?
Well, I did read them. Why don't you get back to me with something worth responding to. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 19:30:35
Those security holes were created by those financial institutions. Yes, government has problems- it's run by humans which makes it corruptible, just like anything else that has anything to do with humans. At no point did I disagree with that.
I'm saying that just because someone is not a libertarian does not mean they disagree with using Bitcoin. I'm not going to argue with you about why I personally think libertarianism is stupid and childish. It's not relevant to my original statement.  
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:43:53
Oh, I'm sorry. I must have had my soda spiked with some hard drugs because apparently I sound like I think I'm a member of congress. How many laws did I say I was going to personally write and get passed? Shit, that's so embarrassing. Please forgive me.
Also, when something sucks, clearly the thing to do is bitch and moan about how shit didn't go your way and then give up and make fun of anyone who tries to improve things. With this logic, we can surely change the whole world!
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:24:50
I'll check that out when I get off work, thanks!
Still, the concept doesn't appeal ONLY to libertarians. I'm definitely not a libertarian, but I still think Bitcoin is something extremely useful for moving humanity forward into a global age. 
I appreciate your responses. I just wanted the libertarians of Bitcoin to remember that not everyone is a libertarian and they are definitely not the only people who think this is a worthwhile technology. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:43:03
Also (and sorry about replying to this twice; if you want to reply, feel free to stick to a single comment response so we don't make a mess). 
I just realized after rereading your comment.... I'm going to replace a single word in your first paragraph and maybe you'll see a bit of where I'm coming from where government is concerned.


@_date: 2014-07-21 15:02:03
If something has to go to deepweb to continue existing, it hasn't survived. It has gone from being a glorious tree to being a piece of lichen clinging to a rock. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:02:57
Simple is nice. But those would still be regulations, regardless of how simple they are.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:32:02
What makes this a witch hunt other than the paranoia of the Bitcoin community? No one wants the man dead, and he worked for the government. If they wanted him dead, it would be done by now.
She probably could've done without posting pictures of the house, although even that is sort of bullshit. Plenty of celebrities make their homes visible to the public, and yet the Kardashians live. 
I just think everyone's being really childish about this. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:20:56
You said the words, "the market always solved it by itself." drisd was not addressing the technical aspect of your statement, he was addressing the blind faith in the market aspect of your statement.
Technically applied regulations are still regulations. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 18:10:55
That's still speculation at this point. Until we receive reports about what sort of regulations will actually be on the table, notions that it will ruin the entire virtual currency world is pretty much founded on libertarian paranoia and the past experiences of shady fucks on Wall Street.
I'd like to see what regulations are actually proposed before speculating on how that regulation would affect Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:39:31
Ok, but you haven't proposed any medicine. You've proposed nothing at all, and are essentially advocating not testing a proposed medicine because you think it sounds icky. 
If these regulations (which don't actually exist, by the way) are a medicine, then there needs to be a testing phase. If you refuse to do any testing, you'd be an anti-vax nut, wouldn't you?
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:30:05
Seeing as plenty of investment firms are already getting in on this, I assume that they don't believe this will be difficult for them.
They are probably right. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 19:09:26
No, actually, I don't smoke 2 packs a day or lecture people on healthy living. I do neither of those things. But I still disagree with you and think you're making polarizing statements because you think you're right about the whole world. 
All I said is, "there are people who don't think like you and the world isn't black and white the way you're painting it to be."
But I guess the world is black and white. Sorry. My mistake. You're right about everything all the time. Every time. 100%. Government is evil, Satoshi Nakamoto hated it, and anyone who thinks government is fine hates both Bitcoins and Freedom. Obviously. Must be lynched. I'll be waiting for you and the noose since I am so clearly a hater of independence and liberty and all those other fancy buzzwords you like. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:38:57
Yeah, what's so important about this money that you're willing to kill or be killed for it? Because based on Throwahoymatie's responses, he'd happily let these signatories die just for some cash. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 19:46:39
Decent quote. Too bad Ayn Rand is a batshit hypocrite, since she sometimes made good points. 
The pitfalls of being an extremist, I guess. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:50:11
Aha, I see. That statement was included in your post as something we should be "considering" for why there's no need to be overly concerned about the current technical limitation. The tense doesn't really change the context, so without a qualifying statement about how market reliability will change in the future, I can see why drisd (and myself) got confused. 
Thanks for clarifying!
@_date: 2014-03-30 00:16:16
Reputation systems do not guarantee the failure of bad actors, and even if they do, they are not a protection for others from that failure. Major companies piss people off every day and continue existing. All that means is that companies without any regulatory guidance can scam a bunch of people as long as they keep enough of them happy that potential customers/clients aren't swayed. Companies spend millions of dollars engineering their reputations. 
Bitcoin companies seem to keep fucking up catastrophically left and right. The Bitcoin userbase has been made up of vocal libertarians, but that's not going to be the case forever. Normal people are going to join in on this too, and they'll want guarantees and protections, not the argument that the reputation fairies of the bitcoin community will bestow success in a meritocratic fashion. 
@_date: 2014-04-20 15:04:43
Both of those are equally scary things. Lynchings are real. When government can't or won't do what violent hate-filled people want, they have been known to do it themselves. Just because it doesn't happen as often doesn't mean it doesn't happen at all or that all of the violence committed by private individuals throughout history has been erased. That's really grasping and kind of delusional.
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:32:51
Calm down. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:48:11
Congratulations on your ability to use logic. I signed up for bitcointip just to give you this, so let me know if it doesn't work properly. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:48:57
And your response is "replace the bandage with nothing and the wound will just go away."
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:58:11
You mean the industrial revolution where we had to establish safety regulations that businesses were required to follow or where workers unions were established to protect the rights of workers by advocating changes including the previously mentioned regulations?
@_date: 2014-04-09 17:56:22
I didn't say it was entirely wanted. I said it's what's going to happen because it will offer more stability than the current form of Bitcoin, and because most people don't care enough to agree with you guys that regulation is bad.
Also, I don't own anything when it comes to money, and neither do most other people. I temporarily possess an imaginary store of value which I will then trade for something else that I actually want. As long as this process is smooth and causes me no undue trouble, I don't really give a shit what goes on in between.
@_date: 2014-02-07 23:35:17
That sounds a lot like nonsense surrounding a vague and not particularly accurate insult. 
Everything in the world exerts force on everything else. The government has no monopoly on force. It's literally impossible for them to have a monopoly on force. Any sufficiently organized group can rise to challenge government force. That's why revolutions happen. Because it is literally impossible for governments to have a true monopoly on force.
Force is not something that exists as a finite resource and is not inherently violent. It can be generated through passion or ill will. It can be repulsive or it can be seductive (or it can be both at once). And force can be directed against the very people you claim to have a "monopoly" on force. Hell, if anything, I could argue that the seductive financial force of Wall Street is what has subjugated the will of the government and twisted it into something you don't particularly like. If anything, it seems to me that you're the one saluting the arsonists.  
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:10:04
It is revolutionary in terms of transacting. Transferring money from one place to another will be cheaper and freer. Also, this isn't revolution if we're using the terms you describe. People used to be able to (and still can) transact in cash without a banking entity watching over the shoulder. How do you think people pay for drugs?
But it doesn't mean that the kinds of transactions that occur will be any different from what they are today. People will still need loans, people will still seek out interest gathering accounts that banks provide, investors will still trade on stock exchanges, etc etc etc. The ease of using money will not change WHY we use money in the first place.
Bitcoin only solves one problem. It is not a magic bullet for all of the world's ills, because it is still money. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:43:56
See my previous analogy for why her circumstances indicate that should could not remain unbiased or objective. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:50:27
I would say claiming harassment with very little evidence of such constitutes libel at least, which would be an attack. Again, it says he called as soon as she showed up the first time, so the assumption that she hung around harassing him for days is already contradicted by the article. Dorian has never come out to claim she was harassing him, even though he has contradicted her interpretation of the interview and made other statements about the article, so you sill have very little basis for that. There's been no animosity or claims of misconduct by the actual involved parties that I've seen. All the douchebaggery surrounding this whole thing seems to be generated by reddit itself. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:46:17
Ok. There seems to be a misunderstanding here. Did I not use the word "shitty" to describe your list? Because that was how I view those rules. They are shitty.
Again, how does this negate the efficacy of any and all regulation everywhere ever? Because that's very specifically what I argued against. 
I can't help it if people are willfully misunderstanding me. If people wanna downvote me for being acerbic, that's fine. Just don't put words in my mouth.
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:44:50
Give me a point about the ideology and I'll debate it with you. If you bring something up specifically, I will tell you one way or the other whether I think that thing is wrong. But overall, I don't trust Ayn Rand, so I don't care to blanket agree with every little thing she has to say just because I may agree with one or two statements she's made. Nor should I be required to.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:20:31
What does the poll define as understanding? It's easy to understand what Bitcoin is as a concept, the same way it's easy to understand what cash is as a concept. You don't need to know the technical aspects to understand bitcoin as a functional utility anymore than the average person needs to understand complex financial instruments in order to buy a cheeseburger. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:55:19
Satoshi Nakamoto is a public figure. This man called the cops because he didn't want to talk, but then he let a reporter into his home and said a bunch of questionable shit that implied he was Nakamoto for more reasons than his matching name. 
If you say you are Satoshi Nakamoto, you get what's coming to you. That's what happens when you behave duplicitously. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:58:29
Maybe, but a global currency is going to require regulation. When I say require, I mean that in the sense that human nature does not abide that much disorder. Governments will regulate, and the only thing we can do is either accept it wholesale, or make sure those regulations are sensible.
Retreating to the deepnet is not survival. It's hearing your alarm clock sound and then retreating to the comfort of darkness instead of adjusting to the light. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:32:28
Honestly though, there are a lot of differences between von NotHaus and Bitcoin. That guy was deliberately creating a fake US currency (including references to the US that appear on real coins) that he centrally controlled. The Bitcoin network, on the other hand, is completely decentralized and does not imitate any one currency. 
If he were trying to create a global currency that doesn't directly compete with the current Federal currency, he might have slid by. But he didn't do that. He basically made counterfeit money with Ron Paul's face on it. What makes some nutter more trustworthy as an issuer of a centralized currency than the government? Nothing. 
We don't need to fragment our fiat systems. It defeats all of the advantages that we gained from having government issued fiat in the first place (and whether you're willing to admit it or not, we did gain advantages from having a universal currency within the borders of our respective nations). 
That guy is in idiot, is what I'm saying.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:02:37
I assume they sell quality pipes and other paraphernalia. :P
@_date: 2014-06-24 20:29:20
Fast food seems to just keep getting worse and worse. I've lived off of it my entire life, but apparently I'm getting too old for that. The bowel movements I've had.... Ugh. 
So I guess I'm ok with the portions getting smaller. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:16:48
I was reading yesterday, and I've seen a few things today about an anonymous internet account posting that Dorian is not the real Satoshi, which is meaningless because for all you know, he posted that himself out of annoyance. I'm not sure what point you're making here. It has nothing to do with him being a public figure and what that means in relation to him claiming to be one. You have literally no idea what the "real" Satoshi would do. 
Dorian claimed and then backpedaled on being the public figure in question, so what happens to him is his own doing (not that I expect or wish any harm upon him; I still maintain my strong doubts that anything is going to happen to him other than being hounded by press for a couple of weeks and promptly forgotten). He could've denied her statements from the very beginning, he could've had the police escort her from his property, he could have done a lot of things. 
If you have a question or an actual point, please make it. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:26:29
How about this: the current financial industry is not just going to watch bitcoin happen. They're going to get in on that shit, because that shit is poised to eventually make a lot of money.
The financial industry has not been known these last 35 years or so to be that great at honesty.
That's going to be reason enough for a regulating body. And the early bird catches the worm, as they say.
EDIT: Fixed a word what was grammatically wrong-like. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 18:42:29
You can't blame that all on government. If you look at the demographics, it's pretty clear that that's racism inherent in the system. Racism doesn't come from governance. It comes from ignorance and bigotry. You can't disregard the actual events of history on this one, and racism has existed throughout all walks of life. It is not something invented by government to control people.
There are many good examples of bureaucracy and authority handling things badly, but this one is too socially complex to simply blame on government and call it a day.  
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:27:09
Free will is not affected by outside factors. You may be persuaded to do something that you wouldn't want to do otherwise, but it's still ultimately your choice whether or not to do that thing. Or are you saying that people are not always responsible for their own actions? 
Being coerced doesn't remove your will from existence. There may be consequences for your actions, but that's true of any decision regardless of whether or not coercion is a factor.
Therefore I maintain that you can be in a coercive situation but still exercise your own will regardless of those circumstances. 
I'm not sure if you meant to respond twice. If this answer doesn't suffice for your other post, please let me know. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 19:58:02
She was a hypocrite and a liar. Her views were an extreme one developed by living in Soviet Russia.
She gladly took her Social Security handouts while calling everyone else doing the same "moochers", as you so lovingly put it. 
It's impossible to discuss someone's ideas and views without also understanding their life at least to some extent. You can't say "attack her" and "attack her ideas" as if they are completely mutually exclusive. She was heartfelt, at least, so some of the time she was even on the mark. She believed that all human selfishness, that the impetus to work for oneself and only oneself, is a valid way for society to function. This is because she suffered terribly under authoritarian socialism (communism). Her suffering directly impacted her views in a horrifyingly extreme way. 
If I spent my life being raped repeatedly by men, I would also probably be pretty fucked up in the head. But it wouldn't mean I'd be right if I said "All men are vile rapists who should be skewered and burned." 
EDIT: Some responses have brought up that she was "forced" to take social security and medicare. She was in no way forced to do this. She chose to based on the advice of her lawyer because without it, she would not have survived as long as she did. She did not earn enough money to pay both for her life and her medical expense. Had she been as principled as has been claimed, she would've just let herself die of the lung cancer that she brought on herself a bit earlier. Instead, she took the help that was available to her in spite of her misgivings. She directly benefited from the program, regardless of whether or not she agreed with its existence, which still makes her a hypocrite.
@_date: 2014-04-08 01:33:29
I never said that it needed to be controlled. You imagined that and then foisted your imaginary argument that I wasn't making on me.
I said I didn't think you were correct that it was uncontrollable.
It doesn't bother me at all to think that money should be uncontrolled. It bothers me that you're a fucking asshole who dismissed everything I said without even understanding it or possibly even considering that maybe you were being a bit too optimistic about your views taking supremacy over the passions and viewpoints of everyone else in the world. The people who have power now are not just going to cede power, and most people don't care enough about this issue to take it from them.
If I'm mad, it's because you're being pig headed. It would be great if you were right, I just don't think you are. Perhaps if you could make a convincing argument instead of calling me a statist and ignoring the content of my post, I wouldn't be so annoyed right now.