@_author: alacrity1
@_date: 2013-03-21 04:44:41
Bitcoin companies are indeed very small.  I believe coinlab, which will likely become the biggest exchange, has a seed investment of half a million dollars; a small sum in the world of finance.
The danger here is that a prosecutor can push around such small companies with large, potential court fines.  
I'm sorry that you have a sockpuppet stalker.
@_date: 2013-03-21 04:21:04
I was considering adding a moral dimension, such as +R, or a "Huzzah!" factor, but decided against it because it would imply that you could go to trial, and potentially wind up better off than you were before.  It would almost be like being prosecuted could make you better off!  I decided to stick with profit maximization.
Edit: Hmmm, on a second reading, I think my answer here is incomplete (or off-base).
Generally, when I think of a firm going to trial, like intrade, I think the financial value of the precedent = 0.  A bitcoin precedent might be a bit different, though.  A court legitimizing bitcoin might send the value sky-rocketing!
In general, my assumption is that the government will prosecute in a way that maximizes their advantage, which means setting the financial value of a precedent, or other side effect, to zero.  Given the many financial laws, I think there are plenty of ways to go about doing that depending on the target.  
You are 100% correct about Kim Dotcoms and Pirate Bays.  My main concern though is for the Coinlabs and BitInstants.
This was an incredibly bright comment given a mere hour after I released this article in the wild.  Jesset, I sort of get the feeling that you were the smartest kid in your classroom =D.
@_date: 2013-03-21 04:58:59
Wow, you have no idea how much that means to me.  Thank you!
@_date: 2013-04-01 06:18:51
Hmmm, that should work:
@_date: 2013-03-21 04:31:12
Thanks to anyone who read my article.  It looks like I will be delegated to a tiny corner of the internet.  I hope everything turns out okay for bitcoin, and I suppose the knowledge that my warning is 'out there' is good enough for me to sleep comfortably at night.
@_date: 2013-03-21 04:57:45
Math is cool, brah!
@_date: 2013-04-01 02:49:19
hmm, investment adviced based on the ... constitution...  Plus some weird conspiracy theory about Bitcoin being a trojan horse for getting rid of article 8...
I think this guy might have lost it...
@_date: 2013-03-22 03:38:45
I'm focusing on instances where the prosecutor is the DoJ, CTFC, SEC etc.  In these instances, legal teams from those agencies bring civil penalties:
I'm sort of leaning towards your line of thinking on public opinion right now.  My analysis rests on the idea that a prosecutor will bring charges against Bitcoin.  But prosecutors are humans; and they are somewhat bound by the political system.  Public opinion in favor of bitcoin might be a powerful check.
So in the back of my mind, I'm hoping that Bitcoin growth might explode to the point where shutting down firms would be so outrageous that no prosecutor would attempt it. 
With that hope, there are things I keep in mind.  First, Intrade was a highly visible firm: it was mentioned on TV all the time (hardball, etc.) and had been around for years.  Yet, the CTFC basically shut down intrade in america regardless (but after the election, likely to reduce visibility, confirming public opinion as a check).
Second, public opinion on bitcoin firms, and what the DoJ does to them, is likely going to be tied to bitcoin.  I'm not sure how the media, instrumental in guiding public opinion, is going to handle bitcoin going forward.  They might do the currency of the future bit, but I have this terrible feeling that, left to their own devices, the stories are going to be more FUD: "Bitcoin, the currency that lets terrorist anonymously turn your kids into lampshades."  Putting a positive take on Bitcoin out there should be a priority for the Bitcoin foundation. 
Lastly, popular opinion might protect firms from shutting down, but the executive branch will continue to interpret existing law regarding bitcoin to their own interests.  That likely means putting all sorts of regulatory constraints on Bitfirms via weird legal interpretations, and bullying them into accepting with the threat of civil penalties.  Thus, it still seems worth it to take bitcoin out of its legal k-hole if possible.
Bitcoin right now is still reaalllly small, but exponential growth is what it is.  I'm hoping that public opinion will quickly reach a point that makes the governments actions, as you say, painfully public.