@_author: alanauctions
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:51:33
We are accepting BitCoin for a house we are selling and using CoinBase for that. We also use it to accept BitCoin at all of our live and online auctions. I look forward to the day that we do much more biz in BitCoin than we do in Credit cards and checks. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:38:30
Your search for an authentic Montana Home on 80 Acres, Amidst World Class Hunting &amp; Fishing, is over. You have found it, or maybe it has found you. You can now come and enjoy the quality of life in beautiful Southwest Montana. Montana is known as The Last Best Place and this property proves it, everyday.  This wonderful property includes a spacious 4624 Sq. Ft. home, with 3 bedrooms and 3 baths, seated on over 80 acres. A soothing and relaxing year round creek and several springs are located in the Tobacco Root Mountains overlooking the beautiful Ruby Valley. This home sits on 80 contiguous acres (4-20 acre parcels) in beautiful Southwest Montana. Log railing surrounds 1800 sq. ft. of south facing deck including a screened sitting and BBQ area for entertaining your friends and family or just enjoying a cozy moment for two.   There is also a 24' by 12' covered porch with absolutely gorgeous views of four of Montana's amazing mountain ranges. You new home features a custom rustic hickory kitchen and extra-large rooms everywhere so you and your loved ones can spread out Montana Style. You will definitely enjoy the large and rustic, 24'x40' vertical log recreation room, a 24'x18' master suite, and three walk-in closets with an additional 6 storage closets. This very low maintenance and energy efficient home is wired with 200 amp electrical service and can be heated with efficient propane or with 2 wood stoves that will heat the entire house.   The wildlife, views, smell of the great outdoors and the privacy can not be attained most places at any price, but here, there are amazing life enhancing bonuses such as-   A moose that calves every other year within 100 yards of the home.   Imagine the awe and wonder of sharing true Montana nature with your friends, family, and hunting buddies since wildlife surrounds the home.   From your deck, you can take in a deep, fresh breath of pure Montana air. From there and other parts of your property you will enjoy nature, as there are several elk, mule deer, moose, badger, red tail hawks, golden eagles, bald eagles, and more.   Your getaway is also located just 2 miles from the Beaverhead National Forest. The home is less than 2 hours travel time from Bozeman, Mt, the Beaverhead Rock of the Lewis and Clark Exploration, The World Class Big Sky Ski Resort, Bridger Bowl Ski Resort, Historic Virginia City, and Yellowstone National Park. A short drive (20-60 minutes) to world renowned fly fishing rivers including the Madison River, the Yellowstone River, the Gallatin River, and the Ruby River. A trophy elk was taken within 200 yards of the residence.   This property would be excellent as a private residence, a get a way destination or as a Real Montana Corporate Retreat House, considering it is an 80 Acre Property with Year Round Access.   AND IT IS ONLY- 90 miles from Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport, with direct flights from New York, Phoenix, Las Vegas and other major destinations. This property lends itself well to a skeet range, archery or for sighting in your firearms.  We invite you to come and join us in a private inspection by appointment or come to our OPEN HOUSE BBQ PARTY on Saturday, June 7th from Noon until 6 PM. You may want to make a weekend out of it by spending time in Virginia City, going fishing, riding ATVs or any of the other great outdoor activities this area offers.  
@_date: 2014-07-15 15:42:15
Cool conference idea! 