@_author: alanpoepups
@_date: 2019-10-10 17:48:40
Lol try Kzt to BTC on Google, you'll cream your pants.
@_date: 2019-12-23 19:56:45
Man it's your condescending as fuck tone that made me make that assertion and from what you have provided I stand by it.
What exactly are you trying to reference by linking that article about the legislation that they tried to pass?
It sure as hell does not answer the question posed in my previous reply. Just in practice how will they try to pin blame on a miner who has participated in btc block chain for a while and simultaneously exchanged it from various exchanges, direct ptp exchanges, online casinos, gifts  ect. Say he has 0.1 btc, of which half is still the vanilla pure btc from mining and the rest from multiple transactions throughout years of exchanges from various non mining sources. And throughout the years all of the blocks that miner participated in mining and their respective pool partners hashrate used to solve the block... Do you understand where I'm going with this. freaking God knows by this time. 
The prosecutor would have to go through both miner, all associated senders/recepients of said miner, through all the miners on a public pool, responsible for supplying the hashrate for solving blocks with said miner, on top of backlogging all of the non mining btcs, To prove what exactly?
The article you've supplied clearly talks about people scammed by shitcoin ICOs and shitcoin mining and how to protect them under the law.
Stop speaking in vague and non specific terms. Prove me wrong with proper sources or at least sound logic referencing btc mining pools. 
Some participant of a pool in a given time when he was awarded part of the block that he provided hashrate for will be liable for what other miner would use his reward for? Even if it's tens if not hundreds of thousands different non related people/entities? Get out of here, give me sources for you claims.
@_date: 2019-12-23 09:07:31
Well miners for one. The one who mine and keep it, they are as pure as can be. Or at least the portion that they get to keep after paying all the bills.
@_date: 2019-12-26 18:33:31
The reason I've brought up Toyota is because similar "terrorist experts" claim that they support isis trough their vehicles. But exactly as you've pointed out, it's not because Toyota supports terrorists, it's because their Hilux trucks are that damn reliable.
It's funny because instead of linking some precedents of what you're taking about you're telling me to go to law school.
With that link, again, not the US legal system, it's you who is equating btc and mining with terrorism. You can say you're right as many times as you want, you're still wrong. 
"The Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act is a United States federal law that provides for extended criminal penalties and a civil cause of action for acts performed as part of an ongoing criminal organization"
You, let me state that again, you equate btc to criminal organization. If you can't see that I can't help you. Microsoft is accepting bitcoin, though I'm not seeing any lawsuits for supporting terrorism.
Nvidia, Bitmain and countless other asic companies are enablers of terrorism in your view. Let me state that again, absolutely ridiculous! Where are the lawsuits?
For delivery to US, according to the NY ruling N297495 ,
mining machine might be classified under 8543.70.9960
which contains a 2.6% import duty and tax plus an additional 25% import duty due to country of origin being made in China.
Why in the world would US customs allow import of asics if they viewed mining and miners as accomplices of terrorism?
Silk road market place? That was a big scale operation that US led, though I'm not seeing any miners getting arrested. Because that would be ridiculous. 
From our conversation where you've started going personal and I retaliated. It's not about being victim, which ironically you're playing right now, it's about one participant of a debate going personal and the other playing along. Like the law of force, you being an asshole opens up the road for the other side to be asshole to you. And man, at this point its not even an ad hominem when I say you're an insecure jackass. Sort your issues and stop spewing shit while beating yourself in the chest saying you're right. It's embarrassing.
@_date: 2019-12-25 02:04:07
Exactly, you have nothing, no precedent no sources, nothing. Go to law school ahhaha, classic. 
These issues of yours need to be sorted. I'm not playing a victim I'm saying your acting like an asshole and get called out on it.
My friends? Man you're an idiot.
Miner participating in pool where terrorists mine de facto makes him an accomplice? Yeah, get lost. By that logic Toyota is helping terrorists because they are using their trucks, ridiculous. These deep rooted issues of yours, you should work on them.
And the general axiom of this conversation was a troubled man seeking validation ranting on about terrorism, that's was I've got out of it.
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:38:55
Listen man, the 1 Satoshi or whatever amount of btc I own is not related to the other miners of the pool.
If you continue to state that please give me you're sources. I may change my mind since I'm not asserting my knowledge of the US legal system but so far, you are just stating your opinion as far as I'm concerned. 
The part of the block that a miner is responsible for and got compensation in the form of btc from that block is not related to the other members of the pool in a legally binding way, especially the way you phrased it. If I'm wrong please provide sources. 
And man, if you're trying to say it was me who started getting personal, just check who started going through who's post and brought it up. I was just staying on the subject.
@_date: 2019-12-23 17:21:27
Listen man, you're so wrong it's laughable
Me and almost every miner that I know keeps at least half to third the coins. And we hodl. How are they tainted exactly?
@_date: 2019-12-23 18:03:48
Do you even understand the concept of mining?
We all get part of bitcoin that was created at that instant. We are the only recipients of our part.
Ahaha, nice, you checked my postings. How much I mine is irrelevant even if its 1 satoshi its the way the blockchain operates. The way you phrased your response it's clear that you're one insecure mf that needs validation from strangers without proper understanding of the blockchain.
Ive just stated facts, the coins that the miners keep and hodl are not tainted. If that gets you so insecure that you boast about your Ivy League diplomas to complete strangers half across the world from you, well keep talking. Give me more:)