@_author: albatrocious
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:56:34
No transaction fees on Bitcoin, so just be careful to make small transactions in units of $9,999 whenever you fund terrorrism.
@_date: 2014-02-13 04:32:02
Well as long as you don't fund anybody who might provide evidence that your policies don't work, then they must work, right?
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:53:07
I think to be clear here, there is evidence of voter fraud, and I believe that there are some cases going through court now. However, I don't think anyone is saying that there were significant amounts of fraud to actually have an effect on the election.
If you want to blame any single thing for the rise of the Harper government, it would be the complete collapse of their main opposition, the Liberal party. That and very clever politicking by the Harper government in taking over the original Conservative party, drawing attention away from controversial topics towards simplified and formerly non-issues (like the mandatory census), very smart timing of elections (something Americans can't do), etc. Not to mention that they are the only really pro-oil party in Canada during the rise of big oil.
Dude hates on science, so I'm not surprised that they wouldn't like Bitcoin. Maybe someone can sell the Conservatives on the free-market capitalism angle.
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:54:18
It's Canadian etiquette to say sorry when you do something like that.
@_date: 2014-02-13 04:08:21
I'm not an expert on federal budgets and legislation, but this seems really vague to me. The basically just say that they're going to do whatever they want, with the premise being that it will prevent money laundering and terrorism. It'll probably be pushed through in some massive omnibus bill that nobody will understand until months after it's made law.
Personally though, this doesn't seriously concern me. It seems unreasonable to assume that governments will not tax and regulate online currencies in the same way that they do fiat currencies. This doesn't really change much to do with Bitcoin, and it doesn't really violate anyone's privacy or rights in any significant way. This sort of legal/legislative acknowledgement is really just another step along the road to cryptocurrencies being considered a legitimate form of currency by the mainstream public. So long as they don't overreach and attempt to change the functionality, creation, or other key characteristics, then this is a success.