@_author: albacore_futures
@_date: 2016-04-07 23:15:12
There won't be a next Bear, at least not in the US and Europe. They will bail them out. The US learned that lesson the hard way, and the ECB has been empowered with a dedicated fund and program to do precisely that. There's a possibility that a non-bank financial entity (therefore not necessarily subject to Fed oversight in the US) could be the "next bear" in the same way that AIG was, but it's worth remembering that AIG got bailed out even before there was a legal structure to justify doing so. There's also a possibility there is a "next Bear" in China, but I'm pretty sure they'd bail them out there even quicker than they would in the West. I can't see why they'd refuse, given that they've been pumping money into their banking sector for the better part of three years now, from both private and public sources. 
tl;dr doubt it.
@_date: 2016-04-08 16:32:47
I see your point, and I do agree that things aren't rosey, but I remain unconvinced that the scale of the problems dwarfs the ECB's capacity to act.
As for the 310b, that's the limit that the ECB is legally allowed to raise by borrowing from private entities. It still retains the "turn on the spigot" option (though it is doing that, to some effect, via its recently-expanded QE program that is no longer "sterilized" as it was before). It can get its hands on much, much more money.
Before 2008, if you had said that the Fed would undertake a $5 trillion expansion of its balance sheet, nobody would have believed you. If things get that dire in Europe, barring something truly unprecedented like the Bundesbank refusing to participate in the ESCB, I think the ECB will do the same thing. I think it's certainly capable - this is where we disagree. The only question for me is whether or not it is willing. I think it is, but the political situation could change that.
@_date: 2016-04-08 21:17:03
I agree that the success remains to be seen. Personally I think it is a lack of decisiveness, the ECB being the product of a yet-incomplete federalization of Europe process, and therefore hamstrung by politics. In the US at least, the same process appears to have led to success. In Japan, not so much. China, same question applies.
Good conversation, thanks for taking the time to reply.
@_date: 2016-04-03 16:00:40
ZH is the conspiratorial loon of financial news. It's the equivalent of people who only get their political news from breitbart or Alex Jones. It's entertaining, and sometimes its right, but its usually not worth treating seriously.
@_date: 2016-04-08 02:03:28
AIG owed everyone money, not just GS. They were the primary writers of CDS that were being triggered left and right as mortgages failed.
@_date: 2016-04-08 13:43:54
The ECB has deployed a lot of tools, most headline-grabbing being the negative interest rates, but it hasn't yet exhausted its EFSF capability (an estimated 250b euro remains there) and hasn't used the EFSM, the purpose-built bailout fund which, at full funding, should be another 60b. Both of these entities, as I recall (it's been a while since I researched the nuts and bolts), are funding by issuing bonds to the public. Given that the public has proven surprisingly willing to lend to at negative rates, it follows logically that the legal limit of ~310b euro isn't the actual limit of the ECB's capacity to borrow. Given how the ECB has already proven that it can either ignore or creatively interpret its mandate, there's every reason to believe they will continue doing so and could reasonably borrow more than the ~310b estimated they are legally allowed to.
And all this assumes they don't just print more money, which is probably a political deal-breaker because of the Germans but still remains in the realm of possibility.
I'm not part of the trusted party thing or even super interested in sidechains and blockchains, I am just here to debate the macro econ. In this sub the macro econ is overrun with conspiracy theorists and armchair economists.
I wrote my thesis on the ECB's response to the 2008 crash, and if there's any one overriding lesson to be taken from that, it's that modern central banks are not constrained by their legal structures and are capable of acting aggressively, and at significant scale, to deal with possibly-existential threats. I fail to see how that general principle still doesn't apply here. The ECB hasn't used all the tools available to it, and if the crisis gets bad enough, I am pretty sure it will. They were even able to overcome German opposition to lending to sovereigns (incidentally, one of those things banned by its charter). Short of a political crisis that renders the Bank impotent, they will keep fighting.
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:50:35
This is going to lead to a lot of people hopping into a lot of shitty coins based on hype and nonsense, and an equal number of people getting burned when the bubble implodes as it inevitably will.
@_date: 2018-01-21 03:08:56
Ironically, the author of the article is "Staff Editor." So yeah.
@_date: 2018-01-20 16:28:33
I object to this article because of its awful headline. Do these guys even have editors?
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:35:13


Yes, but "what does it sell" is not the only ingredient in a Ponzi scheme. A Ponzi scheme requires an operator who secures future funding by making promises. Bitcoin doesn't have that. It may have individuals who think that, by affecting public opinion, they can boost the value, but bitcoin does not have a single operator running the entire scheme. Furthermore, when a Ponzi implodes there are no assets remaining, and all investors are out of luck. If bitcoin should implode, people would still own the underlying addresses and keys.
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:28:33
Madoff's fund meets my definition, because he effectively promised a high return. He didn't give a promise of exactly 8%, but he did effectively keep his fake profits within a narrow range (8-12% iirc) which is more or less the same thing. 
The operator's role is to bring in new money to pay off existing investors, and he does that by making promises of a high return. It might not always be explicitly guaranteed, but it is implicitly. I've added "implicitly" to my definition.
@_date: 2019-07-06 23:10:01
It's also not free of politics. Satoshi's vision was inherently political - why else include a newspaper clipping of a current event in the genesis block. And that's fine, because that political position clearly resonates with a lot of people who support it for ideological, rather than economic, reasons. But it's stupid to pretend that bitcoin is a non-political concept, because it was explicitly designed with politics in mind. Bitcoin takes one position on the politics of money, but there are others. There's no such thing as a non-political money.
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:30:23


This logic applies to anyone buying stock, or any other asset. Those who buy first often buy cheapest. IMO this logic is more aptly describing what Kindleberger would call the "mania" part of a financial crisis, in which people buy assets primarily because they expect to reap a sizeable short-term gain, as opposed to buying an asset for long-term gradual appreciation.
@_date: 2019-07-08 03:29:30
"Ponzi" is the most-abused financial term in English. It's typically used to mean "This is a financial thing I think is a scam," when in fact it means something else entirely: it is a specific type of financial scam in which an original sucker is promised (high) returns, which are paid by getting future deposits from a second sucker, who is also lured in by promises of a high return. The second sucker's deposit is used to pay the first. The second sucker's "profit," in turn, is paid via the deposit of a third sucker who is also promised high returns, and so on. Ponzis collapse when the Ponzi operator accumulates more promises than he can cover by swindling more future people, at which point the slightest withdrawals bankrupt the scheme. Most often, because people are greedy, they leave their money in the Ponzi scheme because their quarterly (fraudulent) statements from the Ponzi operator inform them they're fabulously wealthy. Ponzis are usually exposed during economic downturns as people start pulling their money from risky places. Like a run on an under-capitalized (and fraudulent) bank, it doesn't take many depositors to expose and bankrupt a Ponzi.
Bitcoin is not a Ponzi because (a) there is no single operator of bitcoin, so there can be no making of promises, and (b) there are no promises of an implicitly guaranteed high return. People might think the market for bitcoin could go up, but they don't guarantee that, and they don't pay dividends based on that which are funded by stealing from future suckers. Nobody is saying "Invest in bitcoin and you'll gain 10% a month, paid by me," then repeating that claim next month and using the second month's deposit to pay the 10% profit on the first.
Fiat is also not a Ponzi, because similarly fiat does not make any promise of high return. In fact, in today's environment, it promises a negative return (inflation), which of course makes it a terrible investment. 
tl;dr everyone needs to stop using "Ponzi" to mean "I don't like this financial thing."
@_date: 2018-09-11 23:23:14
The US was on the gold standard for the Civil War, the Spanish-American War, and WWI. It was also technically on the gold standard through WWII, Korea, and the first 8 or so years of Vietnam. During some of those wars, like all countries on the gold standard, convertibility was suspended and then resumed (exception here for Vietnam, obviously, because the US went off gold under Nixon). You can quibble about how faithful they were to a strict gold standard, but they were on a gold standard for the duration of those wars. Being on the gold standard did not prevent wars. 
The Fed wasn't responsible either. The US fought the war of Independence, multiple wars against Native American tribes, the Mexican-American War, the Civil War, and the Spanish American war without a central bank. All that happened is that the US borrowed on international markets instead of from a central bank, which was generally expensive and sometimes resulted in multiple state-level defaults, but didn't prevent the US from being involved in multiple aggressive wars financed by borrowing.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:51:11
It's also pretty stupid to compare it to the banking system, because the banking system includes analysts, advisers, management, accounting, HR, compliance, marketing, etc. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 15:46:05
The merchants are on military bases and operate as part of the military. We're talking about commissars. If the military can issue scrip to its soldiers, it can compel the commissars to accept the scrip as well. The commissars then convert scrip into bitcoin via the military as (really, if) required to purchase goods from the private sector, and so it works just like it worked in previous wars.
@_date: 2018-09-12 14:29:25
A state could issue bitcoin IOUs, instruments that promise to repay the borrower in bitcoin plus interest at a specified date. Or they could issue those IOUs to their military forces as pay, which is where the greenback started if memory serves. Or they could pay the military in something else entirely, make that accepted for legal tender, and now they skip the bitcoin problem altogether.
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:08:30
My impressions are drawn from the general sentiment of people here, or at least how it was before the big 2017 bubble. I was always in the minority arguing exactly what you said, that central banks aren't evil and that fractional reserve banking is not only fine, but is the only way that commercially-facing banks can possibly make money. I've met prominent people in the blockchain ecosystem and they all generally oppose central banking and see the financial system as a fraud. Maybe Satoshi was insufficiently precise in his writing, allowing him to become a rorsach test for anarcho-libertarians to project their beliefs on. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:42:11
No, it wouldn't. The government couldn't just magically acquire gold either. It borrowed (which could be from the central bank, or from international markets) to cover its day to day costs, then promised to convert the scrip as needed from future tax revenues. 
The process would work exactly the same under gold as under bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-09-26 13:52:23
Reserve currencies also require central banks, which weren't invented until the the 1690s, but hey, facts.
There can be widely-used currencies to settle trade, but that's different than a reserve currency.
@_date: 2018-09-17 03:29:26
Isn't it both anti-bank and anti-government? Bitcoin is a protest against unstable (read: fractional reserve) banking systems, which Satoshi saw as empowered by state-run, fiat monetary systems. Hence why there has long been a stance here about the evils of fractional reserve banking. At least that's how I've always seen it.
Thanks for the insults though, I appreciate you bringing that into an otherwise-pleasant conversation. I'd return the favor, but honestly don't give a shit.
@_date: 2018-09-12 15:30:18
The logic under both systems is the same, as is the functionality. It would work, as I've outlined. As I added about Vietnam, the military might actually prefer to issue scrip so as to prevent soldiers from handing bitcoin to the enemy, who could then use bitcoin to buy materiel.
@_date: 2018-09-12 14:43:53


Because they're desperate and their employer is offering them only this kind of income. These are soldiers, some of them are lifetime careerists, and all of them aren't going to suddenly quit if they're paid in government IOUs instead of bitcoins. They'd see it as a temporary suspension, and would fully expect to be paid back, which is what happened in the US case in WWII and Korea.
The argument for temporary suspension under bitcoin is the same as under the gold standard. The country can't afford to pay you in that form, so here's an IOU, and we promise to pay you in real stuff once the war winds down and the state can afford it. The US military issued military scrip during WWII, Korea, and Vietnam, all of which was useable on military bases to buy goods and pay taxes, and which was convertible back into dollars once they hit the states. In Vietnam, in fact, the military issued scrip because there was a major issue of GIs giving dollars to locals for various goods, which eventually gave the VC access to dollars, which allowed them to buy materiel. The scrip was an attempt to stop that, in addition to the economic imperative.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:34:32
Fair point. In my mind I was listing things banks do / have that the bitcoin system doesn't, hence why "marketing" (which is non-internal) was included. But I can see why you'd draw that conclusion from my post. Apologies for not being clearer.
I fully agree with you regarding banks as well. There's a tension between the original concept of bitcoin, which is explicitly anti-bank - hence why Satoshi included the Times headline in the genesis block - and the reality that any monetary or payments system lends itself towards the creation of banks. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 12:36:24


No, you are. The Constitution doesn't ban fiat money, or income taxes, because if it did the laws would have been challenged and overturned by now.
Fed conspiracy-mongering is the lizardpeople of finance.
@_date: 2015-12-03 06:07:55
The Fed remits all profits, after paying dividends, to the Treasury. Per last accounting in 2012, those figures worked out to be something like $89 bn to Treasury, $1-2bn to the banks owning its shares. If you're interested in knowing about why the shares exist and more about the ownership of the Fed, I can type that up, but will wait to see if you are interested or not.
The Fed is not technically a government entity, but it functions that way for all intents and purposes. Its governors are political appointees. It responds to political pressures (see: bailouts). It was created and continues to exist because of the Federal Reserve Act; like most GSE's, it doesn't exist because market forces created it, but it exists instead because laws brought it into being. The Fed is a GSE in all but the technical sense.
Anyway, in the event of Fannie and Freddie specifically, the numbers on them returning a profit to the Treasury are easily google-able, and I will leave you to do your own research.
@_date: 2018-09-10 02:28:39
Or, if you want a book that's not conspiratorial nonsense, Lowenstein's "[America's bank]( is quite good. Among other interesting facts, it shows that the Fed was not in fact created at Jekyll Island, and was the product of a year plus worth of senate negotiations, as legislators tried to find a solution that would please Wall Street and the populists then in power, by getting the agreement of William Jennings Bryan.
@_date: 2018-09-12 14:14:42


@_date: 2018-09-12 16:53:48
They would accept the IOUs for three real reasons. First, because other people are accepting them (this is the reason why paper currencies work today), second, because they could be made legal tender for taxes, and third, because they see themselves as supporting the war effort similar to various war bond drives.
There is really no substantive difference to the process under the gold standard than under bitcoin. The government can't magically acquire lots of gold to pay off its debts, and those who accepted the IOUs are fully aware that there isn't enough gold to back the paper issuance. Gold convertibility didn't stop the system during WWII, and bitcoin convertibility wouldn't stop the system in a future war either.
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:53:19


This is not technically correct. A currency is not inflationary simply because more of it is being printed. It is inflationary if the supply of said money exceeds the demand. If both demand and supply for bitcoin grow at 10% a year, then bitcoin isn't inflationary or deflationary, it is neither. What matters is the delta between the supply and demand for a currency, not the absolute amount of the money being printed.
In the long run, bitcoin is deflationary, because supply artificially decreases. Should mass adoption occur, it is guaranteed to become deflationary (and is arguably already so) because demand will outstrip supply, which has been artificially capped. If the goal for bitcoin were for it to be truly neutral - aka 0% inflation / deflation - then we'd have to invent some complex algorithm to produce more bitcoin at a rate equivalent to the demand for it.
@_date: 2015-12-02 21:22:30
Found an article [without a ballerina on an ice floe]( and it better explains what happened.
After the bank crisis in Iceland - which was worse there than most places, because their banking sector dwarfed everything else by assets - the Icelandic government seized one bank, in the same way that the US seized Fannie and Freddie. Without seizing it, it would have gone under, and it was too big to fail. Iceland also put in place a variety of capital controls and restrictions on what banks could do, in order to to prevent the bank crisis from getting worse. Anyway, now that things have stabilized, Iceland is requiring its banks to pay a ["stability tax,"]( ([see also]( in order for them to resume normal business, no longer subject to the crisis-era regulations. The stability tax is seen as a way of making banks pay back some of the (massive) bailout that they received.
Anyway, one bank, Glitnir, owns 95% of a second bank, named Íslandsbanki . Glitnir proposed that, in lieu of cash, it could donate its holdings in Íslandsbanki  to the state, and call that its stability tax. This was apparently acceptable to the authorities, who may or may not turn around and sell that 95% ownership stake, returning the proceeds to taxpayers.
For a contrasting approach, the US still owns Fannie and Freddie (technically the Fed, but who is counting), and the proceeds from those firms have been sent to the Treasury since 2008. Thanks to the subsequent recovery, F+F have repaid all their bailout funds and have actually [turned a profit]( for the government. Unsurprisingly, there [are lawsuits from shareholders]( who would prefer they get paid instead of Treasury - shareholders were basically wiped out by the government's takeover. I don't have a lot of sympathy for that, because it's not like the shareholders specifically bailed them out (and indeed, arguably they failed to do due diligence on their investment, hence a loss might be warranted), but they do have a legal case and appear to be [making some headway]( In any event, Iceland could either hold on to its newfound bank shares and keep the dividends, or it could sell them and get a one-time windfall.
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:00:09
You're more than welcome to your opinion, but if you ask economists, the definition I gave you is what they'll generally give you. With regards to monetary policy, inflation is caused by supply for a currency increasing relative to demand for it, with demand being everything from speculators to forex to using the currency to settle accounts and handle transactions.
Like I said, inflation doesn't have to require an expanding money supply. It almost always does, because we live in a fiat world, but in theory a currency with negative (shrinking) demand and a zero supply would be inflationary.
As a thought experiment, imagine a potato, since reddit discovered a potato-cutting actor earlier today. Now let's imagine that all the world's transactions have to be handled using only that potato. Potato is suddenly a hot (pun intended) commodity, because everyone needs some potato to buy things they need. Its value skyrockets; teensy little slices of it get sold so that more people can buy the stuff they want to buy. Demand is far greater than supply. Now, this is obviously a stupid state of affairs, so tomorrow the government says "no more using potato for transactions" and so everyone returns to cash. The value of that potato plummets. Supply stayed the same, but demand collapsed. In the first instance, we have deflationary potato (one potato buys more things), and in the second, we have inflationary potato (one potato buys fewer things).
I was going to illustrate the third, Friedman ideal by saying something along the lines of "the number of potatoes in circulation expands at such a rate that there is always an ideal number of potatoes on hand to process transactions" but the metaphor started sounding really, really stupid. The point is, non-inflationary potato, etc.
@_date: 2015-12-04 14:52:02
Not really. "Shares" is a strong word here, because when we think of shares we think of shareholders, which implies some form of governance. They don't get voting rights as a result of owning shares. The banks do get to elect 1/3 of the people on the district-level boards, but the other 2/3 are appointed politically. The shares themselves are non-transferable, meaning they can't be sold, traded, or borrowed against. They're not "shares" in the sense that we think of owning shares in say IBM.
Basically the shares are a way to compensate the banks for keeping cash on call at the Fed. Before the Fed existed, banks would park their reserves in government bonds or in other banks up the financial chain, earning interest each time. The law requires that banks keep a certain percentage of their money on deposit at the fed in case of a bank run, and it is only fair that the banks be compensated for that. 
The dividend was originally offered as a carrot to entice banks to join the Federal Reserve System. The banks didn't like the Fed as originally proposed and had their own designs they liked better (they gave the banks more influence). It was feared that, by making participation mandatory, banks would simply re-charter as state banks, rendering them immune from Federal law, which only applies to interstate commerce. The dividend was offered to buy their political support.
For what it's worth, Congress just cut the dividend from 6% to 1.5% in order to pay for a highway bill, and I think that's pretty reasonable. You could make the case that it should be lower.
Anyway the reason the shares exist is to compensate banks for parking their cash at the Fed, instead of someplace else.
@_date: 2015-12-27 07:26:15
I simply cannot believe how the founder built this entire fraudulent scheme using HIS REAL NAME and, apparently, nobody bothered to wikipedia said name, which is linked to multiple Ponzi schemes in Russia. It's completely unbelievable. Also, in Russia, Ponzi schemes aren't illegal for some fucking reason. Whole thing is completely bizarre.
@_date: 2018-09-17 00:42:45
No, it isn't. Assuming they exist, does OP's analysis include the electrical costs of bitcoin retirement planners, or bitcoin financial professionals performing analysis and sending out newsletters to investors?
It's a simplistic comparison that appeals only to those ignorant of how the world actually works.
@_date: 2015-12-03 20:42:42
You don't know the history of the Federal Reserve Act. That's all I can say about it. The Jekyll Island bill died when it was brought into Congress, and while the final FRA was influenced by it, it was written by different people aiming to please political constituencies. And in any event, the Jekyll Island proposal was but one of many. There were at least three separate bills being proposed in 1912-1913, all of which were trying to set something like the Fed up. Bryan especially played renegade, sinking the Jeykll Island bill while supporting others and throwing wrenches in the political process until Wilson finally gained his acquiescence by agreeing to put "US obligations" on the final dollar designs. All of those bills influenced the final product.
The eventual FRA was debated in Congress for something like five months. It was almost replaced several times. It was passed by the House, and then passed by the Senate something like two months later, after extensive politicking and deal making made it possible. It was hardly something written by a banker in secret and then signed in secret by a President ashamed of his actions. It was a law, like any other. In fact the bankers association didn't even like it, and they tried to get it changed to be more in their favor multiple times (Wilson eventually overcame their resistance). 
As for Lowenstein, I fail to see how being a hedge fund manager would make him pro- Fed? Hedge funds aren't subject to Fed oversight and don't get access to the Fed's window. Furthermore his book on LTCM is considered the defining book on that clusterfuck, and his main career is being a journalist, so I don't see much grounds for trying to smear him, beyond you not liking what I've typed here.
Explaining how the financial system works is not the same as defending it.
@_date: 2018-09-17 02:17:17
They serve different purposes, which is why I mentioned the services that the banking sector offers which the bitcoin ecosystem doesn't. We're not disagreeing, we're just wording it differently.
@_date: 2015-12-03 14:11:45
As you should.
@_date: 2015-12-03 15:16:54
I'm not an expert on this particular aspect, but I'd like to learn more. I know Treasury is subject to the same GAO and Congressional oversight that all other federal agencies are subject to. The Fed releases its statements too, and they are subject to Congressional oversight as well. I don't know if they are subject to the GAO though.
There is a movement afoot to audit the Fed on a regular basis - thanks to Ron Paul's agitations - but the Fed has fought against that, and there's some logic to their position. The issue is how you do the actual accounting, because the Fed owns a lot of long-term debt now thanks to QE, TARP, and the bailouts. It intends to hold all of those assets to maturity, meaning it will never sell the bonds but will instead just sit and collect the interest payments until the principal gets repaid. The biggest threat to the Fed's balance sheet isn't the things on it, but is instead long-term inflation, all things being equal. But even then, given that they're collecting interest payments on nearly everything they own, that risk is lessened.
On the accounting side - Most businesses and financial firms use what's called "mark to market" accounting, meaning they value their assets at their present-day value, as if they were to sell the assets today. M2M has its benefits and drawbacks. For banks, who might conceivably have to unload lots of assets in the event of a run on the bank, this is a decent estimate of how much capital they can reasonably expect to call upon. It can also be used to inflate earnings, a la Enron, but that's another post. However, M2M is especially problematic for the types of assets the Fed owns - long-term debt that it has no intention of selling. Mark-to-market accounting would make the Fed's balance sheet seem precarious, because in order to sell those bonds on the open market, they'd have to sell a lot of them at a loss. However, since the Fed intends to hold them until maturity, this is a non-issue.
Anyway, the audit the Fed thing would have the outcome of creating a terrifying balance sheet showing the Fed as massively over-indebted, hopelessly beyond its ability to repay. Given that they intend to hold their assets to maturity, they're really not in that trouble. But a regular audit, using conventional accounting methods, is incapable of seeing that. 
This question also touches on the idea of central bank independence - something I wrote my master's thesis on, incidentally - but I'll save that for another day. This post is long enough already.
@_date: 2015-12-04 18:49:46
This statement reflects a commonly-held misconception about how derivatives work.
Particularly in swaps, there is a "notional value" from which the actual transactions are based. It is called "notional" because it is exactly that - fictitious. It will never swap hands. To illustrate this, here's how a simple interest rate swap would work.
Bank A wants protection in case interest rates rise. Bank B is willing to bet that they won't. To bet on this outcome, they agree that, once a quarter, they will "swap" (hence the name) interest rate payments on a notional value (typically $100k by default). Bank A pays bank B a fixed interest rate on that notional 100k - let's pretend 3% - while bank B pays bank A the average LIBOR rate of the last 30 days before payment day.
So, every quarter, banks A and B get together. They take that $100k notional value, multiply it by the interest rates, and then that's their payment to each other. Let's pretend that LIBOR is at 1%, while the fixed rate is 3%. 
Bank A pays $100k x 3% - aka $3k - to bank B. Bank B pays $100k x 1% - aka $1k - to bank A. Total net change is $2k. Bank B is winning.
Let's pretend that LIBOR rises to 5%.
Bank A pays $100k x 3% - aka $3k - to bank B. Bank B pays $100k x 5% - aka $5k - to bank A. Bank A is now winning.
What you're doing is counting the notional value. Let's pretend Goldman has 50 such contracts. You're saying "Goldman is exposed to $5 million in derivative deals!" But that number has no meaning in a risk sense, because the bank will never, ever, pay the full notional value. It never changes hands. It's just an agreed upon fictitious amount upon which to base swap payments.
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:46:48
Right, and it's the third or fourth "MMM" ponzi scheme. He really does have a franchise of ponzi schemes.
@_date: 2015-12-03 14:14:48
Iceland got, like, screwed over by banks man. Super screwed. Not even cool how screwed, very serious. They had to bail them out. Shit was mad crazy. And then the government decided to be super for the people man, like they decided to put a tax on all banks and said "hey bros, if you want to bank again, you gotta pay us back what we gave you, cause not paying back isn't cool bros." So this one bank is gonna give the government a bunch of shares, worth a lot of money, like mad money bro, and the government might just sell the shares and send everybody a check. People gonna be super happy about that. Can you imagine getting a check out of the blue for three hundo bucks? That would buy so much weed. We could get a full ounce next time! Would be fucking awesome man. Now stop bogarting.
@_date: 2015-12-27 07:24:38
I said this two months ago. Remember, on price increases reflect widespread adoption, but price declines reflect short-term manipulation by nefarious actors who are surely about to be made bankrupt due to betting against the inevitable.
@_date: 2015-12-08 02:08:24
No problem. If you're interested in further reading, I plugged the book I just finished somewhere in this thread too. Don't want to paste it again because then I feel like a shill. Anyway, it's a good read.
@_date: 2015-12-16 17:28:21
I laughed, because you're completely right. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt for it being a slightly hyperbolic thing, but yeah, it is pretty idiotic. I don't know of any evidence that bananas were ever used for anything other than barter, and as you pointed out, it's not like they can be a store of value for more than like 4 days, at which point they rot. 
And to your larger point, it's perfectly reasonable to expect a self-appointed bitcoin evangelist to realize that his statements impact the public's opinion of bitcoin and its fans. 
I completely agree with you now. He's been speaking in public long enough, this kind of amateur stuff should have been banished from his talks long ago.
@_date: 2015-06-30 03:03:28
Whose cash? There's a bank holiday, and nobody is allowed to withdraw more than 60 euros a day.
@_date: 2015-12-16 16:35:16
It's a factually incorrect statement, sure. I don't know the full context, and I'm trying to give him the benefit of the doubt. Like, here's an example of how it might make sense:
"People complain that bitcoin has no intrinsic value, and therefore isn't as good a currency as something gold-backed. But we haven't had money with intrinsic value since our money was bananas because we could eat them. Fiat currencies have no intrinsic value either - why is bitcoin any different?"
It's factually incorrect but the larger point does kind of make sense. He'd be better off skipping it, sure.
But yeah, with the other wrong things he's said, I think I agree with your assessment, having thought about it.
@_date: 2015-12-03 20:07:03
The Jekyll Island story is a myth. I'm actually reading a book right now on the founding of the Fed - [here]( The Jekyll Island meeting happened between Senator Nelson Aldrich and a couple of compatriots (one was a JPM employee, one was a German who was basically a public agitator for banking reform, one was an academic turned Treasury employee, and I think there were a few others). That bill was brought to Congress and promptly ignored, because populists within the William Jennings Bryan camp of the Democrats hated it, and banker-affiliated Republicans thought it didn't give them enough power over the Fed. The eventual Federal Reserve Act was written by other people - although there was advice given from the Jekyll Island camp, Aldrich had retired before the bill got passed - about six months later. 
I really recommend that book if you're interesting. Its description of just how stupid the US financial system was, prior to the Fed, is really eye-opening. It's easy to forget today just how fucked up and economically inefficient the financial system really was then.
I'm never going to put myself in the position of defending Goldman against charges they have too much power in our (or any) financial system, but it does kind of make sense that the people running the bank would be the ones who know the most about banking. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:33:12
Devaluation definitely hurts the average worker because it lowers domestic standards of living. That said, in the past, the choice often has come down to devaluation or default, and that debate has usually fallen on the side of devaluation because default is more rare (but certainly not a black swan type event) and people have been afraid that default would scare off foreign investment. There's some academic work finding that those fears are overblown, however.
@_date: 2015-06-02 13:44:45
The meaning of "deflation" has stayed the same. Any currency can be deflationary for a period of time, regardless of whether or not it is fiat, metal-backed, or backed by seashells.
@_date: 2015-06-07 05:36:44
The relevant piece of legislation about how to deal with bank restructurings was [developed over the last three years]( so this is hardly a "oh my god why are those stormtrooper boot-wearing bilderbergers shoving this down everyone's throats" situation. It's more like a "The EU passed a law and is now ensuring compliance with it" situation, which, sadly, makes for less exciting blogging.
As for why it exists, that's pretty obvious, isn't it? As a whole, Europe doesn't want to be responsible for the banks of other countries. Germans don't like bailing out Greek banks (whether they should or not is a blog post on its own). From a political / ideological perspective, free market types should love bank bail-ins because they encourage shareholders and stakeholders to care about where their money is kept, and it should also encourage better corporate governance because people tend to care more when they have money at risk.
So, congratulations blog poster, you've managed to take a technocratic, generally-acceptable concept ("We have a system for dealing with collapsing banks that doesn't involve bailouts") and managed to make a conspiracy out of it. Solid work, you are putting our internet pixels to good use.
@_date: 2018-09-10 17:46:30


This case was nullified by a higher court, rendering the opinion (which is not a legal finding) of the judge irrelevant. If what you think is undoubtedly true, don't you think other cases would have brought up the same issue and been successful?
@_date: 2015-12-08 02:04:32
Yeah, journalists do it all the time, and it drives me crazy. You'd think a financial journalist would understand how derivatives work, at least simple ones like swaps...
@_date: 2015-12-03 00:42:05
Deepest apologies, correcting.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:31:41
Agreed. There is a clear distinction between what's best for private citizens and what's best for the government, and I should have made that clear in my post. Thanks for the reply.
@_date: 2015-06-01 16:48:09
I don't think any of this will come to pass - Greek brinksmanship has been the soup of the day since 2009. That said, I strongly suspect that if Greece goes bitcoin, it would create its own alt-coin or sidechain to do it with.
I can't imagine Greek finance officials agreeing to adopt a currency that gives them no political flexibility. Replacing the euro - a deflationary currency beyond their control - with bitcoin - a deflationary currency beyond their control - makes little economic or political sense.
@_date: 2015-06-05 13:51:32
"GoonSquad Mafia Fee" sounds like a pretty terrible name for NY authorities to choose.
@_date: 2015-12-18 16:30:52
Buffet is concerned because evaluating the risk of derivatives is, sometimes, harder than evaluating risk of other financial products. And not all derivatives are equal. Some derivatives are very simple and therefore easy to figure out the risk of. Something like an interest rate swap, for example, is going to be pretty low risk. "Derivatives" is a category of stuff that's so broad and fundamental to our markets that there's no reasonable person arguing we should remove them. Some people even think that derivatives such as forwards and futures predate the trading of stocks.
The real trouble in derivatives comes from the complex ones, like the ones that blew up in 2008. As a hyperbolic example, banks in the run-up to 2008 would take the mortgage payments of 5,000 different mortgages (each of which from a different person, and therefore varying in quality), slice them into 3-4 tiers based on the credit rating of the person holding them, and then combine the result to make 4-5 bonds. Then they'd take those bonds to another bank and try to make a derivative out of them. And if they got super fancy, sometimes they'd combine the bonds themselves again, re-slice them again, and then go around trying to make a swap to protect themselves from the risk of the Frankenthing they just made. The odds are against the originating bank knowing what it's doing, and it's almost a certainty that the second, derivative-agreeing bank knows what its risk exposure is, and the credit ratings agencies didn't know what they were doing either, so the result was a black hole of ignorance.
So anyway, some derivatives are fundamental to our markets and are pretty low risk. We would not want to live in a world without futures, forwards, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, etc. Those derivatives are usually low-risk, easy to understand, and not dangerous to financial stability. It's the Frankenstein derivatives that cause trouble, and those are the ones Buffet is understandably worried about.
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:21:34
I laughed. Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:50:08
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:45:50
Well played. Bitcoin isn't a ponzi though, at least not by the definition of ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2015-06-27 14:24:08
I don't think you know the actual history of insider trading law. At least in the US, laws against insider trading come primarily from the 1933 Securities Act and the 1934 Securities Exchange Act, which were a response to scams galore during the bubble of the 1920s. Those scams, typically, resulted in industry / financial insiders making money at the expense of everyday investors. Owners of companies would sell their shares before a bad quarterly financial report, making money for themselves while screwing over their shareholders who they were supposed to be acting in the best interests of. This state of affairs understandably pissed off the everyday investors while incubating popular distrust of markets - something that still holds sway in the few Depression-era survivors still alive - and that hurt the economic recovery, because everyday investors who had been so badly burned by the crash and the scammers refused to invest.
FDR decided to two birds one stone this problem with the two Acts. The Acts were an attempt to reign in financial malfeasance while helping the economy recover by restoring public trust in transparent markets. They did a lot of things, including setting up the SEC, but with regards to insider trading it tried to prohibit company executives with access to material information (information that would move the stock price, but isn't publicly available) from acting on that information. They prohibited fraudulent securities trading, requires corporate disclosure, and did lots of other things which increase market transparency and thereby help raise public trust in markets. On a longer run, the Acts also help firmly establish the idea that corporate executives are supposed to act with the best interests of shareholders - not the executives - in mind. Our entire modern regime of corporate governance, and the idea of executive duties to shareholders, can arguably be traced back to the 1933 and 1934 Acts (although, obviously, that tracing would go much further back in time as well).
People opposed to insider trading laws - almost always die-hard Austrians - argue that they prevent the market from reaching equilibrium, because the company's stock price is supposed to represent all available information, and if somebody with (non-public, gained as a result of his job) information can't move the price based on that information, then the stock price doesn't represent all available info. If that logic sounds convoluted, that's because it is. It starts with the assumption that a company's price is the perfect price given all information in existence at the time, but that idea is largely the product of academic, non-empirical economic research that has subsequently been discredited by research showing, in short, that it's not the case. The Austrian reasoning is also narrowly limited to pure academic economics only - the implicit goal is better-functioning markets, as opposed to other goals like keeping public trust in market, or ensuring fairness, or protecting average investors. It's a limited logic with a limited goal, and should be dismissed as such in my opinion.
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:35:51
I googled the article. [Here is a link]( It reports what the picture says - that somebody, either IS or a pretender IS, went around soliciting bitcoin donations.
So, how would you modify the story to make it not FUD? I'm just trying to understand where the line between FUD and negative press is.
@_date: 2015-12-03 14:12:20
Queen on the thrown is good. I like that. My personal pet peeve is people using "loose" to mean "lose."
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:27:22
That would make more sense. Selling bitcoin as a backup plan would be an easy sell.
I have seen people arguing that Greece as a whole should adopt bitcoin. That is what I am responding to.
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:00:36
Let's pretend that the story is real. I don't know if it is or not, but for the sake of argument let's pretend that ISIS has solicited donations in bitcoin.
How would the news organization report that fact in such a way that you don't see it as part of a media plot to discredit bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-12-18 16:07:29
Was going to come here and post this. The graphic inadvertently admits this when it says "on a notional contract basis" ... the amount is called "notional" because it is fictitious. 
I'd clarify that most derivatives are like this:


What really happens is that Bob and Alice decide to pay each other an interest rate based on that trillion dollars, as determined by other things (LIBOR, Treasuries, whatever) that they both agree to. So they take the trillion dollars, multiply it by the interest rate, and swap payments. At no point does $1bn ever change hands.
@_date: 2015-06-02 15:37:22
This understanding is not fully correct. Deflation means that prices are falling over time. A dollar today buys less than a dollar tomorrow. Deflation can hit any currency regardless of changes in the supply thereof.
As for why that happens, there are many explanations. The rationale you gave - the supply of euros falling - is the monetarist, Friedman explanation for inflation and deflation. There are other reasons for those monetary phenomena to take place. In Europe, deflation is being caused by an economic contraction coupled with investor uncertainty which suppresses investment and spending. In other words, the euros which are being printed are largely being hoarded, so the supply of euros is being outstripped by the demand for them.
What matters for inflation and deflation is the delta between demand for a currency and the supply of it, not absolute amounts of currency being printed. If supply stays the same and demand increases, then you get deflation. If supply stays the same and demand falls, then you get inflation.
@_date: 2015-12-03 15:07:14
That's just like, an extra zero man. Whatever. It's just a number man. Did you know the Arabs invented zero? Can you imagine a world without zero? Crazy man.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:30:30
That argument makes sense. I should have clarified that I am talking about Greece as a whole using bitcoin, as opposed to private citizens using bitcoin as a backup / safety option.
@_date: 2018-09-11 23:26:48
I really don't get why people think that monetary policy is the key to ending thousands of years worth of human military hostilities. It's a simple answer to a complicated problem, and I get the allure of that framing, but come on. Monetary policy, of all things? Most European states had a near-impossible time borrowing to finance their wars until the rise of banking houses in the 13th-14th centuries; was the post-Roman period from ~500AD to 1300AD fully peaceful and without intra-European conflict, due to the inability of the state to borrow to finance wars?
@_date: 2015-06-10 00:10:37
I agree with you entirely. Good points. I was thinking you were calling it FUD because of the headline, but you were actually opposed to the article as well as the headline.
@_date: 2015-12-16 15:33:57
You're completely right - I was going to write the same thing. Andreas has repeatedly said things about financial history that are laughable. Knowing bitcoin and the blockchain doesn't make someone an expert on the history of currencies, yet he repeatedly makes factually incorrect statements like the above as if he does. 
@_date: 2015-12-03 15:43:48
Wow, that's a really great article. I haven't seen all that info in one place before, so thank you for sending it along. So they are subject to the GAO, the fed's inspector general, and have an outside firm (Deloitte) to do their accounting too. 
The audit the fed thing is definitely aimed at taking advantage of m2m accounting in an attempt to make the Fed's balance sheet seem precarious. That would enable anti-Fed politicians to exert more influence over the bank - which is what they want. The audit the fed thing is about politics, not about good governance. I agree completely with the author's end paragraphs:




@_date: 2015-06-18 13:28:11
I am talking about government expenditures, not private citizens. Private spending isn't what caused Greece to have to go to the IMF / Troika.
@_date: 2015-12-16 16:15:21
I don't know him, so I can't say. Sometimes it's ego; being thought of as an expert in one field often leads to people assuming you're an expert in another, and if the person isn't humble enough to know what he doesn't know, then it leads to bad things. Or maybe he just gets excited when he's talking in person, and that leads him to hyperbolic oversimplification. Or it could just be that what we're seeing - quotes out of context - fail to report the caveats that he might quite reasonably be placing all around such statements. Who knows.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:29:47
Defaulting is certainly an option, and it can be done relatively painlessly. There is also some academic work arguing that defaulting doesn't really hurt a country's borrowing costs over the long term. The best example today is Argentina, which has been in technical default since a US court ruling in late 2014. Argentina has still been able to borrow money, but it just has to do it domestically under domestic law instead of in New York.
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:46:19


Lol yeah good point, hadn't thought of it that way before. Russia does ban other financial crimes though, I think.
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:50:12
No, bitcoin won't become the sole global payment system. But it can become a bigger, better version of what it already is - an alternative to fiat systems used by people to send money p2p, regardless of distance and regulations.
Will bitcoin destroy fiat, central banking, and usher in a crypto-anarchist utopia? No. Could it become a bigger version of what it already is, a quicker and cheaper p2p way to send money? Absolutely. Especially in the realm of remittances, bitcoin has a bright future.
@_date: 2015-12-16 15:46:13
In the 50s and 60s, there was a fair amount of work being done talking about what Galbraith termed the ["Affluent Society"]( The basic idea was that America and the West had overcome the problems of basic sustenance, and given the wealth available in those countries, there was really no reason for people to actually work. 
The logic was pretty simple. Galbraith argued that the pursuit of economic efficiency only makes sense if it leads to a corresponding increase in quality of life. IE, a device that increases bread production by a factor of five is a hugely important device, because it enables five times more people to be fed. However, in the 50s and 60s, with the rise of mass advertising (which Galbraith argued "invented" demand, as opposed to naturally-occuring demand for things like housing, bread, water, etc that don't require billboards), the thinking was that there was no reason for people to work just as hard as they had in the past, because their real, non-"fake" (ie, created by advertising) needs could be easily met. For Galbraith, while pursuing greater economic efficiency made sense insofar as it created more bread, pursuing even more economic efficiency so as to enable the purchase of more worthless gadgets does not. There is a law of diminishing returns.
Anyway, that logic combined with utopian predictions of the rise of robots, making most human labor unnecessary, led to many thinkers concluding that the traditional idea of people working their entire lives, just for money, was now pointless. Instead, people would work on the things they wanted to work on, with the result being a much happier, albeit less productive, society. Economists thought people, who value leisure time, would choose more leisure time over working longer hours, because their basic needs had been met and so working became a choice between acquiring more stuff they didn't need, or enjoying leisure.
The best example of this is George Jetson, who worked 3 hours a day, had everything taken care of by robots, and zipped home to be with his family.
Anyway, the point of all that is, this thinking was part of the economic and futurist zeitgeist of the 1950s and 1960s. It would not surprise me if Roddenberry, being in his 30s and 40s during that time, was aware of those concepts and incorporated it into Star Trek. After all, the people on the Enterprise aren't there for a paycheck, and food / water / sustenance are all readily obtainable at the push of a button. They're kind of living the Galbraith ideal - all needs taken care of, so they just go around doing what they want, which is establishing galactic peace and exploring the universe.
tl;dr wasn't just star trek.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:13:32
Agreed fully.
@_date: 2015-12-18 18:09:17
I don't know how you stop derivative exposure from crashing the system. I'm not sure you can. What you can do, however, is try and make sure that the losses incurred by a big bank doing stupid things is limited to said big bank and its shareholders, who have a responsibility as investors to monitor the actions of their investment.
I think Dodd-Frank had a couple of good ideas - most importantly, forcing large institutions to have wind-down plans on file at the SEC (so that they can be sold in a quick and orderly process). The Volcker Rule was also an attempt to prohibit banks from doing the riskiest things. 
I'd also support the breaking up of too-large-to-fail banks, although that's a can of worms in and of itself. I would also quickly accept the reinstatement of Glass-Steagall, to prevent banks from using FDIC-insured funds to gamble with things they might not understand. And Hillary Clinton's recent proposal to tax all banks above X size I think makes sense, provided that you put those funds in something like a rainy day fund whose purpose is to ensure that depositors remain whole while the banks and their investors get nothing in the event of a collapse.
It's a complicated problem. Fundamentally, there is just always going to be a difference in time horizons. The public and the state care about long-term stability and growth, but shareholder-owned, publicly-traded institutions care only about quarterly results at the expense of everything else. 
I think it is probably impossible to reconcile those two time horizons, so the best thing from a policy perspective would be to take steps to limit the damage done in the event that an irresponsible bank decides to be irresponsible. Hence why I like some of Dodd-Frank and endorse ideas that balkanize the financial system, reversing the last 20-30 years of consolidation.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:20:39
"inflation" has meanings beyond monetary policy. For example, the universe is inflationary in that it is thought to be expanding. But, in terms of monetary policy, "inflationary" means that the currency is losing value over time. What causes a currency to lose value over time is, at least for the [monetarist school]( which has driven monetary policy since the late 70s, an increase in supply of that currency relative to the increase in demand for it. Friedman more or less created this school of thought, and he advocated for a dollar whose supply was tied to demand, so as to make a truly "neutral" currency which is at 0% inflation, as much as is possible to do so.
So, in theory, if supply of a given currency was zero but demand for it was shrinking, you'd have an inflationary currency. The same amount of cash is being chased by fewer actors, causing it to lose value. Absolute supply of the currency doesn't determine inflation, the delta between supply and demand does. Assuming ever-growing demand for bitcoin, given that the supply of bitcoin is artificially capped, it is certain that bitcoin is deflationary. if you don't assume demand outstrips supply, then it would be inflationary.
I don't think bitcoin is subject to disinflation just yet. If it were, it would probably be losing value relative to the dollar. Obviously the dollar is moving too, and I'm not enough of an expert to know which is impacting the BTCUSD rate more. That's why I said it is "arguably" already deflationary right now.
@_date: 2015-06-07 17:20:05
It doesn't eliminate deposit insurance, but as a free market type you should not support that anyway. Deposit insurance is a government guarantee that discourages market discipline, because depositors don't have money at risk.  
The BRRD is a EU law that, broadly speaking, requires countries to put in place mechanisms and systems for dealing with failed and failing banks. The intent is to keep it domestic - so that a failing Greek bank doesn't require French money to fix it - but there is also a pan-EU bailout fund that is being slowly filled to its eventual capacity. Its purpose is to deal with banks which can't be easily dealt with, and is viewed as a last resort option.
But the point of the BRRD is to prevent bailouts in the future. By including bail-in provisions - making stakeholders have skin in the game, in other words - it seeks to prevent future bailouts while encouraging market discipline to bring rogue actors back into the fold. The BRRD - sans the big bailout fund - is a market-friendly solution to the bank problem.
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:17:48
It wouldn't surprise me. The same things that make bitcoin attractive to libertarian-minded, privacy-conscious people on the internet are the same things which make bitcoin attractive to ISIS. If I were ISIS I'd try to solicit donations in bitcoin too - you can send them anywhere, you can skirt US financial system rules, they're non-reversible, they can't be frozen, etc etc.
That doesn't mean bitcoin is a terrible thing that should be stopped. ISIS also drinks water, should we ban all water? They might eat kebabs, should we ban kebabs? 
What kind of kebab-less, thirst-filled world would we live in if we ended everything that ISIS might or might not have an interest in using?
@_date: 2014-06-23 22:02:40
It is not "artificially" constrained, but it is constrained. Due to those constraints, the policy options available to decision-makers were limited, which is why there aren't any major gold-backed currencies in existence today.
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:25:09
If Bitcoin was intended to be stable, then Satoshi would have come up with a way to link the supply of Bitcoin to the demand thereof. He, in fact, considered such a system, but rejected it as too complicated (which it probably is).
Bitcoin is designed to be very deflationary. Supply decreases exponentially as demand increases exponentially. Even in a 100% bitcoin world, economic growth would create a demand for BTC that exceeds supply, because supply is artificially constrained.
@_date: 2014-11-13 20:21:17
We may. We also may not. People have been predicting the boom for the better part of 2014 and have all been wrong. 
Don't assume you, or anyone else here, knows the future.
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:12:26
Your final point - that I am humorously suggesting how predictable most bitcoin posting is - is exactly my intent.
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:00:51
China's banking troubles have been taking place for months. And, if they expect the banking sector to implode / the RMB to collapse as a result, that should cause an increase in BTC as people rush to it as a safe haven. Cashing out of an alternative investment, especially one beyond the oversight of the Chinese government, during a time of crisis is the opposite of the expected behavior.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:03:06
I have JSTOR access, I will try to find it. Thanks for the link though. And I agree that Rogoff is far from some irrelevant academic; his work with Reinhardt (as flawed as it might be) was a major justification for austerity in the US for several years.
@_date: 2014-08-31 20:28:44
I think we should fight terrorism, in part, through laws that prohibit money laundering.
@_date: 2014-09-05 18:06:55
What brand of dog food did you eat at this so-called "dinner"? I can't remember the last time I dined for anything less than $100k.
@_date: 2014-10-12 21:11:44
The statement only makes sense if it is trying to say that deflation undermines a currency's ability to act as a store of value.
@_date: 2014-03-28 02:30:40
Divisibility doesn't mean that "new bitcoins" are worth more. All that means is that the value will go up forever for all time. It says nothing about its utility as a currency. 
If the dollar deflated 5,000% the problem wouldn't be prices - it would be the problems caused by deflation: a tendency to hoard, meaning money would be underinvested, exorbitant interest rates choking off banking and loans, and the inability of productivity to keep up with the rate of deflation.
Same thing applies to bitcoin. As a currency, there's no need for it to deflate exorbitantly, as designed. I thought that is what we were talking about, not divisibility.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:53:49
Why the fuck did people upvote this? It's nothing but nonsensical fanboy nonsense.
@_date: 2014-08-13 00:33:58
Pretty awesome how my post apparently offended an anarchist sub, who have been delivering great internet justice and furthering intellectual conversation by downvoting it as much as they possibly can.
My pleasure. Thanks for the addition on France. Similar things took place around the world around the same time.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:35:54
I believe we are using different semantics.
"Monetary system" is a term which refers to how money is created and distributed throughout the economy. When people talk about monetary systems, they primarily talk about gold standard vs fiat, or something else in that vein.
When people talk about issues of taxation, there are basically two issues: legal issues and enforcement issues. Under what authority do taxes exist (and in what amount), and what are the mechanisms for enforcing compliance. 
What is being talked about here are questions of compliance, not monetary systems.
@_date: 2014-07-28 18:12:35
Speed limits and paying taxes are different things. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 23:40:55
Thank you for actually providing a link to discuss. I will read it when I have time. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-08-20 05:35:56
Your point 3 is the most important, IMO. There really is no need for them to sell USD to bail themselves out.
So you're saying that a foreign-owned company comes into China, and as part of that agreement it converts its USD to RMB at the official rate, but still retains some right to repurchase USD from the PBoC at a point in the future? So they'd do a currency exchange combined with a forex futures contract of sorts? That's weird. I haven't heard of any other country doing that, even in Hong Kong or the other ones where the exchange rate is carefully controlled. I don't see why the government would want to agree to that; they don't have much incentive (companies will want in regardless), and they'd be giving up a huge money generator (they can profit from the difference between the official rate and the market rate for the USD).
IMO China could start selling USD only if its exports to the US decrease, or rather become a less important part of their economy (could be offset by internal demand growth). For now, it has to buy the USD to maintain the exchange rate; the exchange rate fuels the economic growth; the economic growth is the justification for the Communist Party's continued existence. If PBoC dumps dollars, they would destroy their own export sector, which would imperil the livelihood of the officials making that decision. I don't see that dynamic changing anytime soon.
I agree that the world is de-dollarizing, or is at least trying to. The French made similar noises after the $9bn suit against BNP Paribas. IMO the Euro is the best alternative for the future; other than that I don't really see much option. Bitcoin is far too small to matter in this particular scheme of things.
IMO the likeliest outcome of a Chinese banking crash is a combination of PBoC printing more RMB, a slight uptick in inflation, and a stronger push toward internal government reform as Xi has begun (and I think that's the reason he started it in the first place). Printing solves the bank problem; inflation keeps the export sector decent (within reason, of course, no Weimar republic shit); and government reform provides a new justification for the continued existence of the Party ("hey look we're doing a good job now!"). One of the articles you linked mentioned the analysts' opinion that the likeliest outcome for China is a slow implosion followed by a decade or so of slowly unwinding the debt a la Japan in the 90's; I would fully agree with that assessment.
@_date: 2014-08-22 18:37:26
They're not. Turns out OP makes a bad armchair lawyer.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:41:25
The gold-mark, like all other gold-backed currencies, was set up to convert from paper note to gold at a certain rate. Germany cheapened that rate, while still calling it the gold-mark. The US did the same thing several times, as did the UK. Or am I missing something?
Upon looking at the wikipedia, it appears that the actual structure of the reparations was more complex than i thought, with tiers of bonds and allowance for in-kind deliveries (coal, timber, etc shipments being accepted as payment). I don't know much about all of this, so it is quite probable that you are correct and that we are both wrong.
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:27:06
In the long term, gold was stable. In the short term, it was far from it. The Great Depression, to cite the most salient example, involved significant deflation (meaning that gold's purchasing power dramatically increased in the short-term). Not to get on a big side ramble here, but the main reason countries abandoned the gold standard first in the 30's and again in the postwar era was because the fixed supply of gold conflicted with short-term economic fluctuations. Even if bitcoin becomes exactly like gold, there's every reason to expect the same tension would break it, too.
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:01:47
The article spelled it right. OP, however...
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:04:45
Best post I've seen in so far. Yes, I was referring to unexpected  deflation. Thank you for the post.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:12:18
If you want to know what you're talking about, you should try studying it in a setting that isn't youtube, or random blogs you find by Randians ranting about the world. I would give a more nuanced reply, but what's the point? You don't know enough to listen, and by the looks of things you've been chugging the koolaid for years.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:44:50
I think it meant to say "the Fed is complicated, bitcoin isn't." Hence my comment - neither one are really that complicated.
@_date: 2014-08-22 18:40:30
It's a cult-like mentality.
Bitcoin is amazing and deserves worship and will change everything and maybe lead to anarcho-utopia. But there's this guy who wants to regulate bitcoin. He must be an enemy of bitcoin! Otherwise he would understand how amazing and wonderful it is and get out of the way. Therefore, anything he does must be part of his scheme to destroy bitcoin! Proposing regulations? Part of the plot. Having public comment? Part of the plot. Extending said comment? DEFINITELY part of his plot.
Westboro uses the same logic. "If you're not for us, you're against us, and if you're against us then everything you do is part of your plot to be against us."
@_date: 2014-09-02 17:26:57
Their bank deposits were guaranteed to the amount promised by the EU. Amounts above that were never guaranteed.
If you invest in a company and it goes bankrupt, do you expect to have your investment returned to you by the government? Depositing money at a bank is a form of investment, especially when you go above the amount that's insured by deposit insurance.
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:03:23
Regarding your point 1: an understanding of economics and currencies is a far better place to predict Bitcoin's future prospects than an understanding of cyptography, computers, or libertarian philosophers. Remember here that bitcoin the currency is not the same as Bitcoin the network. Predicting the network's success does not necessarily equate to bitcoin becoming a widely-accepted currency worldwide.
Buffet may have ulterior motives, but I doubt he has much to gain by shitting on Bitcoin. The market isn't big enough for him to bother shorting (and it would be relatively difficult to short BTC in large volumes anyway). The other alternative - that he's trying to scare people out of BTC and into investments he has a stake in - is possible, but seeing how he didn't provide alternative investments to replace BTC, I don't see that happening either.
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:00:17
Yes, i know what it's doing. It's just not that funny.
@_date: 2014-09-11 06:07:59
Let's give a hypothetical. Let's say both Buffett and Branson made the same amount (they haven't, Buffett's ROI over the years is noticeably better) but let's pretend they have.
Buffett comes to and says "I don't think this thing has much of a future." He provides an understandable reasoning for his position.
Branson comes to and says "I think bitcoin is amazing and will change the world." He also offers an understandable reasoning for his position.
Which would upvote more, and which would give more downvotes and negative comments to?
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:11:25
You're not offering anything to this other than attempts to catch me in a factual inaccuracy so you can claim I don't understand the Fed. I'm not going to play that game. You seem to know how the Fed works - you linked a documentary you said explains everything we need to know, and presumably you've watched it - so there's no point in me explaining to you what you already know.
@_date: 2014-09-14 21:43:31
LOL you just defined the financial sector as non-productive? In what universe? Financial services are one of the (if not the) biggest sector in this economy, and are our primary export.
Making physical things and providing a service for money are equivalent activities from an economic perspective. Pretending otherwise just shows that you don't know what you're talking about. Other points of disagreement:
 - "Wage stickiness" is a thing, there's no reason for you to imply otherwise
 - Deflation is bad. It discourages investment, lowers spending, and encourages declining economic activity. Inflation is also bad, but small amounts of inflation are preferable to small amounts of deflation because it encourages activity by forcing money to remain actively in the economy, lest it lose value.
 - What a pity it is that wives have to work. God knows that, given a choice, they wouldn't. Or would they? Hmm. Maybe women want to aspire and have productive ambitions too?
 - Thank you for the obligatory "fiat monetary system will fail" ramble. I'm pretty sure no thread in about macroeconomics can exist without one. Just like the others, you fail to actually explain why it would happen.  You also don't seem to notice (or mind) that government expenditure as a % of GDP in the US hasn't risen that much in the last 60-70 years, especially when excluding 2007-present. You further don't mind that government expenditure as % of GDP is 10-15% higher in most other developed countries than it is in the US. But apparently we're at a crisis point.
Yet another internet activist buys a bitcoin, declares himself an economic expert, and proceeds to go about lecturing others on things he doesn't comprehend.
@_date: 2015-06-17 19:52:03
Bitcoin will not solve Greece's problems.
Greece is suffering from a deflationary currency beyond its political control. In the past, Greece would have devalued its local currency. That makes labor cheaper, restoring competitiveness, and lowers the debt burden (pensions etc) that the Greek state cannot, for reasons of politics, simply default on. 
However, because Greece is using a deflationary currency beyond its political control, it cannot do those things. Replacing one deflationary currency beyond its control - the Euro - with another - bitcoin - won't do anything to fix their problems.
Bitcoin is a great tool and it is good at many things, but it is not a panacea for every economic issue that we read about in the headlines. This is one of the instances in which it would not help.
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:55:09
How is that example fabricated? It's one of the best examples of deflation you can find anywhere.
And you can't blame the central banks, either. The fault was with the entire international payments system, predicated on a "sound and stable currency." The gold standard itself was the root cause of the problem, which was exacerbated by individual countries responding in a fully rational and fiscally conservative way. 
The biggest lesson from the Great Depression isn't that central banks are bad. The biggest lesson is that contractions in the money supply (which causes deflation) can have devastating effects, and the best way to avoid this problem is by giving control of the money supply to the central bank by abandoning the gold standard.
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:10:51
You don't know what you're talking about. FRB is not a product of fiat currency. It began with gold-backed currencies, and basically co-existed with the rise of banking in general.
FRB: Depositor A deposits $100. Bank then lends $90 to Borrower B, and keeps the remaining $10 as a cushion. Repeat this process 15,000 times, the bank has a pretty big cushion, and odds are it's pretty safe most of the time. Numerous highly-paid statisticians and historical economists have done calculations providing the best ratio of cushion to lending.
There are all kinds of caveats to be added here, including (but not limited to) the amount of cushion kept (called "reserves"), the risk involved in doing it, historical errors in calculation by banks, and deposit insurance. But I don't feel like typing that all up right now.
However, what I just described is fractional reserve banking. "Fractional reserve" meaning the reserves are a fraction of the total lending. Without FRB, there would be zero point to running a commercial banking enterprise. The bank would be unable to make money on depositor monies, so it would be unable to pay interest on those deposits. Depositors, in turn, would realize that they would be safer burying the money in their back yard - no risk of an insolvent bank going down with their deposit - so they'd do that instead (or invest it). 
@_date: 2014-11-14 16:04:08
I don't think that government-sponsored alt-coins would require a Bretton Woods type agreement. The rise of floating exchange rates in the 70s through 90s was a response to the inflexibility of fixed exchange rates (set up by Bretton Woods and the institutions it spawned), among other factors. I don't think anybody wants to go back to fixed exchange rates, so there'd be no need to set up a Bretton Woods style arrangement where everything is fixed to something else.
Bretton Woods as a topic, I'll add, is a very important and very neglected agreement. It shaped the post-War global order, and helped make the dollar the global reserve currency of choice. Bretton Woods is normally understood to have ended in 1973 with Nixon abandoning the gold standard, so its impact today is not very large. The institutions it created which survived its demise - World Bank, WTO, IMF, a few others - are really how Bretton Woods matters in today's world.
@_date: 2014-04-01 18:00:11
If they've lost control of the whole system, how are they still pulling in trillions of dollars?
What I was trying to get at is that countries with decent tax enforcement capability have no incentive to allow bitcoin payments for taxation.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:50:58
The Fed isn't that complicated. It's just that people are lazy.
@_date: 2014-06-24 01:33:31
That's the danger. People in this sub do not know their history. They neglect the lessons of the Great Depression, do not understand why the Gold Standard (a similar analog to how Bitcoin functions as a currency, not a network), and as a result are dismissive of even the idea of economic policy responding to popular desires.
A thorough understanding of monetary and economic policy throughout history yields many insights, but for me the primary one is this: when there is a tension between economic forces and domestic politics, domestic politics, in representative democracies, wins. Sometimes that win is fleeting (for example Asia post-1997), but more often that win is permanent and the economic system is adjusted to fit (ex: abandoning gold). The ones who are able to enact major, unpopular reforms, or to force their populations to suck up a downturn, are authoritarians, or they turn to political tricks ("blame it on the central bank!") to avoid culpability. 
Any currency which is supposed to function at the scale of a nation needs some mechanism to respond to democratic forces. Otherwise, at the first major economic downturn, it will be abandoned. Bitcoin, as presently designed, faces that same danger.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:08:30
No, currency should not increase in value over time. There are many economic reasons for this, and if you had more knowledge about how currencies should work, you wouldn't be saying that.
For example. Let's say you're a coffee shop owner in NYC, and you import your coffee from Brazil. You do so by signing a contract with a coffee grower in Brazil that states you will pay him $10 per pound for delivery of coffee in 6 months ($10 is the going rate at the time of contract). 6 months roll around, but the dollar has deflated by 5% since then. Now you're paying $10 for what would cost $9.50, if you signed it the day of delivery. 
That situation is the problem with deflation. Deflation also discourages investment because the ROI must exceed the deflation rate, whereas a neutral or slightly inflationary (low single digits) currency encourages investment because simply sitting on your money makes it lose value. However, bitcoin is unlikely to be appreciating at a slow and predictable rate at any point in the forseeable future. If anything, with mass adoption and shrinking supply, it is likely to increase more rapidly over time. That makes predicting future prices even harder.
There are other reasons deflation is bad, but you can look those up yourself. They've been posted in this sub (and dismissed) thousands of times. 
Finally, falling prices of consumer products that you state aren't due to deflation, they're due to increased competition and greater efficiency gains. Those are two different things, please don't confuse them.
@_date: 2014-08-15 04:03:27
Clearly, by asking you to elaborate your statements, I'm grasping at straws.
How about you go back to whatever bullshit anarchist sub you frequent, where it's safe, and you're not questioned. Then you don't have to think about what you're saying, and my time isn't wasted reading your nonsense replies.
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:36:29
Any real analysis of the 2008 crisis would be far too long to type out here. The factors are myriad, come from the last 3-4 decades worth of economic thought and policy, and are not in any way limited by borders. It is just as lazy and simplistic to say "the crash was caused by central bank policy" as it is lazy and simplistic to say "regulators could have stopped it" as it is to say "private banks were greedy and did bad things."
@_date: 2014-08-19 16:28:21
Thanks again for added links. I agree that they don't need to sell USD to feed the system RMB, I was just pointing out that if they wanted to keep the same rate of inflation they could offset their USD sales by printing RMB, keeping the net effect on the money supply neutral. Kind of how the ECB has handled its first iteration of purchasing sov debt.
Could you explain how the USD at the central bank have liabilities on the other side in RMB? At its simplest level, I understand the conversion process to work as follows:
Exporter sends products to US, gets paid in USD. He then ships USD to China, takes it to a state-run bank, and the state-run bank then converts the USD to RMB at the government rate.
The state-run bank then either holds onto the USD itself or sends it up the river to the PBoC, which sits on the USD, buys Treasuries with it, or invests it abroad in a number of other ways. They keep a lot liquid to facilitate import-export, as you mentioned, but not all of it.
I don't see how that process results in a liability being added to the asset sheet. Am I missing something?
@_date: 2014-10-16 13:27:15
The implication is that without fractional reserve banking, there is no reason for a consumer banking bank to exist. To my knowledge, there has never been a consumer (meaning open to the general public) bank that didn't use some form of fractional reserve banking.
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:38:28
Scientists prove existence of the multiverse. Does bitcoin exist in parallel universes? Can we merge the blockchains?
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:57:19
Thank you for this reply.
Let us grant you a magic wand which lets you change all policies you'd like to. What would you do to the Fed and our monetary system? For example, if it's abolished, what replaces it (if anything)?
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:31:21
I get the transparency argument. I am not sold that the public is incapable of understanding the laws - although given the rise of independent, partisan law-writing shops who hand Congressmen fully-written bills, maybe you have a better case there.
I'm not sold because I've also studied the topics of inequality and Congressional change fairly extensively in grad school. One of the most interesting visiting people we had was former Congressman Dave Obey, who made the same arguments against the "sunshine laws" - particularly the use of CSPAN cameras in the house. He told some interesting stories about Republicans during the Gingrich era who would take to the floor when it was empty but the cameras were rolling, and then make fiery bombastic speeches which got news play but were completely irrelevant to the actual functioning of the House because, well, nobody else was listening.
From my perspective, there's a lot at play in the issue of inequality, and not all of it can be pegged on Congress. There was also a big change in corporate culture - the explosion of shareholder corporations, the invention of the modern CEO by Jack Welsh at GE, among other things. The rise of globalization eliminated jobs that lower-educated Americans traditionally held, helping drive wage stagnation because Joe Schmo is now competing on his labor costs with Chinese peasants instead of other Americans. Cheap Japanese money poured in throughout the 80s (mirroring the explosion of Chinese money in the 1990s-2000s) which helped fuel a stock market boom, which in turn enriched the already-rich and didn't do much for the average person who couldn't invest all that much. Adding on to things, the rise of conservative think tanks starting in the 70s helped drive the public discourse to where it is now, with many policy implications that affected inequality (free trade, lowering the redistributive component of our tax lawss, among others). And then there's the clearly-Congressional changes - the 1977-1978 Congress passed several key changes to tax and bankruptcy laws which made it easier for companies to declare bankruptcy in order to shed themselves of pension obligations, which were replaced by 401(k)s, effectively making workers pay for their own retirement, a reversal of the preceding status quo.
Anyway, my point is, there's a lot going on there, and if we're going to blame it all on Congressional transparency, we'll need a high burden of proof to back it up. I don't doubt the central claim that secret ballot might improve Congress' performance, but I don't know that would solve inequality
@_date: 2014-08-18 16:04:18
I'm not arguing with you that it is under strain, and I also agree that the system is a Ponzi scheme (one of the few times that often-misused descriptor is correct!) with the average Chinese investor being at the bottom of that pyramid.
I'm arguing that you need to make a stronger case for this particular thing being worse than the things that came before. The two bailouts, in particular, make more of a case for "things are imploding" for me than a "so this trust is having a contraction."
I mean, just last week the government gave allowances for all 5 major banks to issue more shares. That's not something you'd do as a last-ditch panic effort. Yes, re-capitalization is an attempt to ensure the safety of the banks. But if they were under severe strain, why wouldn't there just be a bigger third bailout? Doing so is both faster and easier.
I agree with your earlier comment that the banks can't "explode" because the state runs them. Even if the reported rate of loan failure is correct, the Chinese could easily create an off sheet entity to hold all the bad loans, like the Japanese did in the 90s, and then just write that off. They can print all the money they want (within reason, assuming they want to stay in the WTO), which would probably help their export position but would create massive public unrest. The bargain that the Communists have struck with the people - stability + growth - is under threat in that scenario.
@_date: 2014-10-09 20:07:36
Insert obligatory libertarian "don't need no regulation" ramble here.
@_date: 2014-09-25 18:26:46
Right. 
The implication of this line of thinking, of course, is that investing in bitcoin is folly unless you are getting tremendous returns. Like 100% plus. And if you're not getting that level of returns, then (if your sole goal is investing) you should cut your losses and get out. If you go into an investment strategy and you require 10, 15, 20% returns on your stock and actually lose money on it, then the smart thing to do is end that position and put your money elsewhere.
The conclusion, I think, is to not think of it as an investment. For most people (if not all) bitcoin should not be seen as a means to get rich, or retire, or anything like that. It's a way of conducting transactions with fewer transaction fees, it's a way of sending remittances abroad more cheaply, or its a way of trying to protect financial anonymity. I guess you could also argue it's a way of donating to an interesting technological / philosophical project, but few people would call that an "investment" in the true sense of the world (expecting a positive return).
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:18:19
"Lost decades" doesn't imply that Japan went backwards, only that it didn't grow as fast as it could. The same term is being used to describe Latin America during the 1990s and the US during the 2000s, with the implication being that bad policy and market crashes resulted in a period of less-than-maximum growth. That is unquestionably true for Japan: you have to remember that, in 1990, Japan's growth was such that people predicted it would become a global superpower by 2000. Granted, those expectations were colored by the real estate bubble which popped and led to 20 years of low growth (by global and Japanese standards).
"Balance of trade" and "current account" are not the same thing, so I will assume you meant "current account." I think those measurements are anachronistic because they were born in the gold standard era, when a current account deficit meant that there was an economic contraction on the horizon due to how the global gold standard worked (by this I mean the system from the late 19th to mid-20th century, depending on how you want to count it). Today, it really does not matter nearly as much as it did 80 years ago, but our discourse hasn't caught up to that yet. The truth is that someone, someplace, will always be running a deficit. And if it doesn't cause many problems, then who cares? Most Western advanced countries run current account deficits because they ship so much money (in investment) overseas to developing nations, which boosts their surplus even further. I know of economists who have argued that current account deficits are a sign of health, not the reverse.
My argument re: Abenomics is the following: he got elected primarily on a platform to do what he's doing. That implies that the Japanese public believes that they are stagnating as a result of their monetary policy, which has been more or less the same since 1990. That's all the legitimacy I need to say "there is a stagnation problem in Japan:" the Japanese voters. You can argue that they're brainwashed too, but at that point its a stretch.
My final point is that everything related to Japan's prospects has to be concerned with the demographic issue. Their increasing age, xenophobic immigration policies as compared to other industrialized countries, etc means that the economics of Japan is different than most other places. That is the primary reason their unemployment is low, above all others. Job growth can be negative because population growth is negative, keeping unemployment the same. But neither factor is ideal, and neither factor is sustainable over the long run.
And it's important to remember what the cause of the "lost decades" theory was: Japan's dealings with its financial sector post-1990 crash. They neither let the banks fail nor bailed them out, creating "zombie banks" and introducing deflation as monetary policy was not adequately coordinated with the new economic reality. They basically tried to not make a decision. Until 2012, when Abe underwent Japan's ongoing QE program - which, by the way, has successfully raised the rate of inflation do desirable levels and has resulted in economic growth.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:50:44
Which is my point. Bitcoin was not designed with a good understanding of how and why currencies work. It was designed as a technological question first, and a method of payment second. Hence why I don't think that Bitcoin will ever become a true replacement for fiat, state-backed currencies. There will never be a 100% bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:19:56
Thanks for the reply, wasn't expecting the author of the video to show up.
I do find your argument interesting and intuitive. I'd just like to know more about how it correlates across borders. It seems to me that we can't say "making voting secret results in better outcomes for the average voter" without being able to explain how other countries without secret ballot have obtained lower inequality than the US - which is basically everyone else in the developed world. I don't think that Russia or Brazil would be the best case studies to compare to the US, either - should probably stick to Western Europe / Canada. There are too many differences between the development trajectories and societal makeup of Russia and Brazil to make them useful comparisons, in my opinion.
I'll watch the rest of your video later. Thanks again for the reply.
@_date: 2014-08-13 19:26:53
Step 2: Create videos and internet posts proclaiming the imminent creation of step 3.
@_date: 2014-05-21 19:21:11
I'd also add that a major driving force in the US abandoning gold under Nixon was simple arbitrage. The going market price for gold was substantially different than $35 per ounce, so people were trying to make money by taking the difference between the market rate and the Fed's fixed rate.
Generally speaking, monetary policy in the 20th century can be seen as a progression from fixed-rate, specie-backed currencies to floating-rate fiat. The reasons for this shift are numerous, but prime among them is the need for governments to respond to economic downturns and crises. Metal-backed currencies, or any currency with a fixed supply, simply are not flexible enough to survive democratic politics for very long.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:33:26
This is a very, very bad way to determine value. First of all, bitcoin isn't a stock, it is a currency. Second, AAPL has its value because it makes a profit on its products - something a currency shouldn't do, because it should be relatively stable, and not continuously making money for whomever happens to own it. Third, there is no justification at all for comparing AAPL to bitcoin. Why not Samsung, or IBM, or Google, or Amazon?
You should spend more time thinking about the design of your analyses.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:14:17
No worries. I'm just some guy on the internet, don't sweat it :) I am also used to academic papers that start with the argument, then elaborate it, then conclude. That might not be the best way to reach a mass audience, so perhaps your approach is better for this video.
@_date: 2014-11-20 22:55:12
Then an independent central bank, which is supposed to be insulated from the influence of politicians, can ignore those proposals.
@_date: 2014-08-08 15:41:41
Yes, I agree with that. There's two real ways for the dollar to get destroyed. The first is the above, a gigantic systemic failure by the financial system which would have to be coupled with another region or country thriving. Post-2008, there were no good alternatives for people to park their money in, so US borrowing costs reached historic lows while its deficits reached historic highs. There would need to be a better alternative for investors.
The second is the slow trickle, sustained significant government deficits over time. This is the traditional sovereign debt avenue.
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:23:36
But because 100% of all banking issues can't be solved by regulation, why have any regulation at all?????
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:51:56
The business would have a negative real return, yes, but it is losing less money than keeping the money unspent and idle. Economically speaking, it is desirable, assuming there are no better alternatives. Losing 1% per year is preferable to losing 2%.
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:59:57
I'm not going to argue possibly-fictitious quotes that you dug up on the internet. That kind of argument is pointless - neither I nor you really know what the person was talking about, the context, etc - and basically all that lazy style of argument does is attempt to say "some dead guy said X, who are you to argue with him?!" I could easily see that quote as warning against democratic self-rule.
I very much doubt you have any background in economics or central banking, so I won't go too far into detail here, but every issuance of money by a state is a type of debt - and that is NOT a bad thing. 
You don't understand finance if you don't understand the value that debt provides. There's no reason that a government cannot responsibly use debt to finance its expenditures, for long periods of time. There's zero reason from a financial perspective to be as rabidly anti-debt as you and many others seem to be.
Finally, your terminology is bad. "The Bankers" - who are they, exactly, and in what period of time? "interest-free" money. What is that? "debt-free money" - what is that, too? 
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:11:44
No, it's not. In fact, when Germany was unable to pay in 1923, France annexed parts of its territory as payment, so this isn't a hypothetical. When Germany devalued its currency rapidly, however, it forced its creditors into renegotiating its deal. So cheapening the currency was a safer route.
@_date: 2014-11-20 22:31:34
Systems can be made fragile for a variety of reasons. Prime among them would be ignoring the advice of people with expertise in the field, in favor of the whims of an uninformed mob.
@_date: 2014-05-07 20:40:17
Not that bad, really. I'd add in to the mix a trend toward deregulation beginning with reagan and epitomized by Clinton's repeal of Glass-Steagall in 1999. I'd also add cheap money during the 2000's fueled by a combination of Greenspan and Chinese growth requiring them to invest dollars, among other factors. 
But yeah, you seem to get my point. Any analysis which blames it on one thing is stupid.
@_date: 2014-09-19 18:07:09
I would be amazed if banks bother paying anyone to post here. First, they're not "scared and terrified" despite the common conception here that they are (Wall Street co-opts technology, that's what it does, and it will do the same with Bitcoin if it thinks it can make money), and second this community is not big enough to matter or create opinion. If they wanted to suppress bitcoin, they'd suppress it via far more influential publications - WSJ, NYT, Bloomberg, or one of their in-house research arms publishing stuff shaming it.
The vast, vast majority of people are not on reddit, and of those that are, the vast, vast majority don't read this sub and don't give a shit about bitcoin. Spending money to "suppress the truth" here would just be a waste of money.
@_date: 2014-09-20 19:31:53
Tragically, everyone in the picture was shot by Chris and Snoop just minutes after this picture was taken, and their bodies were hidden in some nearby vacants.
@_date: 2014-09-26 15:04:34
Glad we finally have proof of what was already known: the revolving door between regulators and banks is spinning so fast that regulators don't want to bite the hand that will feed them in the next stage of their careers. That this happens at the Fed is news, but everyone also knows that the same dynamic is one of the primary causes of Washington's dysfunction as well.
Maybe this will lead to stronger, more independent regulation and an improved culture among those who are supposed to be the watchdogs for the general public.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:15:04
The LIBOR scandal is both a good and bad example of what you refer to. LIBOR was created back in the day when instantaneous information sharing was unavailable, so the central bank would call up I think 10 (more or less) individual banks to find out the interest rates they were paying. Said central bank would call all 10 banks at the same time (3pm) so as to mitigate for intraday market swings. 
Anyway, fast forward to the 2000's, and instead of updating LIBOR by having it reflect publicly-available market info provided by the exchanges, this antiquated system continued. Hence the rigging, and we know the rest.
I guess what my point is is that the bitcoin network seems like a really complicated way of fixing LIBOR when a far simpler way - taking already-available trades from markets - fixes the same problem. Hence why I asked for a specific example of why the bitcoin network would be preferable to stock exchanges for verification.
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:28:59
Interesting idea. The other caveat to your design that is lacking are consumer and merchant protection laws; if Visa and a vendor have a dispute, they can always settle it in court. Handling such things in bitcoin would add an extra layer of complexity to an escrow service. Doing so wouldn't be a deal-breaker necessarily, but it would require many years worth of legal development to handle things such as smart contracts, etc.
@_date: 2014-08-27 18:28:16
Which means that instead of providing buy/sell and showing you the spread they're making, they're just charging you the spread without telling you what it is.
Edit - why the hell are people downvoting this? It's completely true.
@_date: 2014-08-04 14:01:42
I completely agree with you.
Recipe to make (1 daily serving):
- 1 post anarchy, preferably "the state is doomed"
- 1 post "the banks are terrified." This can be substituted for an economic analysis that exhibits zero understanding of economics.
- 1 post "All my coins are gone. Wat do?" or "All my coins are gone. PSA: Don't let this happen to you."
- 1 post "bitcoin is the future of everthing." As a lower-fat substitute, this can be "Here's a euphoric shower thought I had a few minutes ago."
- 2 posts "Here's a selfie with me and a bitcoin ATM I stumbled across someplace"
- 2 posts about bitcoin's technical aspects, including reasonable questions
- 10 posts about stores accepting bitcoin, or trying to get them to accept bitcoin
Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Add a dash of circlejerk. Serve with crackers. Should crackers get stale, one can always use an exotic "GHASH.IO IS AT 45% OH GOD," which provides an excellent spice to the proceedings.
Edited to include the excellent additions of @_date: 2014-12-09 23:05:38
I agree fully with you. I think making fun of anyone who likes bitcoin, just because they like bitcoin, is stupid. Like I said, even though I am not very optimistic about its future, I have a couple of them sitting around just in case I'm wrong. And it certainly does have great potential, or at the very least (if it fails) it is a positive test case for proving that decentralized authority systems over the internet can work, can be stable, and have a chance at mass adoption.
I don't think bitcoin is the best idea ever conceived, and I don't think it is a Ponzi scheme designed by Satoshi to make himself rich. If he wanted to do that, he would have kept his coins moving in perpetuity so that he could cash out secretly, probably in 2012 or 2013. I think the idea of bitcoin and the blockchain protocol are certainly great ideas that deserve further exploration. Will bitcoin reach $10k and destroy banking? No, probably not. But, as ever, no one knows the future.
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:18:42
China wants gold because China needs to diversify its dollar holdings. It's also buying euros, swiss francs, etc. They have enough motivation to buy gold out of pure economic reasons, claims of nuclear alchemy aside.
@_date: 2014-10-01 21:17:40
Pizzaface18, someone who clearly has a handle on things and has read a Rand or two. Please OP, tell us more, as long as doing so wouldn't muddy your immaculate conception of yourself.
@_date: 2014-09-09 18:44:38
Higher transaction volume would be a net increase in demand for bitcoins. There would be time lags between someone buying bitcoin and paying with bitcoin. During that lag, because the bitcoin is remaining unspent, it has been removed from the bitcoin economy, driving the price of other bitcoins up. The lag might be a few seconds, or it might be a couple of days, but it's still a lag, and with thousands (or millions) of users, that temporary "hoarding" adds up fast.
This assumes that both parties are consistently converting to fiat, which in the retail scenario, they almost always are. The hope for a pure bitcoin ecosystem, without any fiat conversions, is years away from happening, if ever. People and their employers will need to pay taxes, which are always in the form of legal tender, which is always fiat.
@_date: 2014-10-10 15:33:27
That's kind of why the movie was made. Thank you for being susceptible to overt advertising.
@_date: 2014-10-08 18:07:32
He's not a journalist, he's a pop economist. None of those guys tell the "full story" because none of those guys do much research anymore. They're basically economic study aggregators. And if he's not interested in bitcoin - as it seems he's not - then I don't see why we should expect him to study it, because someone else will. Academics in general pick topics that interest them, not those which the public wants them to.
@_date: 2014-09-03 12:28:15
Russia passed a law a few months ago to start creating their own internal SWIFT-like network, so the more likely result is that they build that, and then skirt around the SWIFT network ban, assuming it happens (I don't think it will), by using sneaky alternatives, MNC's who are headquartered in foreign countries, other countries willing to play middleman, etc.
I don't think bitcoin is going to become a big option in Russia. For starters, SWIFT handles millions of transactions a day, so bitcoin probably can't handle the volume required. Second, SWIFT is used by every company to send payments across borders, so you'd need the counterparty be ok with accepting bitcoin, and given the laws in place (both about tracking payments, and the embargoes etc) in many countries I wouldn't expect them to be that willing to help the Gazproms of the world out. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 19:06:51
The analogy is very good. The only thing is that it proves that you can analyze the bitcoin currency separate from the bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2014-08-24 15:37:26
Right, but if a BTC bank starts issuing bank notes or using fractional reserve banking, then it could pay customers an interest rate. That gives people an incentive to not leave their BTC idle at home, and then you have a banking system.
@_date: 2014-11-03 16:17:31
People mock each other all the time. What OP complained about is that there aren't subreddits mocking other asset classes. I don't know how true that is, but it's also worth pointing out that there aren't many communities making claims like on reddit. How many goldbugs thing that widespread adoption of gold is inevitable, will happen in the near-term, and will result in the destruction of central banking?
makes some wild claims, and some of those claims are outlandish enough to warrant mockery. That's the simple of it.
@_date: 2014-09-26 04:48:07
Why do people upvote this bullshit?
@_date: 2014-05-15 00:33:30
Trust me, unless you actually know that area, you're wrong. We'll see in 7 months. Whomever gets the Republican nomination will win, and typically that means people out-crazy each other with promises to ban abortion, crack down on illegal immigrants, cut taxes, and/or re-instate the Sunday alcohol ban - in that order. 
Promising free Chickfila, however, could easily win Barr the seat.
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:26:41
The economic concerns aren't related to bitcoin's infancy. They're related to its design. It would be silly to complain, as you rightly point out, that bitcoin's verification takes 10 minutes plus for example - because that is a problem related to its infancy. It is not silly to note, however, that a purposefully-deflationary currency - one whose deflation should only accelerate, I'll add - is not a good currency to plan future expenses in.
There are very valid concerns about the bitcoin currency's design that go beyond its young age. T
@_date: 2014-08-25 03:12:21
That's a pipe dream.
Among other problems, the transaction costs would be immense. The accounting, from the POV of the exporter, would be a nightmare. Further, who would they actually use as their clearinghouse? 
There's too many problems with that system to pretend that is a feasible solution.
@_date: 2014-08-15 05:00:33
If the US wanted a strong dollar, they wouldn't have embarked on QE. They would have undergone swift and severe austerity. They also wouldn't have been one of the main forces pressuring China to appreciate the RMB, because that makes the USD weaker as a currency pair.
Please define "strong dollar policy" with examples, because I am not sure what you are talking about. At least since 2000, and arguably earlier, the US has been purposefully weakening the USD.
@_date: 2014-01-20 21:26:55
The most widely respected scholar on the Great Depression is Bernanke, and his viewpoint is exactly the one I just gave. He is particularly outspoken about the danger that the inflexible gold standard posed to democratic economies. And Keynes' crucial observation - that the rise of labor, and the expansion of suffrage in democracies, required a government response - is still as true then as it is today. "Suck it up, and be happy with your lower wages" is no longer an adequate policy response to an economic crisis. A political party in a democracy can choose that position if they want, but it will be to their electoral detriment. The only people who can enact a truly laissez faire policy today are dictators and unelected technocrats.
By the way, if Friedman or Hayek (both widely discredited today, mostly by the economic advancements including work on information asymmetries, psychological herd behavior, and economic geography) were in charge, the recession we're in would have been a Depression. Bernanke's policy choices were entirely based in his knowledge of the Great Depression, which is why the Fed has so dramatically expanded the money supply since 2008.
@_date: 2014-08-04 17:25:55
The laziest example would be serial killers. The psychological example would be sociopaths (who know their activity is wrong, but don't care) and psychopaths (who genuinely don't know their activity is wrong).
Real-world examples would be any number of militant organizations (think Kone, or any of the numerous other African warlords), criminal networks involved in things like human trafficking, and terrorist / religious extremists who think their rules should govern everyone else. 
And I think that war situations are among the best test cases for how people would act in an anarchist world. In such situations, individual soldiers have the capability to take whatever they please and often do not have oversight which would punish them for breaking the rules. What happens in those situations? Do the soldiers peaceably and reasonably go about their duties, or do they take advantage of others?
A final example would be powerful multi-national corporations fucking over indigenous populations in pursuit of profits. For example, see the activities of Royal Dutch Shell in Nigeria. By buying off what should have been the authorities (removing the authority that should have limited their actions), RDS was able to do whatever the fuck it pleased, to the detriment of everyone in Nigeria. See also Belgium in the Congo at the start of the 20th century. Granted, that is an example of a state exploiting the indigenous, but as a case study in what a powerful entity can do in the absence of limiting behavioral norms (or oversight from an authoritative body), it is relevant to this discussion.
In a world without rules and punishments for breaking those rules, those with ethics find their realm of potential behavior limited in comparison to those who act without ethical or moral guidance. That gives those without ethics a giant advantage: other than other ethic-less competitors, there is nothing to stop them.
@_date: 2014-08-24 16:07:15
There won't be a central bank printing bitcoin, but there will probably be cartels of the biggest players making promises to bail each other out in the event of a bank run. Before the Fed, that's how banks dealt with bank runs.
But yes, customers will need to be more cautious about choosing their btc bank because there is no deposit insurance and there is no central bank to bail them out. There is certainly more risk than fiat brick-and-mortar banks.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:22:11
You're assuming better alternatives exist. As I already said, the better alternatives will always be used first. Inflation and deflation affect decision-making only at the low end of the spectrum, which is why I'm talking about only that portion. Of course if there are better options, they should be taken.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:45:47
I didn't say that. I said using them is illegal.
Further, if people were able to get into bitcoin using rubles, you would have seen a transaction spike in rubles (which has happened, but has only gone to some thing like several hundred transactions) and you would see a spike in bitcoin's price because demand would increase. That hasn't happened.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:08:58
This isn't really a Keynesian question, it is a question about the economics of currencies in general.
Inflation can be thought of as a systemic tax that encourages spending and consumption. If inflation is at say 2%, then effectively 2% of the value of your money evaporates every year. That means that you have an incentive to invest in things, because any positive gain helps offset the 2% you're guaranteed to lose. Your investments can be in actual "investments" (stocks, bonds, etc) or in physical things (a house, land etc). Any investment with a positive return therefore makes sense for you to pursue. Therefore inflation, in small amounts, encourages spending, investment, and consumption.
On the other hand, deflation discourages spending. If your money is increasing at say 2% per year, then any investment you can think of has to make more than 2% to be worth your time. Under the inflation example, if you had a business idea which was going to generate 1% in profit every year, you'd go do it. Under the deflation paradigm, you wouldn't.
Broad-scale, that's why inflation is preferable to deflation, and why central banks have inflation targets and freak out in response to deflation.
Your example is a little problematic. First of all, banks usually pay less than inflation in interest on savings and checking accounts, so you're still losing money by parking your savings in the bank, you're just losing a little less than you would if it were under your mattress. Second, even if the bank did pay more than inflation, it would have a hard time doing that over the long haul. And third, if we set aside our objections on your hypothetical, the only way the bank is able to do this is by lending your money out and getting a higher return in the marketplace. So if your money is parked in the bank earning you money, it's also out in the market earning the bank money. Your money is being spent by somebody, just not you. This situation doesn't result in underinvestment the same way that deflation does.
@_date: 2014-08-02 17:20:07
Using market cap to establish a value per coin is idiotic. Here's some actual maths:
OP argues that there are $50 billion worth of transactions which can be replaced fully by bitcoin. He then divides that by the number of bitcoins, and reaches his absurd conclusion.
But what if we use the same logic to establish the value of the dollar?
$50bn worth of transactions divided by 1.29 trillion US dollars in circulation means that the dollar should only be worth 4.8 cents! After all, we take the total potential market cap and divide by the number of dollars in circulation. Maths!
Market cap divided by a number of bills in circulation doesn't establish anything. This article is just a very lazy attempt by OP to persuade others to buy what he already owns, thereby making himself profit.
@_date: 2014-03-11 05:35:30
The retail argument, as you correctly point out, is contingent on future expectations. If you think bitcoin will spread, then retailers auto-adjusting prices in terms of dollars may fade. It will not ever completely disappear because retailers will need to pay taxes in some jurisdiction somewhere, and that jurisdiction has no incentive to accept bitcoin instead of their preferred currency (dollars, euros, what have you). There is no way for retailers to avoid this dilemma without resorting to illegal means. Now, sure, eventually a government may accept tax payments in bitcoin form, but that would be a first. Imagine the US accepting euro-denominated tax payments.
The second point, about central banking, is not potentially a short-term problem. It is very much a long-term problem. In any state, power over the money supply provides tremendous policy flexibility. It can be used for bad (excessive inflation / deflation) and it can be used for good (most economists think that expanding the money supply post-2008 helped mitigate the Recession, preventing a Depression). 
Central banks and the states which support them are unlikely to give up that policy lever anytime in the future. I also think that you could make the case for such policy flexibility being in the public's best interest, provided there is oversight to prevent as much as possible the potential downsides. The gold standard, the classic example of a more or less fixed money supply, is now widely credited for exacerbating the Great Depression by spreading it abroad to countries which would have been fine had they not been on gold. Countries which abandoned gold the soonest recovered the fastest. There's a reason we have fiat currency, not gold-backed, today.
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:06:27
Technically, because all the bitcoin protocol needs is one computer running it, it is indestructible. Effectively, however, government sanction can render bitcoin so difficult and pointless to use that almost nobody bothers to do so anymore.
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:01:43
Oh, so all we need then is the complete abolition of commercial banking. Great plan, glad I read it, thanks.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:45:49
I agree that subprime mortgages were a fundamental cause to the 2008 crash, yes.
I fully get your view on bad apples - that crashes are when they get weeded out, making the system stronger. That is true, as long as the people (assuming a democratic government) tolerate the downturn long enough for that to take place. I don't think, generally speaking, that the public would support a "tough love" politician.
I'm not saying that I trust government to do any of those things well, only providing their reasoning for doing what they do. 
Given bitcoin's policy inflexibility, I think it is a pipe dream that it becomes any Western nation's primary currency. That is what I was getting at in this line of conversation. That doesn't mean that bitcoin has no future or no value - it still has uses, speculation will remain within it, and countries with monetary issues might turn to it as a measure of last resort - but I see a large number of conversations here which assume an inevitable future in which bitcoin is the global currency, and I doubt that will ever take place. Those thoughts are why I embarked on this conversation.
Nice chatting with you as well.
@_date: 2014-08-01 12:04:15
The state will always be able to buy things in its legal tender, because the modern state usually comprises around 30-40% of the economy. That gives vendors a rather obvious reason to accept payment from that giant customer in the easiest method possible, which is by accepting payment in legal tender. If they won't accept that, then the state will just go buy things from someone who will.
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:41:11
Then you won't be buying a house by taking on debt, which most likely means you won't be buying a house at all. Welcome to the pre-1940 economy.
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:49:04
There are many other causes which can create deflation. That is my point.
@_date: 2014-09-07 15:38:04
Why do people still make these bets? It's been pretty clearly demonstrated that nobody can predict with any accuracy the future price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-26 18:10:43
As you can tell, I don't know much ofa nything about cryptography. Thanks for answering!
I guess I'm wondering how something like proving a contract would actually work in practice. Do hash functions change every few years, and if so, how would I prove that one particular hash applies to a particular document I've existified? Would the other person just dispute that the particular hash was used, and if so, what's the outcome then? 
@_date: 2014-05-19 19:59:52
Weather is as predictable as anything else in finance. Furthermore, although I haven't personally seen a weather swap, I would bet that the premium on that is significantly higher than one on say a stock futures contract, depending on the timeframe of course.
I meant to say that bitcoin derivatives, for all intents and purposes, are not used. As you correctly said, that is partly a function of bitcoin's volume, but the other reason is the extreme uncertainty in bitcoin as compared to other instruments. In a fully-developed bitcoin economy, what you describe as cheap and effortless hedging would indeed occur. I'm just saying that nobody knows if that will ever happen.
Re: stability as a prerequisite for bitcoin adoption. Clearly, volatility hasn't hurt bitcoin's adoption so far. I think there's two questions here, really. The first is to what extent do we judge bitcoin's success as a currency, and the second is to what extent do we judge bitcoin's success as a means of decentralized authorization. The network has been the main reason for bitcoin's success so far - the tech people, the programmers, etc really like it as a tech probject. As a currency, who knows.
Your final question is not a feasible scenario. If it is too volatile for use as a unit of account, then volatility risks cannot be cheaply and effortlessly hedged away. Its volatility would be too high for hedging to be an affordable option. Your question, essentially, is "given a scenario in which bitcoin is hugely volatile, why would that hamper adoption if the volatility gets effortlessly and cheaply managed?" It's a contradictory question.
@_date: 2014-09-02 13:09:26
the Cypriot "bail-in" as they call it involved taking the money of high-deposit people. The equivalent of FDIC insurance in the EU, which as I recall covers 100k euros, was still kept. It was the money above that amount which was seized.
And again, that's good for market discipline. It means that people have to pay attention to the bank they're depositing into. And in the Cypriot case, high-value deposits were often those of Russian oligarchs who were using Cyprus in the same way that billionaires in the States use the Caymans, so there wasn't a ton of sympathy for the idea of EU tax money being paid to oligarchs.
@_date: 2014-08-11 19:57:14
There is very little incentive for a fortune 500 company to want to check a 3rd party website just to pay its bills. 
- the amount of bitcoin involved is likely to be insignificant in comparison to its fiat transactions, so why bother?
- vendors (or any outside party for that matter) aren't going to send an invoice in BTC. It takes big companies months to process invoices and pay them out, by which time BTC's price will have changed. Vendors will want fiat, or they will want BTC in relation to the fiat price. If they choose that second option, then effectively they're just asking the company to convert their money into BTC for no reason.
- employee contracts would need to be changed so their renumeration is in BTC, not fiat. Further complicating those matters, the company would then need to deduct payroll taxes / pre-tax deductions from their BTC paychecks in fiat, meaning that every two weeks they would need to adjust the BTC paid. They'd also need to come up with an accounting system that somehow handles both. So this is a pain in the ass, too.
You will have better luck getting small companies to adopt before getting the big ones to get on board. The big ones have too many pragmatic concerns. There are exceptions of course, but there isn't much financial incentive for them to agree to pay employees / vendors in BTC without converting first.
@_date: 2014-06-24 14:15:05
There is merit to the idea that an inflationary environment encourages malinvestment, or at least the investment of money in sub-optimal ways. I don't dispute that at all. The question is where that line lies, and whether or not we are better off with a little malinvestment (slight inflation) or a little underinvestment (slight deflation). I don't know the answer to that question.
The critical thing, however, is that in both cases the inflation and deflation must be slight. If I were to pick a number, i'd say something within 5-10% of zero, in both directions. If Bitcoin gets to that level of deflation - a scenario I think unlikely, given its declining supply as demand is predicted to increase - then that debate becomes worth having. For now, however, it is all hypothetical. Anything beyond that range - and I don't claim to know what that range is, but I do know that it will be moderate - is usually detrimental to the economy.
@_date: 2014-09-02 03:57:24
Except that document doesn't say it would confiscate bank deposits, it says it would force shareholders and creditors to pay before a government bailout takes place. FDIC insurance would still trump "unsecured creditors," which in this context actually means other companies (likely banks) which lent the failing institution money or collateral. There's nothing in Dodd-Frank which says "FDIC insurance will stop applying in these situations."
For example, in the weeks before Bear Stearns collapsed, it took out several loans with other Wall Street entities in an attempt to stem the tide. In the future, those entities would be fucked. 
Re: shareholders, what that means is that the stock would effectively become worthless as the institution collapses. The point of that is to ensure that a government bailout doesn't equate to taking money from taxpayers and handing it to shareholders as part of the bailout. 
Both of those measures are intended to ensure that shareholders and creditors actually have risk in the companies they own shares in - so hopefully better market-driven oversight. The entire purpose of those clauses is to mitigate the too big to fail subsidy and to ensure that future bailouts go to save the failing institution itself, not everyone who has financial connections to said institution.
Finally, even if they hypothetically did get rid of FDIC insurance, that would be good from a libertarian / market-friendly perspective. That would mean that depositors have to give a shit about the banks they are depositing into, instead of trusting the $250k insurance they get from the FDIC. 
So, both the video and your headline are completely incorrect. And if they were accurate, it would be good from a market perspective.
@_date: 2014-09-15 05:05:44
I suggest you learn it from other sources. Academia, much maligned these days, is full of contradictory and opposing views on everything economic. It is short-sighted for anyone to say "academia believes X" because it is almost never the case.
I suggest you get an academic background on the subject. Learning it as an amateur limits yourself only to those willing to give their information for free, which most intelligent people will not do.
@_date: 2014-08-10 06:28:59
Given your post, I'm not surprised.
- 
- 
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:24:38
I'm not restricting myself to a discussion of Bitcoin specifically, I'm talking about currencies in general (as this is what the OP asked). Deflation can come about in response to many causes - not necessarily just economic growth. Bitcoin specifically deflates due to demand outpacing supply, as you mention, but it is also purposefully designed to deflate by virtue of the algorithm halving production every few years.
@_date: 2014-09-14 04:58:51
Confirming that whatever Jon said is in the benefit of bitcoin. Thank you sir.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:04:19
Ayn Rand is the haven of teenagers and those who can't critically think. Her philosophy has so many critical problems that an entire sub could be devoted to discussing it. If you want a champion, find someone other than Rand.
A brief summary of Randian problems:
1. Who takes care of those who can't take care of themselves (the sick, those born with genetic abnormalities, etc)? If giving money in return for nothing is a sin, then who pays for those people?
2. The environment. Since everyone pursues their own self-interest, nobody cares what damage is done to the environment, and nobody pays to monitor / cover such things.
3. Ignorance of how the market formed in capitalist countries. Markets did not spontaneously create themselves as two rational individuals traded the products of their work; the market and the state have always been intertwined and inter-dependent. Markets need property law (and more critically, enforcement of that law by authorities), contract enforcement, and legal systems to remove arbitrariness which increases uncertainty. Why do you think there's been all the bitcoin-related scams? Nobody's there watching them.
4. Not even going to go into her extremely unorthodox opinions on sex, and the borderline rape which is seemingly celebrated in her books.
5. The stupidity of judging everyone by the market value of their production. What about homemakers, who produce nothing but raise children (which have no market-based monetary value, or actually maybe they would in a Randian economy). What about researchers who spend their lives investigating things which might not have any real world application, but improve our knowledge and help the future? What about artists whose work is not appreciated until well after their death? According to Rand, they are wasting their time and talent.
@_date: 2014-06-17 13:46:45
The IRS ruled it is a commodity. The fact that the FBI is selling what it considers a seized commodity (like a truck seized while a crime is in progress) doesn't indicate that the US is legitimizing bitcoin as a currency. They are recognizing that these things they have have value, and therefore seek to gain that value. It says nothing about bitcoin becoming an accepted currency. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 14:43:15
I think this is quite likely the future of bitcoin. Assuming widespread adoption, there will be fewer bitcoin in circulation than is optimal (decreasing supply meets increasing demand). Basically, there would be a shortage of bitcoin, which guarantees very fast deflation, which is generally bad for business (because you're paying more for something today than you would have to pay tomorrow). Private entities would deal with this problem by creating bitcoin-backed derivatives, with banks taking the route of issuing "bank notes" denominated in bitcoin, backed by customer deposits. 
The libertarian elements will never accept such things, but most people aren't libertarians, and with widespread adoption some clever people without strong political viewpoints are going to figure out a way to fill that market niche.
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:45:01
A deflationary currency will not encourage consumption, at least not nearly as much as an inflationary one does. Deflation discourages individuals from spending any more than they absolutely have to (because their bitcoin will be worth more in the future) and it also discourages business startups because, in order to be viable, the ROI must exceed both the rate of deflation and the desired profit margin. 
Basically, an inflationary environment penalizes hiding your money under a mattress. A deflationary environment rewards it.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:41:16
It all depends on your timeframe. The USD and every other fiat currency I'm aware of is designed to lose value over time at a small rate (1-2% is typically the inflation target), but this decline is offset by increased wages, interest-bearing accounts, and other tools. Furthermore, like I said, "store of value" doesn't imply that it never changes in value - only that it changes in small, predictable amounts. I can predict with confidence that the value of the dollar will be between 1-3 percent less a year from now than it is today, because that is what the Fed's target rate is and they've been relatively successful for a long time at achieving that goal. Therefore, if I'm planning a business venture, I can take my numbers and inflate them by 3% to get a reasonable prediction for the future. You can't do that with bitcoin today. It is too volatile.
The key thing to remember is the need to predict future values. If you can't predict what your store of value will be worth in a week, month, or year, then you have a bad store of value. You have a speculative investment. At present, that's where bitcoin falls on the store of value spectrum. It is far too volatile for anyone to pretend that it is a store of value. That may all change with wider acceptance, and if it does stabilize in the future then we can revisit this argument, but at present there's no way bitcoin is a store of value.
@_date: 2014-04-10 14:29:02
This is so stupid and circlejerky. It's a lazy attempt to dismiss people's objections as coming from ignorance. I know Bitcoin, I know how it works and what its potential is, and I still think it will never gain widespread acceptance as a currency.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:47:38
Currency as roulette is not a good way of conducting transactions. "Store of value" is one of the three requirements of currency for a reason. What if AJ is a business? A drop in bitcoin results in a drop in the value of his products, while a rise in the price of bitcoin means that his btc-denominated contracts are now costing him more money than they were yesterday. God help him if he's an importer, farmer, or anyone who relies on futures contracts!
@_date: 2014-03-20 02:18:51
I disagree with this.
I think there is a general tendency, especially in the media but also here, to conflate the bitcoin network (little "b") with Bitcoin (capital B) the currency. I think the conflation of the network with the currency is at the root of many disagreements here.
The bitcoin network - decentralized authentication - has tremendous potential for the future, and I don't think many people disagree with that idea (although there are technical constraints and potential difficulties, as with any idea). It is a relatively new idea in the history of technology (to my limited knowledge computing, at least), and so it is hard to find a comparison to judge its potential downsides, if any.
The Bitcoin currency, however, is a currency. Currencies have existed for thousands of years, and probably as many man-years of study have gone into exploring how and why currencies work. Bitcoin the currency can be criticized on economics and currency-related grounds, independent of the bitcoin network, because it is a currency and we know currencies. And the Bitcoin currency has many problems: purpose-built deflation, a lack of incentive for regular people to adopt it (assuming they are already served by credit networks of course), inability to reverse transactions, a lack of protection against theft a la FDIC, etc etc.
I don't intend to outline every criticism of Bitcoin the currency because we've all heard them (and I've voiced my fair share of them already in other posts). But my point is, it is perfectly reasonable to criticize Bitcoin the currency on its potential as a currency, because we understand how currencies should work and have thousands of years of history to compare it to. The bitcoin network, on the other hand, is the truly unique technological advance, and that is what the focus, in my opinion, should be on.
Now obviously most of this doesn't apply to Average Joe, who hasn't thought of currencies or how they work at all. But most of the people on this sub at least aren't Average Joes, or are quickly educated (or quickly leave). The informed yet critical demographic is whom I am referring to here.
@_date: 2014-09-11 19:11:59
The fact that you have a background in economics / finance means that your viewpoint on such things here is far more informed than the average. On the whole, most of what passes for economic analysis here is uninformed nonsense which is warped and manipulated until it fits the desired conclusion of "this is great!"
Nice reply though, thanks for the discussion.
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:47:15
Yes, it is a generalization. If you know the answers to those questions, why are you asking me? 
I am not delving into criticism of the Fed etc, only providing an explanation of the things it indisputably does.
@_date: 2014-10-06 12:17:41
Neither is averaging the lifespan of all fiat currencies in the history, and then concluding that the dollar is doomed to fail because it is beyond the average. Aside from the almost-certain problems with data collection - who knows which currencies they picked, or their starting and end dates - a simple average would almost never be used by a rigorous statistical study. Further, as your link notes, the pound Sterling has been existence for over 300 years. Although, of course, I would question labeling it "fiat" because for ~260 of those years it was convertible into gold or silver. But that's just one of many important details that the people in that link glossed over. 
And that's why that study was done by something called "dollardaze.org" and not in a scientific journal.
Seriously though. If you don't have a background in economics, you're not going to learn it by clicking links provided by If you're genuinely interested, go study it somewhere.
@_date: 2014-08-29 17:43:04
Someone actually named a place "Galt's Gulch" and thought the Randian fantasy would come true?
Now that's hilarious.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:14:27
Nobody can rationally claim that they know what the future volatility of bitcoin will be. At present, its volatility is definitely too high to be considered a reasonable store of value (one of the major things a currency must be), and so critics (including myself) are fully justified in making this criticism. In the future, who knows. That future is several years off at minimum, and the built-in deflation of bitcoin would seem to increase volatility instead of decreasing it, but it is really anybody's guess. One group isn't wrong and one group isn't right here. Nobody knows.
@_date: 2014-01-20 16:18:06
I have read the FAQ's, and the FAQ's do not provide an adequate response to the deflationary criticism. The FAQ's also dodge the fiat currency charge by saying that most other currencies are fiat currencies today. Which is true, but only to an extent, because a fiat currency issued by a state is effectively an IOU on future tax revenues. BTC is not backed by any issuer, and therefore lacks even that basic level of support. Hence the ultimate fiat currency charge. And the FAQ's don't address that adequately, at all.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:14:54
So a retired NFL player with a history of offputting antics changes his last name, for the second time. I would imagine that the publicity it would bring is next to nothing.
@_date: 2014-06-24 01:40:38
Please tell me how bitcoin, as a currency, is unique in the history of our monetary understanding. Not the network, just the currency.
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:06:48
Bitcoin down? Variance / Manipulation / Temporary
Bitcoin up? Reflective of broader economic conditions and a sure sign of mass adoption! To the moon!
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:51:18
1. it manages the amount of currency in circulation, adjusting as it sees fit for economic up and down-turns.
2. it requires banks to keep a minimum amount of money in reserve in its vaults, as a means of providing a level of safety to the system. Banks can deposit whatever amount above the minimum they want, and they often do. The Fed pays banks interest on those deposits. Raising or lowering the interest rate on those deposits affects wider economic growth: having a low interest rate encourages banks to take their money out of the Fed and put it into the market, while raising interest rates has the opposite effect. In addition to interest rates, the Fed can change the amount of money it requires to be on deposit in its vaults, which affects the economy as well. Banks often loan money to each other overnight in order to meet their required daily % of money on deposit at the fed, a process which also affects interest rates.
3. it operates a "discount window" in which banks, in times of crisis, can come borrow directly from the fed at lower-than-market rates. This window, which is (I'd say) the main reason it exists, serves to help stop the spread of fear during financial crises. This mechanism exists because of the crisis of 1907, during which several healthy banks were destroyed by bank runs and the economic calamity was only stopped after several major New York banks pooled their money together and bailed out or gave emergency loans to failing banks. Banks typically don't like to use the discount window because it communicates weakness to the marketplace (a healthy bank wouldn't need the window). Raising / lowering the interest rate charged at the discount window affects the economy in the same way as in point 2, but because the discount window is less used it has less of an effect.
4. various regulatory and supervisory things. no point in going into detail here, I think.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:19:55
I agree fully. None of the non-monetary purposes of gold guarantee it will retain a high value. All I'm saying is that there is a floor. It might be ten cents per ounce, it might be one hundred dollars per ounce, but there is a floor. Gold will never become "worthless", meaning that it is worth literally nothing. BTC does not have that floor.
That's all I'm saying. I'm not making any judgment about gold being superior or inferior to BTC.
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:18:58
A central bank failure? One that didn't happen post-2008 already? Give me a break lol
@_date: 2014-08-15 12:11:10
"my subreddit" lol. 
@_date: 2014-09-25 15:56:20
Bitcoin is higher risk than say investing in an S+P index fund. Much higher risk. The S+P never contracted by 75% in the span of 9 months, or gained 1000% plus in a year.
If you are treating bitcoin as an investment, as opposed to a means of conducting transactions, then you should only buy it if you expect returns which are higher as a result of its higher risk. Much, much more than 10% gain a year. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 19:44:20
I think the statement "if only Central Ohio had residents, or an economy" might be understood as a parody of an extremist position.
I mean, everyone knows that at least Lebron James lives there. That alone gives the region at least one resident.
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:04:07
I'm saying that if a central bank didn't fail in 2008 - the worst economic crash in 80 years - then it is unlikely that one will be failing anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-10-05 18:00:40
Yes, it does. Because either you know what you're talking about or you don't.
And its not an ad hominem yet, because I only asked your credentials. Based on your reply, however, I will happily make this an ad hominem now: you have no idea what you're talking about because you have no economic background.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:57:46
The expectation is that volatility will decrease, agreed. That expectation is contingent on widespread adoption - with volume, it is hoped, volatility declines. The question then is whether or not the volatility will decline to the point that bitcoin's future value becomes reasonably predictable, which is what currencies need to be. Nobody knows the answer to that question, and I wouldn't trust anybody who claims to.
Basically, the problem is this: bitcoin is volatile today, in large part, because its use as a currency is limited relative to other currencies. If we assume a future in which use of bitcoin is more widespread, then that issue goes away. However, the demand side of the equation comes to the fore: As demand for bitcoins rises and falls (as it surely will, and already is), the price will vary accordingly because the rate of production stays the same, or decreases. Will the swings in demand result in huge swings in price, or reasonable / predictable swings within a moderate range?
Nobody really knows the answer to that. Don't trust anyone who claims to.
Derivatives can only exist after predictability exists. While they (should) act as a moderating influence on volatility, in an environment with massive swings relative to other currencies, they are prohibitively expensive due to excessive risk. That's why they don't really exist now. 
So, the question of stability is not a non-issue. It is an unresolved question, and one which cannot be answered via logical reasoning or much of anything other than opinion. Nobody really knows.
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:27:47
You are mis-stating their argument.
It is perfectly reasonable to say "the blockchain technology is very interesting, but I don't know about bitcoin as a currency." We can have that discussion all day - and we have had that discussion, here, for months.
It is not at all perfectly reasonable to say "because the blockchain is awesome, bitcoin will succeed as a currency." That's what you're criticizing people for not understanding. But there is no guarantee that the blockchain's utility will inevitably result in bitcoin becoming a good, viable currency that is capable of doing all the other things a currency should do.
In short, you're criticizing them for not making the assumption that the blockchain will force bitcoin to become a good currency. That assumption - which you've made - is highly debatable.
@_date: 2014-08-25 13:39:21
Accounting would be a nightmare because there is no currency which can be tied to all the others. If you're the wheat exporter keeping the books, which currency do you use to account for all your costs? How do you account for the buying of wheat in Kansasbucks, the cost of shipping in Trainbucks, the cost of loading in Baltimorebucks, the cost of unloading in Londonbucks, and the cost of distribution in Manchesterbucks? Who do you pay tax to, and how, especially in systems with VAT?
If your answer is to instantly convert all of them into a final currency at the time of the sale, then that solution has the very simple problem of transaction costs. Even if it is relatively cheap to do so, the fact is that today's system is far simpler from an exporter's perspective. Anyone with international business would be very much against the Balkanization of the financial system into hundreds, if not more, of individual little currency fiefdoms.
@_date: 2014-10-08 18:41:06
The bow and arrow, separate from each other, would serve little purpose. This is true.
However, what OP is saying is that it is pointless to criticize the arrow, because without the arrow the bow serves no purpose. OP is saying "This bow is so awesome that it has to work, so the arrow will work too!" 
That is quite not true. Changes in arrow design can result in a better end product. Different arrow designs have been used across time, and they yield different results. An aerodynamic arrow with a nice tip is preferable to a non-aerodynamic arrow with a blunt tip. One can look at past arrow designs and say "Ah, this arrow worked better than this one." As opposed to people here, who tend to say "This is an arrow that has never before been seen or shot by anyone, but it works!"
I believe I've let loose that metaphor enough for now. For clarity, the arrow is a bitcoin and the bow is the bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:56:39
You would definitely be better off denominating in an inflationary currency as a borrower, but I could imagine some diehard somewhere working out a bitcoin loan.
The bigger question is how it would actually work, given how most of the zealous bitcoin supporters are very much against fractional reserve banking. After all, a bank can't lend money for interest without borrowing it from its depositors, which is the essence of FRB. I'm assuming a commercial BTC bank (meaning it uses consumer deposits), not an investment bank (meaning it uses its own capital), which I suppose is more likely to occur first.
And then there's the rather important question of contract enforcement. If the borrower doesn't pay, how does the lender obtain its collateral? At some point, existing state-based legal structures would need to seize the house on behalf of the lender. That, in turn, rather negates the purpose of a stateless currency.
@_date: 2014-08-05 20:25:14
Thank you for taking a cursory look on google. Have you been able to try other venues? Please let me know what else you manage to find.
@_date: 2014-09-13 05:16:16
Buying bitcoin doesn't make you a macroeconomic expert, despite the common consensus around this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:36:31
I see you're not very good at detecting sarcasm.
@_date: 2014-03-28 19:57:16
I agree with your first paragraph fully. At present, Bitcoin is much closer to a commodity (with its speculative-driven ups and downs) than it is a currency, and I also agree with you that it is likely to remain in that category for 5+ years.
Deflation is also caused when the money supply fails to grow with productivity increases. In such a scenario, prices would fall because wages are stagnant while productivity has increased. I am not sure how that would affect Bitcoin, which is why I didn't bring it up before. I agree with you, however, that the major cause of deflation is typically simple supply-demand for currencies.
I'm not so sure that, in an ideal future where Bitcoin has become the main (if not only) global currency, deflation would become steady and predictable. Why would it? Government-backed currencies are stable in their inflation rates because central banks regularly adjust the money supply (among other tools) to maintain those rates. Bitcoin has no such adjustment mechanism.
@_date: 2014-08-13 01:34:57
Agreed. I'm not intimidated by it, just mostly amused. If those people think I'm off my rocker, then odds are I'm in a pretty good place.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:50:13
The tips are so insignificant. You're talking about like $10-$15. I guess people would be willing to type up a lot of bullshit and reply to a thread for a couple hours for that. I wouldn't. You're probably right though.
@_date: 2014-09-14 21:36:30
They also don't take into account dramatic increases in supply of the foodstuffs, or the number of people buying them. It is a very worthless graphic.
@_date: 2014-08-01 11:45:56
Except it won't kill off national currencies, because the state will always require the payment of taxes in its chosen legal tender, and that legal tender will never be bitcoin because the state has zero incentive to adopt it. That means that, at some point, everyone will still need to convert bitcoin into fiat.
But yes, I do agree that OP's article tends to take an excessively optimistic view of the future of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:01:19
I early await this reply becoming an actual question.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:57:54
You assume that the majority is correct, and you also assume that all information is known. Those are two big assumptions. I don't think corruption will ever be gone from this world, especially by those in power, and I am furthermore not particularly bothered by it as long as it is within small, acceptable amounts.
However, to get back to your point. Could you explain the benefits of a bitcoin network type of verification for stock trading as opposed to a stock exchange?
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:52:02
The phenomenon you describe is called "over-consumption" and is mentioned in the OP's video. There are opportunity costs in every decision, of course. I was talking about opportunity cost for optional purchases in a deflationary environment.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:35:28
Yes, exactly. For better and for worse, a government can always honor its promise to insure your bank deposits. The money it pays to you might be worthless, but you will get your original amount back. A private company, in contrast, is not nearly as trustworthy. Neither are fantastic 100% risk removal tools, but the governmental guarantee is definitely more desirable than a private one.
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:27:07
You obviously don't understand that there's been two bailouts funded by the Chinese central bank since January. The system has been under strain for ~2-3 years; to claim that there's something going on right now requires more proof than a single "things are happening" link. Xi's anti-corruption campaign is also having an effect on property values as officials, afraid of being prosecuted, are likely curtailing the fraudulent behavior that fueled their property bubble in the first place.
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:13:41
Are you even trying to make a reasonable statement, or are you just waiting for someone else to rah rah with you as you predict the imminent doom of the US financial system while ranting about ending the fed?
@_date: 2014-09-07 15:48:48
Fair enough. I didn't see what the bet amount was.
@_date: 2014-09-06 02:16:01
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:05:58
Everyone and their brother refers to that prize as the Nobel Prize in economics. You're just being contrarian for no reason by arguing that said label is technically inaccurate. Wikipedia:
"Although not a Nobel Prize, it is intimately identified with the other awards; the laureates are announced with the Nobel Prize recipients, and the Prize in Economic Sciences is presented at the Swedish Nobel Prize Award Ceremony."
@_date: 2014-05-08 15:24:13
It is a libertarian fantasy that any modern-day democratic government will let crashes play themselves out without any intervention of any kind. Furthermore, such a position is arguably anti-democratic: only a government which ignores the desires of its people would be able to not intervene to help fix an economic crash.
Pretending that doing nothing after the Lehman crash, when credit markets were drying up around the world almost instantaneously, is pointlessly ideological and completely blind regarding the realities of the situation. You don't know how serious it was, because if you did, you wouldn't be arguing that doing nothing was an option. It wasn't.
@_date: 2014-07-26 13:56:26
Got it. So if I wanted to pull out the contract, I'd run it through the same hash function and it would come out with a digest that matches that in the blockchain? So I would need to keep the hash function as well?
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:04:32
Deflation != devaluation. Those terms are, in fact, the opposite.
@_date: 2014-08-30 00:19:56
Confirming a former heroin addict who is a comedian knows economics and should be listened to.
But hey, he's not Buffett saying he doesn't know how bitcoin works, so we should listen to him, right?
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:26:22
Agreed. Getting Alex Jones' endorsement isn't something I'd go around bragging about.
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:54:02
That's a good point. It is indeed silly to claim that the blockchain will succeed while bitcoin fails. The only way that could be true is if bitcoin either gets replaced by something else or gets so modified that we don't call it "bitcoin" anymore.
Thank you for bringing that up, that is a good point.
@_date: 2014-08-22 18:35:42
Lawsky has power because the banks in question are licensed in New York State. They are based in New York because:
- it is the biggest financial market in the world
- it gives them access to the New York Fed
- it lets them have offices in Manhattan
Should the banks, companies, exchanges, etc choose not to be licensed in New York State, then that state's regulations would not apply to them.
Re: Icelandic bank sending money to a person in Florida, if that bank has a New York branch, uses a clearinghouse based in New York, or if the person receiving the moneys has it deposited into a bank with a New York branch, then the state's regulations apply.
@_date: 2014-10-12 13:26:52
They'll compete. They are more powerful than Hollywood and can use a combination of legal means to try and slow bitcoin's adoption, but are also more likely to invent ways to gamble / "invest" on bitcoin's value in ways similar to the Winklevoss ETF - don't forget, somebody's charging fees to manage that, and every other, ETF. They're also likely to just accept bitcoin, build on top of it for their own apps, or create subsidiaries that will be involved in the bitcoin ecosystem (exchanges, random payment facilitators, etc).
@_date: 2014-10-15 23:31:47
Customers will continue to use banks because:
1. credit. very difficult to see how a bitcoin-denominated credit card would function, without compromising anonymity. Mortgages would be a similar issue, but more easily solved: you'd just have to write the legal contracts to say bitcoin instead of dollars, or euros, with the house remaining as collateral.
2. almost nobody cares about privacy. Sure, they don't like the NSA headlines, but I don't see a big push for 2014 candidates to shut down that system. People are not out in the streets forcing a change. They don't like the way it sounds, but they don't want to give up the protections it provides.
3. existing banking serves most people (who have access to it) fine. Exception here for remittances / wire transfers, which I do think bitcoin has a good chance of disrupting.
To respond to your other points:
- No, I don't think banks lock the money in vaults. As I mentioned, banks make their money by lending it out or by speculating with it.
- You do realize that banking and bitcoin are not mutually exclusive, right? A consumer-facing, fractional reserve bank could easily exist in the bitcoin ecosystem.
- Anonymity: yes, that is a bitcoin benefit. However, I don't think many people really care about whether or not their government can see they bought toilet paper from Amazon last Tuesday. And cash is almost always going to be more anonymous.
@_date: 2014-08-10 06:27:44
OP fails to understand purchasing power or inflation.
$1000 worth of 2000 dollars buys $1385 2014 dollars. That is a decrease of 38.5%. Source: google buying power, inflation calculator, CPI over time, all of the above. Still bad, sure, but not a decline of 85% bad.
Macroeconomics is hard, mkay. Turns out the value of a dollar isn't reached by simply dividing the number of dollars in circulation today by the number of dollars in circulation x many years ago. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 01:09:22
That would hurt US exports, which would not be to the advantage of a large % of US-based businesses.
This is a bad line of logic.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:03:24
regularly upvotes stupid bullshit, as long as it is what wants to hear. All those "I'm a banker and my boss died of a heart attack when I suggested bitcoin!" threads are also as fake.
Truth of the matter is that is just not a very discerning sub.
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:22:17
Is that a good thing? Governments need to be able to hide things, not from their citizens, but from other governments and from actors which wish it and its citizens harm. A fully transparent government would be one extremely vulnerable to outside attack.
I feel like there's an impulsive assumption in this subreddit whose logic goes something like this: take bitcoin, apply it to X, X is transformed into happiness and rainbows and puppies for everyone! This post - and by the way, sorry for the anarchobabble you've been subjected to as a result of posting it; this subreddit's groupthink is simultaneously hilarious and cringey - follows that logic.
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:23:03
Interesting comparison. 
There are some systematic differences between gold and BTC. Gold is not nearly as deflationary as BTC is, because its supply is not artificially constrained. Gold also has what people call "utility value" in that it serves industrial, cosmetic, and other real-world functions which guarantee that it will have value, even if it stops being used as a store of value. BTC doesn't have utility value, but does have a floor at which it would cease to be profitable to mine BTC. That's very much akin to gold mining, however: if the value doesn't warrant the investment to dig it up, then it won't get dug up.
I also find it interesting that the collapse of the gold standard, and then the dollar-gold standard, was not mentioned. There are many reasons the world moved away from gold-backed currencies, so I'd be interested to see how those problems might affect a BTC environment.
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:01:40
He's right. Let us review his interesting statements:
- Currencies need short-term price stability. This is true. Bitcoin does not have this at present. Optimists argue that bitcoin will get more stable with widespread adoption, but this is (as-yet) unproven. As of today, right now, this statement is correct. He illustrates this with a chart beginning just before the 5 minute mark, in which the dollar is compared to bitcoins. (I will add here that this chart is slightly misleading, because it treats Bitcoin as a proper "currency" for purchasing power purposes. That is not entirely correct, especially in his "worker buying bread" example, because people's employment agreements do not stipulate that they get paid in a fixed amount of bitcoin (generally speaking). If I make $1k a week and I want to be paid in btcoin, then basically my employer will convert my $1k a week at whatever the going rate for bitcoin is and will pay me that number of bitcoins. This is different than me being paid a fixed number of bitcoins every week, which is what a true salary in bitcoin would look like. So what he's comparing is the purchasing power of dollars to the going conversion rate of bitcoin. A pretty useless chart).
- Bitcoin focuses only on supply of the currency, not demand. This is true because of Bitcoin's algorithm, which controls the money supply by decreasing its production at periodic intervals. And he gives an accurate representation of the logic behind this move: it frees the money supply from political influence. And he accurately states the costs of such a policy: built-in price volatility because variances in demand meet a fixed supply and result in constant price changes. The Fed, as he points out, varies its supply of currency based on demand.
- He points out that the inflation target simplifies planning for the future. Knowing that about 2% inflation is the target, businesses can plan for 2% inflation in their long-term projections. They have this ability because the money supply is controlled by the Fed, who sets the 2% target. Bitcoin, lacking such a mechanism, will be harder to project. Instead of someone else managing it and telling everyone "hey, its 2% inflation," everyone will need to come up with their own way of making projections about Bitcoin's future devaluation / inflation. One person's econometrics will differ from another's. This increases the difficulty of planning for the future.
I think that, in general, this subreddit mocks and discounts any expert who says "bitcoin has problems" and that takes away from the quality of discussion here. Bitcoin is not perfect, and we should recognize that. That doesn't mean it won't work better in the future.
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:16:19
Thanks for the summary.
I will add that he's completely wrong about Bulgaria, if that summary is accurate. Bulgaria is far from systematically important, and it is also under the protection of the EU / ECB safety net for countries seeking to join the Eurozone. The amount of money required for even a full bailout of Bulgaria's banks would be well within the budget of said programs, which is around 50 billion euros. To give scale, the EU approved a credit line of 1.7 billion euros to Bulgaria about a month ago, and the system has improved pretty well since then. So they're not even close to bringing their full financial power to bear in Bulgaria.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:37:32
The beginning of the end of the crisis was 2012 when Draghi said "do whatever it takes" and announced the OMT program. 
The interest rate move is important, but other programs simultaneously announced are likely to have a bigger impact. The ECB is expanding a direct-to-banks lending program, is going to modify its SMP initiative so that it will no longer be m3-neutral (meaning that it will be expanding the money supply, as opposed to being neutral as it was), and is lowering the difficulty for banks to access loans provided by the ECB. Those programs, not a .1% reduction in the interest rate, will make the big difference. The interest rate is simply a symbol of their efforts.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:32:50
"Wow, you sound smart."
Smart enough to not argue about stupid shit like colloquialisms for the nobel prize for economics.
@_date: 2014-09-06 01:45:58
Actually, he didn't. Congress had hearings where they grilled executives for days - I watched the grilling of Goldman live, it was great TV - the stories about SEC fines continue to roll in, and various corrupt people have been publicly shamed (and in sadly too-rare cases, prosecuted).
Stop being hyperbolic.
@_date: 2014-08-24 01:13:05
The problem with your analysis is that each of the companies you list takes a cut of every transaction. Indeed, that is how they make their money. Ebay is valuable because it generates revenue by charging transaction fees. People buy shares in Ebay because they believe that Ebay will be able to continue to charge those transaction fees.
Bitcoin is decentralized. It is not a single company. Unlike Ebay, where a single company charges transaction fees, thousands upon thousands of individuals charge transaction fees.
I can invest in Ebay's ability to charge transaction fees. I cannot invest in bitcoin's ability to charge transaction fees, unless I want to become a miner / run a node. It is therefore pointless to compare the valuation of Ebay to the valuation of bitcoin.
Bad comparison is bad. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 16:06:00
exists to mock the groupthink that happens in Some of the most avid advocates of bitcoin have made some ridiculous claims - things like bitcoin ending wars, or reaching $50,000 by X date based on this line on a chart - and those ridiculous claims deserve ridicule. That is why exists.
In addition, assuming that everyone on is "scared. Very scared." is exactly the kind of thing they'd make fun of. That kind of thinking is simplistic, lazy, and deserves to be mocked. People can disagree with you on bitcoin without being part of a vast global conspiracy that intends to destroy bitcoin and suppress liberties. They can also disagree with you without being immensely ignorant, or short-sighted, or old as shit like Warren Buffett.
Finally, who cares? isn't hurting anybody - other than people's delicate feelings - so who cares? Let them do their thing, you do yours. If you're right, you'll be shown right. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 18:39:20
How has that not been exposed?
As for not believing in necessary evils, that is as idealistic a viewpoint as your libertarianism, so I'm not surprised. The real world often requires pragmatic solutions which are not part of a pre-existing cosmology.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:50:28
Could you explain how bitcoin resolves part / all of the challenges the system faces with regards to stability or being robust during times of distress?
It seems to me that bitcoin, being beyond the ability of government to manipulate as it can its own fiat currency, provides less policy flexibility in times of crisis than fiat. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 18:13:04
It's one thing to talk about technical issues. That is where Gavin Andersen's comments, and most of knowledge, is geared toward in your example. But if Krugman comes in and criticizes bitcoin from an economic perspective - say, for example, he thinks deflationary currencies are bad - then a rational person should listen to that.
What happens here, however, is that the technical people (who love bitcoin as a technology, and rightfully so) are so in love with the technology that they do everything they can to defend it against very valid economic criticisms. People who know the technology presume assume that because the technology is great then it must be great economically too, and then masquerade around as experts on very complex economic issues, inevitably coming to the conclusion that bitcoin's adoption will solve X, Y, Z economic problems. 
Their starting point is technological, not economic, in other words. And that is why the economic discussions here are often kneejerky and childishly simplistic. "Oh, Krugman is a hack and nobody listens to him. But this other economist who nobody's heard of who likes bitcoin, he GETS IT." "I invoke Hayek, therefore this works." While being unaware that Hayek and Friedman and the entire idea of a universe of rational, self-interested, utility-maximizing individuals from which those models were built has been undermined in the last 20-odd years to the point that it is being replaced.
Most of what I do on is talk the economics. I'm not a technical expert by any means - though I have tried to learn by asking questions, and have received some good replies - but the daily drumbeat of technophiles masquerading as economic experts is just deafening.
@_date: 2014-09-13 05:20:06
Thank you for spawning 200 comments wherein people who don't know macroeconomics rapturously agree with other people who don't know macroeconomics, while simultaneously downvoting those who probably do.
@_date: 2014-08-05 17:31:22
I am amazed that they sent you to what sounds like Siberia just for doing an accurate report. You deserve better and should consider joining Coinbase or some other bitcoin startup as a researcher.
Did they give any indication of what they're going to do going forward? Are they going to push for more Lawsky-type regulations to try and hamper bitcoin's adoption? What do you think is likely?
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:21:56
How many times will we see the same bullshit posted.
Banks don't fear bitcoin, because if bitcoin takes off, banks will co-opt bitcoin and make money off of it. That's what they do - find situations, and make money. Products like the Winklevoss twins ETF, for example, are a very easy way for banks to keep doing what they're doing while making money off of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-11 20:48:48
What's the difference, practically speaking? He's trying to give people a reason to ignore criticism, is he not?
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:01:17
I meant it accurately, not as a political bs fight. There are a lot of Randians around here, and a fair number would share his viewpoint.
@_date: 2014-01-21 02:08:56
The 1921 Depression was domestic (not international), and the government response ("do nothing") is completely untenable today. Furthermore, the Austrian analysis ("doing nothing solved everything") is oversimplified, ignores the effects of gold pouring back into the US in response to hyperinflationary fears in Europe (which expanded the money supply), and ignores Harding's unemployment initiatives.
You are living in a complete fantasy land if you think doing nothing is a legitimate course of action. We (the West) live in a democracy wherein people expect the government to assist them in times of need. Only in academic fantasy land can those factors be ignored in pursuit of an idealized, never-actualized fully-uninhibited free market.
Tell you what. Next time there's a major recession, you run for President on the "I will do nothing for you" ticket, and see how many votes you get.
@_date: 2014-08-05 18:37:42
Yeah, I mean that part is a bit interesting, but it's no worse than most of the other price-prediction threads that abound here unquestioned. And OP states that it won't happen until 2026. If he's hoping for a short-term pump so he can dump in response, this is a pretty bad way of going about it.
I see your point though.
@_date: 2014-08-16 23:39:37
Being neutral in two world wars (the more cynical would say benefiting from them, as gold poured in to the country) and styling themselves as an entrepot nation, combined with their famous banking privacy laws, did them a lot of favors.
Also, lol that people are downvoting my above comment. Apparently that is controversial, who knew.
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:22:39
Many currencies have been deflationary for periods of time, although not permanently or by explicit design (at least that I know of). That is where our knowledge of deflation as an economic phenomenon comes from. Right now, the euro has been deflationary for the better part of its 14 year existence, and countless articles have been written on the effects of that deflation around the Eurozone. We are not lacking in examples of deflationary currencies.
As for this particular study, it is in no way generalizable to all deflationary currencies. Like I said, its only conclusion is that newly-minted coins are more likely to be spent than older ones. It's a study about the evolution of bitcoin specifically, not deflationary currencies in general. And given how we can't answer why older coins are not in circulation, there's no way we can extrapolate any conclusions we have to other currencies.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:33:46
So what if I did? What if I think IBM is the greatest stock to have ever graced the planet? Should we hold a national referendum to force the central bank to invest 20% of its assets in IBM?
@_date: 2014-07-26 03:07:48
Right. Or they could just wipe the drive.
@_date: 2014-08-05 19:27:16
How did you figure that out? I am curious.
@_date: 2014-08-19 15:48:46
I haven't seen Pettis' blog before, thanks for that. it is full of interesting stuff.
Glancing at his forex reserves article, I think he ignores a simple solution. If China were to sell dollars to buy RMB to preserve the banks, that would indeed cause an appreciation in the RMB relative to the USD, which would tank its export sector. But the easiest thing to do would be to offset that appreciation by expanding the money supply at the same time. This assumes that most of the banks have debts denominated in RMB and not USD, which I believe is the case.
Will read the rest. I found an economist article that explains it pretty well, but they seemed to think that the shadow sector is a distant second to the official banking sector (although it is growing faster), and also argued that there is oversight of that sector and capacity to intervene, albeit painfully, by the central gov't.
Thanks for the articles though. Nice to talk to someone who knows their shit, pretty rare on both reddit and @_date: 2014-05-21 19:08:37
I need to read the actual paper, because whoever wrote this article wrote it like a mentally challenged four year old. I don't think the author understood what Rogoff was actually writing about. I mean, what the hell does this paragraph even mean:


Other parts of it are more straightforward, albeit simplistic. The costs of maintaining a cash system are much higher than maintaining an electronic system; you don't need printing presses, shipping costs, as much anti-fraud efforts, etc. The rest of the article was such a jumbled mess I couldn't read it.
As for negative interest rates, that's not really a hypothetical anymore. The ECB is widely expected to shortly announce negative rates. And the author doesn't mention the debate about whether or not negative rates are good for economic growth. If negative rates are a desirable policy option, then digital currency would not be very good for that purpose. Which is what I think 2-3 of those obtuse, unedited paragraphs are trying to say.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:54:55
Domestic politics is the biggest threat to the EU right now, I agree. This, as you noted, is particularly threatening in the countries worst-off after the sovereign debt crisis. In a sense, these ECB actions can be seen as an effort to help them rejuvinate their economies and help mitigate the economic downturn which provides the impetus for the many anti-integration parties.
Overall, I agree with you. I think the EU is facing a choice: do they want to become Japan in the 1990s, or do they want to follow the US model for recovery which has provided such better results? The ECB is clearly falling on the US side, and is doing everything it can to emulate the Fed (even arguably via illegal means). The question for me, therefore, is whether or not the ECB will keep its efforts up. I think they will, because bureaucratic inertia is often unstoppable.
@_date: 2014-09-21 17:33:30
Heritage doesnt have the reputation of being an impartial research institution. Second, that study looks at a 9 month period. Third, that ranking includes things that are questionable. For example, one of its measures of freedom is government deficits. That's an ideological position more than an economic one; if hong Kong ran a deficit for a couple of years, then by this study its overall freedom would drop. It also includes "regulatory freedom" which is almost certainly going to reward countries with the least regulation without considering the social impacts of those regulations, instead measuring them in a purposefully narrow way.
Furthermore hong Kong is under Chinese control. They just recently had mass protests against chinas attempt to control their upcoming elections. I'm certain that China also places economic controls on hong Kong, and yet that study ranks it as number one?
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:44:14
To the Fed, they seized $25 million worth of a relatively obscure commodity and are now selling it off. This is most analogous to your local police selling off an SUV seized in commission of a drug crime. It has nothing to do with making bitcoin legal or illegal.
@_date: 2014-10-05 21:00:36
You don't know that, or anything else about economics. Which was my point.
Stop saying bullshit, then go get educated on said bullshit.
@_date: 2014-09-25 15:45:23
He also missed completely the point of the article, which was about a new law which punishes banks for helping Americans shield assets from paying US taxes. It has nothing to do with central banking "financial terrorism" (what a hilarious term). Expat Americans enjoy many benefits by retaining American citizenship, so it is not at all unreasonable to have them pay for those benefits. 
What's happening now is that foreign banks, who used to help them avoid that responsibility, are now afraid that they'll get caught so they don't want to risk it.
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:57:48
I bought a bitcoin once, and read a few of Satoshi's posts. Based on that education, I have concluded that fiat systems will all collapse under hyperinflation, and the dollar's strengthening is only a temporary blip. Expect bitcoin to reach $10,000 by next November. If it doesn't do so, I will happily ignore all people asking me at the time why I was wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:36:43
There is no such thing as a "free market" and there never has been. The history of capitalism is the history of governments forcing economic change on their citizens via wildly unpopular rule changes, changes to land ownership which often left large numbers of people without a claim to anything, and highly divisive regulations which typically favored a small group (aristocrats, and those tied to the ruling class) over everyone else.
So there's always been some form of contract enforcement, insurance, and oversight. It functioned better for some people than others over time, but it was always there. The bitcoiner insistance on a regulator-free (meaning without a central authority which can compel people to act in ways they do not want to) method of capitalism I think is utopian, ahistorical, and completely silly.
I'm not sure you're actually arguing anything I've said above, this is just a general complaint about the anarcho-libertarian fringe which seems so prevalent in these kinds of threads.
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:05:07
Quite true. That said, if you're going to tell me to compare between Buffet and Reddit when choosing investment advice, I think I'll go with the one which knows what he's talking about - Buffet.
@_date: 2014-08-12 21:17:39
They're not offering anything, why should I bother trying to find out what their definitions are? All I'm getting is "nope." Granted, this isn't the forum for capitalist debate, but still. I've performed my part to start a discussion, the others are the ones failing.
@_date: 2014-06-17 17:15:33


@_date: 2014-07-30 15:37:26
The key part here is "US Adults." Bitcoin has very limited benefits for US adults, which are already very adequately served by their existing financial institutions and services. If they can use a credit card to process transactions, why would they need a new, more-difficult-to-use, alternative?
The same is true for most of the developed west, with caveats for those who transact internationally on a regular basis or which send remittances back home, etc. It's not some technological luddite-ness, it's just simply not that attractive to most US people. In a different market, it is a different story.
@_date: 2014-08-02 16:58:32
I am with you, but I think you forgot a step. Once you get to 37, you have to multiply that by the number of people on the planet (7 billion). 37 * 7 billion = ~200 billion. Now divide that by the number of bitcoins (21 million) and you come to a value of $9.5 million per coin. 
Therefore, if you buy at $600 today, you can make a profit of approximately $9,494,000 in just a few years. Per coin! That's my conservative estimate. Well worth the investment if you ask me.
Also, based on the length of time between the invention of the telephone and its mass adoption, I have concluded that bitcoin will replace the entire financial system in 4-7 years. Add in some speculation (not just usage for transactions), and I think you can take that $9.5 million dollar profit per coin and multiply it by the number of days in a month, which is 30. So now we're up to almost $280 million per coin.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:11:56
Actually, his plan forgives any balance remaining after 20 years of compliant payments. So your statement is incorrect.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:37:23
Based on my extensive calculations, bitcoin will reach $15,000 within 3 years, guaranteed. This is inevitable because everyone in the entire world secretly wants to use bitcoin, but simply don't know how to use it yet. Also I have this chart which I've drawn an upward-trending line on.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:54:18
The second half of that quote also indicated his intention to compete with it, which is my point. Everything (and certainly everyone else on Wall Street) is trying to eat his lunch. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:08:43
So that everyone knows where to go?
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:29:28
OP's article is also shockingly ignorant of the history of banking, the reason it exists, and history in general. Among other reasons to dislike this garbage.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:07:06
It manages the amount of money in circulation in several ways. Here's three of the big ones. Since 2008 the Fed has done some fairly unprecedented stuff which also affects the money supply, which I briefly touch upon in point 4.
1. The Fed manages the US's paper bills ($1, $5, $10, etc). It destroys older ones as they wear out (get holes, tears, etc), and it prints replacements for what it destroys. It can choose to print fewer replacements than it destroys (shrinking the money supply), or it can choose to print more replacements than it destroys (expanding the money supply).
2. The Fed can raise or lower the amount of money it requires banks to keep at the Fed. Raising the requirement compels banks to take cash out of the economy and deposit it at the Fed, where it goes unspent. This reduces the money supply. Lowering the requirement (ideally coupled with a drop in the interest rate) expands the money supply. In the early 1980s, Paul Volcker used a modified version of this method to combat hyperinflation in the US. 
3. The Fed can adjust interest rates. This works the same way as  banks park money at the Fed when interest rates are high (shrinking the money supply) and usually take it out of the Fed when rates are low (expanding the money supply).
4. Unconventional measures. Usually the Fed affects the economy via points 1 through 3, which rely on the system of banks which have deposits at the Fed. Post-2008 the Fed has done all kinds of other things, including the direct purchase of mortgages and mortgage-based securities from the market in an attempt to encourage bank lending. It's also provided a blank check to the Treasury, which uses that money to fund government spending which increases the money supply. The Fed has done other things as well, as have other central banks, but the usual modus operandi is points 1 through 3.
@_date: 2014-09-02 20:26:19
You didn't poll the average American, you polled whomever happened to go to your site, which is also why you're linking this here.
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:14:11
That's a hilariously biased way of stating the question. "Would you like authoritarian suffering, or would you like freedom and puppies?"
The real way to phrase the question is "Will the decrease in state capacity have negative results on my life, or on the lives of others? If so, do the pros outweigh the cons?" And that question is much harder to answer, when you set aside the libertarian fantasies and stick to the reality of actual impacts on real people. 
Say, for example, that (somehow) bitcoin leads to tax evasion as people stop using dollars and businesses (again, somehow) don't report their bitcoin sales to the government. What are the results of that lost tax revenue?
That's not the only impact, and its probably not the biggest, but it is one which your zealously-worded question avoids.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:13:25
To the moon!
@_date: 2014-05-19 16:04:19
There were many booms and busts throughout history, but even if we stick to the pre-Fed US there were episodes of severe deflation and contraction. Keep in mind that I'm talking about short-term stability, not over a span of time which is centuries. Deflation is not the only enemy of short-term stability, inflation counts too.
Over history, countries routinely devalued / debased their currencies as economic conditions required. That's how you make macroeconomic adjustments in a commodity-backed currency.
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:10:22
The statement "nobody can predict effectively where bitcoin will be" is exactly why Buffett said BTC is not a currency. Successful currencies are stores of value - meaning that they stay at the same relative value over time, within reasonable ranges. BTC is not at all stable today and never has been.
@_date: 2014-09-14 04:02:40
That's an exceptionally broad question. They agreed to the euro because they wanted to agree to the euro.
@_date: 2014-08-14 19:52:08
You're not speaking fact and reality, you're speaking your wet dream of what the future might be.
@_date: 2014-10-15 19:00:19
That is a great post, too bad few people will see it. No, bitcoin won't replace banks. Especially not if people, as is commonly voiced here, espouse a paranoid distrust of fractional reserve banking in general - aka the thing that makes consumer banking possible.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:43:07
I'm not opposed to the central bank holding gold. I'm opposed to the people forcing the central bank to allocate its assets in a completely arbitrary fashion, while not giving any leeway to the immense specialization and expertise that central bankers usually bring to the table. That's not just stupid - and indicative of hubris - but risky. Asset allocations affect the bank's ability to carry out its duties, if you fuck with the asset allocation then you will end up with a less capable central bank and a more fragile financial system.
@_date: 2014-12-04 02:01:13
"free vacation" lol. it's one night, and he's being put in coach for what is probably a 10+ hour flight. If anything, its voluntary torture, with an intermission in the desert.
@_date: 2014-08-31 19:34:54
Bitcoin isn't big enough to warrant Wall Street trying to kill it. Even if Bitcoin were big enough, Wall Street would co-opt it and profit from it, because that's what they do with literally everything.
The facts are that there are legitimate issues to be raised with bitcoin, and asking those questions here usually generates a combination of downvotes and "You just don't get bitcoin" replies. The hivemind in this subreddit is immense, vigorous, and uncritical. It also makes for extremely easy trolling, because the unbounded optimism of bitcoin enthusiasts, libertarians, and anarchists shows up everywhere in silly little inane ways. Just today there was one post about money laundering in bitcoin, and one of the higher comments was from a libertarian arguing that money laundering is a perfectly legitimate enterprise and shouldn't be illegal because it is an act of anti-government rebellion. How can you not want to troll that?
For example, I would be more than willing to bet that all of those "I work at a major bank and my boss told methat bitcoin is going to get us all fired!" threads are 100% fake, even more so when done by 1 day old accounts. Yet they get 500 upvotes, people offering jobs to the OP, etc. It's completely ridiculous. Hell, I did one myself on a throwaway (not telling you which one), on a 10 minute old account, and I got PM's of people trying to guess my identity and 3-4 people offering me jobs on the spot, based on a completely bullshit 400 word post that, if glanced at critically at all, would have been completely obvious as bullshit. But nope, people didn't question it, because it matched what they wanted to hear. It's also why they downvote things they don't like.
The truth of it is that this sub makes for extremely easy trolling. People are not sufficiently critical. OP is a perfect example. He assumes the shills are paid and then asks who might be paying them, without critically thinking about how reasonable those assumptions are.
EDIT - Just noticed that this post itself is a troll. OP is named "whichbankerisit," is a new account, asks a single question and then disappears. Classic example. Very meta. I approve.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:54:18
Allow me to summarize my statements, as you are creating far too many implications based on misinterpreting them:
- the FBI selling impounded bitcoins is akin to the FBI selling other physical items it seizes as part of its duties. It says nothing about government acceptance of bitcoin as a currency, and reflects only that the FBI is aware that this item they possess has value and is not illegal to own / distribute. At most, this is an admission by the FBI that bitcions are not illegal. Which they aren't, and never have been, in the US.
- the IRS decision to treat bitcoin as a commodity has an implicit understanding that, if it is to be taxed and reported, then possessing it cannot be illegal. Any questions about the legality of owning or transferring ownership of bitcoin were addressed by the previous IRS ruling, rendering this event (the FBI selling) of minor importance. The IRS ruling predates the FBI's decision by many months, making it more important.
- saying "this item / thing is legal to own" does not guarantee that it will be accepted as a currency. As I already said, the IRS classified it as a commodity (an analysis which I think more accurately reflects what bitcoin is, today, anyway). That is the point behind my statements with suffix "as a currency." There is, in my opinion, little factual basis to justify the argument "the IRS said it is legal to own bitcoins, therefore adoption of bitcoin as a currency is inevitable."
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:03:14
Just so we're clear here.
You're saying that a CEO, whose expertise is in management and business who has no expertise at all in economics, should be listened to on a questions of central banking. But an economist of wide renown who has won its highest prize, and has written extensively about central bank policy, should not.
And I'm using the argument from authority fallacy.
Got it.
@_date: 2014-08-12 23:39:42
That's the kind of idiotic groupthink reply I said was worthless. You sound like a cult. Post something useful or stop posting.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:42:24
Ah. Ghostery blocks all comments so I don't even see what you are referring to. I thought you meant the article.
@_date: 2014-08-31 20:49:05
Blast! You've seen through my plot! I will now have to call up the local assassin that my employer - a MAJOR BANK^tm - has on retainer for such situations.
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:58:28
What is likely to be the best alternative is the Euro, but what happened in 2008 is that everyone got scared of the Euro, too. Nobody trusts China's numbers, and a lot of people think it is nearing the precipice of either revolution or rapid reform, neither of which lends itself to economic stability. The BRICS are still primarily export-oriented, meaning that during a US economic recession they are likely to suffer as well as their exports dry up - that applies to China especially. Bitcoin's market cap is what, like $10bn? That's not big enough for anybody important to even consider as a reserve currency. For scale, China's reserves are ~$1 trillion, depending on who you ask (see earlier comment about numbers). Hong Kong's is ~$350bn. A $10bn market cap investment vehicle is nowhere near worth considering as an alternative to dollars, at least now.
There weren't any good alternatives from 2008 until now. As evidence, I point to historically-low US borrowing costs. Those things might become alternatives in the future, but they are not liquid enough or big enough to come close to competing to the dollar yet.
@_date: 2014-09-21 13:41:51
Define "freedom," and define the time periods examined. Outside of Hayek and Mises - who were involved in the fight against Communism, which colored their analysis and their choice of words - very few economists that I know of today do studies using that terminology.
Multiple countries use state-led programs that are far from free market, with great success. West Germany was already mentioned, but most countries also have the equivalent of the US Import-Export bank - public money providing loans to foreign companies, in return for their purchase of exports, and usually for a profit. Things like infrastructure investment, public utilities, public healthcare, unemployment insurance (which serves to lubricate labor markets, a pretty good example of a state-led program assisting the market), and so on and so on serve as clear examples of the state filling invaluable roles in the economy.
In any event, if we've learned anything from financial crisis, it's that when the shit hits the fan, the people expect things to be done. A "free market" system would offer nothing, and would quickly be replaced by something that's willing to act.
@_date: 2014-12-05 17:03:35
lol wow. Got a link?
@_date: 2014-06-15 04:12:48
This video was made by a gold seller to scare people into buying gold - check the [watermark in the bottom right hand of the video]( These are the same people who scare your grandparents, while watching the Glenn Beck show, into putting their pensions into gold and silver coins.
Whoever posted this, stop being a tool of a very corrupt business. And whoever thought it raised good points, go learn critical thinking skills. 
@_date: 2014-09-17 11:29:06
There were at least two in between January and now.Both were smaller than the present one, so I was mistaken.
@_date: 2014-09-14 21:37:37
Wages tend to rise with inflation, in aggregate. In individual cases, I'm sure you can find anecdotes where they didn't.
@_date: 2014-08-07 18:28:20
During the Great Depression and again during WWII, convertability was suspended, meaning the dollar wasn't backed by anything during those times. Further, FDR devalued the dollar from $20 an oz to $35 an oz in 1934, which rather defeats the purpose of having a gold-linked dollar in the first place. 
Second, the notion that banks were more scrutinized by customers previously than they are today is questionable. Thanks to the FDIC, customers don't really have any reason in the US to give a shit about their bank's health, so I could easily make the argument that customer-level checks on banking behavior stopped in 1933. 
Re: leverage and reserve, yes, banks are more aggressive today.
However, I will also add that our debates on banking system stability are not really relevant to the discussion. A banking crisis would not destroy the dollar unless it was complete and catastrophic. It would have to be such a huge crisis that the government would have to print trillions upon trillions of dollars to bail it out - more than we had to spend from 2008-present, for example - to the point that nobody trusts the government's ability to repay. In this scenario, only is the dollar destroyed but the global economy is destroyed as well. In that case, we would have much more pressing concerns than the perceived soundness of our currency.
@_date: 2014-03-04 05:10:24
Based on?
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:10:53
Yes, selling a truck implies that buying trucks is legal. That issue was never under question for Bitcoin. I have yet to read anything indicating that the US government was considering making the owning or transacting of Bitcoin illegal.
The IRS ruling - that bitcoin is a commodity and must be taxed accordingly - is a more important step for "legitimizing" Bitcoin ownership than this one.
@_date: 2014-08-07 21:48:23
The Fed helped the Treasury refinance long-term US debt, issuing new bonds post-2008 at extremely low interest rates and using those bonds to pay off previously-issued bonds which were at higher interest rates. Paying a lower interest rate over time makes debt easier to service. That's a fact, not creative thinking.
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:47:00
Just because it benefits one person over another doesn't mean that person created it. The system has many reasons for being what it is. It evolved over time, it changed in response to multiple crises (the biggest motivator of change in financial systems), etc etc. There are reasons for its existence and form, and more than one is unrelated to lining the pockets of bankers and politicians.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:49:32
Hear hear. Dude is not only stupid, but has effectively defrauded the American public by his actions. He's lucky to only be banned, and not charged with criminal activity.
@_date: 2014-09-22 15:33:54
I agree that bank campaign donations definitely influence policy choices, but I also think that the public would be unwilling to tolerate a severe (even if short-lived) depression without their representatives doing anything. The last time we had a recession in which nothing was done was in the 1930s, and doing nothing cost Hoover his job and lasted all of two years.
My point is that removing additional tariffs is a political act. Those who make decisions which will impact the lives of others should be cognizant of those impacts.
If the money supply is stable and prices are falling, that would be deflation. That doesn't necessarily equate to an icnrease in purchasing power, because wages would likely fall as well. Wages typically rise with inflation, so i can't see why they wouldn't also fall with deflation.
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:14:39
Gold is not bitcoin. You're making a large leap to assume that bitcoin will assume gold-like qualities.
Second, gold is not stable over the short-term. Its price varies wildly - look at a price chart for gold from 2006-present, for example (some of that is due to the dollar getting weaker / stronger, of course). Since gold isn't used as a currency many places these days, it would be hard to measure its purchasing power, but I'd be interested in seeing that if you have it.
@_date: 2014-08-14 12:32:48
Captain Libertarian to the rescue!
@_date: 2014-05-28 17:19:32
A good infographic requires no additional supporting text.
I'm not trying to be a dick here, I'm just saying that this is simply not that informative of a graphic. By all means keep on trying, and it's clear that you like the technology and perhaps a desire to learn the rendering software is what inspired this graphic. There just needs to be more thought about what is included, what isn't, and how it's framed.
* The sun is irrelevant, other than looking (semi-) cool.
* The little satoshis floating around look like the pyramids are sitting on a block of something made of stars. If you hadn't said they were satoshis, nobody would know.
* The smartphone is irrelevant and unnecessary, because the physical size of the coin doesn't matter. Further, why use a smartphone as the object of reference as opposed to something more universal, like a person, or a ruler. But, since the purpose is to show relative volume, why show height at all? Put them on a scale or something.
* The angle of the shot, looking down at both pyramids, obscures the purported purpose of the graphic. It minimizes their differences because the angle makes the bigger pyramid look smaller than it is. A better angle would be straight-on, or a birds-eye view (you wouldn't want to use pyramids for this one, you'd probably want to just lay the coins out flat) or not perspectival, or looking up.
* The stack of coins is completely missable without you saying its there.
*  If you're trying to show relative size, then a pyramid is not the best shape to use. A cylinder would be better, or a box, or something which doesn't change dimension as it gets higher. That hides the sense of volume.
@_date: 2014-08-05 23:34:01
20 minutes isn't a very long time to research obscure academic stuff.
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:31:09
If the Volker Rule gets implemented as intended, then the scenario you describe (banks gambling with guaranteed depositor money) will not happen inside the US. Glass-Steagall performed the same purpose. And many countries don't have deposit insurance anyway.
As for customers bearing responsibility for their bank failures, I'm all for that. We need customers who actually care about their institution, because government regulators can't catch everything. I would suspect that the G20 rules do not supercede domestic deposit insurance mechanisms, so in reality I don't think there's much new risk there.
Finally, as a side note, it is always misleading to compare the notional value of derivative exposure to anything. Many derivatives (particularly currency and interest rate swaps, a major part of the derivatives market) involve a fictitious amount of money that both banks will never pay the other. Adding up that money says nothing about actual exposures. 
Swaps are usually structured like this: Bank A will pay Bank B 5% interest on $1 billion (the "notional value;" this number is agreed to by both banks) for 12 months. Bank B, in turn, will pay bank A the market interest rate (determined by t-bills or LIBOR) on $1 billion for the same time frame. If interest rates rise, bank A makes money. If interest rates fall, bank A loses money. However, by making the deal, bank A can guarantee that it will never pay more than 5% interest. Many financial commentators make the lazy mistake of taking the $1 billion notional value and saying "this is our derivative exposure!" when, in reality, that $1 billion never existed and will never trade hands.
@_date: 2014-03-27 14:26:50
Bitcoin will always need to be converted into other currencies, even if only notionally, because you will need to pay taxes. Even if you reach a point where all your transactions are in Bitcoin, the government will require that you pay your sales tax, payroll tax, property tax, etc etc. Governments, in turn, have little incentive to accept BTC as payments for tax because it causes them extra headaches and they already (generally) have a functioning currency which they accept such payments in.
So the short of it is that BTC will always be converted to fiat to pay taxes. Given that, your "one way street" doesn't exist, and OP is right in concluding that people need a systematized way to keep track of what they owe in taxes of all kinds due to BTC transactions.
@_date: 2014-08-23 21:35:05
Think about it logically. If you're a bank, why would you want depositor cash if you can't use it as a basis for lending? How else are you going to make money on those deposits? How could you pay any interest rate if you're not using the depositor money to fund other things?
The original banks mixed stockholder cash with depositor cash, but they definitely lent it out using fractional reserve banking. Most countries passed laws limiting to what degree they could do that - 2 to 1, 3 to 1 were common - but they all did it.
Finally, you seem to be conflating investment banks (those which use their own money) with commercial deposit banks (those that have public depositors). They are not always the same. You don't know the history of banking. Please stop acting like you do.
@_date: 2014-04-20 17:18:27
In the Randian universe, the product of your labor is equivalent to your person. That fundamental tenet is why taxation is theft, and forms the basis of everything else she writes about. In such a system, giving someone money in return for nothing (charity) would be as illogical as chopping off your hand and giving it to a homeless person. Hence my question regarding the sick and infirm: Given that your product is equivalent to your person, why would anyone donate their product?
"Judging" might not be the right word, but in Rand's universe, the heroes are those who produce profitable things as a result of their work, independent of others (meaning that they don't expropriate the money of other people). Rand clearly judges the world by splitting them into "producers" (Rand's heroes) and "leechers," those who are not self-sufficient and rely on the work of others to survive. Such leeches are why Rand's heroes run off to their bond-esque hideaway in Colorado in Atlas Shrugged. A "leech" is anyone who lives off the product of another, which for Rand means politicians and the inept, but also clearly means starving artists, scientists who rely on outside funding, and homemakers - none of those people can do what they do without a subsidy from someone else. Hence my point on those people.
@_date: 2014-08-03 01:28:42
The dollar figures OP used were not 1913 dollars, and neither were mine. Your figure, while accurate, has absolutely nothing to do with this conversation.
@_date: 2014-08-06 00:20:55
He did say it was a working paper, so it might not be published. Have you looked at conference minutes, or other informal types of academic publications?
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:11:16
I honestly do not think that bitcoin is big enough to pose a problem to banks or credit card companies. 
The big banks (goldman, JPM, that kind of thing) aren't afraid because the big banks co-opt things for money. That's what they do. Goldman got involved in the aluminum storage business to make money; if bitcoin takes off, Goldman will invent instruments to make money off bitcoin too. The Winklevoss ETF is a perfect example of how Wall Street will find a way to make money on bitcoin.
I think that companies like Western Union, those that handle remittances of working class immigrants, would have more reason for concern, but I don't think they're holding daily updates on bitcoin's adoption rate. They would be wise to be aware of bitcoin, but given the demographics of remittances abroad (the recipients are by no means guaranteed access to the internet, a bank account, the ability to readily convert into / out of bitcoin, or an understanding of how bitcoin works), I don't think they're shaking in their boots. 
Would they plop a couple million on a discredit campaign? Sure, probably. A couple million is not much, and maybe they can scare off potential adopters for a while. They'd probably spend it on the major newspapers / online outlets in an attempt to scare off institutional investors who can really change things. I do not think for a second that they would hire someone to fuck around with Why bother? is a home for people who are already invested in bitcoin and are actively working on applications etc for its betterment. They'd be better off convincing the undecideds than the supporters. Which means they're not coming to @_date: 2014-08-25 04:09:44
The system describe above does not yet exist. It is possible, but the transaction fees charged every time an exporter wants to change currencies - which would be far far more than today, under the system described above - would render it pointless. Accounting alone would be a nightmare.
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:42:10
Bitcoin as investment != bitcoin as currency. You are completely correct.
Any currency with significant changes in value, both in terms of inflation and deflation, is not a good currency to be in.
@_date: 2014-08-14 22:18:26
Capital gains would only apply to the time between the merchant getting paid in bitcoin and the merchant cashing out in bitcoin. Since that is near-instantaneous thanks to multiple services that are enabling greater merchant use, capital gains is minimal to non-existent in those situations. They would therefore only pay sales tax on the fiat value of whatever they sold.
If a merchant gets paid in BTC and then holds on to it until the end of the year, then yes, they would need to pay capital gains (or a business writeoff, if BTC declines in value in that timeframe). They would owe tax on the sale (calculated in fiat), and they would owe capital gains on the profit gained by holding BTC.
It is not a never-ending loop.
@_date: 2014-08-05 20:43:02
Could you provide us with links to what you've found? I'm not very good at this sort of thing, but I'm sure if you keep looking you can find better info.
@_date: 2014-08-05 22:54:47
Could you try to keep looking? I don't know how to do what you are doing, but if you are able to confirm his paper I'm sure everyone would like to see it. I certainly would. Shouldn't take more than 3-4 hours I would think?
@_date: 2014-08-30 16:00:34
It's definitely not the best source of information, lol.
Some of the debates can be good, but usually whomever finds a problem gets downvoted, so if you want good conversation look at the hidden negative comments.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:08:55
This is a really stupid proposal.
The average voter and person knows nothing about how central banking, or the monetary system in general, works. Secondly, even if they do, there is no chance in hell that an average voter knows enough about investing to tell its central bankers what asset classes it should be investing in. Central banks have a real-world economic purpose, and if you go around arbitrarily forcing them to buy certain things, then you are creating unnecessary risk to the central bank's positions and thereby risking the monetary system in general.
It would be like having a referendum to decide that dentists should only use gold fillings for all fillings everywhere. You'd be removing discretion from the expert, the dentist who might think that a different material would be best for a certain patient, in favor of the opinion an almost certainly under-informed voting electorate.
It wouldn't surprise me at all if this referendum was proposed or at least bankrolled by some gold selling company. Goldbugs love this kind of shit. "Gold is secure and lasts and has value and can only go up, we need it! And oh look, what a coincidence, I just happen to be able to sell you some."
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:19:25
This should definitely be in the sidebar.
"A diversified portfolio is not one consisting entirely of cryptocurrencies and precious metals."
lol. spot on.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:02:26
'News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news.'
-Subreddit rule to your right
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:43:13
That is exactly how derivatives work, yes. What I'm saying is that weather is predictable to a degree, in no small part due to the huge backlog of data we have for it. Bitcoin we dont have that for, yet. Swaps are a step in the right direction - they're among the first derivatives one would expect for a currency, because they're the most useful for business planning / hedging purposes - but until bitcoin's volatility drops, it is not reasonable to expect bitcoin swaps to become commonplace.
I feel like we're talking around each other a little bit here. I fully agree with you on the function and purpose of derivatives. What I'm saying is that, in order to write them, one must have predictive capability. If the unknowns are high, then the price of the derivative is high. The higher the cost of hedging, the less likely people do it. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 00:56:38
Volatility of the underlying instruments always leads to higher price for derivatives. Black-Scholes basically institutionalized the fear = price principle into derivative values.
If volatility increases the demand for swaps, why isn't there a huge and thriving bitcoin swap market (aside from the legal issues of getting such a contract written / enforced)?
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:40:52
You assume the current system will fail. That is a large assumption.
In my view, the reason Europe's crisis has continued on so long is the unwillingness of its members to go balls out and fix the problem. Unlike the Fed, the ECB is highly constrained in what it legally can and can't do, so options the Fed pursued (TARP, QE's, etc) were never really on the table. Ever since Draghi came into office, the ECB has grown more ambitious and more decisive - much to the chagrin of its German members, not to mention the German public. 
If Europe survives this crisis, as looks increasingly likely, the repeatedly-expanded ECB will have played a fundamental role in saving it.
@_date: 2014-05-19 15:30:23
The inflation target does have many effects, as you mention. And yes, businesses account for more than just inflation in their projections. However, none of that disproves my original statement: that planning for the future price of bitcoin relative to anything is going to be more complicated than planning for the future price of the dollar, or euro. I also don't see how the use of QE, or the ECB's OMT and other EU stimulus measures, makes inflation planning more difficult because they are typically justified on the grounds that inflation is too far below its 2% target. If anything, those unconventional measures are supposed to restore the previously-stated target.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:17:15
I disagree with that entirely. The question of how bitcoin the currency works can be answered by present-day economics. Why can't it? The technology behind how Bitcoins are generated and transferred don't really impact how it, as a currency, functions.
It is all too easy (and misleading) to conflate the currency Bitcoin with the verification network bitcoin (little "b"). Your arguments about brave new world, paradigm-shift, etc apply to the verification network but don't really apply to the currency.
@_date: 2014-08-06 11:52:24
You can't disagree with facts.
The Fed is a private bank. It is not a federal entity, and it is not subject to any federal disclosure / FOIA type oversight. Its oversight is limited to Congressional approval of presidential appointees to its board of governors.
To reiterate, the Fed is under zero obligation to publish its research to anyone, because it is not a public entity.
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:23:49
This has almost nothing to do with their monetary system. He's talking about dealing with tax dodgers by taking the unpaid taxes from their bank accounts in a legally-supervised way, not arbitrary confiscation of people's bank accounts based on nothing.
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:28:09
Inflation-target central banking isn't the end of history, no, but I don't see how a purposefully deflationary currency with no means of responding to economic conditions, as required by any modern democracy, is going to replace it.
@_date: 2014-06-17 13:43:57
does this, in spades.
"Kuhn states that science is not the free-thinking paradise we are taught but a social class system where appeal to authority and confirmation-bias opinions are more important than the cold truth."
But Andreas said X, and also Nakamoto, and I believe him, and so here's this chart I have which shows Bitcoin is going to reach $10,000 by next December.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:04:36
So, you mentioned context: This article is about Citi selling (not closing, SELLING) its subsidiaries in ten markets. Those people won't be without banking access; they will instead continue to have access to banks, but now those banks won't say "Citi" on them.
@_date: 2014-08-15 19:22:51
If that is true then there should be a corresponding increase in volume of transactions. Do you see any sign of that?
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:35:28
Lawsky was appointed by the New York legislature, so the voters of New York indirectly elected him. I can guarantee that Lawsky didn't go off on his own, invent a new legal rationale which states that any transaction in dollars falls under Treasury supervision, and then slap a $10bn fine on a French bank without approval from his superiors.
edited to make correct, per Kerzane's helpful comment.
@_date: 2014-10-14 22:49:38
I think they're just ideological, young idealists who think they're participating in a revolution. They've seen a few posts here and elsewhere about finance, watched a youtube or two about the Fed and have deemed themselves economic prophets as a result.
Sure, some people troll positively. But they're usually pretty transparent. I think most people actually mean it. Which is worse.
@_date: 2014-05-19 16:13:48
Expansion and contraction of credit was exacerbated by being on gold. That was the lesson of the Great Depression, and that is why central banks around the world became much more interventionist after the Depression than they were before it. 
I don't want to get more into a history of the gold standard, because that's not the topic at hand here, but I will say that there are many reasons the world abandoned the gold standard in the 20th century. Any attempt to re-instate gold or a gold substitute as a currency must be able to account for the problems which forced its abandonment.
@_date: 2014-09-21 20:03:36
If the criteria are wrong, then the freedom rating is wrong, which means that any correlation between freedom rating and what I'm arguing matters more - social stability, happiness, life expectancy, financial stability, etc - is non-existent.
However, arguing the specifics of a biased (and it is biased) Heritage study gets away from the thing we're actually discussing here. You've said there's a correlation between economic freedom and non-economic indicators of social well-being, but haven't provided anything proving that yet, only showing studies talking about economic freedom.
Also, I will add that saying that the reason for Hong Kong's divergence from China is economic freedom ignores many, many contextual differences and oversimplifies ~100 years of history. Hong Kong benefited by being part of the British Empire, which enabled it to become an entrepot without needing any military expenditures and to live without fear of invasion. It's far from a typical case, because it benefited from the subsidy of British protection until 1997. Second, the economic freedom of Hong Kong has not equated to political freedom or even (potentially now) self-rule.
But this really gets back to my larger point. Economists, studying the economy, made conclusions for many years about what was best for the economy. Rarely, if ever, did those conclusions take into account the public good, social impacts, etc etc. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:16:43
Businesses care about inflation when it comes to supply chain planning, futures contracts, and future deliverables. I can explain further if you're interested, but you'll need to trust me that most businesses (especially large ones with multi-year plans) definitely take inflation into account.
@_date: 2014-06-08 15:01:19
It's actually a better example of what's called the "fallacy of composition:" Everyone, acting rationally in their self interest, ends up harming themselves collectively.
@_date: 2014-06-17 17:52:51
Pick an argument about something, defend it for two posts until its clear you don't know what you're arguing against, then downvote the reply which proves you said what I said you did.
Reddit in a microcosm.
@_date: 2014-05-27 15:01:40
I'm in academia too, and I really like the idea of crowd-sourced research funding supplementing the existing (cumbersome) grant process. Out of curiosity, why not use something like Kickstarter or one of the many other crowd-funding sites? They probably have more potential donors and definitely have greater potential for funding.
@_date: 2014-10-07 17:39:56
Actually, a combination of World War I, the Great Depression, and WWII resulted in governments being unable to defend gold pegs, because the system as a whole was inherently unstable and acted to transmit a shock in any corner of the world to every corner of the world. 
Governments didn't decide that non-commodity money would be a great way for them to be ebil and control people; they simply were unable (out of gold) or unwilling (the economic consequences of continuing to support the gold peg would be politically undesirable) to continue doing so. And this happens under fiat currencies too. Soros vs the BoE is probably the most famous example.
@_date: 2014-08-14 17:52:39
Merchants needing to convert to fiat will not go away. Governments have no incentive to allow taxes to be paid in BTC, because they have already established laws dictating what currency taxes can be paid in ("legal tender").
@_date: 2014-08-15 18:04:18
I haven't seen anything with "made in the UK" stamped on it in my home country. Therefore I conclude that the world needs no UK exports and wish the country a swift economic doom.
Sound logic.
On a serious note, removing $1.5trillion from the world economy would be bad. Most of US exports come in professional services - not just financial, but also things like accounting, or HR, or consultancy, or IT - and removing that would have a huge impact on things.
But I don't really need to take a comment seriously when it suggests that the US stop exporting everything, especially in a thread talking about possible US motivations for a weaker Euro.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:26:35
I can understand why you mention 2008, but if I were to discuss that we'd first have to come to an agreement as to its specifics, which ends up being a long and drawn out process (assuming we even agree, which is not incredibly likely).
As for "shit will happen", that is only true if there is a public consensus in agreement with you. Do you see signs indicating such a consensus? I don't. I would fully expect, just as in 2008, that the public demand their representatives take action to mitigate the downturns. Such is the nature of capitalist democracies.
By "flexibility" I mean the ability to inflate or deflate the currency as required by a variety of methods. Having a flexible currency in that regard helps maintain the system as a whole, because the currency can adjust (as opposed to everyone in the economy). Obviously it affects individuals too, of course. Re-allocation will happen regardless of the currency's origins, because both state and federal governments will allocate tax revenues as they see fit.
@_date: 2014-06-08 14:58:49
TBH, downvotes are a better indicator of an intelligent post here than upvotes. Particularly in those daily "When will Bitcoin cure cancer? Next week!" posts.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:15:41
"encourage spending" in this context means inflation. A positive rate of inflation "encourages spending" because, if the cash is unspent, then it loses value. "discourage spending" in this context would mean deflation. You are rewarded for doing nothing with your money.
You are correct that a deflationary currency creates an opportunity cost for present consumption. That is one of the major problems I see with Bitcoin, and one of the biggest reasons I think it will have a very hard time becoming a replacement for other, state-backed, central bank managed currencies on a country-level scale.
@_date: 2014-08-16 20:12:38
Switzerland is also rich as shit per capita. In a country with more income inequality (more poor people), it would not be such a good thing. Also, this:
"The country's success has a lot to do with rising productivity: When output per hour rises, the economy can grow without fueling inflation."
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:56:05
It is not bad for the economy if an inflationary environment makes a low-profit business worthwhile. Money is being spent, employment generated, products produced and services provided.
However, what I think you're getting at is that we would be better off if better business ideas (more profitable) were pursued. That is true. What I'm describing is the worst-case scenario. If you're a businessman and you have 2 ideas, one of which generates 10% profit and one of which generates 1% profit, of course you're going to go for the 10% option regardless of what the inflation rate is. 
What I am describing is the situation in which the 10% option is off the table, and all you have left is the 1% option. In a deflationary environment, you wouldn't pursue the 1% option. The jobs, products, services, and taxes you'd generate from it are now off the table. In an inflationary environment, those jobs, products, services, and taxes would come into existence. That's why deflation is generally viewed as more harmful to economic growth than inflation. It's not all about GDP, it's also about employment, taxes, etc.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:43:08
I agree that your argument meshes well with the influencing factors I listed as the "clearly-Congressional" changes like bankruptcy law modifications and the invention of the 401(k). You could also make the argument that the 1970 law allowed the newly-created neoliberal think tanks (Heritage, Cato, etc which were either created or dramatically modified  in the 70s to reflect their new owners' viewpoints) more influence, but at that point it's a bit of a stretch I think. The rise of shareholder corporations is also not really due to a change in law but was driven by other factors, including the need for Japanese money to find somewhere to go that wasn't Treasuries or Manhattan real estate.
All that aside, it is a very interesting topic and I hope you are able to collaborate with others who are also interested in it and can help with some of the complexities. In academica inequality is very much in vogue, and the study of it is having noticeable effects: the IMF's Christine Lagarde, for example, recently came out saying that inequality is a major drain on economic growth, something which would have been unheard of from an IMF director only 15-20 years ago.
I will watch the rest of your video later today, so I can't speak to your favorite chart. I look forward to seeing it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:39:44
I see your point. In an ideal world, really what you'd do is make them plentiful at the start so there's enough to be usable, then increase their value so that mining them becomes actually profitable. So I could see decreasing their production for a time (in order to make mining profitable), but after that time, I agree with you that it doesn't make sense to reduce production to zero.
It's an interesting problem, I wonder why other solutions weren't used. There may come a point in the future where the network needs to adjust the BTC production algorithm in order to deal with the scarcity problem, assuming that the currency-minded critics are correct.
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:32:51
Let's give you your refund. Then you can continue posting on the internet, a technology largely based on government research and development. You can post to the internet by using energy, which otherwise would be more expensive without government-enforced breakups of monopolies and regulation of energy markets via agencies such as FERC. There's even a high chance you're getting some of your energy from TVA-created entities, another egregious example of gubbermint ruining your life by providing you services. You can then drive to your dentist in a car whose safety is the result of government mandates and random inspections on roads planned, built, and maintained by your malicious gubbermint. Upon arriving at your dentist, you can make sure he knows what he's doing because of government certification programs which mandate both the quality of his education and the quality of his practice, allowing you to not undergo Russian roulette to get your gums inspected. And your gums will be inspected via technology made publicly available due to a combination of university research (paid for by federal grants) and patent law, which makes technologies and techniques public knowledge after a certain period of time because the government has decided to classify them as important to the welfare of the public.
So please, tell me more about how government has irreparably harmed your otherwise-blissful life.
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:17:14
As I mentioned in other posts, a central government will always require payment of taxes in their fiat currency. It would be impossible for someone living in a developed country to live entirely on bitcoin and never convert into fiat, because they would be unable to pay their taxes, and they would be unable to account for how it is that they pay rent, utilities, etc should they get audited because they aren't paying taxes. That, combined with a zealous enforcement of anti-money-laundering laws, would make it so difficult for average people to get into and out of BTC that only a very small cadre of the most zealous BTC supporters would keep using it. That, in turn, tanks the price of BTC (because demand has effectively collapsed), which would probably make mining not be profitable, which would destroy the network.
It is a fallacy to pretend that BTC is invincible as an effective currency.
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:47:45
Seems reasonable. Compute estimated values of all gold holdings, add that to all money transactions, take all currency in existence, divide by 21 million, TO THE MOON!
I'm surprised an investment firm is willing to hire someone willing to put out such mindless analysis. It's almost as bad as the guy who predicted like $40m per coin because he took all monetary transactions in the world by value, divided by 21 million, and concluded we'd all be living on a moon colony swimming in platinum-lined pools by 2019 if we bought bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:07:29
Good luck being reasonable / actually educated on a topic, this sub generally doesn't like that.
@_date: 2014-02-18 16:55:30
"store of value" means that it retains its value over time (ideally, as judged against a basket of other currencies), within reasonable bounds. It does not mean "increases by almost a thousand percent in less than 3 years."
"deposit insurance" as referenced in this article refers to a government guarantee. a private company offering insurance is not really comparable to a government guaranteeing its deposits. The reason the FDIC in the US was created in the first place was, in no small part, because the guarantees of banks and insurers pre-1929 proved worthless when a run of sufficient size ended their ability to back said guarantees.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:09:41
While technologically possible to make such derivatives, we are years away from actually having them. Bitcoin's volatility is so high that existing models of pricing for futures and options do not apply. Nobody could buy a bitcoin currency swap for anything but an exorbitant premium today, and until the volatility goes down into predictable ranges for long periods of time, that will remain the case.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:59:16
25 minutes in, filled with ominous "and nobody knows the reason why everything is shit" statements, and he still hasn't said what his reason is. can't watch further.
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:01:40
I'm trying to explain the economic side of things. You just don't care. I would bet money that you're going to continue spouting the same nonsense you've posted here in the future, as you retreat back to places where you're not called out on your bullshit.
@_date: 2014-09-21 02:04:13
Hayek has more to do with the Great Recession's causes than Keynes does. This video fails by pretending otherwise. The world, in general, adopted a light-regulation, free-market, free-trade, limited government intervention approach to economics from the mid-1980s through 2007, and we've paid the price. Not only in the Great Recession, but also in places like Detroit and Cleveland, where unfettered free trade policies via NAFTA destroyed the automotive industry in the span of just a few years as cars moved to Asia. The people who lost their jobs had no adequate retraining; the ones that could leave did, and the ones who couldn't (the poor) didn't. Property values plunged, enter poverty and crime and drug abuse, and you have the Rust Belt.
It's beyond ignorant to claim that Keynesian policy created the Great Recession, and its beyond beyond ignorant to claim that Hayek has never had his policies tried in real life. We did it for 25 years. Turns out the market is unacceptably volatile. And when shit hits the fan, what happens? Do people in democracies unanimously say "Ok we love free markets and enterprise let's just suck this up for a couple years and everyone move to where the jobs are!" or do they say "Hey, you politician, DO SOMETHING"?
That's the essence of Keynes, despite all the attempts to paint him as a socialist or something else. It's a realization that democratic politics and unfettered free markets are fundamentally incompatible, and when shit hits the fan, its the market that loses, because the people vote. The solution is to harness the best parts of capitalism, try to limit and regulate the worst, and make something that serves social good as well as economic good. Hayek's problem is the fallacy of too many economists: they only care about economics. Higher GDP doesn't mean shit if it doesn't equate to better living conditions, longer lifespans, more general happiness, or social stability. What's good for the market isn't always what's good for society.
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:57:59
There was a global gold standard (at least for the West, and its colonies) until World War I. Countries used their own denominations, but nearly all denominations were convertible at a set ratio of dollars to an ounce of gold, or pounds sterling to an ounce of gold, or francs to an ounce of gold, etc. As a result, it was very easy to convert from currency to currency.
Countries largely suspended conversion from paper to gold during WWI, for obvious reasons (you don't want the lack of a shiny metal in a bank vault to cause you getting overrun by ze Germans). After WWI, countries re-instituted the gold standard but at different rates than before because economic conditions had changed. The exception to this is Great Britain, which brought back the same paper-to-gold conversion rate and successfully underwent about a decade of recession as a result.
Setting aside the gold standard's role in exacerbating and spreading the Great Depression, during the 1930s countries gradually either went off gold altogether or devalued multiple times. Basically, the gold standard had been the rule for so long that nobody knew how to do anything different, so most countries struggled mightily for several years until finally giving up at different points throughout the 1930s. Great Britain abandoned gold in I want to say 1934 (don't quote me on that), while the US devalued 2-3 times under FDR, going from the pre-1929 conversion rate of ~$20 = 1 ounce of gold to $35 = 1 ounce of gold.
During WWII, gold conversion (for those who kept it) was again suspended for obvious reasons. After WWII, most countries (especially Europe) abandoned gold altogether, but instead signed on to the Bretton Woods agreements (you may go wiki that if you wish). Bretton Woods was based on a trade treaty called the General Agreements on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), which would become the basis for today's WTO. Anyway, under Bretton Woods, countries decided to "peg" their currencies to the dollar at a fixed rate, while the dollar remained fixed at $35 = one ounce of gold. Non-dollar countries would occasionally adjust their dollar peg as economic conditions required - particularly in response to recessions - and the result was what people call the "dollar-gold" standard. If you have German marks, you can convert them to dollars at the pre-set rate, then convert your dollars into gold.
By the late 1960's, a few things had made the $35 = 1 oz of gold rate problematic for the US. Among them were the rising costs of Vietnam created a gold drain, and the Fed's interest rate hikes as a result of that drain created an economic slowdown. Another cause was demographic as the US labor force expanded rapidly due to the baby boomers. Europeans, especially the French as you noted, began fearing that the US wouldn't be able to keep converting its dollars to gold, so they started what is tantamount to a run on the banks: they started demanding the conversion of their dollars to gold. The Fed did everything it could to keep the $35 = 1oz conversion rate in place until the early 1970s, when it became impossible to keep spending the money required to maintain that ratio. First, the Fed banned private individuals from converting cash to gold, and then later had to stop the conversion for central banks too, thereby ending the last vestige of the gold standard.
So, there's your answer. tl;dr the gold standard died over three major periods: post-WWI, Great Depression, and the late 60s- early 70s. The main reason it was abandoned is because it is not flexible enough for domestic democratic politics. Countries who need macroeconomic adjustment cannot, under the gold standard, adjust nearly as easily or painlessly as they can under a fiat system.
I can explain why countries were adjusting their pegs, both to gold and to dollars, if you're interested, but this post is long enough already so im avoiding it for now. That explanation dives into international trade, among other things. I'm also not really touching on how central banks and interest rates affected the gold standard, partly because that is the major way in which the Great Depression was transmitted across borders.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:32:25
The bitcoin network may be invincible, but bitcoin as a worthwhile means of payment for real-life, tangible goods and services is certainly not. Governments can make converting into and out of bitcoin hideously complicated or illegal if they want, and at that point all you've got is a worthless token traded among a computer network which is unable to use that currency for anything else.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:21:44
I don't think its sugar-coating. You might disagree with the ultimate aim of monetary integration, but there is little denying that the ECB's expansion over the last few years has put it in charge of large portions of that effort. SSM, SRM, and eventually Euro-level deposit insurance will all be overseen by the ECB. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 22:47:39
Bitcoin is definitely a speculative asset, despite your preference to label it otherwise. It declined ~60-70% in the span of 12 months after growing several thousand percent before that. That is far, far more volatile than any of the major stock indices you could easily invest in today with an ETF.
If you want to put some money in bitcoin, fine. But putting all your savings in bitcoin, and then talking about it as if its a wise choice, only shows how little you really know about finances. If you make as much money as you claim, you should meet an investment adviser who will give you much better advice.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:52:03
Your description is not quite accurate, because the study was looking specifically at bitcoin. When it launched in 2009, a large, large portion of the originally-mined coins have never been spent or even moved wallets. There's no real way to know why that is the case - it could be that whoever mined it forgot about them, or they lost their keys, or they are miraculously patient and don't want to cash out.
However, as bitcoin's adoption accelerated, the % of coins mined which were then transacted increased. That's all the study is saying. The fact that it fails to adequately address the overhang of unspent, original coins is a serious flaw to that study.
Your description is misleading because the MIT study is not generalizable. They are not saying that "deflationary currencies lead to spending." They're saying that the percentage of newly-minted coins which go into active circulation - being transacted - is higher today than it was in 2009.
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:18:19
Argentina's default is not that big a deal this time, because Argentina possesses the capability to pay but simply doesn't want to. This is not a traditional sovereign default. And in any event, the impact of said default on the exchange rate is not going to be very big.
@_date: 2014-09-01 00:24:30
What the fuck are you even talking about? How high are you right now? How the fuck do you go from me saying "I think we should try to deny funding to terrorists" to you concluding that I am an employee of some shadow organization trying to destroy bitcoin, and then further labeling me a traitor?
You can go fuck right off. Go back to whatever dark corner of the internet you are liked in and leave the reasonable people alone.
@_date: 2014-10-10 15:36:07
So I did just see you try to pimp out your girlfriend for btc?
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:40:39
Russia has made using bitcoins illegal, so people are not able to convert their rubles into BTC. Therefore I don't see much connection between Russia's implosion and bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-28 12:59:28
I can't see why they would, at least in countries with stable currencies. For nations with problems getting taxes collected, or nations with bad credit histories like Argentina and the like, I could see them allowing its payment. And maybe in some of those happy weird Scandanavian countries too. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 18:33:05
Couldn't we just do a cross-search of FPGA and bitcoin on any number of academic databases and see what comes up? I don't think this is going to be a very well-published topic... Let me know what you find, I'm interested to see it!
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:41:41
Krugman wasn't talking about bitcoin the technology, he was talking about bitcoin as a currency. He is more than qualified to talk about bitcoin as a currency - he's got a fucking Nobel prize - but, as a quote on the above article mentions, he himself admits that he is not a technological expert and his views on say the functioning of the bitcoin protocol should be ignored or taken with grains of salt. 
If Krugman said that he thinks X policy will result in Y economic output, I'd listen. If Krugman said he thinks that bitcoin's transaction malleability problem could cripple the system, I wouldn't. He knows one subject matter and not the other.
Fred Wilson is the opposite. He knows the technology but probably doesn't know shit about the economics of currencies. If Fred Wilson said he thinks a company is a great investment, I'd listen. If he said he thinks deflationary currencies result in optimal economic outcomes, I wouldn't.
Neither is wrong. They're just approaching different questions.
Edit: the hivemind here is incredible. For a crowd that thinks of itself as avant-garde, free-thinking futurists, it's pretty amazing how consistently any expert who says "this might have a problem" gets his credentials and analysis questioned, whereas when Russell Brand (a comedian with zero credentials, zero reason anyone should listen to him for economic opinions) says "I like bitcoin" people upvote the shit out of it and applaud him for "getting it." Hilarious. Critical thinking requires understanding the viewpoint of the opposition and having a counter to it, not saying "Krugman's nobel isn't really a nobel!" among the other bullshit people have posted here.
@_date: 2014-07-15 12:04:14
I agree with your assessment, it is quite likely that allowing the bad apples to fail results in more short-term pain and a better long-term system. I just don't think that modern-democracies will tolerate the short-term pain, based on the public clamor for action following every major recession since the 1930s. The public expects their government to mitigate economic downturns via policy, and because Bitcoin eliminates that ability (at least to a large degree), I don't think it is a feasible replacement for fiat currencies, at least in Western developed democracies.
As for cheap credit, it is true that government-driven credit bubbles would go away. But it is also true that the market has a way of making its own credit - it certainly did during the 1920s despite the gold standard, and thanks to modern financial chicanery I'm sure credit expansion could happen without government / Fed interference today. There will still be credit booms and real estate bubbles in a bitcoin future. Why wouldn't there be?
@_date: 2014-09-26 04:50:44
Nice looking idea there. Even though you appear to be short on cash, i am a private investor who invests in these kinds of thing for a living. Valuing such projects is always the issue in such circumstances. Even informal revenue numbers would help me understand what your valuation is and should be. Realistically, it is impossible for me to provide funds without such information.
Going forward, what do you see as the potential issues with your project? On the currency risk side of things, how are you hedging against rises in fiat? Net expenditures. Net revenues.  Anything would help me see if I agree with your assements. 
Gross revenues are the key to most anything in my business. Investors are usually fairly risk-averse. Valuations, as I'm sure you know, are very difficult to agree upon. Even though you might get 50 experts in the same room!
Young companies also offer the best opportunities, in my opinion. Often, they are steered by people who just don't know what they are doing, but when they are ... Undervalued young projects are my favorite!
Unfortunately, many companies are run by incompetents or, even worse, scam artists. Prudence is required in all situations, and i look forward to reviewing your documents.
@_date: 2014-08-30 00:17:17
It's really not.
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:49:46
@_date: 2014-09-07 18:08:18
If Scotland becomes independent, I think it would become detached from the Sterling almost immediately. Any planning for what currency to use would be done shortly, I would assume by the end of the year. 
Find a reason for it to be 2015 and I'll think about it.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:28:09


Please provide proof.
States generally don't care, except for how bitcoin impacts money laundering / drug activity / getting around currency controls (that's only a couple countries, most particularly Russia / China). They might care if bitcoin affected tax income, which is what you see a lot of the regulations aimed at, but because they require taxes to be paid in fiat, until a truly self-contained bitcoin ecosystem develops, that's not a noticeable threat. Banks definitely do not care, because they are sophisticated enough to make money off of bitcoin. Remittance companies, say money order companies, they should be worried. But the average bank doesn't make that much of its money off of money transfers or remittances. They make it via lending and speculation, neither of which bitcoin threatens. Credit card companies don't care either, because the customers they serve are almost certainly going to be better served by credit cards than bitcoin for a very long time.
So, please provide proof to support the oft-cited trope of "banks running around hair on fire because bitcoin"
@_date: 2014-07-14 16:43:36
Austrian economic theories have been tested in the real world for decades. Pinochet's Chile was arguably the first, but since ~1990 Austrian monetary policy has dominated the policy-making of central bankers around the world.
However, that does not answer how bitcoin helps in times of crisis.
@_date: 2014-06-27 17:43:09
He's right. Bitcoin's inherent bias toward deflation makes it far more useful as a commodity - which is how the IRS recently decided to treat it - than it does for day to day use. Add in the lack of a need for an alternate currency in the West - where bitcoin's adoption is likeliest to take place, given its ease of access to technology, as opposed to say Somalia - and you have more supporting evidence that Bitcoin is an investment which happens to be a means of payment, rather than the other way around.
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:48:28
The libertarian arguments would be incorrect.
The welfare state and capitalism go hand in hand. The first country to really move towards a capitalist system is England in the 16th-17th centuries via [enclosure]( which in tandem with Henry VIII's  [dissolution of the monasteries]( created the idea of private property, rule of law, and limitations on the king's power. All of those things are required for the establishment of capitalism.
Anyway, enclosure basically entailed landlords literally "enclosing" pieces of land which hitherto had been commonly shared (hence the phrase "the commons"). Landlords went around forbidding the peasantry from using lands they had traditionally used, which allowed for increased productivity (one person running the land is more efficient than 50), the ability to lend against that land (because clear ownership was established), and also caused tremendous social upheaval and resentment (people generally don't like being evicted on the grounds that they have no claim to land their family had used for centuries). 
In response to the social upheaval caused by enclosures, England enacted the [first social welfare / redistributive laws]( which, among other things, provided every needy person with a minimum income based on the prevailing price of bread. This was a direct attempt by the state to mitigate the negative impacts of capitalist development. Future laws sought to help poor people from being forcibly evicted and helped the peasants who, being forced out of the rural areas, moved into the meat grinder that was Dickensian industrial England.
The idea of the minimum wage goes back even further, and can be traced to [the black death]( Arguing that it is somehow a contrivance of modern-day economies is a fallacy.
The point of that long history lesson, aside from being generally interesting to economic history nerds such as myself, is that capitalism and the welfare state co-exist. They both require each other for survival. Without the welfare state, the luddites and peasants of industrializing England would have stopped economic progress from happening via revolution, which almost happened anyway despite the social mitigation programs on several occasions. And without capitalism, the welfare state couldn't have the economic progress / tax revenues to pay for itself.
tl;dr capitalism and the welfare state part of the same system. They cannot be seen as separate entities, because they have never been separate. Any analysis that tries to do so should be treated with suspicion.
@_date: 2014-12-30 06:19:38
It's very stupid to predict bitcoin values by comparing bitcoin transactions over time, denominated in dollars. For starters, the instability of the BTC-USD pair is tremendous. Second, if you're trying to make an assumption that more transactions leads to more value, then you should be more interested in the number of bitcoins transacted, not their value in dollars at the day they were transacted. By that logic, with the ~60% decline in the BTC-USD over 2014, transactions would have to increase by 60% just to keep even. If one bitcoin at $1200 trades daily, but then it falls to $400, then you'd need three bitcoins to transact daily just to keep the same dollar transaction volume per day. You'd be ignoring a threefold increase in transactions.
I've talked to the guy who makes these videos before and he seemed quite reasonable, but this one I just don't know about. 3 minutes of "we can't model bitcoin" followed by "but here's how we modeled bitcoin."
@_date: 2014-10-14 22:47:46
Yes, I saw that. And I saw all the supportive comments.
And then there's the overt trolls - people posing as bankers who had a meeting in which their boss had a heart attack at the mere mention of bitcoin, which will destroy the entire financial system as we know it - who get upvotes and job offers galore. Those are the best.
@_date: 2014-03-27 16:09:02
I was using Bitcoin for currency, bitcoin for network. It's a system I made up, there's no reason it can't be backwards. I understood what you were saying, however.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:57:51
I think we do have some data on "hard currency" as a global standard to rely on: the gold standard, at least up until the mid 1930s. Although even it was more flexible than a bitcoin standard would be, because countries had the ability to devalue / appreciate their currency's gold pegs, and interest rate levers were used as well.
While I agree that without government interference the market might become more stable, I also think that any system invented will be gamed by someone and eventually that gaming causes problems. In the build-up to the Great Depression, banks started lowering their reserve ratios and inventing the first off-balance-sheet enterprises in attempts to expand the money supply, independent of the actual amount of gold in anyone's vaults. A bitcoin crash would probably take the same form as people create new instruments to provide liquidity, fueling a bubble and eventually causing a pop. And when that happens, as you said, there's nothing anyone can do but wait. I don't think that is a viable policy route in a democracy.
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:43:21
The key part of his long-winded hystrionic narrative is this:
"Basically, for many years now, our government has been borrowing so much money (very often using short-term loans), that very soon, we will no longer be able to afford even the interest on these loans."
Which ignores that US borrowing costs are at historic lows, which is why the Fed successfully implemented a plan to swap existing higher-interest bonds for new, lower-interest bonds, thereby lowering the interest payments overall and saving our country billions of dollars in interest payments. The era since the 2008 crash has been among the best times to be issuing Treasury Bills in the history of the United States.
He's wrong. And probably trying to hype whatever it is he's short on.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:26:55
The white knight to the rescue! Tell me more about how my pragmatic advice constitutes statist bullshit logic, oh advanced philosophy major.
@_date: 2014-03-13 19:19:15
Well yeah, sure. The psychological desire for immediate gain as opposed to delayed satisfaction has been well studied. But that doesn't really apply to how people typically view investments. I have an IRA I could cash out and buy a car with, but I'm not going to. 
And in any event, that would be a brand new way of justifying a currency's use. Most other people argue that currency serves a mundane purpose - lubricating the wheels of everyday transactions - and their use is not driven by recently-studied psychological arguments.
@_date: 2014-06-09 14:00:11
Accessing the internet required plugging your phone line into your modem, then double-clicking AOL's startup icon. It wasn't 12 steps, didn't involve unknown OS's, and didn't require an antiquated printer.
I'm aware of the push for hardware wallets etc, and they do have more potential for mass-adopted security, but if this is the recommended method for securing bitcoins then only the most optimistic (or most insane) would argue that bitcoin is ready for mass adoption. The average person will NEVER do this. They'll see the instructions, say fuck this, and go back to the bank.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:14:15
This kind of sign makes bitcoin seem like it is supported by anti-government loons living out in the woods someplace like Timothy McVeigh. I see similar things in the deep South relating to Christianity.
In neither case would I see the sign, think "hmm what an excellent and reasoned perspective, I should investigate this further." I'd think "What species of redneck created this?" I'd then associates these loons with bitcoin, doing nobody any favors.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:18:47
The libertarian-Randian element of this sub leads me to think that he did, in fact, mean what he typed.
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:13:42
Thanks for the rambling! Very understandable, and I agree very interesting. Thank you for the detailed explanation.
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:34:00
Wait, there are actual windows phone enthusiasts?! What a strange world we live in.
@_date: 2014-08-23 18:31:32
That was never the model of banking. If it was, then banks would make no money, because they wouldn't be allowed to do anything with depositor cash. They would have no incentive to exist.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:25:27
What's the difference between creating an opportunity cost and "accurately communicating" one? Bitcoin is specifically designed to create deflation, and is therefore specifically designed with that opportunity cost.
@_date: 2014-10-21 18:50:12
I asked you to define those terms because no economist would use them. I still have no idea what you're talking about. Instead of answering the definitions, you launched into a ramble based on a misunderstanding of something Friedman once said about efforts to fight deflation.
@_date: 2014-02-19 05:35:01
I just wish there were a central place everyone could trust to fairly do their transactions without fear of scumbags taking all our coins.
@_date: 2014-09-21 22:03:19
You seem to be trying to get me to argue in favor of socialism instead of capitalism. I'm not doing that, as I already stated. Capitalism won that debate when the Berlin Wall fell. I'm just saying that the debate today is not between "freedom" and "planning", but is about how much planning goes into capitalist markets. The world is going to be capitalist for a long time to come. But there are many ways to approach capitalism, and many of them involve the state both propping up the marketplace and supplementing its shortcomings.
My point regarding you needing to provide correlation between economic "freedom" and human outcomes remains. The most accepted index of human development - the UNHDR - doesn't show much correlation between economic "freedom" and human outcomes. I didn't bring it up because I assumed you'd have another one you wanted to use.
Public good is much broader than assuming that, if individuals make money, then the public is better off. Individuals could make money at the expense of everyone else, or at the expense of the environment. Incidentally, the converse is also true. Free trade might benefit the country as a whole - although there is significant economic debate about that claim - but it certainly involves dislocations to be endured by significant (the debates would say ever-growing) segments of the population. When people talk about the decline of the US middle class, the best and primary explanation for that decline is the rise of free trade, which removed the jobs that non-college people traditionally held.
I would still like to see something from you correlating economic "freedom" to human outcomes (education, standards of living, happiness indexes, social mobility, etc etc).
@_date: 2014-10-09 20:10:34
People want derivatives because ... people want derivatives. It's kind of required for anything financial to reach maturity. Nearly everything but literally controlling bitcoin would be a derivative - shorts, options, futures, etc.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:23:28
The hivemind in this sub surpasses the hivemind of reddit in general, which is thoroughly impressive.
@_date: 2014-06-06 01:06:04
USD-EUR looks great, at least.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:25:12
In this model, consumers would be less willing to part with their bitcoins because they, like the merchants, don't want to spend them. It would balance out.
For merchants the advantage of bitcoin is lower transaction costs, as compared to credit cards. That's why they offer discounts, they're basically taking the CC fees out of the price. 
@_date: 2014-09-14 16:23:29
To an extent, yes. They do have input on monetary decisions, and they still control their fiscal policy. Bitcoin would control both monetary and fiscal policy.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:25:51
Chome plugin that blocks popups and a lot of other things. Like adblock, but better.
@_date: 2014-03-27 14:16:08
The OP sets up a false argument. As I've stated in other threads, there is a general tendency here to conflate Bitcoin the currency (capital "B") with the bitcoin network (lower-case "b").
We know tons and tons of information about currencies. Currencies have existed for thousands of years, and shittons of research has been performed studying how they work, should work, how and when they failed, their genesis, and their evolution. Bitcoin the currency is NOT unique in the history of the universe. Numerous non-government-sanctioned currencies have existed over time, based on anything imaginable. Conversations about the merits of the Bitcoin currency can easily take place in the context of what we already know regarding currencies - it serves the same purpose as other currencies, which we know. There is no reason that we can't have that discussion.
The bitcoin network, however, is relatively new in the history of the universe. We can talk about the bitcoin network's applications ad infinitum, and it probably will be a game-changer. The network is what gets the hackers and technerds super excited, with the currency being merely its first application. The bitcoin network has tremendous potential and should be explored further, and its potential is truly hard to gauge or find the limits of at present. The currency, however, can be easily judged knowing what we know about currencies.
The closest metaphor I can think of is Android and apps which work in Android. Criticizing an Android app does not equate to a rejection of the Android environment. OP pretends that they are the same. They're not.
tl;dr stop conflating the Bitcoin currency with the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:57:51
Bitcoin wasn't modeled after gold. Gold doesn't diminish in supply logarithmically until it reaches zero. Bitcoin wasn't modeled after any physical commodity, or if it was, it wasn't modeled accurately. Satoshi was undoubtedly a great programmer and a fantastic network optimizer, but he was not an economic expert by any means.
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:17:10
My argument has two implications for bitcoin.
The first agrees with you. If Bitcoin's value relative to other currencies is constantly rising, then the wise course of action would be to buy and hold Bitcoins. In this sense, Bitcoins would act just like a commodity. This is how many countries and several states have decided to treat Bitcoin, using this very logic.
That point which I agree with you on, bodes poorly for Bitcoin's future as a currency, and brings me to the second point, an implication. If the logical thing to do is hoard coins (at least until the rate of appreciation drops to unattractive levels), then Bitcoin will not function well as a currency. After all, why pay for something today in Bitcoins when your BTC will be worth several times more in the future, assuming you have alternatives?
@_date: 2014-09-01 13:43:45
That is just hyperbolic nonsense. Has the US government been sending special forces to your door or launching missiles at you from drones? Or are they causing you mild inconvenience by making certain actions illegal, and requiring you to stand in a machine at the TSA? Which is closer to how the US treats terrorists?
@_date: 2014-08-04 17:00:18
A large number of people, in the absence of laws (or more accurately, punishment for certain types of behavior), would cause harm to anyone they please for any reason they pleased. Further, people are not fully rational - the fully rational, utility-maximizing individual is an invention of economics because it lacked the computational power to accurately model individual preferences - and so they would repeatedly make choice that harm not only themselves, but others. 
For example, in a world without a state, who would stop people from clear-cutting every forest they can find and selling the timber? Such an action is rational for the individual doing the cutting - he makes money - but harms not only himself but everyone around him, regardless of whether or not they approved or even know about his behavior.
That example assumes a homo economicus, which capitalist-anarchy is premised upon. But what about people who truly do not give a fuck about anything? What about a heroin addict who is willing to shoot anyone he has to in order to get his next fix? Said addict has no internal moral or ethical compass, and has no reason to fear external authority because the state no longer exists. Who stops him?
Anarchy is built on false assumptions of how human beings actually work. It sounds great in the theoretical, but when taken to its logical conclusion it results in a horrific mad max type hellscape in which those without ethics would dominate everyone else. I hope you are not so far down the rabbit hole that you can still critically think about the implications of what you are proposing.
@_date: 2014-06-05 16:59:07
What an impressive collection of non-sensical inflammatory dog-whistle words. Please tell me more.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:17:40
Your explanation of Nixon's 1973 decision is pretty good and succinct, I do not object to it. The question is then this: why was the US printing more dollars?
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:09:46
The national debt shrank from well over 100% of GDP after World War II to less than 40% by ~1970. It also shrank from ~30% of GDP at the end of the Revolutionary War to zero by the 1830s. So I guess it never shrank, it just periodically lowers its value throughout time?
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:41:45
I'm saying there is an incompatibility between what people expect of bitcoin and its price swings. People here, seeking to keep the faith, explain away downswings as the result of various things, anything, in order to maintain the belief that bitcoin's rise is inevitable. Any increase in price justifies the faith, any decrease is explained away. A reasonable, unbiased observer would reach the conclusion of OP - that sometimes prices just move.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:36:14
Ah, so to be clear, you are criticizing Krugman for not earning a non-existent prize?
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:49:40
You'd need someone willing to accept rubles for their bitcoin - which is not likely, as an increasing number of companies and individuals are unwilling to deal in anything ruble-related including Apple and Steam - and you'd need someone willing to go through that process.
Consumers in Russia are buying consumer durables (cars, washing machines, etc) because they will retain their value. It's probably easier for them to do that than buy bitcoin, given the restrictions on buying btc.
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:46:28
I'm aware of the traditional definitions of how currencies should work, and apologize for not fully incorporating that definition.
An ideal currency never changes in value (as measured by ability to purchase goods and services), or if it must change, changes in predictable amounts. A purposefully-deflationary currency cannot meet the "store of value" requirement, because it is always changing in value. "Store of value" means price stability, above all else. The rationale is simple, and based on international or any time-delayed transaction.
Picture yourself as a coffee shop owner in, say, England. You want to import coffee from Brazil. You call up a Brazilian coffee grower, and you agree to a price of $10 per pound, when he harvests it. He harvests it a few months later, and ships it to you, and all is well with the world. You make coffee, and you make a profit.
Now imagine that the dollar is steadily appreciating the whole time. The coffee which you agreed to pay $10 per pound for when you ordered it turns out to be worth only $5 per pound by the time it arrives at your shop. You are now losing money - because you can't charge what you paid for it, let alone make a profit.
"Store of value" means that the currency retains its relative value over time. This example illustrates that meaning. And that's why a purposefully-deflationary currency will have a very hard time becoming a "store of value." That's why I call it a commodity - it definitely is a commodity, at least today, although that might change in the future. And that's why many other jurisdictions treat it the same way, too.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:33:28
As a side note, this is exactly how consumer banking would work in a system that makes fractional reserve banking illegal.
@_date: 2014-08-30 16:03:20
Yeah. And they had to deal with zoning issues, obeyed limits on how many lots could be set up, and assumed that the swindler's swindles are illegal, when the truly Randian response to being swindled is to treat it as a lesson, or the shifting of money from those who don't deserve it to those that do. Hilarious.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:36:25
A large part of thinks that, simply by using bitcoin, they are actively changing the world and making a brighter future. When someone shows up and says "You know, I just don't know about this" then its not just a difference of opinion, its a threat to their entire worldview. After all, if bitcoin isn't guaranteed to last forever and if it isn't going to disrupt banking and usher in an era of Randian happiness, then how do I justify the years I've spent talking about it to all of my friends? If the deflation issue is a major economic problem, then how do I square that with my assumption that bitcoin is going to disrupt all of economics? People are invested in bitcoin both materially and as a philosophy, so questioning bitcoin's economics is simultaneously questioning their philosophy. That's why they react so strongly.
I'd like it if more people here were more willing to engage in conversation. I'm a skeptic because I don't trust the economics of bitcoin as a currency - although I do own some, because I'm not fully convinced either way. I put in enough that if it goes to $10k I'll be happy, but if it goes to $0 I won't be sleeping in my car. Anyway, every time I say something skeptical its probably 60% "go away paid troll," 20% people arguing economics they don't understand with me, 10% people repeating the party line on whatever topic it is until I'm too bored of reading replies to engage anymore, and 10% actually-educational and interesting discussion.
@_date: 2014-09-13 05:14:01
China isn't decoupling from the dollar, and it can't decouple from the dollar until it stops exporting things to the US. China buys dollars because it needs to keep the RMB artificially low to fuel exports. The only thing that stops that dynamic is a sudden halt in China's exports to the US.
@_date: 2014-09-13 22:16:57
Confirming that the completely unbiased "bitcoinpricelive.com" predicts that the price will skyrocket! This is trustworthy! Where's the roller coaster?!?! I NEED IN.
@_date: 2014-12-04 15:52:26
You'd be better off buying the bitcoin and then using one of the services that fix your value in fiat. Then, you get to have the joy of spending the next 3-4 years paying for things with bitcoin instead of fiat, so that there's no record of you depositing money into a bank account.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:47:56
What I described is a worst-case scenario for bitcoin, and it's not one that's likely to happen. You are correct that a savvy business would save its fiat for payment of taxes. However, in an environment in which bitcoin has been banned, a business would have to create a paper trail to launder its BTC and that becomes unattractive very quickly. I would also wonder how such a business could plan to pay its taxes in fiat; would not other needs, such as paying vendors who don't want BTC etc, also require the use of fiat as well?
As for methods of laundering, I'm sure there will always be ways, even if the mad max scenario of every country banning it comes into existence. The question is whether that affects bitcoin's use: if it is tremendously difficult to get around government restrictions on converting into / out of BTC, then the average person won't bother, and it will go back to being the preferred means of transaction for a small number of technophiles, AKA where it was in 2010.
@_date: 2014-08-10 15:08:59
You don't understand how currencies work.
There is a demand for currency, and there is a supply for currency. To use your simple math, let us assume that there are 10 times more dollars today (2014) than there were in 2000. Without considering demand, your oversimplified analysis concludes that 2000 $1 is now worth 2014 $.10. What maths!
However, if demand for the same currency went up ten fold between 2000 and 2014, then 2000 $1 is still worth 2014 $1. Now you have to add in further wealth creation, consider purchasing power / CPI, and then you arrive at the conclusion that economists have: that 2000 $1 is worth about 2014 $.625.
If you don't understand something, ask. Don't keep defending your uninformed opinions when others are offering you the facts.
@_date: 2014-11-04 17:37:11
I agree. I didn't mean to sound like I'm disagreeing with the video entirely.
@_date: 2014-08-25 13:30:23
An increase in debt, assuming that debt is traded (which it is under a fractional reserve banking system), is also effectively an increase in the money supply. That means inflation, not deflation. Deflation might take place during systematic explosions as people rapidly unwind their positions and withdraw from the system, but that's only because the system has been inflated to begin with.
I have never heard people use the term "usury" outside of a religious context, so it is hard to understand what you're talking about. Economists, generally, never use that term. Are you using it as a shorthand for rents?
@_date: 2014-09-21 03:27:41
Feel free to say something constructive, and not learned from youtube.
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:31:15
Bitcoin would have made it worse. Germany would not have been able to pay its debts and would not have been able to devalue its currency to make the burden of payment lighter (which is why hyperinflation hit in the first place). If Germany were using bitcoin, it would have had essentially three options:
- default. refuse to pay and hope that its creditors dont invade or demand portions of its land as collateral / payment. This is an exceedingly risky choice.
- restructuring. Hope that its creditors agree to a restructuring. They wouldn't have. France made that obvious many times.
- massive wage cuts. Make labor work for cheap, then have the state confiscate the excess profits and use that money to pay off the debts. Everyone in the country becomes miserable for decades, assuming the policy remains in force. It likely wouldn't. The people would elect someone who promises to end their suffering pretty quickly, assuming it stays a democracy. Under a totalitarian state, this option would remain viable.
There are many reasons countries like controlling their currencies, and crises like this one are a case study as to why.
@_date: 2014-08-02 15:35:20
Ah, the daily bullshit price-predicting using questionable math thread. Look, I am using numbers, therefore all the assumptions I'm making are reasonable!
I have no idea why people keep upvoting this nonsense.
@_date: 2014-09-23 22:14:38
Yes. A cut of the transaction will go to them, just like it does with every other transaction. They'll also likely instantly convert it to fiat.
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:32:14
Did I say it wasn't a legitimizing decision? No. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:30:48
Yes, fractional reserve banking is an inevitable outcome of free market banking. It dates back to the start of central banks, if not earlier. 
People in this sub, generally speaking, need to know their economic history (especially about currencies) before they invoke 2008, 1929, and Hayek as proof that they know the present system is doomed to fail.
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:20:46
People here call almost every downward movement manipulation because it supports what they want to believe. After all, if bitcoin is destined to change the world / destroy banks / end the state / insert unrealistic dream here, then it stands to reason that its price can and should only go up. How can such a wonderful thing ever decline in price?
Therefore, every upswing is a reflection of bitcoin's growing adoption and potential. Every downswing is due to manipulation / fluke circumstances / malevolent outside forces somehow conspiring to bring it down. Higher prices are a reflection of bitcoin's value, lower prices are not.
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:16:37
I agree completely. FRB goes hand in hand with commercial banking, they are inseparable. But don't say that too loudly around here ...
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:43:52
Without issuing debt, the US would have been unable to pay its troops and would have lost the war. 
I really don't understand how the bitcoin community apparently got infested with financial luddites who are against not just financiers and banking, but the entire idea of taking on debt at all. If they were in a corporate boardroom, they'd be laughed out of the meeting for failing to understand the value that added funds - provided by issuing debts - provides. They would, however, fit in perfectly in the Islamic world, where rules against usury still somehow exist (though they are being weakened very quickly).
@_date: 2014-10-15 17:44:37
Maybe your conception of what bitcoin should be isn't the only conception of what bitcoin should be?
@_date: 2014-07-14 16:46:07
Bitcoin can only stop crises from happening if you make the assumption that fiat currencies (or inflation) cause all crises. That is a very broad assumption.
You are correct that bitcoin, in a crisis, would do nothing. Is that a good thing? Is it politically feasible for countries to expect their people to bear the cost of adjustment, being unable to soften the blow with fiscal or monetary policy?
@_date: 2014-05-19 19:07:46
Alex Jones is a conspiracy theorist turned conservative talk show radio host. He's said similar things about the banking system - that it was hijacked by shady individuals working together as a cabal - so I assumed you were taking your cue from him. If not, I apologize. I meant to point out that saying "governments did it because governments like power" is not much of an explanation. It ignores the very real economic problems being faced by the many countries who, separately and at different times, came to abandon the gold standard which they had worked so very hard to create and prop up for the last ~50-60 years. Governments had, for decades, responded to crises in domestically-unpopular ways which protected the gold standard system. Why would they have a sudden change of heart after the 30's? Why wouldn't they have just abandoned gold earlier, if their overarching goal was to seize power?
I'm separating Bernanke's actions as chair of the Fed from Bernanke's academic work which made his reputation. He worked almost entirely on the Great Depression and is considered the foremost expert on it alive today. I don't care to debate his Fed actions because we're not really talking about that. I mention him only as a source for information relating to the Great Depression and the Gold Standard. He has noted, as have many others, that the gold standard exacerbated the Great Depression by helping spread the contagion rapidly. It also limited the policy options available to democratically-elected governments which were at risk of being removed from office in the next election, or being overthrown by very real threats of revolution.
@_date: 2014-05-21 20:32:32
among other sources. You are correct, it is not official yet, just widely expected and signalled.
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:24:55
This. This, combined with the Fed's repeated signalling that it is going to unwind its QE and start raising interest rates, make the dollar once again the most coveted short-term, high-liquidity, low-risk asset available.
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:48:33
First, the world probably will never stop buying US bonds. We would simply have to offer a higher interest rate to attract buyers. That may very well happen - as I already stated, interest rates are at historic lows because, hystrionics of all people including the OP's author aside, the world still views US bonds as the safest, most liquid investment on the planet. But an increase in rates is a far cry from an increase to a cripplingly-high rate - most estimates vary, but put that around 10%+ for most developed economies - which is ~2.5 times higher than what we're paying right now.
Second, China is not going to stop buying US bonds, unless it also stops controlling its exchange rate. China has bought / is buying T-Bills because of its exports to the US. Without going into macroeconomics 101, suffice it to say that China makes money exporting abroad because it has a cheap domestic currency, and one of the primary ways it ensures that cheap currency is by buying dollars which it then puts into T-Bills, so that it can earn some interest and have easy access to that cash should it need it. As it did, during 2008-present, when it embarked on a $1 trillion plus bailout. The amount of money China has hoarded is staggering - some estimates put it at $3 trillion plus - and there is simply no other market which can absorb that amount of money while the underlying asset remains sufficiently liquid.
The tl;dr of that is that the day China stops buying T-bills is the day China has stops controlling its exchange rate. And that day is probably at least a few decades off, depending on how optimistic one is on China's rate of converting farm workers to factory workers. And it would also probably require the dissolution of the Communist party in China, whose existence these days is predicated on economic success, which in turn is predicated on the cheap currency.
And even if, hypothetically, China stops controlling its exchange rate and decides it has no more use for dollars or T-Bills, China wouldn't just dump everything. They are among the largest holders of T-Bills, so if they were trying to unwind their position they would do it very slowly over a very long period of time. Dumping everything at once only hurts the value of their own investments.
The "china has our debt" fear-mongering is based in ignorance and misunderstanding of macroeconomics. They are just as dependent on our t-bills, if not more so, than we are on their lending.
And I'm on because the circlejerk of is too annoying to ignore. Someone needs to be providing a basic understanding of macroeconomics and currencies here, someone who isn't a bitcoin acolyte. I'd say 95% of what I've read that passes for economic "analysis" in this sub is full of nonsensical, usually-apocalyptic bullshit that only passes because nobody else here knows any better. Or maybe its because those who do speak up get downvoted to oblivion.
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:36:21
Which explains the 10+ detailed economics posts you can also find in my history.
If I'm a troll, I'm a bad one.
@_date: 2014-03-14 11:45:41
Deflation doesn't mean that other people are spending money more successfully than you. There are many potential causes, the most common of which is a contraction in the money supply, and when it hits it is in your best interest to park your money in a mattress and wait. There's no reason to give it to other people unless they exceed the rate of deflation. Furthermore, given that deflation is already taking place and it is in your interest to park your money idle, if everyone makes the same choice you do - park it - then you have the classic deflationary spiral.
I am not sure that I'm following your example.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:23:39
This is an impressive collection of conspiratorial nonsense. Thank you for contributing this IQ-lowering content to the internet. Who knew that World Wars I and II were fought by the Bank of England trying to stop German industrial development? Man, I sure am glad they only applied that policy to Germany, as opposed to the US, Russia, China, and India, all of which were industrializing at various points during England's hegemony.
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:04:23
Oh really? Do tell.
@_date: 2014-10-17 15:00:19
In this video he criticizes the efficient market hypothesis, claims regulators are blinded by that ideology, and is against financial chicanery such as naked shorts (going short without having actually borrowed the security), among other things. He also makes the argument that terrorists and organized crime are setting up mortgage fraud rings, or attempting to take over existing companies to strip them of assets and funnel money back to their terrorist efforts. In that sense, economic warfare was conducted against the US. Also makes the case that shady figures short-sold during the runup to the 2008 crash, helping fuel the resulting collapse.
Very interesting stuff. Not at all bitcoin related, but interesting.
@_date: 2014-08-15 01:12:10
He's right. A weaker Euro hurts US exports, which is to the disadvantage of many US businesses. It also exacerbates the US current account deficit.
The only potential upside is that doing so might encourage more capital to come back to the US, but given how US borrowing costs are already at ridiculous lows in comparison to most of the 20th century, I can't see that being much of a motivator.
@_date: 2014-07-29 13:43:22
At that point, we'd probably need to change its name to Zombiecoin... The only people willing to continue with it at that point would be the most zealous supporters. Widespread adoption would again be years away from taking place, not only because of the reputational damage BTC incurred from such a calamity but also because governments would continue to inhibit its adoption.
I think we both understand each others' viewpoints on this one.
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:11:24
GHash's % may or may not result in problems today, or next week, or next month. Regardless, even if they are benevolent or self-interested and don't break the network as Andreas argues, there's no way that a system which is this at-risk is ready for mass adoption. If a secretive cabal can destroy the currency at any time, how is that any different than the fiat currencies Bitcoin is intended to replace? It's time to stop pretending otherwise and work on a fix.
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:05:57
Merchants will always need to convert to fiat, because they:
- pay their employees in fiat
- pay taxes in fiat, and handle all tax-related things (deductions, business expenses, write-offs) in fiat
I agree that volatility lessens the likelihood of BTC becoming a store of value. I just think that we're probably several years (if not more) until that is a feasible option.
@_date: 2014-07-26 03:14:35
What implications does this have for other things, like below, where people talk about recording contracts in the blockchain?
Let's say that you and I sign a contract. You existify it via the above method, and you and I both keep a copy of the contract. Later, you claim that you never signed it. I would need to find my copy, whose "signature" matches that of the blockchain [side note, would both copies have the same signature? or would we want to submit two digests at the same time, thereby linking them somehow?], and then use that? What if we both lose our copies?
@_date: 2014-08-15 03:31:54
"get it" means "buy whatever unsubstantiated bullshit i happen to believe."
If you can't defend your statements, don't make them. Stop wasting my time replying.
@_date: 2014-09-11 06:10:59
Stop letting cryptos consume your life. Generally speaking, the technology / programming is far in advance of the economic understanding. One does not lead to the other.
@_date: 2014-06-24 01:43:43
Your statement contradicts itself. If it is Keynesian claptrap, then how could it have led us into deep debt and resource depletion?
I'm not talking at all about Keynesianism anyway. I'm talking about deflation and inflation, at the most basic levels. Labeling what I'm saying "keynesianism" is just a lazy attempt to demagogue something you do not agree with, or at least don't understand. 
There is nothing in my analysis which could be considered Keynesian, because I'm not advocating counter-cyclical policies, inflation targeting, or any policy for that matter. I'm just talking the economics of inflation vs deflation.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:45:28
Yes they do. They're called fixed-income retirees.
@_date: 2014-08-01 11:50:03


End of year 2 = 16M End of year 3 = 32M End of year 4 = 64M End of year 5 = 128M End of year 6 = 256M End of year 7 = 512M End of year 8 = 1B End of year 9 = 2B End of year 10 = 4 Billion people.
Thus, is it feasible that in 10 years 4 Billion people will be transacting in Bitcoin?
I admire how OP took this line of thought, concluded that it was indeed very feasible, and concludes that bitcoin could be worth $500k. And all this after watching a guy on TV who has an extremely clear interest in trying to pump up the value of btc.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:16:39
Upvoted because you're right. Deflation is not a desirable attribute of a currency. I've said the same thing before - that the supply should increase at a rate relative to the number of transactions, thereby keeping real value about the same. Satoshi actually did consider doing such a thing, but concluded that it was too technically difficult to implement.
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:52:57
I admire your attempt to bring up this issue, but you missed a few key points.
First, you glossed over the false payments issue. That's a huge, huge difference, and it is definitely related to the fraud issue. If someone steals my credit card and buys a TV with it, then I contest the charge and (hopefully) don't end up paying for it. If someone steals my bitcoin, I'm shit out of luck.
That alone is a major reason that people in advanced western economies with access to financial products like credit cards have little incentive to use bitcoin.
The payment network, or rather the verification network, is by far bitcoin's strongest strength. If you look at criticisms people mount at bitcoin (myself included), you won't find many who criticize the architecture of the verification network. What you will find are people criticizing bitcoin as currency, on many legitimate economic grounds.
The debate here is between people who admire the bitcoin verification network and people who have problems with the bitcoin currency. One does not trump the other, because without the currency the verification network collapses - unless we are to rely on the unprecedented altruism of node operators. 
Most debates here, in their simplest form, are people who know the technology arguing the economics with people who know the economics. Neither is right. It is far from guaranteed that bitcoin will succeed and take over the planet (although we can reasonably rule out the anarcho-utopian end of the Fed hystrionics), but it is also far from guaranteed that the bitcoin network will fail. Even if the currency becomes worthless and falls back to $.01 again, there will be technophiles who are so entranced by the technology that they nodes anyway.
In my opinion, bitcoin at present has two things that it does that fiat currencies don't do, better. They are:
- buy illegal drugs, or buy anything where the purchaser's anonymity is a high priority
- handle person to person payments without bank intermediaries. This is particularly true of immigrant populations who send large portions of their paychecks in remittances.
The rest is all done better, at present, by existing financial products and technologies - assuming, of course, that one has access to them.
@_date: 2014-09-24 15:23:17
Agreed fully.
@_date: 2014-08-25 03:14:31
Usury is a Catholic term relating to the charging of interest. Deflation relates to prices increasing over time. Compound debt should result in inflation, not deflation, because it is an expansion of the money supply.
However, none of those things were a cause for the creation of the Fed. The Fed was established in 1913, primarily as a way to response to the crash of 1907 in which a private cartel of bankers, led by JP Morgan, decided to bail out healthy banks who were getting dragged down by the bank runs. The public and Congress didn't like the idea of an ad hoc association of private bankers getting together to bail each other out - what if they decided not to? - so the Fed was born.
Buying bitcoin doesn't make you a banking or economic history expert, contrary to what many people here seem to think. Please stop stringing together random economic terms in the hopes that I, not knowing what they mean (like you), agree with your argument.
@_date: 2014-09-24 20:31:49
It depends on where you're talking about. I know that in the US, that was not at all the case. It was the case in Canada, but that was because branch banking was allowed a century before it was allowed in the US.
@_date: 2014-12-08 16:00:05
Talk about the practical implications. Ignore all the libertarian / anarchist political stuff, because people who don't share that political affiliation (most of the world) will dismiss you if you talk about it. Don't talk philosophy, talk pragmatics.
If I were you, I'd talk about how bitcoin allows people to send money directly to other people, instantaneously. I'd set up a hypothetical that compares doing a wire transfer to sending bitcoin around in terms of cost ("Western Union charges $10 for this transfer. Bitcoin charges $0.02. And it's faster, and you don't have to show up to the Western Union office to get it.") I'd start with showing a few examples of how bitcoin is superior than other systems of sending money around, so as to show the audience right at the start why it is useful.
After pitching them on the benefits of using bitcoin, I'd actually describe how it works (albeit in a "explain like im five" way). Blockchain, decentralized verification, etc. After that, I'd talk about how the blockchain can store data beyond just bitcoin transactions - I'd end with the various potential uses of the blockchain, such as smart contracts, other things, and then conclude with a "What app will YOU make?" slide to make everyone think about themselves participating in the bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-06-25 22:05:30
It's just not a very good hypothetical. And it's still not, which is why I don't have the energy or time to dissect its multiple, multiple nuances and facets.
Hypotheticals should be short and concise, because the point of hypotheticals is to explore a separate question, not the examine the merits of the hypothetical itself.
@_date: 2014-02-18 17:06:23
You do not know what you're talking about. Go google "store of value" and read the definitions you'll find. Investopedia provides a decent one:
"Any form of commodity, asset, or money that has value and can be stored and retrieved over time. Possessing a store of value is an underlying basis for any economic system, as some medium is necessary for a store of value in order for individuals to engage in the exchange of goods and services. *As long as a currency is relatively stable in its value, money (such as a dollar bill) is the most common and efficient store of value found in an economy*. "
Italics for emphasis. That doesn't mean "can gain tremendous value", it means "is stable in value."
The reason money should be a store of value is for the ease of predicting future expenses. If you're a business and you sign a contract to buy a pound of coffee in 12 months for $50, you want to know that $50 today buys about the same amount of coffee as $50 will in 12 months. If your dollar's value is going up 10% a month (meaning that a single dollar buys 10% more coffee per month), then in 12 months you've vastly overpaid for your coffee. "Store of value" means stability, not "doesn't lose value."
Private insurance has a very consistent track record of not working in times of crisis. See AIG in 2008 as a prime example. This is why the FDIC exists, because a government promise is worth more than a private one. As for whether or not the FDIC is insolvent, I very much doubt you know that for a fact, and in any event it is irrelevant to this discussion. A government guarantee is more trustworthy than a private guarantee because a government's resources (typically) dwarf that of any private company.
@_date: 2014-10-05 23:41:13
Keep saying things. You still won't know what you're talking about.
@_date: 2014-10-14 21:19:17
That's quite true.
That however doesn't mean that bitcoin is guaranteed to become a global reserve currency, or that its more widespread adoption will solve bitcoin's potential problems acting as a currency.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:33:57
I, too, am overjoyed that Dell.com has begun purchasing bitcoins. It should definitely help the price rise to $10,000, which will happen by August 13th according to this chart I have.
Edit: can't find chart, sorry, just trust me!
@_date: 2014-08-24 20:50:56
Alt coins are a form of bitcoin derivative, if made to work that way. It doesn't have to be banks issuing bank notes, alt coins could easily fill the same role. The net effect is the same: people inventing things that aren't bitcoins but have value.
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:51:59
That would work as long as your government doesn't require documentation as to how you found yourself in possession of large quantities of gold. It's kind of difficult to show up with a pound of gold and say "I'd like to deposit this please!" without raising eyebrows, just like how you have to document any cash deposit over $10,000 in the US. All of that stems from an attempt to combat money laundering, drug money, and terrorist money getting into the system.
@_date: 2014-10-24 20:14:53
When he claimed there were two bitcoins, I think he made it clear that he doesn't really know what he's talking about.
I agree that the blockchain is powered by bitcoin, and that neither can live without the other. But there's a difference between an increasingly-scarce commodity that drives the blockchain, and a valid global decentralized currency that performs the three basic functions of money (medium of exchange, store of value, and unit of account). 
When I read the article - setting aside the interviewee's factual inaccuracies - I read it as him saying "I think the blockchain will succeed, but I don't think bitcoin is going to become a global reserve currency of choice." I think that's a reasonable thing to argue.
@_date: 2014-09-14 21:40:33
You're just going to get argument and downvotes. People here think that because they bought a bitcoin or two and watched a youtube about economics or Hayek, they understand the intricacies of currencies, macroeconomics, global trade, and economics in general. If you remind them that they really don't, they get mad, and will reward you with personal attacks, downvotes, or try to label you "buttcoiner" in an attempt to delegitimize whatever it is you're saying.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:04:24
There is a debate over the causes of the Japanese stagnation, but I don't think there are many people going around arguing that Western economies should get used to permanently growing at 1% and be happy about that. While the ideal rate of growth varies from country to country, usually the desired growth target has to do with generating enough new jobs to employ young workers entering the workforce, at a minimum.
Also I don't think it is unfair to use the Japanese example as a warning for a potential outcome for Europe. Japan's real estate bubble popped, leaving it with zombie banks which were never really "bailed out" or let to fully fail. Japanese deflation lasted for decades, which crimped lending and is / was a major driver of their slowdown. The conventional wisdom, as true as it may be, is that Japan should have either saved all its banks or let them all fail, and their choice of a middle ground of saving some but not implementing enough reforms resulted in stagnation exacerbated by their demographic problems. In that context, Europe's predicament is very analogous to Japan's in the early 1990s.
@_date: 2014-07-29 13:11:19
Mining is only profitable when the fiat cost of electricity, equipment, and time is less than the fiat value of bitcoin. A government sanction which lowers the demand for bitcoin lowers the fiat value of bitcoin, so if that drops below the afore-mentioned costs, then mining ceases to be profitable, people stop conducting transactions, the value of BTC continues to drop, and it is now in a death spiral. Of course, this assumes that profit is the reason people mine... If they are doing it for altruistic, or ideological, reasons then that calculus changes. In that sense, I can see the logic of your argument that some version of BTC has a potential to live forever. The resulting network would be excessively slow and difficult to access, and the only people using bitcoin would be the most diehard of the zealots, but it would still exist. But for all intents and purposes, as an "effective" currency (I realize I'm not defining that very well, but I think you can understand my point), bitcoin has ceased to exist.
@_date: 2014-11-13 21:20:00
Right. Classic example is [John Paulson]( a hedge fund manager who swore up and down that real estate was about to explode from ~2005-2007. He made his billion in 2007-2008, took a lot more money into his funds, and then said that gold was guaranteed to rise spectacularly. People believed him because he was right about housing. But then he managed to lose a shitton in the next 2-3 years as his prediction turned out to be wrong, people withdrew from his fund, and now he's widely ignored when he makes predictions.
Gurus and the once-lucky (and even the twice or thrice-lucky) are very hard to distinguish.
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:09:02


This is some tremendous ignorance right here. Prior to central banks, states did do exactly what you describe. And you know what happened? When shit hit the fan, they either went bankrupt (this was common) or borrowed money from private bankers who charged them stupid amounts of interest. Central banks were invented for two major reasons. The first, and most straightforward, was to finance war expenditures. The second, more subtle, was intended to remove the currency presses from the direct control of the state. Doing that makes the state more likely to have to be a "good" borrower - actually repay its debts, as opposed to printing its way out of them - in order to keep its access to international finance.
But if you really think that 30 years worth of two of the worst wars in human history was caused by the Bank of England feeling piqued that Germany changed its monetary policy, then I don't think any amount of facts or anecdotes can change your mind. Also, if the total annihilation of Germany and the deaths of tens of millions of people was justified due to a monetary system change, I would wonder why the US waited from 1914 until 1918 to actually go to war. But hey, not like critical thinking is being applied to this theory as it is. You're too far down your internet rabbit hole. Hopefully you'll dig your way out one day.
@_date: 2014-06-27 19:32:14
I haven't read the source article, only the coindesk link.
They are saying that new coins are more likely to be circulated than old ones. What I'm saying is that the underlying causes of that dynamic are, as yet, unexplained - I provided a couple of potential explanations, but like I said nobody really knows. The conclusion is also not generalizable to all deflationary currencies, as it is a case study of the bitcoin ecosystem alone.
Based on that article, one cannot state that "deflationary currencies are more likely to be spent." All one can conclude from the article is what is said within it - that new bitcoins are more likely to be circulated than old ones. As for why, that question is unanswered.
@_date: 2014-09-24 17:35:36
The title is "history repeating as chart suggests a breakout" and it has 30 upvotes.
@_date: 2014-08-05 13:42:36
This is actually a good thing! (tm)
@_date: 2014-08-19 12:37:43
Do you have any good links explaining the trust / shadow banking thing? 
I agree with everything you're saying, I just don't see that it is something severe right now, as opposed to January's bailout, or the second one a couple months ago. I also think China's tremendous forex reserves will provide it a giant cushion against downswings. But I am interested to see descriptions of how the trust thing interacts with private individuals / corrupt officials and the official state-run banks.
@_date: 2014-08-06 00:14:51
Could you keep trying? I'd do it but I dont have access to the databases.
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:29:25
Black and white arguments about government either being 100% bad or 100% good are stupid. Your original post, and the stupider one not by you above it, implied that government is always bad and that anyone who disagrees is "on the teat." 
I'm more than familiar with libertarian arguments - I used to be one. But then I learned about the history of capitalism and how markets actually came into existence in the real world (as opposed to how Rand and Hayek idealized them). The short of it is that the state not only created markets but sustained them against populist attacks, even (as Polanyi famously argued) saving capitalism from itself.
Without contract enforcement, infrastructure work which is not economically viable, and research and development which is not profitable for firms to undertake, we would not have the society we have today. That's what I'm saying. It is simply ignorant to claim that government is always bad, or is a net bad, because it is impossible to prove that claim and it is impossible to prove its opposite.
The thing that libertarians never seem to realize is that the state and the market are part of the same structure. There is no separation. 
@_date: 2014-08-31 22:29:05
I wasn't, but OP is.
I also like how my post is getting downvoted. Goes to prove my point, really.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:33:41
That statement is incorrect. First of all, very few places have actually used a negative interest rate (Sweden and Denmark, AFAIK) and both met with moderate success and eventually unwound their programs.
@_date: 2014-08-25 03:10:34
It didn't before, why would it now?
@_date: 2014-08-31 22:28:16
Quality argument would read again a++
@_date: 2014-07-19 15:40:13
I'm pointing out that the claim "regulated to death" is simply ridiculous given the economic might of the US. If the US is, in fact, regulated to death, then how could it possibly have attained the level of success it has? "Regulated to death" is one of those nonsense political phrases which has no real meaning, which is why I made fun of the statement.
@_date: 2014-10-15 14:25:00
This satisfies the "Euphoric shower thoughts" requirement of for the day. Quota achieved.
@_date: 2014-08-10 15:06:19
This is true. But when aired publicly, and defended vociferously, those people deserve merciless ridicule.
@_date: 2014-07-14 19:29:06
The monetary system is not complicated. I explained the main points of what the Fed does in another post, and described those actions in about 500 words. It's not very complicated.
As for it being a scam, I disagree with you. I think banks and states evolve in a symbiotic relationship, and think that the banking sector is usually shaped by some form of political bargain that it strikes with the state, and usually works to help the state do things. For example the first central bank - the BoE - was created to provide war funding to the crown. The Fed was created out of a similar bargain, but was not (explicitly) meant to act as a lender of last resort to the state.
As for it being a ponzi scheme, I do not think that is the correct label. A ponzi scheme takes in new investors and redistributes their investment money to the original investors, collapsing only when the intake of new money falls below the amount needed to maintain returns to the original, old money. I don't see how that relates to central banking.
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:00:36
is nothing but the circlejerk effect. Which explains why your comment will get downvoted to oblivion.
@_date: 2014-09-08 06:00:32
Because I'm an insomniac masochist:
6:45: Of course Iran wants to stop the pricing of oil in dollars. They're forbidden from selling oil, which is priced in dollars. The US case for attacking Iran was stronger in 2005 than it is today... had Iraq gone better from the US perspective, it's a safe bet that Iran would have been next. But that has more to do with the crazy neo-cons who were running our government than it does with Iran's desire to sell oil for gold, which, by the way, they did very successfully for a very long time, thanks to Turkey. [They've already sold billions worth of oil for gold, which is also the source of the recent protests against Turkish President Erdogan, whom the public (probably correctly) thinks embezzled it.](
7:15: Syria is being destabilized by covert actions by NATO and the US? Seriously? Is he trying to pretend that the rebels, who have consistently cried and begged for intervention, are in fact US pawns playing a PR game? Is ISIS, who controls the eastern part of Syria, just part of that evil US interference scheme? Give me a break. And also the video - made in October of 2012 - says that US intervention in Syria is "a foregone conclusion." Well, 2 years later, it's still not there, unless you're counting arms sales.
7:55: "nothing else holding up the dollar" lol ok. The dollar is used for many reasons, not just because OPEC chooses to price its oil in dollars. If OPEC moved to pricing oil in gold, so what? The demand for the dollar would dip - slightly, because dollars would still be used for dozens of other reasons - US exports would increase as a result, and that would be that. The main effect would be to make the price of gas tick up a couple of cents in the US, as transaction costs are increased (dollar for oil is simpler and cheaper than dollar for gold for oil).
9:30 - typical fed nonsense bullshit. The Fed is so omniscient and all-powerful that it controls the foreign policy of the entire world, but it is too stupid (according to this video) to avoid a nuclear war with Russia and China over its desire to maintain a strong (in the economic sense) dollar? Even in an environment where a weaker dollar would help boost US exports, which presumably those evil bankers in charge of the Fed would benefit from? And if they're so obsessed with a strong dollar, why aren't they as strongly anti-inflation as even the ECB, or the BoE? You'd think that dichotomy would be noticed, but apparently it's not. Couldn't listen to the rest of the revolution shit.
@_date: 2014-10-27 20:40:01
There's a reason economists measure debt in terms of GDP, and not in absolute terms, because % of GDP is a better indicator of the size of debt relative to the economy but also indicates the state's ability to honor its obligations. Furthermore, given how T-Bills are based on tax revenues, population growth effectively lowers the amount per person owed - making it easier to repay - which also wouldn't be understood if one pays attention only to the absolute amount.
Your question was directed at someone else, not me. Who doesn't know that the Fed is privately owned? That's like step 1 for any Fed conspiracy video. Fractional reserve banking isn't private companies "creating money," it's how public commercial banking has worked for as long as public-facing banks have existed. The dispute with FRB isn't whether or not it should exist, it's what capital ratio best enables banks to maximize their returns without becoming unstable or illiquid in times of crisis. Only on the internet is "ABOLISH FRACTIONAL RESERVE BANKING" even considered as a legitimate policy - because that would end, overnight, all public banking activities. What possible reason would a banker have for wanting to accept deposits if she cannot make money on those deposits, because geniuses like you have forced her to keep it parked in a vault? You might as well argue that Microsoft should stop selling Windows.
@_date: 2014-08-24 15:37:46
Yes, more or less. It's already happening.
@_date: 2014-08-16 02:14:34
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:34:13
analysis model:
Random celebrity / investor (Branson / Russell Brand ): "Bitcoin is doing well!" Absolutely correct. This is proof that adoption is inevitable and bitcoin is becoming more accepted.
Better investor (Buffett): "I don't like Bitcoin." Well, Buffet is old / doesn't know computers / is old / is wrong. Bitcoin will overcome such ignorance.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:46:59
I'm not blaming deflation for present-day volatility. I'm saying that, in the future, the deflationary pressure built into it seems likely to make the currency not be as stable relative to other currencies. But like I said, nobody really knows.
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:46:14
The quote is meant to say that, in times like 2009 when everybody was running around with their hair on fire, that was a great time to be greedy (aka "buy low"). And when there's a giant bull market, that's the time to be fearful (aka "sell high"). 
Buffet saying that Bitcoin is a bad investment doesn't mean that the entire market is terrified of Bitcoin. Hence, it's a bad meme.
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:47:59
Diabetes - Too complicated to understand, trust us. Eat Candy - So simple and transparent you don't have to trust us.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:35:39
With a post this stupid, you deserve your downvotes.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:15:09
To solve this, perhaps the best thing would be to stop viewing Bitcoin as a traditional "currency" and instead think of it more as a collectible, ever-scarcer commodity which can be traded for products, in the same way that the recent IRS ruling treats it.
By doing that, the arguments about Bitcoin failing as a "currency" go away. It's now an artificially-scarce commodity.
Out of curiousity, and since you seem to know your stuff, what's the point of having the algorithm halve production every few years? If the goal of Bitcoin the currency is to incentivize people to operate the verification network, why halve its production instead of keeping it either steady or auto-adjusting production in some way so as to keep prices stable?
@_date: 2014-08-25 21:02:50
If you remove the state's ability to fund the most important things it does - security and redistribution - then it's an existential threat. And if it's an existential threat, they wouldn't have to try hard to come up with excuses. The vast majority of the population today would not give a shit if Obama came out and said "We've banned all bitcoin because it is being used for drugs, money laundering, human trafficking, and is too volatile to be a safe investment."
Most people wouldn't question it. They'd comply, and the only ones continuing to use it would be the technologically sophisticated who both believe in bitcoin and possess the capability to buy and use it. That's not most people.
@_date: 2014-05-28 14:29:42
Based on a ~5" smartphone, you're rendering a pyramid that's probably about 4-5 feet high and comparing it to one that's about 3 inches high.
I'm glad you like the software and are having fun learning it by doing these renderings, but they really do not communicate anything useful. Here is one thing, and here is one thing that is several times bigger. You could better show this simple ratio relationship with a bar chart which would take all of 10 seconds in excel.
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:44:19
Two things surprising about that:
1. He bothered to gin up the miniscule support could provide in his district
2. Bob Barr has enough money to have staffers.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:03:02
There's a lot to reply to there, so please let me know if I miss something.
You probably already know this, but I'll say it anyway just so we're on the same page. Deflation is generally disliked by central banks because it stifles off investment more than inflation does, and it is harder to treat. Inflation is essentially a tax on holding money - if you keep it in your mattress, you are losing value over time because the currency decreases in value. Deflation is the opposite - keeping money in your mattress lets you earn a positive return.
The short of it is that inflationary environments encourage investment, while deflationary environments discourage investment.
Another key point to bring up here is that wages typically rise with inflation, albeit with a short lag. When inflation is predictable and low (as it has been for many years for most of the West), cost of living increases become standard practice for employers. Inflation also eats into the cost of repaying debt because the real cost of repayment declines over time. 
As for crises, yes, we just underwent a credit bubble from 2000-2008 fueled by cheap money. There were many sources of that cheap money - Fed policy under Greenspan, globalization's lowering of costs for moving money across borders, the Euro's birthing pains, and China's immense trade surplus generating unquenchable demand for dollars. Similar things have happened to the US in the past, even when we were on the gold standard and "fiat" didn't exist as we think of it today.
The Fed pursued QE post-2008 for many reasons. Economically, we were undergoing a tremendous contraction and the supply of money had drastically declined as credit evaporated and investment shrank as people and companies hoarded their money out of fear. Right after Lehman collapsed in the fall of 2008, there was a genuine and real concern that credit markets would completely stop functioning - they already had, in fact, because nobody knew what anyone else's balance sheet actually was. Fear begets fear.
So we had an economic need for an expansion of the money supply due to excess saving. Our political system provided the stimulus it could - the 2009 Obama stimulus package - but what was required was much more than what was politically viable. The Fed began QE in order to counteract our political inability to get what was needed.
Anyway, back to bitcoin. I don't see how wider acceptance and use of BTC will lessen the rate of deflation. Production is purposefully designed to decrease as demand for the "currency" increases. That should result in ever-increasing deflation, not steady or lowered rates of deflation. That is the opposite of what our central banks today pursue - they try to keep the money supply steady (the ECB's sole mandate is inflation control, which they pursue via monetarist policies), or they balance the supply of money with inflation and employment (the Fed). 
In an ideal world, the central bank will track the rate of productivity increase, add the inflation number, and regulate the money supply in accordance with those goals. Prices, ideally, should be stable (with inflation added in as a protection against deflation). BTC prices, as designed, have no reason to ever become stable. Demand increases while supply infinitely decreases.
To summarize, I have outlined why inflation is preferable to deflation and why our central banks pursue that policy. I also think BTC's deflationary tendencies are much higher than regular currency's inflationary tendencies. And I still think BTC acts more like a commodity than a currency - which is fine, for the bitcoin network. Not so fine for predicting widespread adoption and use.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:16:38
It is exceptionally dangerous (and lazy) to label everyone who is a bitcoin skeptic as a secretive government agent with ulterior motives. Labeling all non-believers as malicious, and then presuming to know their individual motivations (instead of responding to their arguments) is the signature of a cult. See anything Westboro Baptist says.
@_date: 2014-09-11 06:05:47
Buffett has made more on his investment per year than Branson. Brand is a comedian who knows nothing about economics, and probably even less about technology. Yet Brand was upvoted to endless amounts, while Buffett was discounted as "old man doesn't like technology."
has a bias, it is a strong one, and people need to realize it.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:35:04
Rand Paul once again demonstrates he knows nothing about economics.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:52:53
That article is actually pretty fair, and better than what you'll see in mainstream media outlets. See the following quotes:
"The key takeaways are these: Bitcoin wasn’t “hacked,” and its Blockchain ledger actually did work. The problem resulted from the exchange’s failure. And because of its size in the marketplace, the bankruptcy has affected many of the participants in this new digital currency experiment. In essence, though, the exchange (Mt. Gox) wasn’t properly checking and verifying its trades and possibly may have been committing outright fraud."
"It is not the failure of Bitcoin that is in question here, but rather the failure of one of its main exchanges."
Not sure how this translates to "anti-bitcoin" at all.
@_date: 2014-10-03 16:06:57
Why? If demand for a currency outstrips its supply, then its value goes up. That is deflation. Central banks' primary job these days is to monitor the amount of money in circulation (supply), compare it to demand by a large number of econometric techniques, and then print more / less currency to obtain their desired rate of inflation. And they opt for inflation over deflation for a variety of reasons that I can explain if you're interested (hint: its not just some secret banker cabal trying to make money). They are always more afraid of deflation than they are of inflation.
Your statement on fractional reserve banking being a scam further reflects how little you really know of economic history. Without FRB, there would be no commercial banking. FRB has existed as long as commercial (open to public deposits) banks have existed, and there's nothing inherently unstable about FRB. There are commercial FRB banks that have been open for centuries, and there are commercial FRB banks that were open for less than a decade before failing. It's all about managing reserve ratios. And despite the rabid hystrionics here, at some point, if bitcoin obtains mass adoption, there will be FRB bitcoin banks.
But this all gets back to what I said at the start. People who know the bitcoin protocol and technology - you - keep trying to lay claim to economic expertise. That's simply not the case. I have no doubt that you can explain bitcoin's protocol or its technological concepts to someone with ease, far better than I can. But your economic knowledge is not nearly as developed.
I don't think we're having a disagreement on semantics.
@_date: 2014-08-25 20:24:05
Ron Paul, a goldbug, interviews a guy who runs a website that sells gold, and they conclude that it is time to buy gold (and maybe $20 worth of bitcoin).
Also, the interviewee's take on the state vs bitcoin is bad. He basically states that bitcoin will take away the state's ability to print money to fund welfare and warfare, thereby posing an existential threat to the state. But then, he adds, the state is too afraid of this $10bn market cap currency to fight it, so instead the state is trying to play nice and get along.
That's a poor line of reasoning. If bitcoin really is an existential threat, wouldn't the state do everything it can to shut it down? They might not be able to completely shut down bitcoin, but they certainly could make using it so difficult that mass adoption never takes place. Steps would include:
- making the possession, transaction, or facilitation of business in bitcoin illegal. That means no big money players (Wall Street, Venture Capital) can be involved. It also means that all US residents wanting to buy BTC would have to do so surreptitiously using cash, as if they're buying drugs. That would mean that mainstream adoption will never take place.
- shutting down access to bitcoin-related websites, particularly exchanges.
- cooperation with other countries to track users of bitcoin, then investigating them when they enter the country.
Any combination of those things will not kill the bitcoin network, but it would guarantee that mass adoption never takes place. Average Joe is not going to buy an internet currency in a back alley using cash while risking prison.
His viewpoint is just pure nonsense. If bitcoin is really an existential threat, states would try to crush it. They won't just sit back and hope for the best, especially when it is in its infancy. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:09:22
The technology is certainly interesting. The currency's prospects I have more doubts about. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 20:57:32
Interesting. Have you been able to keep digging and find more? That is definitely a promising start. Please let everyone know what you find, you could end up helping us verify OP's identity, which would be truly important.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:43:53
None of those quotes relate to my comment, which is that what the Fed does is not that complicated to understand. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 05:55:47
I suggest you learn economic history. You really do not know what you're talking about, I can't say it any less offensive than that. I don't mean that as a troll, I'm being quite literal.
Bitcoin's money supply might not shrink - that depends on whether or not the people who control random addresses lose control of said addresses - but with mass adoption, the supply of bitcoin relative to its demand will decrease significantly. That is deflation.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:36:11
It's not a short squeeze until there's a big move up. Right now, there's just a lot of sell-side pressure, which is usually more of a sign that you should be short than it is a sign that you should be long.
Also, bearwhale dumped a ton of btc. He didn't (as far as we know) also make a massive short bet at the same time. So this is not the second bearwhale.
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:50:07
You think Krugman is completely ignorant of commodity-backed currencies? Our knowledge of fiat currencies stems from our knowledge of how completely commodity-backed currencies failed. The primary criticisms of bitcoin as a currency are the same as the primary criticisms of commodity-backed currencies.
@_date: 2014-03-14 11:47:35
What you describe is a commodity. Money should (for the average person) not be seen as an investment with upside, it should be the means to carry out transactions and little more. Seeing money as an investment discourages spending for reasons already covered, which hurts the economy. Obviously if you have no choice you'll spend what currency you have, but given options, the economically rational thing to do with an appreciating currency is keep as much as you possibly can.
@_date: 2014-10-05 16:02:32
Are you an economist with data and peer-reviewed models to make this prediction, or are you just some guy on the internet who bought a bitcoin and read a Rand or two and decided you know economics?
@_date: 2014-08-14 18:28:27
Oh right. I didn't realize we were including utopian anarcho-capitalist fantasies in this conversation. My apologies.
In the event of the dissolution of the organized state, thereby undoing several thousand years worth of human social constructs, yes, in that scenario merchants would have no need to convert to fiat. The same would hold true in the event that ebola kills 95% of the human population, the moon reverses course and crashes into the Atlantic Ocean, or an alien invasion that enslaves all of humankind.
Great point thanks.
@_date: 2014-09-25 17:12:07
I don't know what other countries offer. Most countries, which I think also include EU member states, don't tax their citizens on income earned abroad. Most countries also don't allow dual citizenship to the same degree that the US does, however. The services offered by the US:
 - access to US embassies in legal situations. if you commit a crime in a foreign country, then you have the right to consult the embassy and arrange for legal defense.
 - ease of entry to the US.
 - implicit protection of US armed forces (this is the biggest one). If you get kidnapped while living in Belize, the US might use its military abilities  to rescue you. This has often (but not always) happened with US journalists.
 - access to other protective services. For example, the CDC flew two ebola-infected US doctors out of liberia in a specialized medivac airplane.
 - benefitting from US travel treaties with other countries. By having a US passport, you can go almost any place in the world. Not true with other countries.
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:35:10
I can't tell if you're agreeing with me or disagreeing with me.
@_date: 2014-12-11 18:13:55
It would be good if people did know security, but when the much-predicted mass adoption happens, you won't be explaining the workings of 2FA and the importance of paper wallets to Grandma.
Things like circle and coinbase are easy and simple ways for people to get into bitcoin. They are easy to use and understand, hassle-free, and made for people who don't understand crypto or have no interest in crypto. If anything, the bitcoin ecosystem needs more such products, not less.
@_date: 2014-08-24 20:53:40
The reason the system doesn't work this way anymore is that it makes things very hard for businesses that operate internationally. If I'm a wheat exporter, I'd have to convert into Kansas currency to pay the farmer I'm buying from, convert Kansas into whatever is required to get it on the train, convert from Trainbucks to Shippingbucks to get it on the ship, and then have to repeat the entire process once it arrives at its destination.
Merchants are the reason this system died, along with government. Obviously having a single currency makes it easier for the state to levy taxes and collect them as well.
@_date: 2014-10-05 18:57:54
Fiat currencies are predictable.
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:28:21
Deflation is a problem for any currency, because its existence removes the ability to plan for the future and reduces one's incentive to invest. If you're a business and you're trying to calculate out your medium-term (say, 5 year) plans, how are you going to be able to anticipate your future costs if the currency you're using is constantly, dramatically changing in value? Furthermore, if you anticipate that the value of your stockpiles of cash will increase dramatically in the future, why wouldn't you just hoard cash and wait? If you can make a profit by doing nothing, why would you bother paying employees or expanding your business? You'd just sit around and wait. And if every business does that (as many have post-2008), then the aggregate result is terrible for the economy.
That is why our central banks tolerate inflation, but do everything they can to stop deflation. Deflation is far more damaging to the economy than a small amount of inflation is.
Deflation for indebted states is a problem too, because (as you obliquely point out) if the value of their state-issued currency increases then paying off their foreign-held debts becomes more expensive. Deflation in such conditions would be cause for massive money printing (this situation is where the "helicopter Ben" epithet arose) which is likely to cause tremendous problems, and piss off one's debtors. This situation only applies to states which have issued debt in foreign currencies, and does not apply to the US - who issues its debts in the same denomination that it controls.
But, still, deflation is a problem for any currency, not just debt-backed currencies.
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:27:03
He couldn't even win Cobb, his home county. Too funny.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:50:49
I've got a pretty decent background in all of these things. Sorry if I sounded like a dick, but if you're genuinely interested in these sorts of things you should try to escape the echo chamber of and study it in a more rigorous setting. You write well, but I think you haven't been exposed to the readings / teachers you might learn from. If you had, your combination of writing ability with real economic knowledge would be a very good thing.
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:50:58
Their currency isn't up in the air, they've said they want to retain the Sterling.
Which, of course, rather renders one of the biggest reasons for separation moot. They would have fiscal control (unless they want to join the EU), while not having any monetary control.
@_date: 2014-09-08 04:57:06
0:05: "Why does the US want to attack Iran, despite the fact that Iran hasn't attacked another state since 1798?". US hates Iran because of the hostage crisis, Iran's bellicose rhetoric, and a perception that Iran might be a threat to Israel.
0:58: Bretton Woods did not "set the price of commodities in the dollar." It set up a number of things which made dollar usage as an international reserve currency more attractive, but it didn't mandate it. Oil, for example, as the video mentions, wasn't priced in dollars until Nixon negotiated a couple of deals in the early 1970's. Video also states "Bretton Woods set up the dollar as the international reserve currency, which means that commodities were priced in dollars." That statement is inherently false, because the term "international reserve currency" denotes foreign exchange held by central banks. It has nothing to do with commodities.
1:15: "Fed did not allow any auditing of its printing presses." - The Fed doesn't print money, Treasury does. Fed distributes. A common misunderstanding, to be fair.
1:45: The reasons behind the demise of the gold-backed dollar are more than just Vietnam war expenditures. Among other causes, other countries were taking advantage of their adjustability vis a vis the gold-dollar and manipulating their currencies, to the detriment of US exports and with that, supplies of gold. However, Vietnam was arguably the biggest cause, so I will say that this particular point isn't wrong, but is just lacking nuance. Numerous fixed-rate currencies have failed over the years, the collapse of the gold-dollar is one of the biggest reasons the world went toward floating currencies of today.
2:50: While the video is correct that OPEC adopting the dollar in return for protection led to the creation of the petro-dollar, it also states that "OPEC members would have to have a steady supply of Fed paper." This makes no sense economically. They would receive dollars in return for oil, but there is no inherent reason they'd have to keep those dollars, as opposed to converting them into anything else they wanted. Granted, given how they run sovereign wealth funds (although I don't know if the Middle East had any set up in the mid-70s) and central banks with reserves, they'd probably want to, but video implies that they had no choice. They obviously did.
3:05: "largest financial con in recorded history" lolok.
3:15: Video takes a leap from saying "OPEC needed to buy dollars" (which again doesn't make sense) to saying "as a result the US got fabulously rich." That's a very questionable claim, especially considering the stagflation and "economic malaise" that characterized the very decade the video is talking about. But maybe he's hopping forward in time ten years, and ignoring the shit growth that the US had during the time it was apparently getting fabulously rich by having OPEC - who, by the way, was obviously best friends with the US at the time - pay for things in dollars. Further, most economists will tell you that the US was already fabulously rich - in no small part due to its position post-WWII, but also because of the rise in international trade we call globalization in the 80s. Japanese, and then Chinese, export-led growth fueled a massive demand for US dollars - leaving OPEC aside. But this post is getting long already.
4:10: "US invaded Iraq" interesting way to frame that. Most people would refer to that as the liberation of Kuwait. If the US's intention was to destroy or conquer Iraq (for reasons the video doesn't talk about, at all, which is interesting) then one would have expected coalition troops to march to Baghdad, which they easily could have done, but didn't. The sanctions were intended to stop Saddam from continuing to gas the Kurds, among other things. They obviously had limited effect, and while estimates of the numbers killed by them vary, video (as usual) tends to the hyperbolic end of the estimates.
5:10: Iraq started selling its oil in Euros because the EU wasn't party to the Iraq sanctions. Any transaction involving dollars would also involve converting dollars to another currency, which was illegal under the US sanctions regime (same logic is how BNP Paribas got fucked earlier this year, and also why Lawsky exists, but I digress). This wasn't a "threat to the Petrodollar system," it was an economic way of avoiding US-led sanctions.
5:25: Idiot time. Oil sales were converted back into dollars because the US was running the oil fields, and they were selling the oil directly. There were no more sanctions prohibiting the sale of Iraqi oil in dollars. Why wouldn't they use dollars? Further, video states that "this resulted in a loss in revenue of 15-20% due to the Euro's higher value." That's nonsense. The oil would have been priced at market rates, not a fixed number of currency. For example, 1 barrel of oil would have sold for 40 euros, and then post-invasion it would have sold for $50. That's not a loss in revenue of 20% (unless you're an idiot and just comparing 40 to 50), it's a change in pricing due to the currency you're using.
6:30: video pretends like US forces attacked Libya and overthrew Gaddafi. That's nonsense, not only because it misunderstands history (at the time of intervention, Gaddafi's government was falling apart, various ministers and cabinet officials resigned, numerous generals defected, rebels controlled multiple key cities and regions, and the fucking Arab League - hardly friends of the US - requested foreign intervention from the UN) but also because the US was minimally involved in the attacks. France ran the show for about a month, followed by a primarily-EU coalition, followed by NATO after the heavy fighting had already taken place. NATO's role was primarily to run a no-fly zone.
I'm tired of typing this up, but from 6:30, you have multiple, multiple points of disagreement with the facts from this hyperbolic video. Also why the hell did the video decide to use a post-apocalyptic Chicago background, combined with a music track stolen from Pandemic?
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:04:37
Henry VIII's actions are usually credited with creating the idea of private property in the post-feudal system. Pre-feudal, your statement may be correct, but at least during the middle ages, all land belonged to the King who allowed others to use his land in return for payments, levees, obedience, and the like.
Henry VIII, seeking to pay for the wars against France, seized all church land and sold it to private people. Those people required protections for their purchases (they would prefer that the King not steal the land they'd just paid for), so he granted them those rights. Side note: This is where the idea of "home as a castle" originates; nobles invented that doctrine to prevent the king from stealing their newly-purchased ex-monastery lands, and then the peasantry started using it in defense against nobles who were actively evicting them left and right as part of enclosures. That principle is the foundation of private property, and has manifestations everywhere.
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:56:06
It would take a while. However, since the most important companies are state-owned, it shouldn't take too long for it to be implemented.
That said, I don't think it will happen - said as much in my post you're replying to. I suspect the fighting in Ukraine is over.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:14:22
I lied and did watch 2-3 minutes further, at which point he starts making his argument that Congressional votes should be secret. Simple enough, and an interesting idea. I was not willing to keep listening to see how he deals with the obvious - democratic accountability, or how I know that my representative is voting how I want her to vote. If you watched it, would you mind summarizing that part of his argument?
I'd also be interested to compare the US to other countries. For example, let's say that Sweden has secret voting in its Parliament (or whatever it has, I am too lazy to google). Is there really a correlation between secret ballot voting in representative institutions and lowered inequality in the overall society? I doubt that's the case.
@_date: 2014-08-07 18:03:54
The USD survived the crash of 1907, the Great Depression, WWII, and de-coupling from gold in 1973. It is a hardy species of currency.
Second, the only way that hyperinflation takes place in the US is if some future administration purposefully decides to torpedo the dollar by printing trillions of dollars in a very short period of time to pay off debts. That would be both economic and political suicide, and would require gigantic debt levels, probably 2-3 times higher than what we have today. Furthermore, the debt load has actually gotten more manageable since ~2010, when a combination of economic growth (cutting deficits in half, more or less) and the Fed's efforts to refinance higher-interest debt resulted in significant lowering of the average interest rate of Treasury debt. That is a small technical thing, but the result of having to pay 2% interest over a 30 year T-bill instead of 5% makes a huge difference on future budgets, making it even more likely that the US will pay down its debt in the future.
Third, other countries have more debt and are not unstable. Japan, for example, has debt at around 250% of GDP, has an aging and shrinking population, and still the yen survives quite well. In fact, for a long period of time, it was actually too overvalued. If Japan has that situation, why is the dollar under such threat today?
Predictions of economic catastrophe are popular and seem to appeal to a lot of people, but it's really just not that likely to happen.
@_date: 2014-05-07 14:53:05
* Simplistic lazy analysis of the 2008 crisis? Check.
* Baseless optimism that Bitcoin replaces the dollar? Check.
* Libertarian distrust of central banking? Check.
* To the moon? No check.
3 of 4 boxes ticked. 75% grade. You get a C. 
@_date: 2014-10-24 14:50:18
Why does anyone think the Russian government will give a shit about public comments?
@_date: 2014-09-22 00:17:37
Nobody likes bank bailouts, but nobody also likes the alternative (doing nothing). That's what I've been trying to get at this whole time. When shit hits the fan, people in democracies expect to get action from their governments. Claiming that it is truly within the realm of political possibility for bailouts to not happen, at least in democracies, is a pipe dream.
Correlation: if you're making the claim that better economic freedom correlates with better human outcomes, you need to do a lot more than look at a quick list. That claim is a big one and requires scholarly study.
Free trade is a problem during the dislocations and redistribution of wealth that inevitably result. Dani Rodrick once estimated that if the US were to lower all its remaining tariffs to zero, there would be $1 of wealth generated with $50 of wealth being shuffled around the economy (meaning some people lose their jobs, while other people get new ones or get paid more). In aggregate, yay, its $1 gained. In reality, the social impact of those changes is far, far greater than the economic value gained. Re: China, the reason wage costs in the West actually matter now is because free trade policies with places like China resulted in a race to the bottom in terms of global wages. That's not good for social stability and people's livelihoods, even if it is good in economic growth.
But this whole line of argument is just reflecting exactly what I've been saying all along. One cannot justify a policy on economic grounds alone. What is good for GDP, if it does not translate to better social outcomes, is not what is necessarily good for the country or the people. That's the problem with the analyses of Hayek, Mises, and Friedman. Aside from relying on a fictitious omniscient rational actor, they also assume that more economic growth is always desirable, and that anything which threatens said growth is somehow a grave threat to the entire system of capitalism (or, if you're Mises, leads to serfdom). That's just hyperbolic nonsense, and it ignores the social impacts that economic changes have.
@_date: 2014-09-07 15:35:40
You don't know what you're talking about. Scotland's economy is ~30 times larger than bitcoin's market cap. Going to bitcoin would result in massive deflation in Scotland, throwing it into the world's most avoidable depression. Furthermore, the bitcoin network would be overwhelmed by the number of new transactions, meaning that in addition to a depression, Scotland would be unable to process payments.
@_date: 2014-09-13 15:46:33
Why would a country decide to accept bitcoin as payment for taxes, when it already has a legal tender? In essence, it would basically just be volunteering to exchange bitcoin for its own currency, at its own expense. From the perspective of the government, it makes no sense. More taxes would not be collected, and overhead costs would be increased because the bitcoin would need to be converted.
We're years away from this happening. Accepting bitcoin as payment only makes sense if the bitcoin ecosystem is truly separate from fiat - meaning that large numbers (millions) of a given country's citizens conduct all transactions in bitcoin, none in fiat.
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:20:36
A transaction of 2,500 coins alone would not be enough to cause a huge drop in price, especially if spread out over several days.  For most of 2014, the transaction volume has been, at minimum, around 50k BTC per day.
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:38:38
That's what happens when you use your employer's resources for your own personal gain without their knowledge. And it's especially bad considering that he spent $150k in resources to generate $10k in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-30 15:15:34
Seriously lol. I enjoy all the discussions on bitcoin, both the network and the currency and its future etc, but when the libertarian hordes descend proclaiming that bitcoin will destroy the state and usher in a war-less state of profit-seeking anarchy, I just can't take it seriously.
@_date: 2014-09-09 20:50:30
That would only happen if neither the merchant or the customer never cashes out their paypal balance.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:02:18
What the article actually says is that Citi is selling its subsidiaries in 10 countries. That doesn't mean that the people in those countries won't have access to banking systems or products. It means they won't have access to Citibank.
So, how about you use your brain, and then we can talk.
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:48:53
He's right. Not sure why you're mocking him. 
Among other benefits, being legally married allows you to visit each other in the hospital, open joint banking accounts (assuming you use a bank, or want to have a mortgage), use the other spouse's healthcare benefits so you're not both paying separately, get tax breaks, adopt children more easily, etc etc etc.
You could always do both, it's not like getting a marriage license and putting it in the blockchain are mutually exclusive things.
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:38:19
Generically speaking, there are two main types of currencies: 
1. IOU's from the government, with future tax income as the "collateral." this is what people call "fiat." Fiat currencies have existed for a millennium, and became the global standard beginning after World War II with that process accelerating after the death of Bretton Woods in 1973.
2. commodity-backed currencies. Based on the amount of X material, Y notes in circulation can exist. There is a fixed ratio of X material to Y currency in circulation. These currencies have existed for longer than fiat, but have almost entirely been abandoned in the 20th century.
Bitcoin is neither of these, but is closer to the commodity backed category because the number of bitcoins in circulation is determined by a finite supply (as opposed to fiat currencies, whose number in circulation is determined by government authorities).
However, in the sense that fiat currencies are not based on a physical thing - they are based on ephemeral future tax revenues - bitcoin is similar in that way. There is nothing real and tangible that provides bitcoin's value.
Hence the confusion. Bitcoin is between both major types of currencies. But I would agree with you that it is closer to the commodity category than the fiat category.
@_date: 2014-11-03 16:41:34
That's a fair point lol. I know what you mean.
@_date: 2015-05-02 19:13:38
This is beyond a stupid argument. There is nothing I can say that would convince you I am not a shill. You have made up your mind - because you don't like what my positions, on whatever the hell you disagree with me about (which you never bothered to say) - and this is a lazy attempt to duck an actual disagreement.
When people say that bitcoiners act like a cult, this sort of attitude is exactly what they're responding to. Most people are reasonable and willing to talk. You, and those like you, do yourself and bitcoin a disfavor by closing your eyes and repeating SHILL over and over again until the disagreements stop. It is cult-like behavior, and it is the behavior of people who cannot critically think.
@_date: 2014-08-03 22:58:48
I hope you didn't check out your copy of Atlas Shrugged from the local library.
@_date: 2014-09-18 22:05:34
What's the sarcasm thing again? /s
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:19:13
Well, it has been a few years since we beat up the Vampire Squid. Maybe they'll find a way to lock the revolving door between regulators and those whom they regulate.
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:42:43
Show me a paid post, and please tell me who is paying me. Personally I don't think I write well enough to get paid. But if you could put me in contact, I'd happily start getting paid for doing what I do when I'm bored at work - posting on among other places.
Or maybe I'm being paid by Tottenham to constantly post thoughts in Or just a soccer association in general as payment for trolling @_date: 2014-07-28 16:28:10
They will have more success with crypto currency, because at the end of the day, at some point, the crypto currency will always have to be converted into fiat. If a government (or, worse for bitcoin, multiple governments) refuse to allow that conversion, then they can instantly render that crypto-currency near-worthless.
Allow me to illustrate: Lets say that you and I both have bitcoin and reside in different countries (say, I'm in China and you're in the US). You decide to pay me for a product in bitcoin, and so the bitcoin crosses national borders without oversight. So far, so good. However, because I've sold you a product, I have to account for that sale in my taxes filed with my government in China. China will not accept payment of taxes in bitcoin - why would it? it has a functioning fiat currency of its own, and every country has established what is legal tender (literally, what can be used to pay taxes) within its borders - and so I will have to convert my bitcoin into Chinabucks (RMB) to pay taxes. Should China decide to forbid conversion of bitcoin into RMB, I then have two options: I launder my bitcoin by exchanging it somewhere else, then shipping that back to China for re-re-conversion (and I'd have to invent a paper trail along the way to satisfy the authorities that I'm not selling drugs or laundering terrorist money), or I tell you that I don't want payment in bitcoin, and want it only in an accepted fiat currency. If I tell you that, then you accept that it is difficult to do business in bitcoin, so you use other fiat methods of payment. And if multiple you's and multiple me's exist, then bitcoin becomes worthless, because it can't be accepted by nearly anyone.
China, in this example, could up the ante by making the punishments for converting bitcoin excessive. That would scare off even more people. And if China manages to get multiple other countries to agree to its ban on bitcoin, then my laundering options grow even more limited, the costs for doing so would increase, and it would become easier for China and its compatriots to clamp down even harder (because there's only a few places which can launder).
So, to reply to your statement, it is wildly incorrect.
@_date: 2015-05-28 13:51:03
If you're poor and unbanked in Africa, the odds are against you having a smartphone and a solar panel.
@_date: 2014-08-15 04:56:10
For once, we agree. Reply to you is indeed a waste of my time. Go back to where you are unquestioned and get clapped for every nonsensical "you are the model T, Bitcoin is Tesla" bullshit you post.
@_date: 2014-09-11 06:16:33
I have this chart, and if you look at it, it says that bitcoin is worth more in the future. Please buy my bitcoins, or at least stop selling yours!
@_date: 2014-09-24 14:52:31
FT chart from yesterday predicting bitcoin's failure? That's just evidence of idiots using charts that have no meaning.
New chart showing bitcoin breakout? Well shit, looks legit, there's lines and colors and trends and stuff. Looks good. To the moon!
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:41:24
I didn't cover the most recent developments in central banking in the above post, but did mention unconventional approaches later on. The list above is normal business for central banks, open market operations (on both sides of the Atlantic) are very much a crisis-only tool.
@_date: 2014-06-15 13:18:38
Gold sellers are the used car salesmen of investing. Never will you get an accurate or unbiased accounting of anything from a gold seller. Every argument they make will conclude that gold is the best option, regardless of whether or not it really is.
Can't believe that people are treating this as factual.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:31:45
Please explain why the scenario you propose - that bitcoin becomes the preferred currency for everything - will come into existence.
@_date: 2014-10-08 19:07:13
Ah, so you're one of the "this arrow has never before been seen in the history of ever!" people :)
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:56:17
LOL thanks, you made my day. So much angry for so little reason.
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:26:16
"Ponzi scheme" is a term (mis-)used to describe anything financial that an average person thinks might be a scam. I blame Madoff for popularizing the term.
They think bitcoin is a scam because of bad press, and the fact that early adopters own significant proportions of all potential coins in existence. In their view, bitcoin is a giant scheme by Satoshi to make himself fabulously wealthy. By convincing others to use it, Satoshi is trying to make himself rich, and that is a scam.
The best counter-argument to this is that Satoshi hasn't cashed out his coins. He could have (setting aside the "if he moves them it all crashes" argument), when their notional value was over $1 billion at the peak of 2013, but he didn't. Until he spends his coins, there is no proof that he is scamming anyone.
Either way, bitcoin isn't a ponzi scheme. A ponzi scheme involves a central figure promising high returns to investors. He provides those returns by soliciting fresh funds from a new round of investors, which he uses to provide returns to the first round. To pay the second group, he solicits funds from a third, and so on. 
Bitcoin isn't a ponzi scheme because nobody promises anyone else high returns. You own it, you might lose money, and you might make money. But you don't go in expecting to earn 20% a year, and that 20% isn't coming from other suckers.
tl;dr bitcoin might be a scam (but probably isn't), but it certainly is not a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:12:37
Even if the local municipality does, the federal government won't. At least not in developed countries. It might happen in countries whose currency has gone to shit, admittedly.
@_date: 2014-10-15 23:52:55
Most people expect it to start in 2015. QE is winding down as we speak. The bigger unknown is what the ECB is going to end up doing.
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:43:27
To answer this question requires a little bit of background on how banks actually operate. Allow me:
Banks operate under charters issued by the state. The state, in turn, requires certain things to qualify for said charter. Those things include obeying government prudential regulations, sharing information in criminal proceedings, helping combat money laundering / terrorist funding, etc. A bank could operate without a charter - in some states, but not all - but it would not be able to use the umbrella of government protections, such as deposit insurance, access to emergency funding from the central bank, and the like. That would make doing business more risky than other banks, would scare off other investors, and would make the whole enterprise not worth doing. For a bank, its charter is its life. Incidentally, that is also why banks typically settle lawsuits from regulatory agencies instead of taking them to court: if they lose in court, they might lose their charter. Paying $5bn to a regulator in a settlement is a lower risk than possibly losing your right to be a bank in a given country.
Banks, because they cannot trace the source of bitcoins purchased by their clients, are very reluctant to be involved in this because they run the risk that their charter-giving government will come in, say "show me your records for X transaction," and the banks will have nothing. That scares the banks, because the government can then plausibly refuse to renew the bank charter and put it out of business at a stroke of a pen. Thus, handling a single client's bitcoin-related account can potentially jeopardize their entire business. Just as they require paper trails for large cash deposits, banks need a way of creating a trail of ownership for BTC, and that is pretty impossible. So they just choose not to be involved at all.
That is why banks are reluctant to get involved in bitcoin, not a fear of competition. Bitcoin is not big enough at all to pose any kind of threat to major financial systems at present, and probably won't be for many years to come. And besides, banks traditionally are very very good at taking something which poses a threat and co-opting it to help their bottom line.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:40:43
I'm sure you were very proud of your witticism there. You are the only person speaking in a deaf world!
I dont know if anybody's done any rigorous - peer-reviewed - analysis of bitcoin's transaction and uncertainty cost savings. Probably, it's been around long enough.
However, you're still missing the point. Bitcoin as a currency can be discussed with clarity and understanding, because we know currencies. You don't have to talk about the entire system in aggregate to be able to talk about bitcoin as a currency. Currencies have existed for thousands of years, and thousands of thousands of economic pages have been spent discussing them, theorizing them, calculating them. All Krugman said about bitcoin is that he thinks it might be a bad currency.
You can disagree all you want, but you don't get to dismiss the opinions of outside experts as "KEYNESIAN BURNING THEATER!" That's the habit of people who can't think critically and cults who can't tolerate outside dissent.
@_date: 2015-05-13 20:07:08
The departments that make money matter a lot more than the departments that don't. And the industry does indeed view IT very much like the rest of the corporate world, which sees IT as a cost center and a piece of overhead whose costs should be diminished as much as possible.
IT supports the money-makers, not the other way around. Convincing IT that bitcoin is a good thing makes about as much sense as convincing the secretarial pool, assuming your goal is to get CS to hop on the bitcoin bandwagon. It is possible OP was just super happy that his CEO was able to present a bitcoin speech in general, in which case the above criticism doesn't apply.
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:11:43
"Affect" and "effect" are commonly misused. A minor pet peeve of mine, due to writing extensively for a long time. Generally, use "affect" and you'll be right 90% of the time.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:34:57
USD would be the best bet, followed by perhaps the Swiss Franc. USD definitely though, since the Fed is unwinding is stimulus programs.
@_date: 2015-05-07 14:58:47
Here I am, walking through the woods, recording my thoughts. Also, I don't like pyramids.
@_date: 2015-05-13 13:10:17
Why did Credit Suisse invite your CEO to talk to its IT department, as opposed to its traders, or forex guys, or anyone else who does actual banking shit?
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:51:54
To talk about something's feasibility as a currency, you don't have to talk about the entire system. Krugman doesn't have to have a clue on the functioning of the protocol to comment on bitcoin's deflationary bias, or make predictions on the likelihood of its volatility, etc.
Now, yes, the network cannot exist without the currency. But that doesn't mean Krugman has to understand the network to talk about the currency.
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:25:47
Fractional reserve banking is fully possible in a bitcoin ecosystem because the market will invent secondary markets, derivatives, and contracts which will effectively expand the number of bitcoin in circulation. "Physical" (for lack of a better term) bitcoins don't have to exchange hands for a transaction to take place; people can have swaps, forwards, options, or whatever else they please merely by using a proof of existence. They can then use those contracts as collateral for loans, which in turn could be justified by other contracts, and bada boom you have artificial bitcoin inflating the supply. One doesn't have to pay people in actual bitcoins, one can use what are effectively digitized crypto-IOU's. 
Pretending that this won't happen is a fallacy. In the US, under the Gold Standard just before 1929, this happened, despite a fixed ratio of bills in circulation to gold on deposit.
@_date: 2014-09-02 04:13:38
You're just trying to play a semantic game until you can make the statement you wanted to make at the start, which remains just as hyperbolic as it was when you first said it.
Spying on you doesn't mean they treat you like a terrorist. They also spied on Angela Merkel, does that mean that they're really treating you like a German Prime Minister? Controlling payment systems is also how they went after BNP Paribas, does that mean they're treating you like a megabank?
@_date: 2014-12-15 20:22:54
He's right about this, not sure why you're raging at him other than not liking his politics.
Dodd-Frank, and its famous Volker Rule, were intended to separate commercial from investment banking. Commercial banks (think retail banks, checking and savings accounts) have their deposits guaranteed by the FDIC. Thus, if banks are allowed to gamble with depositor money that is guaranteed by the US taxpayer, they have almost no incentive to actually control risk and are thereby fucking every taxpayer in the country over.  They are getting subsidized capital, and gambling with it.
Republicans, thanks to being completely-corrupt panderers, have successfully put a provision in the recent spending bill that allows banks to participate in certain types of derivatives using depositor money. This goes counter to everything we learned from 2007-2008, and goes to illustrate just how deep Wall Street's pockets are when it comes to lobbying. 
The provision allowing banks to play with depositor money in derivatives should not exist, and those who proposed it should lose their next election. If banks want to make risky bets, that's fine, but they should not be doing it with money guaranteed by the US government / the FDIC. Dodd-Frank's intention is to force banks to make risky bets with their own money, not taxpayer money, and this provision completely ignores the intent of the bill.
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:18:14
Confirming knows more about economics, future growth potential, and currencies than Warren Buffet.
@_date: 2015-05-02 19:49:30
Only someone made of carrots would type that reply, or reply to this comment.
EDIT = omg, you are made of carrots.
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:55:45
That is an interesting article, thanks for linking it. 
I feel like the author's analysis is superficial. He begins by comparing per-capita GDP, but then backtracks and claims that the US uses a different metric that isn't comparable to Japan's. The simple answer, then, would be to use the same GDP yardstick - the World Bank regularly publishes these measurements, as does the BIS and (maybe?) the WTO. Instead, he goes on a 2-3 paragraph roundabout talking about anecdotes about the quality of cars owned in Japan and comparing energy output. 
On the demographics front, he's forehead-slappingly wrong. Japan's demographics are nearing a crisis point, and that observation is not coming out of my supposed Western need to belittle Asians. Their population growth rate is now negative - would the post-WWII planners really have wanted 50 years of population growth followed by contraction, as he semi-claims? - and the aging populace is becoming an increasing economic burden as a result of their healthcare system. Further, he fails to mention that Japan's demographics are a prime reason their employment rate is so low: the workforce in Japan is a smaller percentage of the overall population than its Western counterparts.
As for innovation / manufacturing etc, he is correct that Japan has continued to grow in these areas. The argument for Japanese stagnation has never been "Japan stopped doing anything in 1990 and became the stone age." The argument was always that Japan, if they'd dealt with their crisis better, would have enjoyed higher rates of growth than they did from 1990-present.
My final complaint (and there are others I'm skipping in the name of brevity) relates to his use of current account surpluses, and thereby concluding that Japan is doing better than the US economically. For starters, I don't like the current account surplus/deficit comparison in general because I think its anachronistic, but secondly he doesn't even mention that China's rise is predicated on a US current account deficit. In the same way that German's much-touted surplus comes by taking payments from Southern Europe, China's surplus comes at the expense of the US. And at the end of the day, who cares? This isn't the gold standard, countries can run current account deficits for decades without incurring much penalty (if any). It's an irrelevant point, usually only used by politicians, and I don't like that comparison in general or in this specific case.
And, in the end, the author's viewpoint is rendered moot by Abenomics. If everything in Japan was so good, as the author argues, there would be no need for Abe to have gone on such a tremendous monetary expansion as he has since 2012. Deflation would not be the devil which Abe (and Western advocates of a Japanese stagnation) believes it is, so there would be no reason for him to embark on such a remarkable policy path.
What do you think of that article, and my reaction?
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:35:24
By that logic anything relating to banking becomes bitcoin news. JPM turned announced lower-than-expected profits yesterday, so please post a link to that article with the following title: "JPM announces lower-than-expected profits. Bitcoin could help force them back into the red."
@_date: 2014-08-24 01:15:21
ITT people desperately trying to square OP's (correct) post with the assumption that bitcoin always go up in value.
@_date: 2014-09-21 13:09:23
The comparison that you set up is a false one. "Free markets" vs "central planning." It's never 100% one, or 100% the other. There has never been a truly unfettered 100% free market system - West Germany, the example you cite, has had government-led collective bargaining systems for decades which have been highly successful -  and there has never been a 100% planned system - even in Soviet countries, there were always markets, even if they were only black markets.
It's a false dichotomy. The state has always and will always be involved in the market, so the question is deciding how much it should be so. You can reasonably make the argument that you prefer less involvement than most, but that argument can't be made by saying "I prefer free markets and you're just an advocate of planning."
The debate isn't capitalism vs central planning. That argument was won decades ago, and capitalism won handily. The debate is to what degree the state is involved.
@_date: 2014-09-22 12:18:54
I have enjoyed the conversation too.
Also, it's kind of interesting that your defense of capitalism ends with a quote from someone best classified economically as a Christian socialist :). That said I do like me some Tolstoy. I have more than a few of his works, and his stuff on economics and morality is among his most interesting and complex. 
Banks: The economic pro and con of bailing them out is not the question. The question is whether, politically, people would accept doing nothing and letting them go under, with the harsh adjustment period that would result. Not only in the US, but around the world, the answer everywhere that I'm aware of was to do something. It's not because of an economic consensus, but is instead a reflection of political realities.
I would clarify my free trade stance by saying I am in no way against free trade, just as I am not opposed to capitalism either. I'm simply saying that the economic picture needs to be complemented by the social impacts. Thus, if say the US were to sign the proposed trans-pacific partnership (TPP) tomorrow, it would behoove the countries involved to make detailed studies of how the TPP will impact various segments of their populations and plan accordingly. For example, if the TPP results in all bagels being outsourced to Japan, the US would be wise to plan for some sort of bagelmaker-retraining program, or expand jobless benefits for certain groups, etc. Pursuit of growth needs to be coupled with societal interests.
My parents were born into a country which accumulated debts well before they were born, and I don't think they see themselves as debt slaves. Plus, the US has the wonderful advantage of having its bonds denominated in dollars - the so-called "exorbitant privilege" - so, with a combination of growth and a marginal amount of inflation, that debt can be eaten away over time. 
Good discussion as well, rare to find someone actually willing to engage in a debate instead of just parroting the same thing repeatedly.
@_date: 2014-07-19 15:44:11
I don't claim to understand his political viewpoint (and as you accurately point out, I agree that she/he is only an asshole). I was just saying that certain worldviews popular on this sub would back up such an opinion, making me think she/he is not just trolling.
@_date: 2014-11-20 22:56:29
Advice A - given by an expert in the field who has studied these things for years.
Advice B - given by a crowd of people who doesn't know anything about what they're talking about.
Yes, yes, why on earth would we ever want to listen to group A?
@_date: 2014-01-15 18:07:03
So the CEO of a company thinks he knows the economics of central banking better than a Nobel Prize winning economist.
@_date: 2015-05-03 17:02:04
I didn't do anything. Maybe a couple other people decided you're a mindless zealot, and liked what I said? I don't give a fuck about reddit karma, and wouldn't bother trying to 'save' anything lol. you can find plenty of negative comments in my history.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:25:49
No. That's why central banks were invented in the first place. The BoE was created primarily to fund English wars with France; every ten or twenty years, its charter (legal basis for existence) would be renewed, and that would almost always coincide with a sudden gifting of money to the state. And Hamilton wanted a central bank not out of some malicious debious plot for gubbermint control, but instead to spread the debt burden of the revolutionary war, the cost of which was primarily borne by the Northern colonies, in which the biggest battles and most destruction occurred.
But hey, don't let facts get in the way of some nice conspiracy-making. Nobody else does.
@_date: 2014-12-04 16:28:32
That said, I don't know how long coinapult will be around, or if you can trust them to actually hold $200k for 3 years or however long it takes you to spend it all. You could also just buy a shitton of gift cards from gyft over a span of time and live off that for a while.
@_date: 2017-02-02 18:07:08
I think the Fed rate will be below 2% in a year as well, or maybe close to it. The Fed will do quarter point raises, and it re-evaluates I think four times a year? So given .5 to .75% now, the worst case is 1.75% in a year's time.
@_date: 2014-08-06 20:38:28
Banks loaned the gold. A bitcoin bank would also loan bitcoins to government. Why wouldn't they? Doing so wouldn't even require the invention of a fractional reserve bitcoin bank - although one would certainly come into existence.
@_date: 2014-08-13 23:15:33
The statement "bitcoin *is*" is inadvertently the perfect anthem of the bitcoin circlejerk.
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:01:45
@_date: 2015-05-02 20:59:29
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:45:44
I don't interpret the article the same way you do. I agree that it is silly for him to argue that there are "two bitcoins", one for speculators (or, in his view, early adopters to pump and dump) and one for facilitating the blockchain. You are mischaracterizing his broader point, but I see no need to defend his positions.
@_date: 2014-05-08 15:18:22
He says fox news talking points because that's the fox news description of the crash.
Defining the causes of the crash defines policy solutions simultaneously. Wall Street would like nothing more than to pin the blame on government policies alone, because if that was the problem, then nothing Wall Street did is to blame and all future regulations are unnecessary.
Your analysis ignores many prominent things which helped cause the crash and have been detailed in my and other people's posts.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:12:02
As a currency, bitcoin does need a stable exchange rate (or at least one which is stable enough to be predictable). As a commodity, it doesn't.
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:39:49
I see your points (and the one below as well). The point about courts is particularly interesting, because given the anonymity of the bitcoin network I would expect it to be pretty difficult to figure out who sold you what in order to take them to court. The technological improvements points are also interesting, but I am not sure I see them as game-changing. Sure, they provide incremental improvements, but I don't see it as changing the world here. Maybe this is not the best scenario to test bitcoin's network idea on.
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:18:19
This is a painfully over-simplified, non-sensical explanation of how governments function and what the reasons are for why the state, generally speaking, maintains a monopoly over the issuance of money.
There's too much wrong with this for me to spend the 30 minutes it would take to fully explain everything, but I will start with your basic assumption - that states derive power from their control of the economy. Several hundred years of political scientists would disagree with you there. The major schools of thought as to why states have power vary between the threat of violence (google Max Weber) and the consent of the governed (which you probably know about). There are also other, typically non-Western, systems in which the state exists to extract resources from its population (Weber would again be useful to google) or to oppress a certain group to the benefit of another group which is better represented by the state apparatus, etc etc etc. The power of the state is tolerated for an equally varied set of reasons.
tl;dr you don't know what you're talking about. But you did string together an impressive series of populist, semi-conspiratorial revolutionary buzzwords. So I can see why you got the top reply in this thread, which is wholly typical of this magnificent subreddit.
@_date: 2014-10-21 18:02:41
I went to the website of whomever made this video - because most videos posted here are bullshit and not worth my time to watch - and I see an anti-semitic quote from Henry Ford arguing that Jews control American elections.
So, not going to waste my time with that bullshit, either.
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:44:09
Depends on who AJ is. 
Western AJ, who has access to credit cards and cash, won't want to use bitcoin to facilitate normal, everyday transactions. Why would he? He has better consumer protection by using his credit card. Western AJ will hold bitcoin primarily if he thinks bitcoin will increase in price over the long run, or he is abnormally concerned with privacy.
Southern (Hemisphere) AJ would be using bitcoin for what it is best at, presently: sending remittances. He, and the recipient, also wouldn't want to hold bitcoin for long. AJ would convert his pay into bitcoin, send it to his family back home, and they would promptly convert back into their home currency. Neither AJ nor his family have much incentive to not convert into fiat.
Given its volatility - something like 10% since last week alone - one would be unwise to keep their short-term liquidity in bitcoin. If one views bitcoin as a viable investment, then it makes sense to keep it in bitcoin for the long term. If you're just using bitcoin for day to day transactions, you're better off converting into BTC just before you buy whatever it is you're buying.
@_date: 2015-05-02 19:47:20
You have offered nothing, at all, which indicates I'm a shill other than your cult-like repetition of the charge. And you can't provide anything to prove it. Just as I can't provide anything to disprove it, short of a W-2 from my actual employer (which I'm not going to give to some jackass on of course).
Kindly fuck off, or do something other than repeating yourself in this comment thread.
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:48:54
Bloomberg / bloombergview.com are fantastic world finance / econ sources. Their op-eds are usually right on point, though not always. Foreign affairs sometimes covers similar topics and gives you 2 free articles a month, but its subscription fee is reasonable. Foreign policy is the same, but more longform and less daily updates.
The gold standard of world financial news is financial times, but you're not going to read much unless you shell out the ~$250 yearly subscription fee.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:21:19
Damn, you're right. How could I have forgotten those ingredients? I will add it to my recipe.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:15:13
Your explanation - that a secretive cabal hijacked the global financial system and engineered the decoupling of currencies from gold around the globe, at the same time - is both lazy and simplistic. 
As for the monetary system: if it didn't collapse in 2008, it's not going to collapse any time soon. 2008 was the biggest crash in 80 years, and it came dangerously close to bringing down the whole system. If we managed an (ad hoc) solution to that, we can handle just about anything.
The gold standard was abandoned for many, many reasons. It was not abandoned because of a bunch of dark room cigar-smoking subjects of conspiracy theories. Lay off the Alex Jones and go pick up some histories of the 1929 crash; Galbraith's is quite readable, for starters. Bernanke's influence on Great Depression thinking cannot be understated, especially vis a vis the gold standard. Eichengreen's "Globalizing Capitalism" also contains a pretty good economic explanation of why the gold standard was abandoned.
@_date: 2014-05-15 18:51:27
Confirming that bitcoin losing its biggest currency exchange is no problem at all, barely worth mentioning, and completely insignificant. The ease with which the largest bitcoin-fiat exchange was able to steal its customers' money says absolutely nothing about potential problems with bitcoin's trustworthiness as a currency going forward. Thank you for clarifying. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:11:12
I am restricting my questions to bitcoin's ability to respond to crisis, which is what OP was saying or at least seemed to say to my interpretation. I am not asking for a 20-page report on all of bitcoin's advantages over fiat.
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:02:48
An investment also has a level of risk-reward calculation. Without that, it's just a mindless bet. Almost nobody here talks about the downside risk, instead mindlessly focusing on brainless calculations of bitcoin's potential value while dismissing short-term losses as statistical variance, or the result of manipulation (ideally by ebil banks who must be terrified of bitcoin!!). Understanding of economics or how a currency works are ignored in favor of mindless pro-bitcoin chanting.
In short, the price-fixated people operate in a world of faith-based hopes. They don't live in a world of cold, rational, risk-reward calculations. The "basic bitcoin bitches" video posted in this thread is a perfect example. Here's some non-linear thinking, some minor attempt at logic, and prediction is revolution! It's just lazy thinking.
[Take this article, replace "gold" with "bitcoin," and it still perfectly works](
@_date: 2014-08-25 13:33:10
Homo economicus, the assumption behind 200 years of econometrics and the cause of most of the fundamental flaws in economic theories. It's one of my personal theories that Rand / libertarian thinking is built out of homo economicus, which in and of itself is an assumption invented by economists who couldn't compute the individual desires of millions of separate actors. That reasoning means that the libertarian / Randian worldview is built out of a false assumption. 
On the positive side, the rapid increase in computational power in the last few years has made it quite possible to create multi-agent simulations which, carried out to a statistically significant number of actors, can do away with homo economicus in theory. Combine that with game theory and behaviorial economics, and I think we're on the cusp of truly re-inventing the field. We'll still make assumptions about how people work, but those assumptions won't be nearly as sweeping and grand as "all people are fully rational, self-interested, and utility-maximizing."
@_date: 2015-05-22 13:33:38
To be fair it's pretty rare that a country collectively realizes that it made a huge fuckup and takes full responsibility for it. Germany post-WWII is the best example. Even Japan, with its well-documented war crimes, has that famous Shrine that includes people convicted of war crimes by the UN, and refuses to discuss the things it did.
But yeah, "states rights" is an attempt to make it not about slavery.
@_date: 2015-05-03 17:24:17
I looked through buttcoin's top of the week, and the first 3 pages didn't have anything. Got a link? Or do you have as much factual backing for this thought as you do for me being a shill? And just FYI, I don't read / post to buttcoin. Like I said, I'm interested in debating ideas and they're more interested in laughing at so it's not a place that I bother to check.
@_date: 2015-05-07 16:39:17
All of the things I listed in my first reply to this chain were positive.
@_date: 2014-07-29 14:41:18
There's a big difference between a bitcoin network which is above-board and legal, and one which is completely illegal everywhere. I mean, should governments everywhere actually go to war on bitcoin, a large number of today's users would simply stop using: few businesses would take the risk, a large portion of private individuals would stop bothering, etc. What you'd have left is basically the illegal activities for which making bitcoin illegal doesn't matter, and the small contingent of ideological diehards who kept the BTC network alive from 2009-2011 (or 2012, whenever you want to claim that bigger-scale, average-Joe adoption started taking place). And the timeframe for mass adoption definitely matters, you cannot reasonably just say "it doesn't matter when bitcoin gets adopted, it will happen eventually!" and leave it at that.
As for China's bitcoin waffling, it is hard for any person to say exactly why that took place; the internal politics of China's Communist party and its monetary / exchange rate policies have much more to do with its bitcoin stance than any perceived threat, or technological difficulty. If anything, China could very easily ban bitcoin because it registers and processes every significant forex transaction with its system of banks and central banks in an attempt to control the RMB exchange rate.
I agree that this scenario isn't likely to take place (probably for a different reason than you do), but all I'm saying is that it could. I think we both understand each other here. Your opinion is simply far more optimistic than my own.
@_date: 2015-05-20 18:09:09
My point is this: The deflation debate only matters if you assume that people keep all their monetary activities in bitcoin. If they don't, then the deflation arguments (both of them) cease to matter.
@_date: 2014-09-17 02:53:21
China's been doing QE for 2+ years. This is just the latest round, and in fact it is smaller than previous ones.
@_date: 2014-08-03 01:19:31
God I hope you're not being serious.
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:28:30
They were not denominated in foreign currencies, they were denominated in German gold-backed marks. This is why the Germans had no issue printing trillions of new, debased marks: effectively, to pay their debts, they made their money worthless.
As for defaulting, that's not really an option. It is incredibly complicated for modern countries to default -for random sidebar information, Argentina is currently fighting a lawsuit over its 2002 default in the US Supreme Court - and in the post-WWI era, none of Germany's creditors would have agreed to restructuring anyway.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:48:38
Relevance to bitcoin: Citi employs people. Certain bitcoin-based businesses employ people. Therefore, related.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:30:16
@_date: 2014-10-08 17:10:07
Just read it. I agree, that is a pretty terrible article title. The article itself is not nearly as inflammatory, in my opinion. The genesis, it appears, was in [this article]( in which the author argues that if one is not a libertarian, then bitcoin is a pretty terrible thing for one to support because of bitcoin's inherent political agenda. Short, mildly interesting read.
@_date: 2014-11-20 22:29:54
Elected politicians shouldn't be telling central bankers what their asset allocations should be either, beyond credit ratings (ie, "AAA only assets"), if that. I know some politicians have passed rules requiring central banks to hold X % of assets domestically; that's usually a pander to some domestic constituency and I would be opposed to that, too.
@_date: 2014-08-05 18:29:20
I agree that skepticism should be applied to anybody predicting x bitcoin price in the future, and think that more people should be more skeptical of things in this sub in particular. But OP doesn't seem to be saying "bitcoin will be $1500 by August 24, 2015." He's just relaying a story, and I don't see how this could equate to a pump and dump.
@_date: 2014-01-21 02:45:50
You can not like him if you want, but I very much doubt you have the intellectual resume to dispute any of his research on the Great Depression. He's widely regarded as the best scholar of the 1930's still living.
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:03:38
"my brainwashed corporate cog mind" lol. Clearly, because I'm using economic understanding, I must be part of "the man" and "the system" which you and your genius buddies are destroying!
I'm just going to skip the middle paragraph, because it doesn't make any sense, and go to the third.
The current monetary system has not monetized labor. It has monetized tax flows. A T-bill is backed by the promise of the US government to repay the t-bill, according to the terms of the t-bill, using future tax revenues. That's monetized taxes, not monetized labor. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:24:49
You're not saying "Lebron James is the most significant basketball player since Michael Jordan." You're saying "Lebron James is the most significant innovation in basketball in the last 1000 years."
You're simplifying the history of money. Surely the person who invented basketball is more important, or the person who organized the NBA, or the person who helped bring it to the masses, or the person who set up the rules in the first place, etc etc.
"Money 1.0" isn't "everything that acted as money for all of human history up until 2010."
@_date: 2015-05-19 18:36:36
Untraceable is a strong word. The only pure "untraceable" transaction across borders would be if you mined the coins yourself, send them through 1+ tumblers or coinjoins to a new address, then used localbitcoins to convert the BTC to cash, in person, from a person you know won't talk. And all the while, if you were being super paranoid, you'd be doing all this via TAILS and TOR (despite its shortcomings) via public wifi networks with a clean laptop.
Using banks, buying from exchanges (presumably with CC or some sort of identifier), doing something on the open web, all of those things are traceable. There are numerous reports of various law enforcement agencies being able to trace even complicated and convoluted BTC trails. It's a matter of patience and how many resources they're willing to dedicate.
It all depends on what you're trying to figure out.
Is it easy to send money abroad? Sure. Is it easy to send it pseudo-anonymously? Sure. Is it easy to send bitcoin with perfect anonymity? No. That takes many more precautions and steps.
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:26:24
There's a difference between economists talking about rational behavior and the reality of how people act. Will people buy things with bitcion? Yes. They already are. Will they think twice about big purchases, knowing that in a year they might be able to buy the same items for less? Yes. Businesses, especially, will plan future expenditures on expectations of inflation and deflation.
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:43:28
Thank you for being the one reasonable reply in 4 lol.
Pretty amazing that I post "I think people overuse 'shill' as an attempt to win arguments" and the reply I get is "you're a shill."
@_date: 2014-12-30 06:25:13
I'm surprised that someone from a central bank that has existed for 320 years thinks that the next financial crisis will sink the system built around said institution. The BoE has weathered many financial crises in the past; 2008 was its worst (yes, worse than the Great Depression for England vis a vis bank failures and liquidity crunches) but they still got through it.
Having studied central banks extensively, there is almost no reason to expect that they are on any kind of precipice or at any kind of risk of disappearing.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:45:50
They have been this low in Europe, just not in the Eurozone. Denmark and Sweden both experimented with negative interest rates and met with success, eventually unwinding their programs circa 2012. 
The "crisis", at least in comparison to the sovereign debt crisis which came to a head in 2011-2012, is over. By "crisis" I mean a set of circumstances which could, realistically, lead to the immediate dissolution of the Eurozone. I don't think that's the case anymore. These efforts aren't about stopping contagion, or panic-fixing immediate dangers to the system. They're about getting the Eurozone back and growing, while also trying to deal with deflation so it doesn't end up like Japan in the 1990s.
This news is definitely noteworthy, but I think its more noteworthy as a sign of how far the ECB has come as an institution. If you asked an ECB board member what the ECB's role should be in 2007, and then told them what the ECB has done from 2008-present, they'd be stunned.
The motor of European monetary integration is increasingly becoming the ECB.
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:36:09
HSBC is apparently afraid that central banks can't do enough if a recession were to hit tomorrow. I have no idea why they think that, because the 2008 crisis has shown that central banks are not at all constrained by even the laws (or at least the intent of the laws) that govern them - see the ECB. Central banks have shown that, since 2008, they have plenty of things they can do in a low or zero-percent interest rate environment. Things like QE, the Fed's Operation Twist, various bank asset purchasing programs, etc have happened worldwide. 
Inflation worldwide is pretty low (and very low in the Western economies whose central banks HSBC is losing sleep over), so there's no reason to say "debt levels are too high!" because the demand for debt by private markets remains at very high levels.
It's a dumb analysis and I don't know why they put it out. Unless they're completely ignorant of everything central banks have done since 2008, as well as ignorant of the (low) borrowing costs of major Western countries, then this position makes no sense.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:19:20
Oil collapse isn't doing them any favors.
@_date: 2015-05-11 19:12:21
Even in a smart contract world, there will be adjudication and disputes. There will be lawyers. 
In fact, as I understand it, smart contracts don't actually store the contract in its entirety anyway, only a crypto key that works only when used on the digital contract. So somebody somewhere will still need to keep it, and somebody else somewhere else will still argue that it is invalid or that it is being misunderstood by the contract holder, and then the lawyers will still need to come in.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:36:12
Money laundering requires obfuscating the money trail.
Reporter ignores how easy it would be to launder stolen bitcoins. In addition to other methods (using a tumbler, trading for alt coins, going to anonymous exchanges), there is always the localbitcoins (meeting up, exchange cash for btc) exchange method. Unless the person you're trading with takes your picture and saves it, there's practically no way they'd be able to remember who you are. 
Or you could always split up the btc into thousands (probably wouldn't need to be that many) of individual pieces multiple times, move them around repeatedly, and mix them with "legit" (non-stolen) btc until it is impossible to differentiate the stolen ones, then cash them out at a real exchange.
@_date: 2015-05-02 19:56:13
Carrots confirmed.
I'm trying to indicate just how dumb your argument is, but apparently that level of understanding escapes you, so I'll just continue to state that any reply by you is proof that you are made of carrots. Just as any reply by me is proof that I am a shill.
Please go away, carrotman.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:16:16
"Money 1.0" didn't last for 10,000 years. The innovations that allowed a central authority to control the printing of money are just as important - if not more so - than the idea of the blockchain. The blockchain is an attempt to decentralize authority - which is really a throwback to the pre-central bank way of doing things.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:10:07
You're trying to claim that bitcoin, an attempt to take control of money back from central authorities, is a more important financial innovation than the innovations which allowed central authorities to take control of the money supply in the first place.
If bitcoin is money version 2.0, then money version 1.0 is what preceded it, and getting to money 1.0 was difficult, took hundreds of years, and shaped world history. Money 1.0 was a more important innovation than bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-15 13:37:44
OP's article references another story [here]( in which an HSBC economist says that he fears that central banks lack the proper tools to fight a new recession, when it happens. Said economist is spouting a version of the problem of the zero lower bound (ZLB), the point at which central banks can't lower interest rates any further. Interest rates are the primary tool of modern central banks, and so pre-2008, a lot of economic thought and research went into wondering what a interest rate-wielding central bank would do, should interest rates approach or hit zero percent.
I don't understand why he's hung up on that, because since 2008, multiple central banks have done things at the ZLB which have had a remarkable impact. QE was justified on ZLB grounds, and other central bank actions (variants of operation twist, which effectively refinanced US debts; bank guarantees; negative interest rates; and much more) have all shown that, at the ZLB, central banks can still do plenty of stuff. 
So, what the HSBC economist was saying is "If a new recession is coming, I don't know what CB's will do!" and is apparently (miraculously) ignorant of everything the CB's have been doing since 2008. Inflationary risks around the world are very low, so there is no reason to think that CB's don't still have enough economic space to launch a new QE, or buy bad debts from private enterprises, or do anything else that they've done since 2008.
Should a new recession hit tomorrow, CB's will do what they have been doing - find creative ways to print money.
@_date: 2015-05-20 19:39:29
I agree with you. The debate has always been whether or not bitcoin will follow that path, and if it does, what impact deflation has on its progression. I'm saying that, if we assume bitcoin doesn't follow that path, then there's no problem.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:18:18


That perfectly summarizes my opinion. Bitcoin as a currency may never be stable in terms of fiat value. But that only matters if you're trying to replace all fiat transactions with bitcoin ones. If one thinks of bitcoin as supplementary to our existing fiat system and not replacing it, then the deflation problem ceases to be a problem. 
In other words, I think the whole deflation argument isn't really about deflation but is really about assumptions of what bitcoin's future will be. If bitcoin replaces all fiat currencies tomorrow, then we'd have a big deflation problem. Camp A thinks it's a deal-breaker, camp B invents all kinds of arguments about why deflation is actually a good thing (tm). But if deflation doesn't matter - because bitcoin doesn't replace all fiat, but instead lives alongside them - then that whole debate goes away.
Anyway, nice article. Good summary of the argument on both sides. I think the deflation debate is really a debate about what bitcoin's future is, as opposed to actually being about deflationary currencies. And I think it is far more likely that bitcoin stays an alternative payment system than it is likely that bitcoin destroys the entire existing financial system and ushers in an anarchist utopia.
@_date: 2014-10-15 19:48:24
If that's supposed to be an insult, it's a pretty bad one.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:15:39
Divisibility doesn't mean that BTC maintains price stability. If you could cut a dollar into 10,000 increments instead of only 100, that doesn't mean that when the dollar appreciates there's no difference. Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2014-09-14 04:59:11
No, nobody here will actually realize this.
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:02:52
They provide liquidity, which enables more merchants to feel safe about accepting BTC as payment because they can cash out in a reasonably short timeframe. They do give something to bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-07 19:57:51
I would take the other end of this bet. An interest rate hike before the launching of QE4.
I don't see the logic for a QE4 now. I don't think they're going to raise rates until the end of this year, if not early 2016, because they won't want to hurt Europe's attempt to fight deflation. On the other hand, they definitely do want to hike rates to prick potential asset bubbles (if one doesn't already exist).
It's a balancing act, but I'd expect a minor rate hike that is mostly symbolic far before I'd expect a QE4.
@_date: 2015-05-03 14:59:40




Both of these statements are naive.
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:41:25
LOL. I have three paragraphs explaining why I think "shill" is used by people without any justification, and you reply by saying "shill."
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:41:15
Awesome, thanks. Interesting to see (at least visually) the charts etc. I wonder how robust the statistical literature is on the CDN as petrocurrency, beyond this one article. I don't mean that as criticism at all - thank you again for the link. Nice to see actual, good sources.
@_date: 2015-05-02 20:08:28
It's stupid, and stupidity annoys me.
Prove it or go away, carrotman. Tell me who I'm shilling for, or what, or who is paying me.
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:07:06
My pleasure. Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:20:24
"Regulated to death" creates the biggest economy in the world by a factor of 2, give or take whose numbers you're looking at. 
And what usually happens is that the economy explodes, people demand policy solutions to mitigate the difficulty they're facing, and then the safety net gets expanded. It's not "progressives," it's part and parcel of capitalism. The history of capitalism is also the history of governments enacting redistribution programs to make the economic changes palatable to the public (or, if you're cynical, to maintain social order). England, the birthplace of capitalism, enacted redistributive policies starting in the 16th century, just as enclosures were starting to both form the idea of property rights and the idea of land as a commodity, critical to the formation of banking, capital, and capitalism. At one point, they even had a guaranteed minimum income based on the price of bread. In the 18th century. And that was in the most capitalistic country on the planet at the time.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:29:27
OP's quote is just a libertarian dog whistle, and is not indicative of the report itself.
The report is really talking about bitcoin itself, and is further interested in how the bitcoin ecosystem develops structures of authority organically. It is not a manifesto calling for existing state governments to get involved. Here's a sample what the report actually says:


@_date: 2014-09-07 15:36:51
I will bet you $5000 that it won't happen, by the end of 2014.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:52:09
I am uncertain that the Constitution was obeyed marvellously during your timeframe, which is accurate in terms of not having a central bank and not having an income tax. Hopefully OP can enlighten us.
@_date: 2016-03-22 21:11:31
Japan is an interesting case study, in that they had a financial crisis caused by a real estate bubble which popped. However, unlike in the US and West, bad debts were not purged from the system, and the political ties to the financial entities making the loans ensured the creation of so-called "zombie banks" which were effectively dead in every way except they were propped up by government lending and assistance. We never quite got to that point in the West post-2008, but the comparison there is valid. Our banks got bailouts, but they weren't dependent forever on continued bailouts. 
Japan's continued stagnation is at least partially attributable to its insistence on propping up its dead banks. They did deploy several innovative solutions, but they didn't pursue the "helicopter money" approach for very long, and they didn't let the bad debt exit the system. That, combined with its peculiar demographics exacerbated by its traditionally anti-immigrant policies, meant that the prospects for recovery were dim.
Japan is a useful case study, but it is not a direct analog for many other countries. If anything, its closest companion is China, which is also propping up bad loans because of political connections and is simultaneously facing a demographic crisis.
So, no, I wouldn't laugh Japan off. It is a useful comparison, but not a perfect one, at least not for the West.
@_date: 2015-05-21 13:16:42
States rights are only invoked when a politician holds a strong view on a subject but knows that public antipathy for a federal law renders that approach pointless. Republicans have been very consistent on gay marriage. In the 1990s, there was a federal gay marriage ban passed - Republicans wanted it and the public wanted it. Republicans still want to ban gay marriage today, but they can't pass another federal law due to politics and the Supreme Court, so they play the "best solved by the states" card in the hopes that at least their home districts won't have the gay marriage bogeyman.
And yeah, with regards to racism, "states rights" is the South's way of arguing "No, srs, it wasn't about slavery, it was about constitutional delegation of powers, we're not racists, I promise!" when it's really just a cover for racists to try and overturn the Civil Rights Act.
tl;dr invoking "states rights" only happens when someone really wants something that the majority of the public doesn't.
@_date: 2014-07-24 16:06:26
You're completely right, and all the people here who don't understand how financial systems work are wrong.
The bank is chartered in New York State. That puts it under both US federal law and New York State law. Lawsky is a New York State appointee, and his job is to oversee banks chartered in his state and ensure compliance with state and, to his ability, federal law.
Why is BNP Paribas chartered in New York? Because New York is the hub of the US financial system, in large part because the biggest Fed branch is in Manhattan, and being near the biggest Fed branch gives banks certain advantages. New York is also obviously the biggest market in the US, which makes it easier for banks to transact their business.
So BNP Paribas goes around doing completely illegal shit. US federal law prohibits said illegal shit, but because BNP Paribas is chartered in the US, it is subject to US law. Thing like the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, for example, make bribery illegal, and that applies to any transaction anywhere on the planet, provided that the company has operations in the United States. If your Somali branch bribes an Afghan politician and you have an office in New York, you get charged under the Act.
For the privelege of operating inside the United States, you must comply with United States law. And some of those laws prohibit behaviors taking place anywhere, not just within US borders. Don't like it? Fine, pull out of the US market. Can't do that because your business suffers? Tough shit. Comply with the law, or leave.
That's how law works. But this subreddit doesn't like that kind of thing. So boom downvotes aplenty. EXTORTION rah rah. It's uninformed bullshittery, and it's ridiculous that so many people here are falling for it.
@_date: 2015-01-09 14:52:05
This is an unbelievably stupid article.
First, the deficit problem in the US is not nearly as bad as it has been portrayed. The deficit has been cut in half since 2008 and continued economic growth (estimated by most to be 3%+) will mean further reductions. Furthermore, if the US were in such imminent danger of default, then the cost of borrowing for the US government would be high and CDS's on US debt would be higher still. But both of those things are at historic lows, and have been, for a very long time. The "Operation Twist" scheme by the Treasury and Fed further helped lower US borrowing costs over the long run, to the point that the US is borrowing at rates lower than even long-term inflation. Just by sitting on its ass, in other words, US debt payments will shrink over time.
Regarding debt levels in the US, that's also not at a crisis point or arguably even close to it. Japan's debt is over 200% of GDP, but there are not runs on the bank and people demanding revolution there. The debt in the US has also been higher in the past than it is today - particularly after WWII - and it recovered quite fine, fine enough to enjoy a tremendous 30 year economic expansion. From a standpoint of pure economics, there is very little to worry about in the US right now. Borrowing costs are at historic lows - even on the 30 year treasury bills - and the past few years of economic growth show few signs of abating. The only thing that could really cause problems for the US bottom line would be a new, unfunded Iraq-scale war, or a gigantic tax break.
If you want to talk bitcoin go ahead, but don't resort to ignorant fear-mongering. People here complain about FUD regarding bitcoin, but this kind of stupid article is FUD about the US. It has no basis in reality. That website needs a better editor.
@_date: 2014-10-02 01:52:53
You're assuming those products will exist in the future. They don't now. They would also be very difficult to assemble: only in a thriving bitcoin economy, one in which billions are transacted every day, would an insurance company be willing to back a wallet host provider for such challenges. And even then, it would be rather difficult to enforce... The only way I can think of it working is if every transaction is in effect a 30 day escrow, or something of significant length, in which both parties can contest. And I don't see why a merchant, given the option of working without that risk, would agree to it.
I've edited my post to reflect what I was trying to say, because I did use the word "chargebacks" when what I really meant is "fraud protection." Charge back and theft are unrelated. I didn't mean to talk about charge back in my post, I only said that contesting charges (different than charge back) is far easier with credit cards than bitcoin.The consumer also has the advantages of several decades development worth of consumer protection laws which bitcoin simply cannot replicate, by explicit design.
@_date: 2016-03-22 17:56:00


You're being pretty generous here. 
My interest in economics also began in 2008, but unlike this author, I didn't go around submitting articles for publication using a hyperbolic tone which implied that I had figured everything out. I knew that I was a novice, and I knew that I shouldn't be informing others. 
Smart people know what they don't know. This author clearly doesn't.
@_date: 2014-10-21 14:27:33
The bankers won't go down. They will figure out a way to co-opt bitcoin and make money from it. The easiest example is the Winklevoss ETF, but there will be others. Banking is too big, too smart, and too connected to be done in by an internet currency that makes it easy to send money around. People will still need loans, credit, financial advice, and other services that financiers provide. Adopting bitcoin won't remove the demand for a mortgage.
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:03:18
You said this - "There are very few legitimate reasons for a tax and yet there are an unknown and uncountable number of beneficiaries. "
How can there be a legitimate reason for a tax if you think all taxation is aggression and coercion?
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:40:01
Right, I've seen the oil sands / Keystone story etc. I'm interested in whether somebody's discovered a good correlation between the price of oil and the CDN, which would indicate truly that the CDN is a "petro currency" on par with the ruble, or Venezuela, etc. I'm sure it's a factor, I just don't know how much of one yet.
edit - another [reply]( provided me [this study]( providing exactly the data I said I was interested in.
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:20:01
So what time period is that, exactly? The constitution was ratified in June 1788, and the first central bank was inaugurated in February 1791. So I'm guessing you'd like a return to that wondrous 2.5 year period? Or do you have another time in mind?
@_date: 2015-01-09 18:21:06
Agreed. It's really a 30 year mortgage, and it's really at near-zero rates at this point. So, basically, its an interest-free loan.
I really think that the Operation Twist thing is going to be seen as a fantastic, technocratic move that nobody paid attention to at the time but will result in saving the US tens of billions of dollars in interest payments by the time it's all done.
Mark Blythe, a well-respected economist, actually wrote a very interesting article in Foreign Affairs arguing that the US should take advantage of the ridiculously-low borrowing costs. For Blythe, the US should borrow as much as it can at the crazy low rates, then invest that money in the stock market, or well-rated corporate bonds, or capital investment in infrastructure etc. The difference between its return and its interest payments could then be used to shore up social security and other welfare programs, or put into a US sovereign wealth fund that could guarantee minimum payments to some or all taxpayers. 
That idea is politically toxic and will never happen because of Republican grandstanding, but it just goes to show how very, very low US borrowing costs really are.
@_date: 2015-01-09 23:43:08
Interesting idea. I am not an economics expert, so I don't know if there's any value to stripping debt out of GDP. It might just be a clever trick, or it might actually say something. I haven't seen any other actual economists use that technique, so my first reaction is that it is probably a pointless analysis to carry out. Interesting idea, however.
I also read an article today saying that job growth in December of 2014 was the highest rate since 1999. How does your growth = fake square that circle? Not trolling, actually asking.
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:08:39
A reddit rarity, agreed.
@_date: 2015-01-22 18:42:29
Bitcoin will never become the world's sole currency, so this exercise is an exercise in futility.
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:44:29
The most obvious example of what you ask for is the demise of the gold standard in the 1930s. In almost every situation, governments were not highly indebted and were running balanced budgets. Their emphasis on running a balanced budget led to draconian cuts in government spending as revenues collapsed, while having to hike interest rates led to deflationary pressures as the domestic money supply shrank (people would take their gold out of one country and into another based on more attractive interest rates). The rise of labor unions placed a floor underneath which wages could not drop, and so companies were forced to fire people instead of reduce their wages (which is how the gold standard system had dealt with previous international crises). The net result was the worst economic calamity of the 20th century.
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:40:57
China's government is anti-BTC because BTC circumvents its currency controls. China has currency controls to serve two purposes. First, it is trying to keep the yuan artificially cheap relative to its market rate in order to stimulate exports, and second, China limits the amount that any person can convert into dollars per year ($50,000). The intent of the second control is to ensure that its ocean of corrupt bureaucrats can't squirrel away their funds overseas in an attempt to hedge against government anti-corruption actions.
The second effort - the cap on dollars - is almost completely ignored. Chinese money has been driving real estate booms in New York and especially Sydney, among other places, as bureaucrats send money abroad to put into real estate, hoping that they can flee China whenever they want and still have a comfortable life.
Bitcoin undermines both of those goals. If one can buy unlimited bitcoin in China, then one can ship the bitcoin abroad with ease - that means the bureaucrats can maintain their overseas backup plans, lowering their loyalty to the Party at home, thereby undermining the continued existence of the CCP. Bitcoin also undermines the government's ability to keep the yuan artificially cheap, because there are no controls on the yuan-BTC exchange rate. Arbitrage opportunities would abound.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:33:34
You don't have to understand tech stocks to understand currencies.
@_date: 2015-01-09 15:07:15
Usually this kind of blind optimism article only shows up when bitcoin rises. When it stays around $400 for months, you'd think it would be harder for someone to actually believe this nonsense, but apparently it isn't. Impressive.
@_date: 2015-01-19 14:14:06
Right. Economics is a very, very complicated business because it's not just the study of things and prices, it's the study of human behavior and interactions. Attempts to simplify it with a few maxims - particularly maxims derived from a particular political viewpoint, which is even worse because it has little to do with economics - are almost always wrong.
@_date: 2016-03-22 18:45:34
I'd be more forgiving if it was some guy's personal blog, or something like that. But this is zerohedge, which while not exactly a news source of high repute, is still read by a lot of people. Maybe I should direct my dislike at the editorial process there, granted.
@_date: 2016-03-22 18:48:46
In theory, there's no problem. Typically "monetizing debt" doesn't mean Weimar-level hyperinflation. Inflation at 2-3% a year over the long term does erode the real debt burden without causing much economic instability.
I would object to the assumption that increases in the money supply post-2008 are guaranteed to cause massive inflation. There's just no sign of that happening, despite the Fed starting to tighten policy recently.
Economics is like the weather. There are infinite data points and infinite contributing factors to any given outcome. It is very rare that you can definitely say "X leads to Y" and be right.
@_date: 2016-03-23 18:54:26
No. I do the lazy thing, and invest everything in the Russell 2000 ETF. It's in a zero-fee account, so i parked it there and will forget about it for the next thirty years.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:25:09
It was contentious throughout US history, but always kept coming back. As it did in many other countries as well.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:25:29
"A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent investment operation where the operator, an individual or organization, pays returns to its investors from new capital paid to the operators by new investors, rather than from profit earned by the operator."
- definition, from wikipedia
Bitcoin isn't a ponzi scheme because there are no returns being paid by any organization. Individuals think it might go up or go down, but there is no central entity saying "give me your money and I will promise you 20% returns annually." 
You could make a better case that Bitcoin is a pump and dump scheme, but even if we assume that is the case, so far there has been only pumping and no dumping from Satoshi. If that were his plan, I would have expected him to cash out when his coins were worth millions / billions. He didn't, so that calls into question whether or not (a) he still exists, or (b) whether or not bitcoin is actually a pump and dump scheme.
"Ponzi scheme" is an almost-always misused label that people use to describe financial chicanery, primarily because Madoff went down so big in 2008-2009 that "ponzi scheme" came to describe, in the (lazy) public mind, any financial malfeasance. People have used it incorrectly to describe the Fed's QE, the bailouts, social security, and anything else they happen to be politically opposed to, primarily because people hear the term and think "Oh shit, that thing again, HORRIBLE!"
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:46:38
Firstly, I don't think perpetual debt exists. It certainly doesn't for individuals, due to bankruptcy laws and also because the debt goes away when they die. If you are asset-less and get hit by a truck, nobody pays off your loans. The closest we get to "perpetual debt" applies to states, and it has always existed for states, because, for the last 400 years, individual states are the final authority within their borders and it is extremely hard to make a state do something it doesn't want to do. That has changed recently, due to Bretton Woods constructs, but even then the enforcement power of those organizations is weak.
For states, perpetual debt is a viable option because there's no need for them to actually pay it all off. They manage debt; it can't go above a certain percent because it will become too expensive and then they will default, but they basically manage it. And if they choose not to pay, then they don't pay. They go into default, and that's that. There's nothing that their creditors can force them to do, beyond declaring war (France seized the Ruhr valley from Germany because it didn't pay its WWI reparations, for example) or legal maneuvers, like what just happened with Argentina and NML capital, which actually have pretty minor impacts.
If we do assume that 'perpetual debt' exists, then the argument for it is that it doesn't noticeably slow growth. One person's debt payments goes into the wallet of another, and then that other either loans it out again or spends it in some way (ideally, I'm assuming he isn't just a hoarder). You might make a better case that a more indebted society is a more unequal society. I haven't read that, but I could see why it would exist; having money enables one to make more money, so there would be uneven wealth distribution as a result. I am not sure how you could deal with that. Even in a society in which debt is somehow eliminated - we are returning to the Middle Ages, when the Catholic church banned lending at interest - the rich people would still be getting richer due to making more investments.
Finally, I will add, debt is a wonderful thing. The ability to borrow against your assets is the primary reason that strong private property and contract enforcement laws lead to economic growth. 
And no, I'm not a 1% er.
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:30:52
Oh good, another financial luddite blows the bitcoin dog whistle against fractional reserve banking.
FRB, for those with any knowledge of history, has existed for as long as commercial banking has existed. No FRB, no deposit-accepting, interest-paying banks. Instead of savings being put to work for economic growth, savings will sit unused and do nothing for anybody.
There is nothing wrong or immoral with FRB - its just a matter of setting the reserves ratio at a number sufficiently high to withstand panics, but low enough so that the bank can actually make money. I do not understand why so many people here act as if it is theft, or is somehow a moral outrage. Well, actually I do: they don't know anything about economics.
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:53:11
You need a new name lol. To the general public, Goldman is synonymous for megabanks run amok. "Vampire squid" isn't a compliment.
Coin sachs is probably not as bad as LehmanCoin but it's up there.
@_date: 2016-03-22 17:26:18
See my other reply in this thread. The author is either pretending to be ignorant or, more worryingly, really doesn't have a clue how any of this stuff works.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:53:11
But it is incoherent babble. Inflation is not seigniorage. Grandma and grandpa didn't have to save at a higher rate than inflation, they had to invest their money such that it outstripped inflation, which commonly did unless they parked it in the mattress, which you apparently think is a good economic model. A zero-inflation environment does not consume all economic growth. In fact, it consumes no growth, because it is zero. Economic models treat deflation as bad because it discourages business activity as it rewards idle money, as opposed to (slightly) inflationary environments which put more capital to work.
So, basically everything you said is incorrect economically, and the rest was the equivalent of a euphoric shower thought.
@_date: 2014-06-07 22:44:18
Bitcoin doesn't belong because:
* it's built on multiple other innovations with financial purposes, without which it could not exist. The internet, computers, international finance, for one. The idea of property rights, for another. Without that, nobody owns any BTC.
* it's 5 years old and not at all influential for the average person. It has potential to have a big impact - not as big as the cheerleaders here like to think, but it can make an impact - but it really hasn't yet. It is therefore stupid to judge it as "greatest of all time financial innovations." 
* in historical comparison, a computer authentication system used by a few million people worldwide does not at all compare to previous financial innovations which have shaped the world's development. The invention of money, another innovation that BTC is built out of, for starters. I cannot believe that I have to spell this out for you.
The brainwash is strong with you, son.
@_date: 2015-01-31 04:11:46
I'm pretty sure that would disqualify most of the economics "experts" on this subreddit haha. A pretty good litmus test to decide if someone understand monetary policy well is to ask them why inflation exists.
There's a general habit here to assume that, because the blockchain technology is quite innovative (and I agree with that), then the economic principles behind bitcoin as a currency must be equally as innovative. They're simply not. Deflationary currencies have existed in the past, and there's a reason we (largely) don't use them anymore.
@_date: 2015-01-09 18:16:19
I agree that the US is benefiting from the weakness in other areas (Europe and China especially). The record-low borrowing costs are due to a combination of strong US growth and weaknesses elsewhere.
Your long econ post:
I would say there's a difference between "recovering" and "fixed." For example, comparing median household income over time says more about the runup to the 2008 bubble than it does about subsequent economic growth. If real estate values from 2001-2007 were part of an unsustainable bubble - as most people think - then it should be no surprise (and quoth bitcoin, "actually a good thing") that we haven't gotten back to those levels.
Unemployment statistics: I have heard this argument before. I would say that the metric you use doesn't matter, as long as you use the same metric over time. If we exclude long-term unemployed, then we should exclude them across time and in all measurements. Labor force participation is a better measure than the official unemployment stats as far as reflecting reality, but one must also control for demographic shifts. Our country is getting older as the baby boomers retire, so it is certain that at least some dropoff will be due to demographics. Maybe not all, but at least some.
The median income problem has been a problem since the late 1970s. While part of it is the slower-than-expected recovery (which is now picking up steam, I'd add), a lot of it is also directly due to pro-trade government policy which biases the highly educated over the uneducated, blue collar worker. It also helps explain changes in the distribution of wealth.
My point is, economic data can be cherry picked to create almost any argument you want to make. Just as you can look at that data and see evidence that the recovery is fake, I can provide reasoning as to why the data reads the way it does. GDP indicators, the stock market, consumer sentiment, business expectations, and job creation growth have all been quite good for quite a long time. To me (and most economists I've read) that indicates a good recovery.
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:07:39
The oil collapse has certainly been interesting. Most of what I've read understands the oil collapse as resulting from a growth in US supply, a reduction in Chinese demand (due to slowing down), a reduction in European demand (mild winter, and general stagnation) and US demand (due to more efficient use of petroleum products). When OPEC announced it wasn't going to curtail production, the price went through the floor.
On the whole, though, the oil collapse has been fantastic from a US foreign policy perspective. Low oil fucks Iran (whose cost of production is higher than the Saudis), ISIS (who has been sneaking oil into Turkey and from there onto the open market), and Russia. OPEC hates Iran and ISIS, so it serves their interests to keep the price low, and it also helps crowd out US producers. 
I didn't mean to say that you were cherry picking data. I only meant to say that economic data is always subject to interpretation. I think the fact that US growth has continued, in the face of slowdowns almost everywhere else on the planet, only shows the real strength of the recovery.
I do look forward to seeing how the oil situation plays out.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:49:58
I'm not trolling. I asked a serious question. If he wants to make a claim that there was a point in time at which everything was much much better than today, then he should be able to say what that time period was, and  why.
It is one of the laziest, most over-used rhetorical tools to claim "Everything was so much better back in the day." Generally speaking, that claim is almost never true. I want to see if this guy can defend his claim, or if he is just one of many before him to rely on that lazy rhetorical argument.
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:01:51
In that example, the reserve ratio is 10%. Most banks use something in the high single digits, per a series of international banking regulations.
I wouldn't call it "perpetual debt" because the debt is continuously being repaid and being re-issued. It's not like one person is forever making interest payments. One person pays it off, it gets loaned out again, and a new person makes interest payments.
The system works unless everyone tries to cash their money out at the same time (a "bank run"). Those events are quite rare, quite catastrophic, and usually driven by investor panic as opposed to fundamentals. Hence why we have protections against such things. Bigger banks are able to absorb more withdrawals. Things like FDIC insurance are intended to assuage the fears of depositors, stopping a bank run before it starts. etc etc.
@_date: 2015-01-19 04:33:53
As a redditor it can sometimes be disappointing when people like yourself - self-proclaimed economics experts - rely on such overly-simple sources that they, in truth, know very little about economics.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:09:53
If the US wanted to pay off its debts tomorrow, it could do so, instantly, by printing 18 trillion dollars and paying them out to everyone. It would cause hyperinflation and tank the global economy, but they could do it, if they wanted to. Therefore, your "there is not enough money" claim is fallacious - you assume that the amount of money in existence today will remain the same. It won't.
"Debt slavery" is anarchist doublespeak that's supposed to equate a moral wrong - "slavery" - with debt. It's intellectually lazy, and incorrect. Entering a contract does not make one a slave to another. Agreeing to borrow money from a bank at x% interest rate is not slavery, because it is voluntary. Being born in a country which is making debt payments also does not make you a slave to its creditors, because (a) you could elect someone to pay it off, or (b) you can leave.
You've read too much partisan nonsense, and responded to my question using talking points without substance.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:23:23
You may disagree with some or all taxes, but that doesn't make their collection theft. Just because you don't want to go along with a particular program doesn't make its existence a moral wrong.
Wages have been stagnant for the last 30 years compared to inflation, you are correct. I would say that is due to major macroeconomic changes, particularly increased global workforce participation that drove the unit cost of labor down. In the long run, wages do tend to index to inflation (timescale bigger than 30 years). And inflation is a tax we vote on, its just voted on indirectly. We elect the people who appoint the central bankers, or those who allow the central bankers to pursue what policy they see fit.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:32:17
That exact system already existed when police and fire departments were first invented, and that exact system failed miserably for more than a few reasons:
1. competing companies would famously fight each other as buildings burned down for the right to put out the fire and get the money
2. if you couldn't pay up front, then the fire didn't get put out. Then the fire spread, and what would have been a simple fire in one house became a fire engulfing the neighborhood.
3. poor people, or immigrants, or others who were unaware of the requirements didn't pay and then their shit burned down. when their shit burned down, it either spread to others or dragged down the property values of the neighborhood, harming everyone else.
That system has been tried and did not work. That's why they were made public in the first place.
People don't live in a vacuum, but the anarchist utopia basically assumes they do. Those opinions are beyond naive, they're ignorant of human activity, purposefully ignorant of the social nature of humans and how one's actions can affect the others, they're ignorant of history, and they're economically laughable.
I'm done debating this with you, I believe we've made our points and neither is going to agree with the other. Good conversation though.
@_date: 2015-01-06 16:22:36
You wouldn't need $10bn.
What you would do is make using bitcoin as a means of payment illegal and punishable by rather severe fines or prison time. That would drive bitcoin underground. Businesses would no longer advertise that they accept bitcoin as a payment, companies developing POS systems would stop doing so, and innovation would slow dramatically. Most people would not use it out of fear of punishment, and you could increase that fear via a PR campaign saying that bitcoin is used by human traffickers and terrorists to fund their activities (assuming you really, really wanted to spend your $10bn budget). 
With bitcoin being underground and illegal, widespread adoption would never take place. You haven't killed bitcoin, but you've guaranteed that it will never become big, which is essentially the same thing from the state's perspective. 
I guess if you were super zealous you could use your $10bn to fund a simultaneous PR campaign and to hire hackers to go around doing damage to prominent bitcoin exchanges and advocacy websites. But I don't think either of those things are necessary. Simply making bitcoin illegal and making the punishments for its use scary would be enough to guarantee that mass adoption by the average user would never take place.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:15:29
That isn't how FRB works.
Let's say the bank has a 10% reserve ratio, for ease of maths.
You deposit $1000. The bank then loans out $900 of that $1000, leaving the other $100 in its coffers. As far as your money is concerned, that's as far as it goes. The $900 loan is at say 5% interest. The bank pays you 1% interest, and pockets the 4% difference as its profit. As long as you don't come demanding full repayment tomorrow, then the bank can use the interest payments generated from its loans to make money and loan out to other people. It works until there's a run on the bank, when everyone who has a deposit wants their cash out, now. But that's why banks have reserve ratios - like I said, their sizing matters - and that's why certain countries have deposit insurance and other things to prevent that. In the end, however, the bank only has two assets: the $100 reserve fund, and the income stream from its loans. It didn't "invent" money. If banks could invent money, they would never become insolvent or go out of business - they'd just invent more money.
Your example is an inaccurate example. I know why you said it, because the anti-FRB argument goes [like this]( But it's a stupid argument, because it doesn't make sense. Using that picture, for example: the bank takes $1k and then loans $900 to someone who, apparently, just deposits it back in the bank. The person applying for the $900 loan and depositing it back in the bank is an idiot, because, as above, they're paying 5% interest on that $900, but by depositing it they're only gaining 1% interest. They are signing up for a loan so that they can lose money. It would make zero business sense for a bank to loan you money so that you can deposit that loan back in the banking system.
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:57:00
There's no way to phase that system in. You want all taxes made voluntary. How do you do that, without scrapping the entire obligatory tax system?
You also only responded to my claim that its a utopian pipe dream, and ignored the freeloader issue.
@_date: 2015-01-09 18:16:54
What you think they should do and what they are doing are two different things. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:38:46
A lot of the CDN is impacted by the USD, which has generally strengthened this year, although that strength has been offset by weakness in several major trading partners who are pursuing QE - Japan, EU. 
If Canada's major trading partner has a stronger currency, the CDN will weaken relative to it. Not sure how much of your troubles are oil based and how many are foreign developments. Do you have a link or anything about that?
@_date: 2016-03-23 16:57:52


Bonds go up when interest rates go down. They are inversely correlated. Given the low interest rate environment, it is to be expected that bond prices have gone up - and it is inevitable that, eventually, they will come back down. Whether or not that causes a crash, who knows.
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:03:58
It appears OP lost his appetite for posting, so we may never know.
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:23:59
Agreed. There's lots of ways to sell it. 
Bitcoin might be impossible to fully eradicate, but it would be very easy to keep it from ever becoming mainstream.
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:49:17
A voluntary method would also result in freeloaders. For example, those who volunteer to pay for the national defense would be paying to protect others who choose not to do so. Those who pay to clean up an oil spill in a river would be paying for everyone else whose life is impacted by that water, be it from drinking or fishing or even property values. Things like the police, or fire departments, or other things that were historically private and then made public because of how badly the private enterprises function are also excellent examples of why a voluntary, pay-for-service model just doesn't work in a large society.
I think that model is far from practical. It's utopian, born of theoretical economics that assumes that all people act rationally and in their best interest. They don't.
@_date: 2015-01-30 22:38:28
1. "Seigniorage" (no idea why you keep misspelling it) is the profit that whomever prints the money makes by printing it. For example, if the cost of printing 1 US dollar (in terms of the raw materials of the paper, and the cost of running the printing machine) is 5 cents, then the seigniorage made is 95 cents. It has nothing to do with inflation, or economic growth. It's the difference between the cost of making a unit of money and the market value of said money, once made.
2. Inflation is not quantified by the expansion of the money supply divided by gross domestic product. Your 35% math, therefore, is incorrect. QE did expand the money supply, but so far has not contributed much to inflation at all - inflation is still at historic lows. As for saving in a mattress vs putting it to work (either in the stock market, or in other forms of investment), that's what an inflationary environment incentivizes people to do. Hence my comment on deflation.
3. You don't know what deflation is. Saying things so wrong that nobody else says them doesn't make you a visionary. A zero-inflationary environment is one in which the rate of increase in the money supply matches the increase / decrease in the demand for said money. In such a scenario, parking your money in a mattress won't make you any money, but it won't cost you any money, either. A deflationary environment, by contrast, rewards hoarding money. If you can buy a TV for $1000 today, but you know you can also buy it for $950 in 2 months, you might wait two months. It's not certain, but it's likely, at least for luxury / non-essential goods. And consumption of those kinds of goods drives a lot of today's economic growth.
Stop defending what you said, you're just wrong. If you want to learn more, go read up on economics (ideally, read up on it from a place that isn't trying to push bitcoin on everyone, and isn't die-hard Austrian).
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:12:37
Because anyone who borrows can pay it off? And even if it was a system of perpetual debt, why would that be bad, economically speaking?
@_date: 2015-01-09 17:35:23
The article pretends that the deficit must be fixed, this year, and then operates from a series of stupid assumptions to balance the budget. "Let's seize all of Hollywood's money!" instead of "economic growth over the next 5 years will raise tax revenues until the deficit is gone." It is intended to show that debt levels in the US are catastrophic and just so humongous that the only possible outcome is default or economic collapse, or both. There are more options than Mad Max'ing the planet, and those alternatives (higher growth, tax reform, reducing spending) are far more likely to take place than the US collapsing.
By "borrowing costs" I mean "Treasury borrowing costs", and that cost is at historic lows because the world's investors, despite the fearmongering in articles such as these, still see US debt as highly desirable instruments. As for the rest of your reply - that growth is somehow illusory - feel free to find a way to contradict data.
@_date: 2016-03-30 03:44:18
Some guy on the internet flippantly said a bitcoin is worth $2,000, and I see no reason to doubt this. To the moon!
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:34:44
I like how your post is getting downvoted. I guess some people just don't want to see things that they disagree with, even when those things are historical facts.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:51:51
"Tax is theft" is yet another talking point devoid of substance. Tax is not theft. If you do not want to pay taxes, there are avenues available to you to avoid them, both legal and extralegal. Theft is when someone shows up and demands payment for their own benefit. Taxes are also a demand for payment, but you get lots of things in return - roads, schools, electricity, clean water, breathable air. And you have a say in how much taxes you pay, via elections. The fact that other people outvote you doesn't mean you are being robbed. It means you're either wrong or you're living in the wrong place.
Inflation is indeed a tax. But it also helps the middle and lower classes, who tend not to have a lot of money tucked away under their mattresses or in bank accounts. It lowers the real burden of their debts, for starters. Wages have, historically, risen with inflation.
@_date: 2015-05-07 14:55:17
Double-entry bookkeeping helped fuel the industrial revolution. The invention of central banks funded the wars which created the modern-day centralized, non-feudal state. The gold standard, and its eventual successor the floating-rate system of today, helped to create an explosion in world trade which would come to lift millions, if not billions, out of poverty. The idea of joint-stock companies helped create everything from the East India company to the Hudson Bay company to IBM. 
So, we're comparing things that impacted hundreds of millions of people and influenced the direction of world history to bitcoin, which has existed for ~5 years.
This may not be an AP post, but it is just as breathless in its hype and just as lacking in actual critical analysis.
@_date: 2015-05-07 15:48:44
When I think about the pyramids, I sigh. Just like our woods-traipsing youtuber here.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:24:33
OP said that he wanted a time of best republicness and no central bank. I am still curious to see when, exactly, that was. Because like I said, the first central bank was started in early 1791.
@_date: 2016-01-13 01:37:06
The same thing is said about pyramid schemes. Bitcoin isn't a pyramid scheme, but statements like this make people think it is.
@_date: 2014-10-14 21:03:07
My personal favorite is "I've taken the value of all monetary transactions, divided that number by the number of bitcoins, and have concluded that bitcoin should reach $17 million per coin by 2018. I say 2018 because, by that time, it is a certainty that inflation and economics will destroy all other  existing world currencies."
@_date: 2016-03-25 13:41:56
I don't think stagflation is a likely outcome, because we know how to fix it. Paul Volcker hiked interest rates as high as 25% in the late 70s / early 80s, ushering in a recession but fixing the inflation problem.
Low growth and low inflation ("Stagnation"?) seems more likely, if we're talking worst case scenarios.
@_date: 2015-05-02 16:16:43
They might exist, but there probably aren't many of them. Bitcoin isn't big enough to matter, and as I've said before the most-commonly-argued funders (the big banks) actually stand to make more money from a developed bitcoin ecosystem, and so they're unlikely to be funding anything.
The problem is that too many people in this sub see a criticism or something negative and then shout "troll!" as an attempt to de-legitimize whatever was just said, without having to respond to it. It fuels the "us vs them" mentality (not to mention the cult stereotype) and stifles discussion. 
I've been called a "paid shill" here many times, and every time it's just some bitcoiner who is angry that I think deflation might be a problem, or who doesn't like that I think fiat isn't going to be destroyed by a bitcoin revolution. It's stupid, and people need to stop being so intellectually lazy.
@_date: 2014-07-26 13:57:01
Got it. Let's say there's then a dispute. I have my contract, what do I do to relate it to the digest on the blockchain?
@_date: 2015-01-19 17:54:29
How often would you say you get compliments on how edgy you are?
@_date: 2014-06-24 01:37:15
My terminology is not clear, I apologize. By "optional purchase" I mean something not required by the necessities of daily life. An optional purchase, in my parlance, would be a significant expenditure which would have to be planned and budgeted for months if not years.
For example: In a bitcoin economy, everyone would still spend bitcoin buying bread. However, if IBM were deciding whether or not to build a new manufacturing facility that cost 100,000 BTC, it would take deflation into account.
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:07:31
That helped, and then Putin forced all multinationals to start buying more rubles than they previously were, which helped stabilize things further. It hurts those companies and their shareholders, but that is the nature of capitalism in Russia today. He told them they have until May (or March, can't remember) to rebalance their forex portfolios such that the % of rubles they own in May is equal to the % of rubles they owned at the start of October. Most smart companies had been getting out of rubles as it collapsed, so forcing them to start buying again helped stabilize things.
@_date: 2015-01-09 16:03:15
Yeah exactly. There's plenty of reasons to be optimistic about bitcoin and many reasons to want to buy it. We shouldn't have to resort to fear-mongering and oversimplification to make that case. The other reasons are more than sufficient.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:43:31
- Public perception hasn't changed, most people in the general public still think it's a weird internet thing which is inherently unsound. The collapse of Mt Gox and the Feds crashing Silk Road didn't do it any favors. The average person does not have a positive view of bitcoin, because a lot of the news about bitcoin is either its gigantic price swings, people getting caught doing illegal things with it, or scams.
- Tremendous price volatility scares off both traditional investors and those who might use it for purchases. 
- Most people who know about it don't need another way to pay for their everyday purchases. Credit cards and cash work for the large majority of the West, which is where bitcoin is the most visible and easiest to purchase. Those who could really use it - those who use international xfers, or those without access to developed banking systems - don't know about it nearly as much as those who don't need it. 
- The technical difficulty / annoyance of buying BTC. Most people are not willing to go through the steps (even though it is, admittedly, far easier now than it was just two or three years ago) to buy BTC, especially when the related sites require personal identification of some sort.
@_date: 2015-01-21 22:52:05
I don't see that happening, and I don't think that the freeloaders problem is just a minor side effect. I think the freeloaders problem is a deal-breaking problem. I don't think that people, in aggregate, are as rational and self-controlled as they'd have to be in order for such a society to work. I think if you repealed the funding for say the police department in a small town, very few people would pay and the result would be vigilante justice (if such a thing can be called justice).
I think there's a reason why we have the structures we have today, and its because there are benefits to those structures (and not just to those at the top).
But we will have to disagree on this one, I think.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:30:18
I don't think the Bitcoin currency is as unique as people think. Currencies have been based on group acceptance, as opposed to government mandate, many times in the past. They've been produced in a decentralized manner many times as well, and they've been made of things with near-zero utility value (meaning they serve no useful purpose other than as a currency) before: the classic example is marks on sticks, which was a currency in England for many years.
The thing I'm getting at is that people who criticize the Bitcoin currency aren't saying anything about the bitcoin network. When Warren Buffet said he thought Bitcoin the currency was a bad investment, people in this sub hopped all over it as a sign that he's a stupid old man who doesn't know anything about technology. What they failed to understand is that he wasn't saying anything about technology. He was criticizing Bitcoin the currency, not bitcoin the network.
The network is undoubtedly powerful, has many uses, and great potential. The currency we can judge using what we already know about currencies. Critics of the currency aren't invalidating the technology, which is truly the interesting aspect of bitcoin.
Honestly we should probably rename the network too, to something which doesn't include "coin" and make people conflate things. Bittrack or something. Bitledger.
@_date: 2015-05-12 18:40:04
NASDAQ is using it for their pre-IPO program, which is for trading shares in companies before they go public. Trading in these shares is usually not allowed (because transferring shares very quickly becomes a SEC issue, with related compliance, company filing, and oversight issues), but sometimes people want to sell and buy them anyway. So, they hire lawyers, and lawyers invent clever ways around the prohibition. I don't know what those are exactly, but I would guess they are effectively legal IOU's or derivatives which are designed to transact a future share at a future price.
Right now, every pre-IPO trade is effectively a bespoke transaction - the lawyers for the buyers and sellers each get together, write up their clever loophole contract, and that's that. As you might expect, doing so involves paying lawyers, and lawyers are expensive. 
What NASDAQ has announced it is doing is using the blockchain to verify ownership and transactions. They further added that the blockchain will help them use the lawyers less. Right now, every time someone trades a pre-IPO share, lawyers write up the loophole allowing for the trading of the share, and then also have to write up confirmations that the ownership of said loophole has changed hands. After the blockchain, they won't need to write up the ownership confirmation. 
Lawyers will still be needed to invent the transacted instrument (the thing that allows them to skirt prohibitions on trading pre-IPO shares), but they won't be needed to verify who owns what. Well, unless someone goes to court over it.
tl;dr fewer lawyers.
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:12:50
That is indeed an interesting criticism of how the bitcoin network works. How would incentives be created for other "apps" to be built, powered by the same network?
@_date: 2014-06-27 16:12:10
The European Central Bank was recently granted power to assist troubled banks both within the Eurozone and within countries trying to get into the Eurozone, a category which includes Bulgaria. The ECB has more than enough funds at its disposal to save a few Bulgarian banks. On top of that, there are other EU-level structures intended to help countries transition into the Eurozone. 
So, unless we're predicting a Bulgarian banking crisis which is inexplicably greater in scale than the ECB's capacity and that of the other mechanisms - which would be impressive, considering the much more severe banking problems the EU has survived since 2008 - there is quite literally no cause for concern for depositors.
@_date: 2016-03-25 16:07:44
It would impact bond markets which is why the recession happened under Volker. It wouldn't impact the Fed though, since they would only incur a paper loss. They aren't going to be selling their holdings.
@_date: 2016-03-04 19:30:13
oh good point, i didn't know the brand name of the cards they use. Thanks for pointing that out.
@_date: 2016-03-22 17:32:08
I was making fun of how stupid the article is. He strings together nonsense, using scary buzzwords and angry phrasing, to try and persuade the ignorant to his uninformed point of view.
Did he say kill puppies? No. lol.
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:32:08
"intrinsic value" is a term derived from economics. Outside people don't like how it sounds because they don't like how it sounds, but within economics, they know exactly what it means. "Real value" is another term that has a clear definition in economics but has a different meaning in the public mind.
If I were to define it, I'd say "uses beyond that of being money." With "money" defined as the traditional 3 roles - store of value, medium of exchange, unit of account.
@_date: 2016-03-23 00:08:29
Yes, this is true. The same thing was attempted in Japan (hence my "innovative programs"). However, in Japan, they didn't move much of the debt to their new vehicle, and they didn't fund it very well either because a lot of the debt was denominated in foreign currencies.
In the US, they moved the debt to the Fed's balance sheet. This is worrisome, but not catastrophic, because the Fed has stated it intends to hold those instruments to maturity. So while a commercial bank might write off a non-performing mortgage after a year and send it to collections, the Fed can afford to just sit and wait until repayments begin. Obviously that won't happen for all of those loans, but the Fed has much more leeway than private banks do. 
And in the meantime, the losses the Fed incurs on those loans are more than made up by its other investments. Its stakes in major banks, acquired as part of the bailout agreements, have allowed it to remit a profit to Treasury for several years.
So, yes, they're not "gone", but they are pretty effectively quarantined. Japan never did that effectively. That's the biggest difference between the two approaches, in my opinion.
If you're interested in the Japanese situation, Gillian Tett's book on the subject is quite good.
@_date: 2016-03-01 02:10:04
@_date: 2016-03-22 15:14:10
There's no way this qualifies as "great." It's breathless conspiratorial bullshit. Here, I'll give it a shot:
What's a rhetorical question? What is rhetoric, anyway, other than a *meaningless* phrase invented by **old corrupt men** to deceive us! Here's a chart of some stuff. *HYPERINFLATION*. Does anybody realize the insanity? The economy is the Titanic, only everyone can see the iceberg and our captains (Bernanke and his corrupt **pals**) are purposefully steering us right toward it, anyway! What is **monetary easing**?! I don't know, and I bet *you don't either!* That means it's bullshit, meant to destroy our economy and **kill our puppies!** When will people *open their eyes?!* Here's a chart.
This analysis brought to you by zerohedge.
@_date: 2015-01-19 15:44:34
Neither bitcoin nor the Fed are ponzi schemes. And neither is fractional reserve banking, which (by the way) is fully possible and probably economically desirable in a bitcoin world. FRB is the backbone of all commercial banking, and has been, for hundreds of years.
Also your definition of ponzi scheme sucks. A ponzi scheme is when one person promises guaranteed returns to a set of investors, and then obtains that return by soliciting funds from a different set of investors. The second set is also promised a certain return, which is obtained by soliciting funds from a new round of investors, and so on and so on. The Fed does not promise everyone a set return on their investment, neither do FRB banks, and neither does bitcoin.
tl;dr people mis-use "ponzi scheme" all the time because they don't know what it means, but they do know that it's bad. I don't understand why has such a hardon against FRB either. It's the position of financial luddites.
@_date: 2014-08-01 11:57:47
I think that calculation is a little unrealistic. When they sell out of those things, and other tangible real-world goods like cars, or cell phones, or gold, that will depress the value of fiat currencies while bitcoin rises as a result.
Let's do some math:
4 million users today. Let's assume that grows exponentially every year. By 2019, that should mean that 7 billion people use bitcoin. 7 billion would be about 90% of the world population then, so multiply 90% by global GDP. Today's GDP is $45 trillion, but because the dollar will fall in value as everyone sells everything and prostitutes themselves in an attempt to buy btc, it is reasonable to assume that global GDP in 2019 will be $200 trillion. 
Multiply $200 trillion by 90% (the % of world btc users) and you get $180 trillion. Divide that by ~15 million coins in existence, and you get a value of almost $12 million per coin in 2019.
tl;dr $12 million is a more reasonable figure.
@_date: 2016-01-03 23:31:37
I started my response with that because your take on what you term "neo-luddites" is predicated on the existence of people who are purely anti-technology, for no reason other than they don't like technology. Such people aren't Luddites, or neo-Luddites, because what made a Luddite was the broader context I mentioned. They probably don't even exist; I've yet to meet anyone who was genuinely anti-technology simply because they feared technology.
@_date: 2016-03-23 03:46:18


A lot of people. That's what the economic models pre-2008 failed to account for. Academia generally (Bernanke's thesis excepted) thought that people would refuse to take loans at 0%, because after all, you're better off parking it in your mattress. But it turns out that other people are willing to take those loans - and in the EU, will to take negative rate bonds - because of a variety of factors:
1. They're required to invest their money by pension fund rules; pension funds are among the biggest investors in the world. Also, in the same category, they might be required to invest only in AAA rated assets. Particularly in the depths of the crisis, only sovereign debt met that AAA rating while also being liquid enough to absorb large inflows of investor money without significantly moving the price.
2. They anticipate deflation, so a euro today is worth more than a euro tomorrow. Hence a negative-rate bond is economically viable.
3. Who knows why. Market fear? Patriotism? Coercion?
You've hit on a very interesting point though. Academia agreed with you for 30 years. 2008 proved them wrong, and honestly they're still trying to figure out why.
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:18:09
You'd still need realtors (because they'd help you find what you want, in your price range, and histories wouldn't necessarily be on the blockchain), a home inspector, a lawyer (because even if it is handled via blockchain, you need legal documents that the state accepts to prove your ownership), and a loan officer (because you'll still need a loan, and the bank will want to check you out first).
I can see the blockchain handling the transferring of ownership. I can see it acting as a mechanism that does away with the closing date ceremony (because both banks and individuals can see that the funds are present, and in escrow, via the blockchain). I think it is completely unrealistic to expect that a home's laundry list of repairs are on the blockchain - and for big repairs, wouldn't an owner try to hide that? - and you'll still need offline things (the contract, the lawyer, the home inspector) to verify everything's good.
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:11:13
He has the economic Nobel. What are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:55:22
I would stay away from the 08 crash, because the things that went into it are gigantic, systemic, and numerous, so it is false to claim that changing one factor would change the course of history.
The reason I asked the question - how bitcoin deals with crisis - is because I see it, in operation, acting very much like the gold standard. Without going into specifics, the gold standard was a very unstable system which relied on workers taking pay cuts in times of economic distress. When they became unwilling to take those cuts - the rise of union bargaining and the expansion of suffrage - democracies took alternate routes toward macroeconomic adjustment.
When I see a monetary system without the ability to adjust and be flexible, then I grow skeptical. History has shown repeatedly that the more inflexible the system, the shorter its lifespan.
@_date: 2014-05-08 15:53:22
What do you mean by "whole ugly truth"? The causes of the financial crisis have been and will continue to be explained ad infinitum. 
As for your second paragraph, you are citing a standard moral hazard argument. Nobody claims that TARP and the other bailouts were "right" in a moral sense, or desirable, or a great choice. They are only defended as "necessary" given the circumstances. That's all I'm saying, and all anyone else I've seen says.
@_date: 2014-03-27 15:08:21
I think there are many reasons to talk about the Bitcoin currency. I can't see why we shouldn't. But yes the true strength of the technology is the technology itself, not this particular application.
@_date: 2016-01-12 12:15:15
I feel like "pay me £10 and I'll give you £5 back" feels more scammy than "here's how to use Circle."
@_date: 2016-03-23 03:40:02
My personal take on China is that they're engaged in a war against economic fundamentals, particularly their exchange rate, but are also singularly capable of maintaining that war for far longer than anyone expects. The UK gave up after a couple of months in 1992, while China not only has a trillion (or had a trillion) USD, but can coerce the "private" sector there to do its bidding. Hence you see the stories, ripped from a 1929 headline, of Chinese companies getting together to pool their resources to buy their stocks and prop them up. For the CCP, economic growth is an existential question, and there are a lot of CCP members willing to do what it takes to stay where they are.
The question for China is, in my opinion, two fold:
1. Will they sustain the fight long enough to get to a soft landing, or
2. How much damage will their linking of everything to this one gigantic bet cause, if it fails?
I do love discussions on market structure, especially about the role of central banks. I think people tend to vastly overstate their level of independence, generally. There are international relations scholars who have based their entire careers on the concept that war led to a centralized state; I would counter that central banks financed those wars. Without central banks, there is no army to fight the war, and there can be no centralized state. The two are intertwined, so to expect a central bank to operate truly independently of contemporary events or politics is a delusion.
Upon reading your post I think I am in agreement with you, but stating it another way. Let me know what you think. Great idea though, I really like it.
@_date: 2017-02-02 16:04:34


No, they're not. Nobody bought T-Bills at .25% expecting the rate to keep dropping, and that's all the more true now that the Fed has already begun to raise rates and signals that it will continue to do so. Same goes for Europe.


This is the conventional pre-2008 economic logic. What it fails to realize is the combination that I listed above, especially the impact of deflation. Especially in Europe, investors are buying the bonds because they expect deflation (which effectively boosts their low returns), but they also do it for the other reasons I listed.
@_date: 2016-01-13 17:44:43
My second sentence says "bitcoin isn't a pyramid scheme." We agree.
@_date: 2016-01-16 06:40:05
If bitcoin is a valid project then his objections won't matter. Bitcoin doesn't require you to protect it by creating "MIKE IS DEVIL NOW" posts. This kind of post is not only lazy, but overdone.
I'm not a technical guy, I have only a basic understanding of how bitcoin works. I'm here mostly to debate the economics of it, and it's been fun for more than a few years now. But my god, you guys are on a witchhunt against some guy I've never heard of before - who probably, by the history i've read in the last 1-2 days, knows how bitcoin works better than almost all of you - and it's ridiculous to watch the witch-hunt.
So he wants out. Who cares? So he thinks its done. Who cares? If bitcoin is valid it will survive without him. If bitcoin can really be crushed by one guy with a blog post taking a new job and selling $80k worth of bitcoins, then the project was never going to work anyway. We don't need all these 'THE TRUTH OF MIKE IS OUT' posts. They make this place look like scientologists trying to discredit people leaving scientology.
@_date: 2016-01-06 14:33:55
The fact that you're getting downvoted reflects the general knowledge of economics in this sub. You are completely right that the banking system in Switzerland would reach a complete halt as all private loans get immediately called in (if that's even legally possible; we're talking about the forced repayment of mortgages, car loans, credit card balances, etc). The entire economy would collapse.
I am not sure why Switzerland keeps doing these strange referendums. They had one a couple years ago that would have forced the central bank to hold X% of its assets in gold. Had they passed that one, the central bank would have lost 30-40% on its investment by today, given the decline in gold values.
@_date: 2015-05-02 17:48:15
You have no idea what you're talking about. If I could get paid for trolling reddit, I'd happily do it. Unfortunately I'm paid to do other things - you know, my day job - and being here arguing economics is a way of assuaging my boredom there while practicing my debating skills.
If you actually read my posts, you'd see someone who is moderately pro-bitcoin (and I actually do own ~4 coins, last I checked). I don't think it will destroy the world financial system, but I also don't think it's going away any time soon. All I argue with are people who don't know the economics, people who are interested in macro econ / central banking (something I wrote my masters thesis on, incidentally), and people who think bitcoin will usher in an anarchist utopia free of all government where the only national holidays are the birthdays of Ayn Rand and Hayek. I like arguing ideas, and that's what I generally do here. You won't see me shitting on the blockchain or trying to argue that the network is inherently fallible.
But by all means, keep your baseless label if you want. Irrational beliefs can't be countered by rational argument.
@_date: 2015-05-11 18:46:15
I don't know if NASDAQ has released info on how they plan to use it, but I could very easily see them running their own blockchain, with their computers running the verification process (along with whoever else wants to join - clients?), without any bitcoin at all. They'd just be running a bitcoin-less blockchain, because there's no need to incentivize themselves to run it.
@_date: 2016-01-13 13:28:38
It's really not a pyramid scheme.
A pyramid scheme requires that the guy at the apex gets paid directly by the people below him. They get paid by the people below them, who get paid by the people below them, on and on. The purpose of the pyramid scheme is to channel money up the rungs until the guy at the apex is very, very rich. And usually they sell worthless trinkets, the value of which is derived from their ability to sell more of them to the next rung of the pyramid. To entice those people in, promises of quick riches (like this tweet, hence my comment) are given.
Bitcoin isn't a pyramid scheme because it doesn't have hierarchies; it doesn't have the pyramid structure. I can buy a bitcoin from anyone I want. When I do so, the seller doesn't pay a % of the sale up the chain - and that is the critical and defining aspect of a pyramid scheme. Furthermore, bitcoins aren't worth something solely because of the speculators and people hoping to make money off it later. They have utility outside of that. Even if all speculators dumped tomorrow, bitcoins would still be worth something.
Bitcoin, to a lot of people, feels like a pyramid scheme because "pyramid scheme" (and "Ponzi scheme") are generic terms used by the public for "something financial i think might be shady." It's neither of those things. At worst, it is a classic pump and dump. But given that Satoshi has never engaged in the dump part of the pump and dump, I find that theory unlikely.
@_date: 2016-01-19 04:49:14
It's not about small economies, it is about debt levels. A country with large, unpayable debts (assuming they are denominated in the local currency) would be wise to print money, because although inflation will hurt, it lowers the real debt burden. You suffer for a few years until the debt is gone, and then you implement tight monetary policy and aim for growth again. It beats suffering for years and years as you barely make minimum debt service payments.
@_date: 2016-01-19 15:09:06
Some do, most don't. Investors also like having access to New York / London bond law. But like Argentina for example is issuing locally-denominated and local-law bonds now.
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:31:58
Ah, you are correct. New York has always been an unusual situation regarding bank regulation, because banks typically want to have a branch in New York so as to gain access to the New York Fed, which is the biggest and largest Fed branch. As a result of being physically in New York, they fall under New York state banking law, which is where Lawsky comes into play. This dynamic also has weird implications for bond law - please refrain from shooting yourself, it's not that boring and I will make this brief - because bonds issued at the New York exchanges fall under New York state law, so the New York legislature could write changes into state laws which have massive, global ramifications. The recent Supreme Court ruling about Argentina's defaulted bonds, for example, were concerned with a mix of New York state law and federal sovereign immunity law, because the bonds were issued in Manhattan.
I will amend my statement to say that the voters of New York State elected him, then. I will point out that he is still certainly not acting in a vacuum without approval from federal authorities.
@_date: 2016-01-03 19:13:36
This is actually going to change soon, because over Christmas the Congressional spending budget said that medical marijuana (not recreational) will no longer be treated as a restricted substance by the Feds. That means that medical-only establishments can use the banking system, because it is no longer illegal on a federal basis for banks to handle those transactions.
It's a pretty big deal because it's a law, not an executive order. That makes it harder to reverse. Thus far the only reason that medical / recreational stores in states like Colorado haven't been cracked down on is because Obama told Justice not to do so. A new president could change that policy overnight, unilaterally.
@_date: 2016-01-19 04:38:41
Yep. In such a situation, they'd be better off using Greek-denominated fiat, provided they can exit the EU without assuming euro-denominated debt. And even if they can't exit the EU without assuming euro-denominated debt, they'd be pretty idiotic to switch to a currency which is purposefully deflationary. 
Props to you sir for knowing the basics of macro econ. Too many people don't.
@_date: 2016-01-03 22:10:44
This article mis-represents what Luddites were about. They weren't anti-technology because they feared technology, they were anti-technology because technological advances had destroyed their livelihood. In addition, the lifestyle of the factory worker (the new operator of the textile industry) was diametrically opposed to the traditionally British, small-village way of life. They were further worried about the Dickensian environments that rapid industrialization caused in England, in addition to the severing of traditional social ties that had kept families and their neighbors in the same villages for centuries. Removed from that social safety net as they moved into factory towns like Manchester and Birmingham, many people turned to alcohol abuse - so much so that it led to a public health crisis, a temperance movement, and the creation of the British "neighborhood pub" as a way to encourage men to drink beer (not gin; bootleg gin was poisoning many and was also higher alcohol content than beer) in a public place, so as to re-establish those social ties.
My point is, industrialization and indeed the rise of capitalism was not an easy, or even a natural market-driven affair. At least in England, the state intervened repeatedly to quash worker rebellions, fought the Luddites, and had to deal with peasant revolts for almost a hundred years after Enclosure, arguably the start of private property rights, began. Before Enclosure, landlords had traditionally let their tenants share a common land (the "Commons", still in use today primarily in the phrase "public commons") for grazing of their cattle. Landlords, armed by state-sponsored land surveys, decided they could enclose (hence the name) that commonly-used land and charge rent for it. The peasants, understandably upset by the reversal of hundreds of years of traditional arrangement, in addition to being made impoverished by having to pay rent on something that had previously been free, revolted. Only the intervention of the state kept multiple peasant rebellions from taking over the country.
There is nothing new with people being worried about technological progress leading to social instability. If anything, they're usually more right than wrong. Who knows how the rise of robots will affect the day to day life of the average working person in 30 years?
The solution to this problem is mitigation. In England, they enacted the Poor Laws, which at one point provided a guaranteed minimum income to every English citizen, in an attempt to make sure that workers displaced by progress didn't starve on the streets. In the US, the Great Depression almost turned the country socialist, and FDR's New Deal was as much about preserving capitalism by quelling discontent as it was an attempt to help the sick and elderly. The first beneficiaries of Social Security were veterans and their widows; the same veterans had camped on the National Mall in 1932 demanding a bonus for their WWI service, in no small part because of the economic downturn.
There's always a balance to be struck. In the long run, technological progress does lead to increases in standard of living and health. But in the short run, as with any rapid economic change, many people lose out and social orders are disrupted. That disruption can be minor or it can lead to violent revolution. The key is to find a way to minimize the social disruption while allowing a large amount of technological progress. It's not binary; it's not all one or the other. We need a mix.
Anyway, this article was solely on the technological side and was downplaying the thoughts of the original Luddites, who had a very valid position. Of course, in the long run, the industrialization won out. But wouldn't England have been better if they had put in place, for example, an expansion in the Poor Laws such that the Luddites weren't driven to economic ruin by rapid industrialization? Surely avoiding 5 years of Luddite domestic terrorism and multiple decades of Dickensian development is preferable than gritting their collective teeth and getting on with it.
@_date: 2015-05-07 16:41:33
I didn't say a central authority was better. I said that merely getting to the point where a central authority controls the money supply is a huge innovation in the history of finance, and is therefore more important than the blockchain.
As for whether or not people are better off in today's centralized states, as opposed to the more fragmented / feudal ones which preceded them, who knows. That's not an easily answerable question.
@_date: 2015-05-06 20:03:41
Shadow banking does need appropriate regulation, although ideally it is simply requiring disclosure so everyone (not just the bankers) knows what's going on. Keeping transactions in dozens of black pools run by banks is a guaranteed way to create market frictions, preventing prices from reaching any equilibrium they might be able to reach. Shadow banking is disliked by the left because it is dark and opaque, and it should be disliked by free-market types because it adversely affects the functioning of the market.
Those pools benefit two groups - institutional investors, who don't want their orders known; and bankers, who like getting a cut of transactions and greatly enjoy trading their own market - and adversely affect everyone else, who doesn't know what the orders are and as a result can't know volume, price, or anything else they need to know.
@_date: 2016-03-04 12:38:58
Surprising that they didn't mention the biggest, which is Chinese citizens going to Hong Kong, buying things with credit, then returning those things to the store for cash, which can be in any denomination. Then they take the cash to a HK bank, open an account, and badabing they have an overseas bank account.
@_date: 2015-05-13 16:35:10
I'm pretty sure that what I'm getting are replies from IT people who don't like thinking of themselves as support staff and a cost center, which is exactly how big banks (and most companies generally) think of IT.
@_date: 2015-05-03 17:55:08
Some of those comments made me laugh, not going to lie.
Well, in any event, upvote mystery solved.
@_date: 2016-03-04 18:10:21
They don't necessarily take it back to the store they bought it from. Pawn shop type deals, or other stores that will just take the merchandise for a discount. And as the other poster mentioned, the merchant is in on it because they get a cut.
@_date: 2016-03-23 03:59:53
Make fun of the simplicity and hyperbolic nature of OP's article.
@_date: 2019-03-10 20:26:47
What a simple, quaint universe you must live in. A conspiracy around every corner, even buried in reddit threads on Andrew Jackson's motivations that will be read by about 30 people.
@_date: 2015-05-26 13:37:47
Nothing in the article about bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:20:54
"intrinsic" as in "has value beyond being money." If gold weren't used as an investment, it would still be used to make rings, in industrial applications, etc.
Bitcoin has zero intrinsic value. Beyond being a currency, it has no other conceivable utility, if only because it isn't physical. Paper dollars have more intrinsic value, because although they'd be worthless, you could at least burn them for warmth. "Commodity currency (coin)" is listed as having intrinsic value, I'm guessing, because most coins are made of a base metal, and said metal has some utility. In the US, for example, pennies are made of copper. If they were banned as currency tomorrow, you could at least melt them down and, I don't know, make some electrical wires or downspouts out of them or something.
@_date: 2016-01-07 14:25:02
They are exactly more market-oriented. They force investors in a company to pay for it if it goes under. That should encourage investors (and to a degree, depositors) to perform more diligence in selecting their investments, which should result in better corporate governance overall. Bail-ins completely avoid the moral hazard question of bailouts.
This particular scheme doesn't really bail-in all the liabilities of a financial institution. It only requires that 8% of its liabilities be met by its creditors and depositors before a bailout can take place. That's far from perfect, but requiring 8% is better than requiring nothing, which is what happened post-2008.
Dodd-Frank has a similar rule requiring that systematically important banks provide wind-down plans to the Fed. The idea here being that, in the event of another Lehman, Lehman tells the Fed how to unwind all its positions quickly, the Fed does so, and all of Lehman's shareholders / bondholders take a hit, but there is no bailout. That's the idea, anyway.
@_date: 2016-01-12 12:19:35
Depends on the 401k policy (most have restrictions on what you can and can't buy) and whether or not paying a ~20% premium on the market price of bitcoin is a wise investment policy. 
If you want to treat bitcoin as an investment, then go buy some and park it and forget about it for 15 years. Your 401k is probably not the best avenue for you to do this.
@_date: 2016-01-07 20:38:23
You raised some of the biggest problems. The chance of politicizing GMI - a politician promising to raise it by 5k as part of an election pledge, for example - is all but guaranteed in a democracy. The problem of immigration must be fixed as well, because obviously no country can take in everyone and pay them all the GMI.
Most of what I've seen for GMI doesn't make it comfortable - ie, not $30k - but more like poverty-level. Something like 12-15k a person, in the US. It's enough money that they can pay rent and have food to eat, but not enough money that they'll be watching high-definition television while eating bacon and drinking craft beer. And yeah, inflation would eat into that amount over time.
Practically and politically, GMI is completely unrealistic. You'd need it to be rolled out globally at the same time, because otherwise a large number of your high earners (which are the ones doing the paying) would just leave after their taxes get hiked. Furthermore, it is guaranteed that, like socialism, a country which adopts GMI while the rest of the world doesn't would fall behind economically, eventually making it vulnerable to military attacks while drawing away its most material-minded / ambitious. You'd also need to think about indexing the GMI to local conditions - 15k in NYC buys a lot less than 15k in rural Wyorming. And that reeks of 'unfair' in the minds of most people unversed in economics.
That said, the flat tax ideas which seem to surface from time to time include some form of a GMI, they just don't call it that. Almost every flat tax includes a guaranteed tax rebate equivalent to the poverty level which everyone qualifies for. Economically speaking, that's the same thing.
GMI is a pipe dream, but I've always liked the counter-intuitive economic logic of it, and the utopian aspect as well. 
@_date: 2019-03-10 20:55:37
You keep thinking you've proven something, but you haven't. Jackson made clear his opposition to the bank during his 1828 run, in part because of rumors that Biddle had supported his political opponents in 1824. Biddle at first treated Jackson as an incompetent amateur (a common view among the political establishment) and then, as Jackson took more concrete steps to cripple the BUS, Biddle turned openly antagonistic.
I applaud you for googleing something, but sometimes if you want to learn something you have to read a book.
@_date: 2016-01-07 18:57:12
Sorry, but this is super idealistic. You would need some sort of organization to ensure compliance, and you'd need to legislate what the correct profit % to be shared is. And you'd need oversight to make sure the companies don't lie about the profits the robots provide.
A guaranteed minimum income at least has the populist appeal going for it. This plan relies on the benevolence of large corporations. If you want to rely on that, you're setting yourself up for trouble. Look at any major oil company for a start.
@_date: 2016-01-06 04:53:09
I don't mean to dispute your list, but I would caution you not to underestimate the willingness and ability of China to fight off market difficulties. Even after the last two years of bleeding they have a probable trillion plus sitting in reserve at the central bank, and their ability to force "private" (as much as there is such a thing there) enterprises to buy stocks to prop up the market is also unique in the world, save Russia. They can weather a bad economic storm for a long time without truly collapsing. I wouldn't bet on a cataclysmic event in China, because they have the resources and certainly have the political will to fight. The West had resources but lacked the political will, which is what really forced various central banks to undertake QE. Had the West undertaken larger, overt stimulus, the covert (QE) option wouldn't have been taken by the central banks. There would have been no need.
To the CCP, economic performance isn't a political nicety, it is a matter of national security and is an existential threat. They will do everything in their power to keep the economy going at as close to their 7.5% a year target as they can. Given their resources, and their ability to marshal more by forcing private companies and SOE's to prop up markets, it is unlikely they collapse, at least from economic problems, any time soon.
@_date: 2016-03-23 04:02:36


Actually, post-2008, it didn't. The Eurozone is still struggling to boost lending, despite rates being near-zero if not negative for 5 years now. And in the US, low interest rates for many years did not lead to increased borrowing, but instead led to companies issuing very low-rate bonds (the interest payments on which are tax-deductible) whose proceeds were used to buy stocks and park profits in their bank accounts.
This is an example of what I was talking about. There's economic principle, and then there's economic reality. There are always mitigating factors and unforseen events.
@_date: 2016-01-07 19:24:30
It's an interesting problem for sure. Similar things were written in the 1950s, as people argued that the major problems of humanity (at least in the west) - hunger, water, housing - had largely been solved thanks to industrialization. At the time, prominent economists argued, reminiscent of today, that there would be no need for workers to keep working 40 hour weeks because they would begin to prioritize leisure time more than work time. George Jetson, for example, worked 3-4 hours a day because that's all he was required to do, and then he jetted (pun intended) home to spend time with his family. That is genuinely how people then thought the future would be. After all, who but a crazy person would keep working when their needs were already being met?
What they failed to anticipate was the rise of consumer culture, as fueled by advertising. They failed to anticipate that advertising would create new wants to replace the older, basic, ancient wants that industrial development had solved.
I personally think the robot thing is going to go the same way. I think something we don't understand yet is going to come along and keep people working, as depressing as that is. And there are some things robots simply won't be good at for a long time. Creative enterprises, from the production of entertainment to the design of buildings, remains something intuitive that is very hard to teach an artificial intelligence. 
Furthermore, I don't think humans, at this point, are benevolent enough to really have a society in which everyone gets a minimum income, or even one in which workers displaced by robots get compensated for that. Detroit autoworkers weren't compensated when NAFTA shipped their manufacturing jobs to Japan and Mexico. 
Anyway, I don't think utopia is around the corner, as much as I'd like it to be. It's an interesting thought problem, but I would bet that it will remain just that - hypothetical.
@_date: 2017-03-26 20:14:06
You could also respond by telling them what a Ponzi scheme is. People use "Ponzi scheme" to describe "This is something financial that I think is a scam" thanks to Madoff making it popular, but bitcoin is not a Ponzi scheme.
A ponzi scheme involves a central figure soliciting investments from people, and he promises a fixed (or at least very high) return on their investment. To give people their expected returns, he either lies his ass off in the reporting or, if they want to actually be paid out, he then goes and finds a second round of investors. He promises those investors the same returns, then uses their fresh money and pays it to the original round. When round 2 wants their money out, he solicits new money (round 3) and uses that money to pay off the prior ones. Eventually he runs out of fresh money to bring in, or the rate of redemptions skyrockets and he can't possibly raise enough to pay everyone who wants out (this is what sank Madoff).
Bitcoin doesn't work that way. There is no central figure promising a steady or high rate of return, and you're not depositing your money for a financial person to invest for you. You're putting your money directly into a financial product, most analogous to buying a share or commodity. When you want out, you are not paid off by an investment person soliciting new funds with lies. You are paid based on the market price of bitcoin.
Bitcoin isn't a Ponzi scheme because, simply, it doesn't meet the definition of a Ponzi scheme. The scam that bitcoin is closest to being is a pump and dump, but given that Satoshi hasn't (to my knowledge) sold his coins, we're either still in the "pump" phase (and Satoshi therefore has superhuman patience, or lost his keys) or it isn't a pump and dump. I think the second option is most likely.
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:53:37
Levine is talking about smart contracts and using the blockchain to transfer non-bitcoin assets. He's mentioned bitcoin before in other op-eds, so he's not some novice who is just now discovering the technology.
@_date: 2019-03-10 20:16:01
True, he argued against them on those grounds. And his anti-bank position appealed to rural farmers, who were convinced that the banks and urban areas were conspiring to make credit more expensive in springtime (when farmers borrow to buy seed) than the fall (when they repay the loans). But until Biddle started taking Jackson on politically, Jackson had said basically nothing about the central bank. Jackson's motivation was political, not ideological. He then found that it made for good politics, because the rural farmers liked it.
@_date: 2016-01-07 18:40:15


You complain that a guaranteed minimum income (which is not at all a new idea, by the way, it goes back centuries) would involve government-run redistribution, but are perfectly in favor of government-mandated private sector redistribution? You're telling those with sufficient capital to buy robots that they have to give x% of their profits to someone else. There's no difference between that and redistributive taxation. You'd still even need a government agency akin to the IRS to ensure compliance, because it is all but guaranteed that those with capital will not want to share their profits with those who didn't purchase or make the robots.
@_date: 2019-03-10 19:44:30
Fun fact: I've read biographies of Jackson, written by real scholars and historians, as opposed to youtubes created by conspiratorial neckbeards.
@_date: 2019-03-10 19:35:32
Jackson opposed the central bank because its then-governor campaigned against Jackson and had a public feud with him. There were also rumors that the bank had made donations to Jackson's competitors for the Presidency, both in his unsuccessful 1824 run and his successful one later. Jackson's opposition to the bank was based more in politics than an ideological position on central banking in general.
@_date: 2019-03-10 21:23:02
Go back to your youtube research, having a discussion about history is clearly not your strong suit.
@_date: 2019-03-11 17:19:22
I agree he is definitely a president of immense importance, all the more so given that he is traditionally seen as the first US populist, and the global rise in populism over the last 3-4 years makes studying his positions and rhetoric interesting. I first read Chernow's biography of him in 2017, right after Trump's election, because of all the talk comparing him to Jackson. 
I just like knowing the historical context. People tend to force historical figures to fit contemporary frameworks, but in so doing they miss out on a lot of context and nuance which is often of great importance. Jackson, for example, is mostly remembered today for supporting the genocide of the Cherokee and is thought of as an unrepentant racist - and there's pretty good evidence of that - but he also had an adopted Cherokee son whom he gave his last name to and raised as his own. That kind of nuance is what makes history interesting, not forcing historical figures to comport with our idea of what their positions and motivations should be.
@_date: 2016-03-22 17:23:20
Substantive arguments warrant substantive replies. This article is not substantive. It is hyperbole, strung together, along with the author being willfully ignorant.


This is a stupid straw man. Central banks lending to large banking institutions in an attempt to spur economy-wide lending is not analogous to you receiving free money from a bank. Sovereigns != people. The financial rules are different. Similar, but different. And anyway, several companies in Europe have been able to issue negative-interest-rate bonds, which are even more "fraudulent" (according to this author's made-up definition), without having to "report it to the tax man" as a gift. 


No, they're not, prima facie, fraud. The first strawman does not prove the second.


The author is either playing ignorant or is actually ignorant. "Quantitative easing" has been defined as a term for at least two decades in academia, and has been even further defined repeatedly by the press post-2008. Anyone with a basic understanding of monetary policy knows what "QE" means. And the same applies to the phrase "monetizing debt", which is used to describe the central bank using its power to print money to impact fiscal and debt issues. Simply stated, the central bank pursues an inflationary policy to lower the real debt burden incurred by its related sovereign.
So there's a few simple reactions. I don't have time / desire to actually do the entire article. It's not worth my time.
@_date: 2019-03-10 20:24:24
Of course they're his. And the date is 1834. Jackson first ran for president in 1824, and said basically nothing about the BUS. He changed his tune when Biddle started taking him on politically, which was during his 1828 run.
I'm not saying he was pro-BUS, I'm saying his motivation started as political payback. He then found it made for good politics because of rural farmers who were receptive to bank conspiracies due to changing prices of credit during planting vs harvest seasons.
@_date: 2019-03-10 20:14:01
"Neckbeard" is an epithet, not a commentary on his facial hair. It means the kinds of people who treat shallow youtube videos as definitive information on complex historical narratives.
@_date: 2017-01-31 15:16:20
I have yet to hear any major investor saying they're buying bonds at near-zero yields in the hopes that the yields fall further into negative territory in the short-term. If they were doing that, that would indeed be bubble behavior. But most of them buy sovereign debt at low rates out of a combination of forces, none of which are the expectation of a short-term quick profit. This is all the more true given that bond prices move inverse to their yields, compounded by the market bias against off-the-run debt. 
They're buying the debt because:
1. They have a lot of money and are required to invest in high-rated, safe assets. There's only so many places you can put a few hundred billion dollars without moving the market.
2. It's a hedge against future deflation.
3. Anemic economic growth in various places means there's not many private-sector alternatives anyway.
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:49:00
I agree, a lot of its value is derived from its non-financial uses, jewelry prime among them. It's also used in various industrial coatings, various electronic equipment, etc.
@_date: 2017-01-18 18:23:37
PBOC's involvement is part of a broader political strategy by the communist party to maintain its grip on power in China. Post-Xiaoping, the Party has legitimized its hold on power using 2 main rationales:
1. The country is big and is ethnically and religiously diverse. Without a strong controlling power at the center, the Party logic goes, the country will splinter apart and be left at risk of intervention by foreign powers in repeats of the Opium Wars or WWII.
2. Economic growth. Why, the Party asks, would you mess with the political system when it delivers 7% growth for 20 years? Along with this overall economic growth came a growth in Chinese incomes and with that an increase in Chinese consumption. The average Chinese citizen, the thinking goes, sees that their life is materially improving, so they tolerate the Party's monopoly on power.
Since the economic growth part of it has stalled lately due to the 08 crash, the CCP has pursued a several-pronged strategy to supplement plank 2. Those efforts are, broadly:
1. A new justification for the Party's legitimacy, resurgent Chinese nationalism. It appeals to national pride (and xenophobia), and puts the CCP as the defender of Chinese prestige abroad. Hence the belligerence in the South China Sea, attempts to develop satellite-killer missiles, and various public weapons platform announcements, which cover the gambit from a (shitty) aircraft carrier to nuclear submarines to new missile systems to new airplanes designed to combat the F-35, the top of the line US fighter. In a sense, the actual performance of these systems matters far less than the public perception of their performance, since these are really more about PR and burnishing the Party's image as a competent defender of China than they are about actually becoming a dominant global military power. The aircraft carrier, for example, is so old that it has had to be towed back into port a few times, and the length and shape of its deck is both antiquated and inadequate for today's modern jets. Despite that, they trumpet the carrier every chance they get.
2. Efforts to keep short-term growth high. Since the Party has justified its hold in large part on consistent and high economic growth, it needs to keep those numbers high by whatever means necessary. It can allow some declines but it can't allow too much. In the pursuit of this goal, the authorities have basically been pushing bubbles around different asset sectors in the economy. At first, the state relaxed lending standards, but that led to a massive property bubble and rising income inequality, so they got scared and re-tightened them later. Then they started encouraging investment in the stock market, thinking that mountains of money pouring into it would boost prices and help people think good things about the economy. That bubble grew and got to the point that they feared for broad systemic stability because of it, so they took efforts to lessen stock investments. Then those combined efforts led to a boom in non-bank lending in the so-called "shadow banking" sector; that bubble is still being dealt with at present. And along the way, Xi launched a broad-sweeping anti-corruption campaign to present the Party as defending the people's interest against corrupt officials. The people had protested when information of the vast wealth siphoned off by upper Party officials became public, so Xi acted. He also happened to pick only the corrupt officials which were his political opponents, but the PR of it is aimed at making the Party seem "legitimate" in the eyes of the public.
So, basically the authorities are playing whackamole with the economy. They need growth so they encourage one thing, then that thing gets too big and might drown everything else in an implosion, so they remove incentives to go into that sector. The result causes a slowdown, so they encourage another sector, and then spillover effects necessitate new interventions in new areas.
To finally respond to your point, the PBOC is intervening in the economy (along with the capital controls) to try and keep the RMB artificially high. Keeping the RMB high lowers economic export growth but encourages domestic consumption since Chinese consumers, buoyed by a high RMB, can purchase more goods with their currencies. This policy also has the side effect of making people happy, since they are able to purchase many things, as opposed to letting the RMB go back down to the market rate, which would lower their purchasing power.
Side note - this analysis is why Trump's take on Chinese trade policy is bogus. His statements rely on things that were true 3-4 years ago. Up until then, China had been keeping the RMB cheap to encourage exports and thereby obtain growth. But that model stopped applying when global trade cratered after the 08 crash - after all, if there is nobody willing to buy your products, then you can't really export can you? So since then China has kept the RMB artificially high to encourage domestic spending.
There's a couple of ways to keep a currency high. The most obvious is to institute capital controls, which forces people to spend domestically because they can't take their money abroad. The second major category (beyond tariffs or other types of trade policies aimed at discouraging imports) is monetary manipulation by the central bank. That's what the PBOC is doing, and why it's doing it.
@_date: 2019-03-27 22:01:21
If they didn't require identity verification, I'd say this is a money laundering bonanza. Airbnb already has a bunch of shady shit going on, that IMO is for drugs. Ever go on there and find a place for like $3k a night, and the listing has zero information and like a single picture of a wall? I'm convinced those listings are for drug deals: the buyer books the $3k place, airbnb processes the payment, and the seller provides the drugs. Buyer never actually goes to the apartment, unless its being used as a dropoff point. Seller now has legitimate income via airbnb; the money is laundered. And the buyer gets to buy drugs without needing cash. 
If you could buy gift cards anonymously for airbnb using bitcoin, then the money laundering / drugs potential is basically unlimited. 
Sorry for being a debbie downer here. I'm just convinced the airbnb shady listings thing is about drugs, and introducing bitcoin to the mix adds gasoline to the fire.
@_date: 2017-01-31 15:10:23
That's what I'm getting at - "money bubble." 
Loose monetary policy can cause bubbles in various asset classes - a great example of this is the various bubbles that have popped up in China, as a result of the Chinese central bank's activities. Loose policy there led to a real estate bubble, which the Party then tried to prick by encouraging investment in stocks, but that led to a bubble in stocks. So they decided to try and prick that bubble by encouraging banks to lend again, but that led to another growth in the real estate market which looked bubbly so they changed course again.
My point here is that the loose monetary policy by itself is not a "bubble." It can cause bubbles, but by itself, it is not one. When the Fed lowers rates, nobody rushes to buy T-Bills expecting they can flip them in 3-4 months for a quick profit (that would be bubble behavior).
People use "bubble" to describe anything that translates to "This is financial and I think it is unsustainable in the long run." But that isn't what the word means. I have the same complaint about "Ponzi scheme" which in popular speak means "I think this is a financial scam!" but in reality means a very specific type of financial scam.
@_date: 2017-01-09 19:36:51


You are entirely correct here, it is a difference in scope and not in kind. 
Gold is somewhat special in that it has some uses beyond acting as money and as a store of value, particularly in jewelry and industrial / scientific reasons. So even if gold was magically banned for use in anything relating to money or investing, it would have some (much smaller) value due to the demand for it in those industries. 
However, the biggest reason gold has value is that investors want to buy it, because they see it as an inflation hedge or as a hedge against the global economy collapsing. As for why they choose gold for those tasks instead of something else, that comes down to historic attachment / nostalgia to gold, which primarily stems from the gold standard and older uses of gold as currency.
@_date: 2017-01-09 20:35:44
People are lazy in their terminology. In relation to currencies, "intrinsic value" means "value beyond being a currency," or put in other words, "value it would hold if it didn't serve any money or financial purpose." So in my example, the "intrinsic value" of gold is its value if it was used only for industrial purposes, making jewelry, and other uses that don't involve it being a financial product or medium of exchange. In contrast, if the dollar was banned as a medium of exchange tomorrow, the dollar would become worth whatever the paper it is printed on is worth, if not a little less, because that particular size of paper isn't all that usable.
With gold, however, gold bugs (who are often those selling gold, an important thing to note) use "intrinsic value" to describe the sentimental historical attachment that people have towards gold; the sellers are always big to play up universal themes about timelessness, safety and security, and some special magic about gold. They make this argument because they're trying to pump gold up and sell it. They never quite bring up that famous study which found that gold consistently under-performs other investments over time. Funny how that works.
@_date: 2017-01-30 20:54:06
That is true of financial bubbles, most famously with the 2008 real estate crash, but isn't really true of monetary policy. The logic is different.
If you were going to argue that everything was fine in 2007, you'd rely on bubble logic. Bubble logic dictates that prices will continue to go up, indefinitely, not because of some underlying factor but because everyone else wants to buy things too. So the logical thing to do is buy, hold, hope, and sell at the top. The problem of course is knowing where the top is. So in 2007 you'd say "Sure the house isn't worth $250k, but who cares, you'll sell it for $300k next year and book the profit! Real estate never goes down!"
I'm not using that kind of logic. People aren't buying sovereign debt because they expect it to increase in value - in fact most major players fully expect to lose money in the long run, but know this is a relatively safe place to get a small return until something else comes along. They're buying sovereign debt because of economic uncertainty, not because of irrational hopes for the future - in the 2007 example, people are buying because they irrationally think someone else will always buy it off them later for a quick profit. Nobody thinks that about sovereign debt today.
This isn't a bubble. Bubbles require people irrationally expecting a short-term profit simply by participating.
@_date: 2017-01-31 00:05:58
I'm quite familiar with interest rates, financial manias, and financial panics. I also think the Fed can raise rates at a quarter point 2-3x a year without destroying the world economy. Doing so would suck money out of Europe and exacerbate the EU's problems, but that isn't something the Fed can realistically be expected to fix by itself anyway. And in any event they've already raised rates without causing pandemonium so I fail to see why more future increases would be catastrophic.
I think a lot of people are using old analytical frameworks to understand central banks. Those pre-08 frameworks had certain expectations of central bank behavior and market response to them, but the post-08 response of central banks has rendered those older frameworks inadequate and the realm of academia has yet to catch up to the new reality. I mean there are still academic economists worrying about the zero lower bound, ignoring the Japanese and EU's lessons that the ZLB doesn't result in people parking cash in their mattresses. The ZLB, it turns out, comes about during economic downturns, and economic downturns create deflationary expectations which counter-intuitively lead to investors accepting low- to even negative-yield bonds (most famously corporate bonds!). The academic thinking for how to deal with crashes and monetary policy has yet to catch up with the multitude of ad-hoc solutions that were tried post-2008 with varied success.
So when you see people saying "central banks aren't ready to respond to the next crisis" for example, that's something built out of the old assumptions. In their minds, central banks can't hold investments to maturity (and therefore never incur a loss), they can't do things like QE, and they can't use things like Operation Twist because the pre-08 model of central banks said central banks shouldn't do those things. So you get guys saying "oh noes what happens in the next one" when the answer is pretty obvious - more of what they did post-08.
As I said in the reply you're responding to, the best argument people can make for a bubble is in equities. But we've already seen what happens when an equity bubble gets burst - it happened in 2008. So what's the difference going forward? What's to prevent the Fed from doing another round of QE in 2018 if it wants to? Nothing. In the next economic crash, investors are going to turn to low-yield, high-rated, safe instruments. That means sovereign debt, and that means Treasuries because Treasuries are the deepest, most liquid sovereign debt market in the world. The only thing which would change that is a long-term reshaping of the economic map such that dollars stop being in-demand for central banks, or a default like what Republicans threatened in 2012 - and even that stupidity was caused by politics, not economics. It's not that the US couldn't pay its bills, it's that part of Congress wanted to choose not to.
So sure, in 20 years, if the US economy drops to like 5th or something and the Chinese RMB becomes the preferred reserve currency, and then there's a crash and the Fed does QE and it turns out there isn't much demand for dollars, then yeah, that would be a problem. But that isn't going to be happening anytime in the near to medium term. Barring a truly global calamity, like say an asteroid impact or nuclear war or something, it's just not going to happen soon (and in which case we have bigger concerns than debating monetary policy).
@_date: 2018-10-26 03:10:30
Those are nice words, but you're wrong. Other than a collapse of the state, or at minimum the collapse of the state's ability to collect taxes, there is nothing which ends the state's ability to have income.
@_date: 2017-01-31 19:56:02
I agree that, in the long-term, very low interest rates are not sustainable. I just don't see signs that the policy is at the point of imminent failure. Granted, being able to see that with precision or accuracy is next to impossible, but I just don't see what systemic massive change has happened which would take future policies off the table.
Good discussion, thanks for talking it over with me.
@_date: 2018-10-25 17:01:12
Governments aren't households. Households can only borrow for the extent of their lifetimes, because dead people can't repay debts. Governments can borrow over multiple lifetimes, for as long as markets think the borrowing government will exist. Governments also create their own money by controlling the printing presses, and are therefore not income dependent as households are. Governments can also create demand for their money by requiring taxes be paid in that form; effectively, governments can never actually run out of income. Households can.
The government is a household analogy is the favorite of those who know nothing about monetary economics. Most typically, that's ignorant politicians.
@_date: 2017-01-18 19:14:10
They have an interest in fighting bitcoin as part of their broader capital controls strategy. Bitcoin probably isn't something they care about as a high priority because there are bigger, easier schemes which people use to ferret money out of the country.
In case you care, broadly speaking those schemes are:
1. Shady accounting / business deals. In this model a rich businessman has a company which makes things in China and sells them overseas. The businessman will under-report the USD amount he earned overseas, which allows him to not be expected to bring an otherwise-larger amount back to China. He can now park his money wherever he made it, and have a GTFO card if he wants to bolt. If he chooses the shady business deals approach, that works essentially how most tax evasion schemes works. He sells his Chinese company to a foreign company which he owns and is registered in a nice foreign locale the Chinese authorities can't touch, like say Panama. Then the Panama company signs a deal with his Chinese company and, magically, all profits end up in Panama instead of China.
2. Hong Kong consumer purchases. Hong Kong is part of China but has different governance and more access to the global financial network. Average Chinese citizens will go to Hong Kong and buy things with credit cards, then return the item to the store and ask for cash refunds instead of a card credit. The transaction is now, more or less, off the books since it appears to the authorities that the person bought the item. The Chinese person then takes their cash to a foreign bank on Hong Kong soil and opens a bank account with it (sometimes an anonymous bank account). Because the bank is foreign (ie non-Chinese) they can access their funds in any foreign place, and it is unlikely that the authorities can freeze or seize their funds.
3. China limits the amount that any person can send abroad to $50,000 USD per year. To get around this limit, rich people will enlist their friends and relatives quotas. The rich person wants to get $500k out of the country, so he gives $50k to ten of his close friends, and each of them sends their $50k to whatever account he told them to send it to. Now his money is abroad and he can spend it buying [vancouver apartments and getting his banker convicted]( If shit hits the fan, now he has a paid-off Vancouver apartment to flee to that the Chinese authorities cannot readily seize.
In comparison to the above three methods, bitcoin is insignificant in scale. Nobody really knows the scale of the under the table evasions, but it's probably in the hundreds of billions if not more per year. Bitcoin's daily transaction value has peaked at around $500m-$600m a day, so bitcoin alone can't handle the vast quantity of money flowing out of the country. The other methods avoid market risks (slippage, a significant change in bitcoin value, a sudden raid of a bitcoin farm by the Chinese authorities) and are bigger to boot, so they're better options for those who can use them. In my opinion, bitcoin as a method of getting RMB out of China is probably only a good choice for people without access to Hong Kong and without enough money to justify enlisting others to use their $50k quota.
@_date: 2018-10-26 03:11:44
They run out of money if they fail to collect taxes, which effectively means the state has ceased to exist. For as long as the state exists, it has income.
@_date: 2017-01-09 18:59:28
This is a weird article, the author is acting as if he's stumbled upon some magical secret, but it's really just a simple question with a simple answer that anyone with a basic grasp of currencies and legal tender understands. It turns out that the value of a currency is based on the supply and demand for it, as opposed to the physical materials the currency is made of. Who knew?
The US Dollar has not dropped to its intrinsic value (meaning the value of the paper it's printed on) for three main reasons:
1. The dollar is legal tender, meaning that it is the only form by which taxes in the US can be paid. The obligation to pay taxes in dollars instead of chickens or goats means that taxpayers must have dollars on hand to pay taxes with, and that creates a demand for dollars.
2. The high importance of the US in global trade necessitates that other countries, firms, and individuals also want dollars to facilitate business, settle transactions, and perform central banking duties, as many of these obligations are made easier by possessing dollars. 
3. Various investor-related reasons, including the size and depth of the Treasury market, which make the dollar an appealing place to park funds.
Bitcoin has value because there is demand for it to handle transactions. It will drop to its tangible value if people stop using it. 
@_date: 2017-01-09 23:38:28
I agree, but I don't think gold will become worthless, because it has been valued as a luxury material across many civilizations for a very long time. So it does have intrinsic value because humans have valued it since before we had written language. But to your point, it is quite likely that if gold fell to $5/oz then people might want fewer gold necklaces.
@_date: 2017-01-30 19:22:24
People have been predicting hyperinflation since before 2008 - Ron Paul's 08 campaign had inflationary fears as a centerpiece of his platform, for example. They've been wrong for the better part of a decade, primarily because they underestimated the demand for AAA-rated government bonds as a result of economic downturns. The US has been doing pretty well by most economic metrics for a few years now, inspiring the Fed to raise rates already and they are making every signal that they'll continue to do so.
Europe is still a basketcase, so you can expect demand for high-rated debt there (both sovereign and commercial) to remain high, especially considering the deflationary expectations that the ECB has thus far been unable to dispense of. The short of it is that the ECB could continue its QE for a long time to come, and because the demand for those instruments still outstrips the supply, inflationary risks there are minimal.
Gambling on hyperinflation has been a popular and losing bet for the last decade. The underlying dynamics which explain why inflation hasn't happened haven't changed, so I fail to see why fears of hyperinflation are more justified today than they would have been last year, or three years ago, or in 2009.
tl;dr I doubt it.
@_date: 2017-01-30 23:10:58
The best argument you can make for a bubble is in equities. However even if that bubble unquestionably existed and was eventually pricked, hyper-inflation wouldn't be the most likely outcome. We saw what happen when stocks collapse in a financial panic in 2008. 
@_date: 2018-10-25 17:51:54
OP's post implies that government should act like households, but don't. My reply is that governments don't have to act like households, because they're not analogous. It does not prove OP's point, it questions the assumption behind OP's point.
@_date: 2017-01-18 19:53:46
They almost certainly don't care about bitcoin. I'm sure they're aware of it and might monitor it, but it's definitely not a high priority.
I added a paragraph to the end about that before you replied.
@_date: 2017-01-09 22:47:55
Happy to help. Another way of thinking about it is the intrinsic value of bitcoin. If it ceased functioning as a currency, it would have near-zero intrinsic value because nobody would want to buy it other than collectors.
"Intrinsic value" isn't something a currency has to have in order to function. Bitcoin demonstrates that, very clearly. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 02:30:19
Bubbles don't require irrational behavior, they require irrational expectations. They require that people think assets will continue to rise because they've always risen, and their friends are getting rich so they should too. 
This isn't that argument. I'm not saying "Go buy bonds, you'll get rich!" I'm saying the underlying causes for why sovereign debt is in-demand during financial panics hasn't changed, and that framework provides a template for what to expect in the next crash. 
Predicting that the next crash will result in the end of our global economic system is an extraordinary claim, so it requires extraordinary justification - far more than a few lines about bubbles. I've given you my explanation in detail, so you can accept or reject it as you see fit. I haven't seen anything in this conversation that makes me question my logic.
@_date: 2017-01-31 02:31:57
That's really the debate, how long the juggling can last and how well central banks especially can handle the landing. You're right that no bank could afford to keep doing highly interventionist, highly expensive policies forever, but it's also worth noting that Japan has been doing big things for a long time without falling into anarchy, and the Fed has largely unwound most of its unusual stuff (ECB still going, obviously, and the Chinese central bank is a special case but is still very much active). 
The real question is has the policy ammunition of central banks been depleted, such that the next crash finds them impotent and destroys them? I doubt it. I don't see why that would be the case.
@_date: 2017-01-09 19:20:22
You're right to not take it seriously, because it's not serious. The size of the gold market is several orders of magnitude greater than bitcoin's, and that size difference makes it much more attractive for investors, because they get less slippage while being able to buy / sell more value at once. Gold has had days in which over $150bn worth of value was transacted in a single day, while bitcoin's (per blockchain.info) all time high is $500-$600m.
Could bitcoin become a viable gold replacement for investors? Sure, when the market for it gets 200 times bigger.
@_date: 2017-01-30 23:08:35
You don't have to trust government numbers, there are as many ways of calculating inflation as there are economists, and there are lots and lots of third-party measurements.
@_date: 2017-01-31 18:55:56


This does not apply to the T-Bill market at all. Nobody is exuberant about T-Bill prices. Disagreements on fundamentals are normal and part of any market. You think the fundamentals of Treasuries justify X price, while a lot of other people think the fundamentals of Treasuries justifies Y price. That doesn't mean there's a bubble. It means you disagree on asset valuation. 
There is no exuberant or short-term-focused behavior in T-bills or other sovereign debt that I'm aware of. Nobody is buying these things expecting to make a quick buck in the short term. 
A final example: remember pre-2008, when there were billboards offering seminars to teach normal, everyday people how to buy houses and flip them for a profit in a short timeframe? That is absolutely classic bubble behavior. The argument wasn't "you should cautiously proceed about this major investment and in 20-30 years hopefully you'll have a modest gain." It was "Buy a house and make 30% profit in 6 months guaranteed! Anyone can do it, here's a testimonial from some 50 year old guy who quit his boring job to make $4 million in 2 years!" That kind of thing is perfect bubble behavior - using recent price changes, it assumes the price changes will continue in the future, and then you add the herd behavior element of "and anyone can do it! get rich quick!" 
Nobody's using that language in sovereign debt. It's not a bubble, or at least is not showing the signs of a typical bubble to me.
I can see why you think what you do, I just disagree. Good discussion though, thanks for taking the time to elaborate your position.
@_date: 2018-06-06 22:04:02
Bitcoin / any crytpo is not good for money laundering because it is hard to exchange physical cash for crypto at any significant scale. The whole point of laundering money is to hide that it used to be dirty cash, so it's not like they can use a bank deposit, buy coins with it, and then expect that it's now magically cleaned. Sure, they could probably buy a few coins via in-person cash exchanges in the park, but that's hardly efficient and for someone trying to launder millions of dollars, not even a viable option.
What bitcoin would be good for (aside drugs / DNM stuff already well known), for the technologically-inclined mobster, is settling payments and sending money relatively anonymously at speed. That, however, is not money laundering.
Property is by far the biggest money laundering vehicle because it's easy. Many countries have lax to no know your customer requirements for buying property, and it's not uncommon for buyers to offer cash or a cash substitute (cashier's check, for example) for the property. Then they go to another bank, take out a mortgage on the property, put that money in a bank account, and now they have bank-sourced, "clean" money. This is what Paul Manafort did. As a side note, if one is doing this sort of work, it's more efficient to buy expensive properties because one can clean more money in a single transaction that way. This is why Trump's properties were so popular with oligarchs: it quite possibly had nothing to do with Trump, and everything to do with the price of his condos and his willingness to not do any digging into who was buying the properties.
@_date: 2017-01-31 15:21:33


I fully agree that political risk is one of the biggest and least predictable risks to our monetary system today. As I mentioned in another post, the closest the US got to default was in 2012 during the debt ceiling nonsense, and that wasn't caused by an inability to pay but instead a desire to not pay, because politics.


If my definition of bubble is too limited, then yours is too expansive. "Bubble" doesn't mean "This is something financial that I think is unsustainable."
Investor expectations are the critical thing to forming a bubble, because that's what leads to short-term expectations and the herd behavior that defines a classical bubble.  Nobody is buying T-Bills thinking "Sweet, I'll dump these in 3 months for a quick profit." That is what defines a bubble - investors buying something in the expectation of a quick, short-term gain. Nobody's doing that with sovereign debt.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:29:55
Even if we hold that to be true - and I would dispute that Hayek's triangle relies on questionable assumptions - it's still also true that inflation and deflation have different effects on economic growth. We should not pretend that they're both equally-good choices.
@_date: 2019-10-29 00:13:21
I claimed that expertise in one field doesn't mean expertise in another. You replied with a rant about economics, then said that IQ doesn't change when studying math and logic-based fields, which implies that Satoshi (being competent with math and logic) must be competent at both programming and economics. I replied that economics is not purely a math and logic-based field, which calls into question your assertion that math and logic capability are all one needs to understand it. You then replied with a second rant about economics and a pseudo-philosophical exploration on the meaning of "logic."
Forgive me if I don't want to continue engaging with you, these replies sound like something written to make yourself feel good as opposed to having a conversation.
Also FSU isn't a big econ school, no idea why you'd lump it in with Harvard or Columbia. It's the equivalent of saying "I don't study advanced physics like they do at MIT, Yale, and Central Florida."
@_date: 2016-12-19 20:09:06
It's a little unfair to compare bitcoin to other payments systems, because measuring the whole bitcoin network involves measuring the cost of money creation.
In the fiat system, that includes the Treasury and Federal Reserve and a bunch of other technocrats, along with the requisite modeling to predict impacts, economists and programmers to make the models, machines to run the models, and the need to acquire inputs.
Comparing bitcoin to visa is disingenuous as a result. Visa only handles transactions, it doesn't handle money creation. One system does more than the other. Not to mention that decentralized authentication is by necessity more energy intensive than centralized authentication, because centralized requires fewer participants in a system, and will therefore have less energy usage.
@_date: 2019-10-28 22:28:33
Economics is a social science, and suffers from the fallacies intrinsic to its subject material (humanity). The 2018 Nobel for economics went to an economist whose career shows that classical economic modeling is wrong because humans respond to economic stimuli in irrational, often-unpredictable behaviors rooted in psychology and not rational choice (the foundation of all economics since Smith). Economics is methodologically based in math and logic, but that idealized modeling is often unable to explain real-world outcomes.
Also by your logic we should also consider Satoshi a theoretical physics expert because after all, it's based on math and logic.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:05:26
Debt is amoral, it is neither good nor bad. It is a transfer of future spending power to the present. There's nothing intrinsically wrong with debt, it's only when people mismanage it (or are ignorant, either by volition or by fraudulence on the part of the lender) when there's a problem.
@_date: 2019-10-29 00:03:10
Perhaps we are agreeing. No worries if that's the case.
@_date: 2019-10-29 22:23:33
That's not the best example. A better example would be: would you take $100 guaranteed, or would you take a 50/50 chance of winning $500, but if you lose you get nothing? Economically, the rational choice is to take the 50/50, but most people are afraid of losses so they choose the $100 guaranteed. People also do this with assets. They tend to hold on to gains far longer than they should. If an asset goes up 30%, then drops 10%, they won't sell it, but if an asset starts at 0% gain and then drops 10% they drop it asap. In both instances the loss is the same, but the psychology of it affects behavior.
I'm inventing examples of course.
I agree with you on the distinction between goal and behavior, but economics is concerned with behavior more than goal.
"Misbehaving" by Thaler is an accessible book on behaviorial economics if you're interested.
@_date: 2019-10-29 01:24:31
I would, but that video isn't about the virtues of asking your mechanic to diagnose back pain. Also, I already know about the 1920 Depression. It had a lot to do with post-WWI slowdowns of both the US and British / French economies. The US insisted on full debt repayment by both Britain and France, which helped throw both of those economies into depression as spending went towards debt repayment instead of domestic investment or rebuilding. That hurt US exports, which dragged down growth at the same time that the post-war slowdown really 
kicked in. The French early return to gold (and the British delaying, then eventually adopting a bad exchange rate) also didn't help things.
The Brits and French, for their part, wanted to use German reparations to repay the American debt. They were willing to renegotiate terms with the Germans, but the Americans weren't until the Dawes plan in 1924 (replaced by the Young plan in 1929). Hence, the argument could be made that Germany's 1923-24 hardship and the hyperinflation which resulted were, in part, the product of American insistence that the British and French repay what was owed in full. The more adventerous connect the dots and can point to that stubbornness as a supporting factor for the rise of Hitler.
Economic history and international relations are two of my favorite subjects. It's a fascinating time period. Tooze's book on the subject is pretty good, as is "lords of finance" which talks about the debts, recession, and impact on the 1929 crash.
@_date: 2019-10-30 03:48:45


Sure. But in classical economic theory, it is assumed that aggregate behavior follows what is best economically, which means it assumes everyone takes the $500 bet. That's why behaviorial exists. They have full information - although imperfect information is definitely a problem, most famously described in the lemons paper - but don't act as classical economics expects. Hence behaviorial econ.
@_date: 2019-10-29 02:06:04
This conversation is a tangent, which started with me saying "Experts in one field are not necessarily experts in another" to which you linked a video about the 1920 Depression. You forfeited your right to complain about tangents by doing that.
The recovery to 1920 relied on the simultaneous recovery of all three major countries (US, UK, France) and to a lesser extent Germany (which had sucked in a lot of FDI after the war). 1929 did not have a simultaneous recovery, in no small part because the central bankers did not coordinate their actions in 1929 as they did in 1920-21. 1929 also saw a major collapse in global money supplies as debts were repudiated, which is a significant difference. Finally Britain's flawed return to the gold standard under Churchill had happened by 1929 but not 1920. That made the British economy weaker and less likely to recover in 1929 than 1920. By far the biggest difference between the two is that 1929 was caused by excessive speculation, which creates a debt overhang which takes a long time to recover from. 1920 did not have that problem. 
My point on the context is that context matters. Financial crashes don't repeat each other, but they rhyme. Some things are the same, but some things are different.
@_date: 2019-10-29 22:25:21


Agreed. Hence why I called it "economically irrational." There are psychological things at play which economics (until recently) didn't account for, and is still not very good at accounting for.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:37:11


It goes both ways. Today, banks need the state for property rights and contract enforcement, and the state needs banks to ensure economic growth and state finance. The history of it is more murky, depending on what your definition of "bank" and "state" is. There have long been merchant banks, but there has been a form of centralized government since at least (and almost certainly predating) the oldest cities we know of, which date back 11,000 years or so. From classical international relations theory, the modern state finds its root in the peace of Westphalia (1648), and the first central banks were formed less than 50 years after that treaty to finance wars. In return for that finance, they were offered the exclusive right to print money in a certain area, and thus our first central banks came to be. The state needed money, which the bank provided, and the bank needed benefits as secured by the law, which the state enforced. Hence the symbiosis. The state needed to finance its debts, so taxation became (more of) a thing (in part because the state had traded its seignorage profits over to the banks) and taxation requires an administrative state in order to collect it, so now we have a finance-state creature that evolves symbiotically over time.
If you're interested, I'd suggest the book "money changes everything" which (by necessity) takes a birds-eye look at ~4,000 years worth of the relationship between finance and the state, and their co-evolution over time.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:01:23


They're inseparable and symbiotic. The state made banks, and banks made the state. It's the same entity, and we can't divorce one from the other (or pretend we can remove one and have the other function normally).
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:59:43
I should clarify that "irrational" in this context means "economically irrational," which in turn means they don't always respond in the forward-thinking, utility-maximizing way assumed by economics. I don't mean that people stick their heads into fires and have no idea that the consequence of that is a burned face. I refer to things like humans having a greater desire to avoid losses than to lock in gains.
@_date: 2019-10-28 22:25:16
I know it's hard to understand, but I don't ask my mechanic, no matter how good he is at fixing cars, to diagnose my back pain. That's because specialists in one field are usually not specialists in another.
@_date: 2018-06-07 14:18:05
We are agreeing with each other. 
To your first point: One can definitely exchange cash for crypto, but as I said in my post, the problem is scale. If you're trying to launder $5 million, you can't meet a guy in a park on a bench to swap $5m for crypto. You'd have to meet 500 guys, separately, and exchange $10k per. That would take a ton of time to set up and execute, and in so doing you'd be pushing your luck. As an alternative, you could just take your cash to a bank, get a cashier's check, and buy a gaudily expensive condo with the said check.
To your second point: I also said in my post that crypto would be great for settling payments, especially cross-border payments to shippers, drug / weapons suppliers, etc. But eventually they (and you) need to convert your crypto into legal bank money - that is after all the entire purpose of money laundering - and that's where the problem lies. In a hypothetical world in which there is no fiat, there would be different ways of obfuscating the source of the crypto that criminals own, but we're not discussing that hypothetical right now.
@_date: 2019-10-29 19:43:59
Banking crises are a subset of recessions. You can have a recession without a bank crisis. A bank crisis means that banks fail, and usually means that there was a speculative bubble in financial assets (which banks invested in), thus causing the boom and bust. Canada did not have a banking crisis until 2008. And like I said, the UK didn't have a bank failure from ~1848 until Northern Rock in 2007. There are marked differences in how the systems are set up. If FRB or central banking were the universal culprit, then all countries should have experienced similar issues. They didn't.
I actually can list those who went to Jekyll Island. They talked about it afterwards. And they went there to resolve disputes about a bill which, again, had been discussed in public for almost a full year. As memory serves the major dispute was about the make-up of the regional reserve boards and what percentage of seats would be given to banks as opposed to labor (Bryan wanted labor). Bryan's insistence is why the President appoints members of the DC board, and why that board is the "governing" board and not really responsible for regional reporting like the others are. As memory serves Bryan is also the reason why there were regional boards to begin with, because it was feared that the coastal banks would starve middle america (farmers, whom Bryan championed) of capital during planting season. By distributing power, the thinking went, banks would be forced to lend to the farmers who needed it.
The US had fractional reserve banking before 1913, and as you referenced it had central banks too.
I've read Creature, and I'm telling you that it is an incomplete history aimed at proving its narrative. If you want a factual, far less biased take then read Lowenstein. If your sole source continues to be a book peddled by youtubers with ominous music, then we're done talking.
@_date: 2019-10-29 21:42:08
Look, if you really don't know what the difference between a banking crisis and a recession is, then you shouldn't be talking about them. You're acting like I'm inventing some useless and arbitrary distinction right here, as if there aren't academic databases tracking them or books written about them or entire fields of study dedicated to financial crises specifically.
Frankly, you're ignorant, and your response to being shown your ignorance is to mock me. You don't know what you're talking about, and your obdurate tone here indicates you're not willing to learn, so I'm not going to bother continuing.
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:09:36
Until 2008, Canada had not had a banking crisis in over 150 years. Compare that to the US, which averages about one every 20 years over its lifetime. The UK similarly didn't have a single bank failure from ~1848 (roughly) until Northern Rock in 2007, yet the US lost thousands during the Great Depression and many more in other years. So yes, there are major differences in systemic stability around the world, which is the subject matter of "Fragile by Design."
The key theme of Creature is that the Fed was invented in secret by a cabal of bankers and elites, then foisted upon an unknowing Congress and passed in the dead of night. My paragraph about the history of the Fed's creation and recommendation of Lowenstein directly contradicts those key claims, hence why I made them. You can dismiss that information in your rant if you want, but you're factually incorrect to do so.
I didn't say that state financing via banks is necessarily a good thing. I said that's how the relationship works. We're talking about the bank-state symbiosis, and state finance is the quid pro quo the state gets in return for giving banks special treatment.
@_date: 2019-10-28 22:14:40
I agree that deflation has good and bad. But their impacts are different, we shouldn't say they're interchangeable or neutral as your post implied (or at least as I read it).
@_date: 2019-10-29 14:54:48
Creature from Jekyll Island is a conspiratorial nonsense book. I'd recommend Roger Lowenstein's "America's Bank," which reveals (among other things) that the push for a central bank began before 1907, and the bill which established the Fed was the third bill which had gone to a vote over the span of about a year. The Fed was hardly foisted on an unsuspecting public in the middle of the night, it went through a years-long public debate process. The Fed's eventual shape was highly influenced by William Jennings Bryan, who of course is the most famous American populist after Jackson and made his name arguing that the monetary system hurt the everyman.
By "state finance" I mean exactly that: the state taps banks to finance its spending. T-Bills are one form of that, but most states offer some form of tax benefit to banks which lend the state money. Once you're done with Lowenstein, check out "Fragile by Design", which is a fantastic book on the evolution of banking systems and why some are fragile (US) and others are not (Canada). It has a lot to do with internal politics and the influence of politics on banking regulation, which is usually aimed at ensuring that the state has a source of finance, either from individual citizens or from the banking sector.
My understanding of the bank-state relationship isn't "storybook," it's informed.
@_date: 2019-10-29 02:09:00
I have, but am not aware of the Austrians making an emphasis out of the (economic) irrationality of actors. I'm by no means a Mises / Hayek expert though.
@_date: 2019-10-28 20:59:56
Turns out being really smart at computer programming doesn't mean someone's really smart at macroeconomics and monetary policy. Who knew.
@_date: 2019-10-29 01:43:11
It was a tangent, but was relevant. The broader context matters. The recovery to 1920 is also interesting because of that broader context. The 1920-21 depression hit the UK and France as well as the US, and their recovery - which was coordinated by behind-the-scenes central bank cooperation - depended on all parties recovering at the same time. The gold standard was also critical, because it lessened the time for a monetary shock to transmit from one country to another. That same characteristic is what would ultimately sink it in 1929, but 1920 is the rare circumstance where it helped (after it hurt, thanks to the Fed).
Also, it's a bit odd to accuse me of tangents when you replied to me saying "Experts in one field are not necessarily experts in another" with a youtube video about the 1920 depression.
@_date: 2015-08-27 15:10:43
People did argue for something like that, if conditions were bad enough. When borrowing costs are zero, you could easily make the argument that the government should borrow at zero, hand it out to poor people (who are more likely to spend it than save it), and then the increased tax revenues not only pay off the bond in the long run but return a profit.
I know that people here don't like central banks, but there's no point in pretending that they're impotent at the ZLB.
@_date: 2015-08-27 13:19:49
China dumped 10% of its treasury holdings a couple of weeks ago, and nothing happened. That just shows how huge the treasury market is. And the reason China holds Treasuries - to suppress the RMB and thereby stimulate exports - is exactly why China can't dump all its T-Bills. Doing that would hurt China far more than it would hurt the US, because it would result in rapid currency appreciation.
You can argue that all those central bank interventions don't work. I think you'd be hard-pressed to prove that point, but you could argue that. But what Andreas is arguing is that central banks can't do anything at the ZLB, and that's just wrong.
@_date: 2015-08-28 01:00:54
That's a great book, and I've read it. R+R did get a bad rap after that MIT grad student found errors in their spreadsheet, but as far as a good history of financial panics and crises go, its only competitor is Galbraith's [Manias, Panics, and Crashes](
@_date: 2015-08-27 17:43:26
Great point.
@_date: 2015-08-28 03:01:56
It's a good book. But as with all history books it is arguing a perspective. Be cognizant of that and don't take everything it says as truth. 
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:55:33
The fed is essentially a government entity. Its shareholders are the regional Fed banks, who in turn issue shares to Fed member banks. Those shares cannot be sold, traded, or borrowed against, and they pay a guaranteed 6% dividend per year. Any profit the Fed makes is paid to the Treasury Department. For scale, [according to this article]( in 2012 the Fed made a profit of $90.5 billion of which $88 billion went to the Treasury Department.
The first central banks were as you conceive of them - private banks, funded by rich people, who lent to the state at interest. The very first CBs (BoE and the Swedish Riksbank) were founded to fund wars. The king in both countries needed money to fight but nobody would lend at attractive rates. So, private citizens formed a central bank and lent the king money at interest, and in return (essentially as collateral) they got a monopoly on the ability to print money (in certain regions). However, as you can imagine, in the age of the Enlightened Despot the rights of an individual didn't count for very much, and the Kings regularly went around and bullied the banks into giving them more money on better terms. The central bank stopped being a purely private institution - ie, solely focused on shareholder returns - by the mid-1800s as a series of financial panics in England led to public outcry against the BoE, which was seen as not caring about public welfare at all. A series of laws were passed forcing it to become a lender of last resort, and then WWI and WWII came along and the BoE was nationalized entirely. It only regained its "independence" in 1997.
I focus on the BoE because it is either  or  oldest central bank depending on who you ask, and because its story is telling for the story of CBI.
CBI was invented because of the stagflation of the late 1970s. As oil prices skyrocketed, unemployment rose in the West despite low interest rates. The Keynesian prescription was to stimulate growth via inflationary policies (expanding the money supply, essentially), and the Fed pursued that path. It didn't work, and the result was high inflation and high unemployment - something that shouldn't exist in the classical Keynesian model.
CBI was marketed by Friedman (inspired by Hayek), with the basic idea being that an independent central bank can act as a stodgy old man in the economy whose only interest is long-term macro economic stability. Friedman / Greenspan / take your pick blamed the stagflation on short-sighted politicians whom they felt were forcing the central bank to pursue short-sighted, but politically-beneficial policies. In their logic, a politician who is going to be elected next year has an obvious incentive to fluff economic numbers via inflation, which gives a short-term economic benefit and helps them get re-elected, but comes at a long-term price. With CBI, a central bank should be able to ignore the political situation and make choices which are better in the long term.
That's the argument for CBI. I personally think it's bullshit, because central banks are not "independent" institutions and have never existed in a vacuum. Central banks and centralized (modern) states grew up together - I would argue they are mutually beneficial - and it was only beginning in the late 1970s, after ~300 years of central bank existence, that the idea of CBI came to dominate policy-making.
I think central banks are inexorably tied to the state, and attempts to divorce them are fruitless. Same logic goes for free markets in general. A free market takes a lot of government intervention to maintain, and the first capitalist systems were the result of many years of forceful government policy that often resulted in rioting and unrest. The same logic applies to central banks.
@_date: 2015-08-28 03:03:10
You are still trying to argue that any stimulus is pointless. I am not arguing that. I am saying that Andreas is wrong when he parrots the 10 year old understanding that central banks are impotent at the ZLB.
@_date: 2015-08-27 13:48:47
Sure. They can't do infinite rounds of QE. But QE wasn't the only thing they did.
@_date: 2015-08-28 20:36:57
That is one of the stupidest things I have ever seen on I mean, I get it. You said something hyperbolic and now you're being called out for it. The solution is to stop saying hyperbolic things. But defending those hyperbolic things? Come on, lol. You're being ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-08-31 20:36:58
I don't think he's acting either. Hence the "dumbass" part of my "outspoken dumbass" descriptor.
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:42:30
"throw money from a helicopter" was a Friedman prescription, something the government could do at the ZLB to stimulate growth. Bernanke wrote his thesis on a similar topic and happens to be the Fed chair who most closely pursued that policy, hence "Helicopter Ben."
@_date: 2015-08-28 13:41:28
It's not just pro-bitcoin people who say it. Mohammed El-Arian has been too. It seems to be a trope among people who want central banks gone in general, or at least those who are opposed to most central bank actions post-2008.
I mean people genuinely thought it would be a major problem before 2008 happened. But now? I just don't get why people still pretend like it's an existential problem for central banks.
@_date: 2015-08-27 13:02:10
There's a lot wrong in his understanding of central banking at the zero lower bound (ZLB).
First, the history - Central banks have lowered interest rates to zero in the past. Japan in the 1990s is the most prominent example; they literally followed Friedman's "helicopter money" approach (an epithet now leveled at Bernanke) by handing out cash on the streets.
Second, Andreas is reflecting a surprisingly wide-held misconception that central banks, having lowered interest rates to near-zero, now have no more tools to use to combat the next recession. That was the conventional wisdom going into 2008, and why bankers were so reluctant to lower rates to the ZLB. However, Ben Bernanke literally wrote his thesis on what central banks can do at the ZLB, and he used what he learned from it (and the Great Recession) to follow the so-called "unconventional" policies in response to the crisis. It is rather ironic that Andreas, who markets himself as a revolutionary thinker, is actually parroting a decade-old conception of central banking which has been largely discarded by academia. 
I do not understand why the "central banks have no weapons!" trope keeps getting repeated, because the 2008 experience shows just how versatile central banks can be. At the ZLB, central banks have directly bought securities from private and public actors, they've effectively refinanced the national debt (operation Twist), they've gone negative with interest rates (ECB and the Scandinavians), they've created stimulus programs, and much much more. There were rumblings in the depths of the recession that governments borrowing at zero percent interest should borrow as much as possible, then invest it in a type of nationalized pension fund which would put that money in the stock market, pocketing the difference between borrowing cost (zero) and stock returns (higher than zero) for pension purposes. That didn't happen, but if it had gotten bad enough, it might have. There's lots and lots of stuff central banks can do, even at the ZLB.
One of the many lessons that the 2008 crash holds is that central banks can do plenty of stuff at the ZLB. Being unable to lower interest rates has not prevented them from engaging in all kinds of new measures. The political independence offered to central banks to pursue macro economic stability actually ended up giving them the protection to pursue all kinds of policies (especially stimulus) which would have been politically impossible to pass via democratic means. That topic, incidentally, is what I wrote my thesis on.
Now, he is correct that it is unprecedented for so many of the world's central banks to be at near-zero for so long. That is a unique situation. But I simply do not understand why so many people act like central banks are out of weapons, when they've already used so many new weapons in response to 2008.
@_date: 2015-08-31 19:18:30
I'd personally go with "outspoken dumbass."
@_date: 2015-08-27 17:20:44


What I'm talking about is called "Central Bank Independence" and was invented by the likes of Friedman to allow central banks to control inflation in response to the stagnation of the 1970s.
The rest of your post is a complaint about any stimulus at all. I am not arguing the pros and cons of the Fed's stimulus plans. I'm saying that, in a ZLB environment, the Fed was capable of pursuing many policies. Andreas is claiming that they are out of ammunition. They aren't.
@_date: 2015-08-28 13:44:02
I was talking about the t-bill market when I said "China sold 10% of its holdings a couple weeks ago and nothing happened." I wasn't talking about the Chinese markets. 
I completely agree that China does not have a free market. I'm pretty sure nobody is arguing that it does.
@_date: 2017-11-02 17:15:06
Just because it worked doesn't mean it was smart.
@_date: 2015-08-28 19:58:39
I can't tell if you're arguing that selling T-Bills caused the Chinese crash or not. I hope you're not, because that position makes no sense.
To re-summarize: The Chinese stock market had jitters. China sold T-Bills beginning over two weeks ago to pay for interventions. China then decided to stop intervening, and the Chinese market tanked as people figured that out. This scared the central authorities, who decided to re-intervene and prop up prices. To fund those interventions, they sold more t-bills beginning yesterday.
Despite the sale of 8% of China's Treasury holdings,the market in t-bills was basically unchanged. That is because the market for treasuries is ridiculously large, and selling $150 bn of Treasuries apparently isn't enough to move the market.  
I do completely agree that the chinese stock market is a classic bubble. As is Chinese real estate. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 15:57:23
Bitcoin goes up, it's a sign that all is right in the world and the technology is going to remake civilization as we know it. Bitcoin goes down 10%, and the only possible explanation is a global conspiracy of shadowy figures who somehow manage to move btcusd by posting shit on reddit.
Maybe the price goes up for no reason and goes down for no reason because it's a financial product, and as such is subject to human herding behavior. It will go up again, and it will crash again, and trying to analyze and figure out which conspiratorial group is in charge of it is just trying to make rational that which is random.
@_date: 2015-08-28 01:57:52
Sorry for the long-winded explanation. I really like this topic and I often get out of hand rambling about its history. I will make an excellent old man one day.
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:49:10
Poster is right that a tolerance for risk means that some of it could be in bitcoin, if the guy getting the money wants to. And he also made the very reasonable point that it should only be a portion of his investment.
However, I do not like it when people hop to assumptions about the personal motivations of others. It could be that somebody on just doesn't like bitcoin - yes, that's possible. Issuing a blanket statement - "Everyone here who is against it must just be jealous they didn't make money in 2013!" - is not only an oversimplification, but childish.
@_date: 2015-08-27 17:24:46
Manipulating fiat is much easier than manipulating metal-backed currencies. That is why fiat came into widespread use after the Great Depression in the first place.
For the record, I'm not the one downvoting you.
@_date: 2015-08-27 17:22:08
Some are new, some are bigger versions of existing tools. They were kind of unique in that central banks over the last 30-40 years stopped using things like direct interventions in stocks and bonds. In the past, before the idea of central bank independence, central banks didn't pretend to be autonomous institutions and often did whatever the political desire of the day was.
So in that sense you're right. It is kind of a return to pre-1975 central banking.
@_date: 2015-08-28 17:21:44
The stock market crash compelled China to sell Treasuries, not the other way around. As I've said repeatedly, China sold Treasuries to pay for its stock market interventions. The downswing had already started and thats why they were selling T-Bills in the first place. 
"Nothing happened", for the fourth time, relates to the Treasury market. Yields barely moved, despite China selling  ~8% of its holdings. [see article](
@_date: 2015-08-05 12:23:25
Interesting. Thanks for the links! These are really interesting. If only the World Bank would hire me, then I could help update those figures!
I wonder if somebody puts together a weighted average for remittances. Having a list and an overall average is nice, but I want to know how much people actually lose in fees (both exchange spread and transaction). 
Great links though, thanks!
@_date: 2015-08-13 17:32:22
Deflation is only a problem for bitcoin if you assume it becomes the day to day currency of millions of people who handle all their financial transactions with it. That means loans denominated in btc, paychecks in btc (not btc relative to an exchange rate, but just flat btc), etc.
If, however, bitcoin becomes a bigger version of what it is today - an alternate means of settling payments with lower transaction costs, with the btc amount determined by its value in fiat, as opposed to a fixed btc value - then deflation isn't a problem at all. Deflation rewards early adopters, but it doesn't really hurt anyone in that system unless they take out btc debts that aren't tied to an exchange rate.
Deflation is only a problem for bitcoin if you assume it is going to become something it isn't (at least today). The way bitcoin works today, deflation does not matter.
@_date: 2015-08-06 01:31:08
No idea.
@_date: 2015-08-27 17:18:18
Nothing happened with relation to Treasuries. Those sales happened two weeks ago. China's stock crash is not related to their selling of t-bills, other than the fact that the government interventions which prop it up are paid for by China selling t-bills to raise funds.
@_date: 2015-08-27 13:07:04
You're completely correct.
@_date: 2015-08-27 13:57:02
Markets don't think CBs are weak. The market now over-reacts to every Fed pronouncement as if it is going to be earth-shattering, and when China's governmental bodies stopped intervening in the market there, that is really what scared the shit out of everyone and drove the crash. If anything, the market things CBs are too powerful, not impotent.
In my original post (subsequently edited) I have added a laundry list of the things they've done which helped growth. QE is headline-grabbing but they did lots of other stuff too. QE was a lightning rod because it is a kind of stimulus (except one passed by technocrats instead of by democratic processes), and stoked the fears of the "sound money" Glenn Beck gold-selling types. It was the most visible program, but it was far from the only program.
@_date: 2015-08-15 04:17:49
Deflation is a problem for any currency. Bitcoin is not immune from our economic understanding of how currencies work, just because it is an innovative and arguably ground breaking technology.
@_date: 2015-08-28 20:45:20
T-Bill means Treasury Bill, which is a term specific to debt issued by the United States. I think you are conflating "T-Bill" with "Chinese sovereign debt," which is an entirely different debt instrument. No other country on earth issues debt called "T-Bills" or "Treasuries." Those terms are specific to the US.
China bought Treasuries (issued by America) because it has a large quantity of dollars entering the country, which is the result of its export-led growth. China sells things in the US, they get paid in dollars, and then they take those dollars home. To invest those dollars, and to help keep the RMB artificially low, China has taken those dollars and purchased Treasury bills with them.
Economic difficulty struck, and China decided it would like to prop up its domestic stock markets. It did so in a variety of ways, but one of the clearest was simply to have the central authorities go around buying stocks directly. In order to pay for those purchases, China sold some of its Treasuries (issued by the US) and exchanged them for RMB, which is the currency of its stock market. It then purchased Chinese stocks using those RMB.
So, China sold 8% of its Treasuries (issued by the US). The result on the Treasury market was practically zero. Yields did not increase and nothing really changed in relation to Treasuries. This is because the market for T-Bills is so large and liquid that even China dumping $150bn of Treasuries was insufficient to move the market noticeably.
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:43:50
Having debts denominated in a deflationary currency is part of the problem. However, the reason they have debts in a deflationary currency is because the pre-2008 euro was too strong for Greek domestic conditions. German wage suppression policies coupled with the Euro's strength made German exports more attractive than Greek, guaranteeing a current account deficit which became the debt problem we see today.
Also, there are better ways to deal with sovereign debt than your proposal, which basically amounts to "Greece should buy bitcoin, hope it goes up, and then use the profit to pay down its debts." Greece already implemented retroactive collective action clauses to its sovereign bonds (which allowed it to force all bondholders to take a loss), which it could do again. The Troika could stop being recalcitrant and actually strike a deal. Greece could enter technical default temporarily in hopes of forcing a new agreement. Or Greece could just refuse to pay altogether, which would limit its access to international borrowing but would fix its debt problem instantly (while making many other problems, of course).
"Buy bitcoin and hope" isn't the kind of policy one should expect from one's national leaders.
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:28:48
Yep. Which is why I wrote:


and not "leave EU" 
@_date: 2015-08-05 13:19:41
Great points. Thanks again for posting, it is nice to see some actual facts and figures thrown around here. Bitcoin still retains a speed advantage I would think, and is arguably more convenient (assuming they can convert into local currency easily). But "this is slightly nicer" is far less persuasive of an argument than "We can give a poverty-stricken family $30 more a month by saving fees."
Anyway great points and thanks for posting.
@_date: 2019-10-28 21:11:35


Not true, at least in terms of economic growth over time, because consumption varies with income. Rich people spend a lower percentage of their income than do the poor. Inflation, which hurts lenders and benefits borrowers, acts as an indirect wealth tax in that the rich (who have money to lend) lose more than the poor (who borrow it, and enjoy reduced real debt burdens as a result). In a deflationary environment, those doing the lending enjoy a positive real return while those doing the borrowing find themselves with an increasing real debt burden. Since the poor are more likely to be borrowers, and their consumption is higher than those in higher income brackets, a deflationary environment would lessen their spending and thus hurt economic growth.
Now you could make the argument that, from an environmental sustainability perspective, less growth is better. But that's different than claiming inflation and deflation have neutral impacts on society. It's not true.
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:38:47
There is no source for "islands, monuments, etc" because the deal requires that Greece put $50bn worth of assets into a privatization fund which will either sell those assets or use their income to pay down the Greek debt. Those assets are not yet defined, but Greece has multiple state-owned enterprises (SOEs) including television and railroad companies which are worth a fair bit. Furthermore, because the fund is run by Greeks with the oversight of the Europeans, it stands to reason that the Greeks running the fund would prefer to generate income from their assets than sell them outright.
Basically, the lenders want collateral for the next tranche of lending. That doesn't mean the collateral is going to get sold.
I don't think we're going to see the Parthenon bought by Pizza Hut and rechristened the "Double Stuft Pizzanon with Cinnastix" anytime soon.
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:26:42
The banks were, at the start, primarily French and German banks who would have been in serious trouble had Greece defaulted. The first bailout fixed those banks, because it bought their assets and transferred them to the EU / ECB / IMF (the "Troika"). Now that the French and German banks are no longer exposed, France and Germany care a lot less about whether or not Greece stays in the Euro. They are less willing to make a deal today than they were in 2010, and that is a real shame for the people of Greece.
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:58:15
You are moralizing economics. "Blame," "bail out those who didn't produce anything," "reward," "punish" are all attempts to moralize the economic story, which always leads to blaming Greece.
Germany's economic policies had spillover effects which were deleterious to Greek economic growth. The question is whether or not that fact translates to Germany bearing responsibility for the Greek crisis. I think they do own partial responsibility, and should act accordingly. You believe they do not. On that, we will have to disagree. 
I will point out that your viewpoint - which is exactly the German viewpoint - has led to the negotiating impasse that we had today. Framing the problem as entirely Greek means the solution is entirely Greek. That means Germany doesn't need to make concessions. 
@_date: 2015-08-26 06:09:49
I have strongly-held political opinions and everyone who disagrees with me is stupid or wrong!
Up next - why green is the best color.
@_date: 2015-07-04 15:12:34
If true, then who owns Tsipras, who is pretty terrible from a banker perspective?
@_date: 2015-08-27 13:31:50
I would disagree with that, and would point to the economic performance of countries whose CBs acted decisively (the US). The EU is stuttering along, to be sure, but in my view that's primarily because the ECB hasn't been allowed to pursue the same dramatic policies (Bernanke's metaphorical pocketed bazooka) as elsewhere. China's troubles are a classic real estate bubble turned stock bubble, and Russia is a kleptocracy which is suffering from Ukraine sanctions and a 50% drop in oil prices.
I don't think it's reasonable to say central banks have been impotent at the ZLB. All those programs had some non-negligible effect. I am referring to Russia / China because you did so earlier in this chain.
@_date: 2015-07-06 16:42:18
He doesn't consider bitcoin because what he needs is a currency which is adjustable for Greek conditions. The Euro is too strong (and getting stronger thanks to deflation), and monetary policy is in the hands of the (french- and german-dominated) ECB, largely beyond Greek influence. 
Bitcoin offers the same problems as the Euro - it is beyond Greek influence, and it is deflationary. It is a good solution for private individuals to skirt currency controls, but it would be a terrible solution if adopted as the entire country's currency. They'd just be replacing one deflationary currency beyond their control with another.
@_date: 2015-07-30 12:26:02
These kind of zany, internet-friendly uses of bitcoin are among the best ways to sell bitcoin to a broader audience. It makes bitcoin sound fun and interesting. Somebody should come up with more such things - even if they are completely artificial. 
In terms of messaging, this approach is far better than the "bitcoin will end the tyranny of central banking" approach to evangelizing bitcoin. Accepting the central banking argument requires that the audience has strong political opinions, is knowledgeable about central banking and economics, has a grasp of economic history, and has also come to the conclusion that central banking is bad. 
In contrast, accepting the "bitcoin is a fun and zany way to send pizza across the internet" argument only requires that somebody like altruism and pizza - a far, far larger audience.
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:36:25
LOL that's hilarious.
"Bitcoin offered as solution to economic problems!" really means "A friend of mine handed a guard a pamphlet, and she didn't really want it."
Also, the UK's economy is doing pretty well compared to everyone else. They're even thinking about raising interest rates, much unlike the rest of Europe. Not entirely sure what economic problems you think bitcoin can fix there.
@_date: 2015-07-18 19:43:23
@_date: 2015-07-12 17:56:06
India has long had a friendly relationship with Russia, stemming from the Cold War when India proclaimed the "non-aligned" category of nations, which Russia was more willing to support. India also has a socialist tradition stemming from Gandhi (both in his philosophy and his politics), which brought it closer to the USSR during the Cold War.
That said, India has also been consistent in following its own path. Starting with the non-aligned countries concept, they have regularly chosen a route which fully satisfies neither Russia nor the West. A similar comparison would be China. 
Oh, and here's a bit of a problem for your scenario I just thought of while writing this. India and China hate each other. They were engaged in open war in 1962 over a border dispute which has never been resolved. It's more likely they battle over that than it is they suddenly find an agreement, sign an treaty, and then agree to attack the US.
@_date: 2015-07-28 19:05:00
We shouldn't judge books by their covers, but we also shouldn't make the cover childish-looking or obnoxious. First impressions matter, and some kid in a pizza cat shirt is not going to inspire "Hmm, let me consider this reasonable person's positions" from the audience. They will think of him like a teenager. Which is what he dresses like.
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:37:25
"zany" as in hip and interesting.
@_date: 2015-08-24 19:54:56
Because the USDBTC rate is not directly correlated to market movements.
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:38:57
I would expect the CC company would indeed flag an overseas purchase that came without warning. Most CC companies ask you to let them know when you travel abroad, because otherwise it seems like guaranteed fraud.
Then there's the merchant, who might not like the idea of processing possibly-fraudulent pizza orders from somebody 3,000 miles away.
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:21:45
I am analyzing this from an international, macro economic perspective. You are analyzing this from a domestic, bounded perspective. This is why you find my solutions ridiculous, and why I find your defense of the status quo short-sighted.
For reference, the same debate happened in the 1930s during the Great Depression. It was known as ["beggar thy neighbor"]( policies, and while that term is usually applied to central banks or governments implementing trade protections, the same concept applies. A state did something in its own national self-interest - hike tariffs to keep gold inside the country - which harmed everyone else. In the 1930s, everyone else still had the ability to respond in kind, and so the result was a race to the bottom and basically the destruction of international trade.
Central banks today have learned from that lesson, and usually operate in some kind of spirit of cooperation. For example, the Fed takes the European economic context into account when it decides what to do with its interest rates, because it knows that a change in the US will have ripple effects abroad.
The same kind of cooperation needs to happen today with Greece. Just as the Fed takes EU economic conditions into account when it plans its policies, Germany should take Greek (and arguably [the rest of Europe's]( economic conditions into account when it plans its policies. After all, they share a currency union, are trading partners, and are economically interconnected. Instead what we get are politicians grandstanding on moral causes - both the Europeans and the Greeks - and a standoff. What is the cause of that standoff? I think it was in part the Greeks, but I also think a key cause is recalcitrant Europeans who have been unwilling to compromise, because they see the problem the same way you keep describing it and lack sufficient incentive to make a deal.
And, finally, you accuse me of not understanding capitalism while you voraciously defend a non-capitalist approach to wages. This situation is not the natural result of market forces and competition. Germany keeping its wages artificially suppressed is economically no different than Germany offering a direct subsidy to its entire business sector, but that would cause manipulation outcry and generate WTO lawsuits. But the economic impact is exactly the same.
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:35:45
Goldman has a wonderful history of showing up right before major fuckups. They are the bank which helped hide Greece's debt.
I should have said EMU, not EU. Apologies.
@_date: 2015-07-12 17:51:52
I have a degree in international affairs and spend most of my day reading news from a variety of sources, while running a blog on the subject of international affairs and economics. I am well-informed, and think your apocalyptic scenario in which India and Brazil team up to attack the USA over a trade agreement is stupid as hell.
@_date: 2015-07-04 15:11:49
The Greece-Bitcoin discussion is an attempt by Bitcoin advocates to find a bitcoin solution for Greece. Like Republicans in my earlier post, they have an answer they'd like - bitcoin fixing things - and so they're applying it to Greece. Would it work? Probably not. While it would allow people access to their funds, Greece is already battling a deflationary currency, productivity problems, failures of state capacity (particularly to collect taxes), and an over-burdened pension system, none of which would be assisted by bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-28 03:01:13
In large part because the government support evaporated.
Nobody really knows why. I don't want to type 3,000 words on China right now because I don't really want to, but the best argument I've heard so far is that there's a reformer / capitalist camp within the CCP and there's a conservative camp, and the reformer camp is winning the debate for now.
Of course, the entire reason markets went up today is because they re-intervened. And nobody was talking about that debate before the collapse, so I don't really trust that explanation.
Fun fact: people track how much of the rise is due to government entities by tracking Chinese sales of T-Bills. They sell dollars, acquire RMB, and use that RMB to buy stocks. So an uptick in t-bill sales leads to an uptick on the buy side of Chinese stocks.
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:24:04
Our understanding of the crisis is not how Greeks understand their crisis. Especially in the states, people's pre-existing political opinions are the framework through which they interpret Greece. 
Ask an average Republican what the problem is, and they'll say government spending. Is that the truth? Not really. Spending was a problem, but there are other factors at play as well. To the Republican, however, those nuances don't matter because the desired goal - a moralizing story about government excess - is achieved with an oversimplified, spending-only narrative.
The same thing happens when you ask a Democrat, or a libertarian, or an average bitcoiner. Most people don't understand the crisis very well - either intentionally, or due to media oversimplification - and so, happily, the Greek crisis can be a story of whatever they want.
The Greeks are voting for "more government" (a terrible phrase, because they're really voting on whether or not their desire to stay in the EU trumps their desire for a social safety net) because they do not see the crisis the way you do. They do not think excess government caused the problem. They think the recession, followed by harsh European-dictated reforms, created the mess they're in. They were tired of their politicians who agreed to those cuts, so they elected Tsipras, who ran on a campaign of being stronger in European negotiations and promised to protect social programs, especially those helping the poor and retirees. 
Tsipras was true to his promises (though he has agreed to some cuts), but happened to try being strong at the same time that the rest of Europe stopped giving a fuck about Greece staying in the EMU, so we got a stalemate. Now the only way forward in the EMU is to agree to the European-dictated terms again. That's something Tsipras campaigned against doing and is something he is opposed to doing, so he called for the referendum to let the people decide if they want to continue the Tsipras road or if they want to bow to Europe again.
@_date: 2015-07-07 20:03:51
1. I'll preface this by saying I am not a German economic expert. I know enough to speak about it, but not nearly enough to be considered an expert. Germany should worry about China. However, the way forward for Germany seems to be productivity growth and technology advances. Germany is a high-tech manufacturing hub which is reliant on innovation and domestic consumer demand, while China is still largely based on cheap domestic labor making low-level goods for export with consumer demand still a small part of the economy. The wage suppression policy could never last forever because it always leads to worker discontent - and who can blame them; the same thing is happening in China - so it isn't going to be the driver going forward like it was in the 1990s.
2. I would not feel obligated in the scenario you just described. But I do not think the scenario described adequately captures today's Greek problems.
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:05:50
Productivity growth and technology advances are the hallmarks of every growing economy. There is nothing wrong with either of those things, and I am not at all arguing that we should arrest them. However, productivity growth and wages should rise more or less hand in hand, according to both economic theory and real world practice. It's not a 1:1 linear relationship, but they are strongly correlated, and it makes intuitive sense. After all, there is no point to economic progress if it doesn't deliver better lives for people, and the best way to do that is to raise wages. Profits stay high (but not ridiculous), wages increase (but not at a ridiculous rate), and everyone is happy. That is a paragraph long description of how industrialization works since the 19th century, in general.
I have nothing against those things. Who could?
Greece never should have entered the Euro, and as you pointed out they did so fraudulently. But the EMU has never been that consistent about applying its rules - it suspended them for France and Germany in the early 200s - and like I said, at least part of the Greek economic condition is caused by German wages being artificially low.
I don't want to fix your metaphor because then we'll be arguing about the metaphor instead of talking about the actual issue.
That said I think we both understand each other here, and I don't think either is going to persuade the other. I get your perspective, but feel that from a problem-solving point of view it is unhelpful. I also am not sure that we share the same definition of what the problem is. That's also been a problem in the EMU discussions with Greece: Greece has been pursuing larger solutions that fix its bigger competitiveness problems, while the Euros have been concerned mostly with making sure Greece hits its debt payments on time.
Finally, this has been a good conversation and thank you for participating. My hands are tired from typing and my boss is tired of looking over my shoulder, so I am probably done for now.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:12:40
I would recommend you get an editor to help you out. It doesn't need to be a professional, it could just be a friend or coworker or someone else you know who writes well. Everyone needs a second pair of eyes to catch things their own can miss.
Just one small change:


When using a noun as an adjective, I find it good to see if the sentence still reads if the noun is replaced with its definition. In this example, you're talking about Luddites. A Luddite is someone who is actively opposed to technological progress. The original Luddites went around smashing cotton gins and mills because the machinery in use resulted in the loss of thousands of jobs. If we replace the noun with its definition, what we get is:


technology, but were experts in intimidation.
I think what you're trying to say is that the two men aren't interested in technology, but are more interested in coercion. I would find a way to say that better than "Luddite," because "Luddite" usually implies the person is taking some kind of action to oppose technology, as opposed to say being old and ignorant of it. Your grandmother isn't a financial Luddite, but a Communist might be.
Hope that helps. I don't mean to say all your writing is bad or anything, I am just illustrating that you should find an editor to help the final product.
Good luck with your book!
@_date: 2015-07-12 12:47:35
This reads like something written by a teenager while listening to metal. 
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:28:44
I was going to say this. He was not fucked by banks, he was fucked by macroeconomics and Greece joining the EU. The fallout from that led to a bunch of shit, one of which is capital controls to try and keep some money in Greece should they leave the Euro. Have an upvote.
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:33:44
The Texas gold depository is the dumbest story to come out of Texas in years.
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:39:58
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:45:22
That's what they're doing now. The currency is not adjusting, but economic conditions are.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:55:29
I think we could argue about whether or not allowing Pizza Hut to rebrand the Parthenon is more damaging than storing some gunpowder inside it for the Turks to blow up. They might be equally destructive.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:26:09
Tragically, the Donald seems to be running low on funds due to the bankruptcy of his casinos and all his sponsors abandoning his shitty reality show because he said possibly-racist things, so I don't think we'll be seeing the Trumpamids anytime soon. 
He'd probably call it like "Trump Pyramids and Platinum Trump Palatial Retreats Presented by Donald Trump," then open a Trump department store ("Trump Palladium Bazaar and Cufflink Gallery by Donald Trump") adjacent to the pyramids so everyone can buy a shitty $50 tie ("Trump Ties by Donald Trump. TrumpTrumpTrump") with his name on it.
@_date: 2015-07-06 16:52:30
I don't think there is a blockchain solution to the Greek problem. They need a currency which they can adjust for domestic economic conditions, which rules out the bitcoin model of fixed supply and halving difficulty etc. They also need a currency which can be used for their pension payments, and old Greek pensioners are unlikely to be tech savvy enough to use or appreciate bitcoin.
Bitcoin does many things well, but sovereign debt restructuring is (so far) not among them.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:58:47
Germany has long had a government entity which mediates between organized labor and big business to determine wages, taking into account the interest of labor (which wants big wages), business (which doesn't), and the state (which wants a medium). After reunification in 1990, Germany kept its wages low to help get the Eastern Germans jobs. German wages have remained low, helping fuel Germany's business sector but leading to many other side effects, including help fuel Greece's deficit. Germany, in effect, manipulated domestic wages to keep them low, giving the country a comparative advantage relative to countries like Greece, which didn't suppress wages.
[A quick source saying a similar thing](
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:15:22
What I am saying is this:
Germany engaged in market manipulation by keeping its labor artificially low for a long period of time via wage negotiation practices. Its wages were not the result of market outcomes. As German productivity rose, wages did not follow suit as they otherwise would have, and so Germany's competitive strength actually grew over time.
This market-distorting dynamic came at the expense of Greece and the other Southern European countries. It helped create the conditions we see today. Therefore, Germany should recognize that it bears some (not all) responsibility for the current problems, and that should make it more willing to strike a deal to save Greece.
By comparison, if you listen to most German politicians today you'll hear them framing the Greek problem as contained entirely within Greek borders. They pretend like the problem is Greek laziness, or pensions, or tax collection (all of which are influencing factors). That framing is convenient, because if the problem is Greeks, then Greeks should fix it. But if the problem is framed as Greeks plus German economic policy, then Germany bears some responsibility for fixing it. 
That is what I am saying. I am not sure I can be more clear.
@_date: 2015-08-27 15:29:08
You're arguing a different point. I'm not here saying that central banking is a net positive to humanity. I'm saying Andreas is wrong for claiming that central banks are impotent at the ZLB.
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:43:17
ITT gets visited by a low-level Paul staffer.
@_date: 2015-07-28 19:03:58
I was going to type exactly this. Thank you.
Wearing that to a presentation is the equivalent of those cringey videos where a guy in public hops up on a table and starts screaming memes at people. He thinks his audience will find it hilarious, but his audience isn't the internet. They're normal people, so he comes across like a jackass who doesn't know his audience. Which is what he is.
Giving a presentation to a bunch of bankers wearing a meme shirt and an ironic BANKER hat is just a stupid, stupid approach to try and win support from the audience.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:52:51
No problem. I don't mean at all to come across as some dick saying "your book sucks!" and I hope you don't take it that way. It's an interesting idea and if you like it then go for it. Just get your girlfriend to read it before you publish :)
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:30:33
Thats just sad. Nobody should be this much of a supplicant as a teenager lol.
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:53:14
I think remittances are the best argument one can make for bitcoin today. Sure, there are other uses, but if somebody asks me "Why does bitcoin matter?" the quickest, simplest answer is remittances. 
Saving people money in transaction fees from the likes of Western Union is not only good business, but markedly improves their lives, assuming they can use it once it gets there. To someone whose income might be $150 a month from remittances, adding $30 to it by skipping Western Union is a huge, huge difference. It's not just increased wealth, its a higher standard of living. It's ethical, in addition to being a better deal.
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:40:25
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:43:34
Yellen said she expects a rate rise this year, potentially in September. I suspect a small hike, mostly symbolic, so that the Fed can say "look guys we're responsible guys come on now this will end."
Set up a new remindme for December! That was always my prediction month.
@_date: 2015-07-12 18:10:35
Wars are fought for a variety of reasons. "World Wars" is a nebulous term which doesn't have exact definition. One could argue that all [of these wars]( were world wars, because they involved large portions of the world in a single conflict. However, if we're being conventional and applying it only to WWI and WWII (although, even there there is some controversy because many historians prefer to treat them as one continuous war with a hiatus, similar to the 30 years war), then you would need to prove that WWI was caused by economics. Economics was undoubtedly a cause, but most historians pay more attention to issues of nationalism, geography, self-determination, and balance of power calculations as more important causes.
@_date: 2019-04-25 03:11:54
"Ponzi scheme" is not a catch-all for "This is a financial thing I think is shady." Negative interest rates are not a Ponzi scheme, because a Ponzi requires (a) an initial investment provided via fraudulent promises of future returns to one group, a promise which is (b) funded a second, larger investment secured via fraudulent promises of future returns to a second group, which is fulfilled by (c) soliciting a third, even larger investment based on fraudulent promises... you get the idea.
Negative interest rates are actually the exact opposite of that, because they don't promise a positive return to anyone, and they're not funded by fraudulently convincing other people to invest in the scheme.
You may dislike the idea of negative interest rates, and I agree they're extremely bizarre and would probably not work in a world with financial alternatives to the negative-rate currency, but they're not a Ponzi scheme.
tl;dr Stop using "Ponzi scheme" to describe every financial shenanigan you think is a shenanigan.
@_date: 2019-04-05 00:44:55


This implies that conspiracy theories deserve the same weight as facts. That's not the case.
Consumer-facing depositor banks are fractional reserve, because they have reserves (deposits) which are fractionally supported (they lend out more than their deposits). Central banks don't do that, because they are special banks that can create reserves as they see fit by printing more money. Admittedly, the point is pedantic, but there is no such thing as a fractional reserve central bank.
I'd add that I haven't actually defended the fractional reserve system or even the role of contemporary central banks. I only point out that the Fed wasn't created by a shadowy conspiracy in the middle of the night, that Congress legally delegated money creation to it, and that the bimetallic standard was never going to succeed. 
You can continue buying and holding bitcoin as you see fit, you may think the system is doomed to fail and I haven't actually argued with you on that at all. I just want facts when it comes to historical discussion and not conspiratorial youtube information masquerading as history.
@_date: 2019-04-04 18:25:47


No, I'm a believer in factual accuracy. Also central banks aren't fractional reserve, that description only applies to consumer-facing depositor banks.
The third bill contained many elements of the preceding bills and was the product of normal legislative processes. Conspiracy theorists always ignore that fact, and usually quote various hyperbolic statements by opponents of the bill as fact. If you're interested in learning more, I would recommend Lowenstein's "America's Bank."
I can explain why the US went off silver in detail, but the simple answer is that the US system was bi-metallic. Gold and silver were both used as a basis for the currency. The problem is that the gold / silver conversion rates were fixed, while the spot (open market) price of gold and silver fluctuated wildly. If the Treasury was converting say $1 USD to say 1 oz of silver, but the market price of silver was $20, then the Treasury was losing $19 on every transaction. (Those numbers are made up, and are for illustrative purposes only). This also applied to the relative price of gold vs silver, because one could swap gold notes for silver notes and make a profit simply from that.
The history of why silver was included has to do with populism and the great deflation of the 1870s-1880s; basically farmers wanted more currency in circulation (aka silver) while financiers didn't (they wanted only gold). The debate is what made William Jennings Bryan famous, and is incidentally also the backstory of "The Wizard of Oz." Bryan is the cowardly lion (because he didn't actually get silver included), the yellow brick road is the gold standard, the tin man is the American industrial worker, etc.
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:35:31
Right, exactly. Here are some neat things that only bitcoin allows you to do. That kind of argument I think holds a lot of traction.
@_date: 2015-08-31 19:36:54
Sure. I mean if we're being serious, I'd say that the role Jones plays is the same role that preachers play to their Christian congregations. He takes world events, filters them into a very simple and pre-existing worldview, and then gives every event significance and relates them to other, also-significant events, until randomness in the world is gone. What Jones does is convince everyone that the world follows a pattern, that it is predictable.
That's really why people like him. Despite his doom and gloom message, what he really gives is a sense of order and meaning in a chaotic world. That's re-assuring, and apparently worth paying for. I personally think it's a mental crutch needed by idiots, but hey, there's a market for it.
Joe Sixpack might work a dead-end job pushing rocks around for a living, but today, Alex Jones just showed that Jade Helm is a secret attempt by the powers that be to steal our freedoms! The world has meaning and purpose again. Joe Sixpack is no longer an insignificant rock-pusher, he's *part of the people who know.* Let's send Alex a fiver.
@_date: 2016-02-12 02:39:21
The fed raised rates two months ago. Not a sign of panic.
@_date: 2019-04-03 14:12:48
Only if you take off your fedora and trench coat before you apologize.
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:27:15
LOL your example is amazing. Wish I'd thought of that. Hilarious!
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:06:24


OP is wrong, concerns about metrics and weight are as old as government and were about protecting the people from lying merchants that falsified their weights in order to fuck people over. So a merchant could go to a small town, use falsified weights, use that as the metric by which he paid the locals, and profit as a result. So if the price of grain was say $1 per kilo, if the merchant can lighten his kilo weights before going into a town, he'd effectively be buying more grain for the same price. The king cared about this because (a) the people tended to revolt when they found out they'd been fucked over for years, and (b) he wanted to be paid all the tax he was allowed. If the merchants lied about how much weight they were buying of X commodity, they would be lying about how much tax they were obligated to pay the king.
The same problem is why the metric system was invented in the late 18th century. Thomas Jefferson, who was involved in the process, argued that the system should be designed such that any farmer in any town should, using natural observations, be able to recreate the metric system without any previous training and could therefore fight back against unscrupulous merchants. Jefferson wanted the meter to be the length of a pendulum with a period of one second (pendulum periods are affected only by length, not by weight). Then a cube of that length, filled with distilled water, would be a kilogram, and so on. His thinking was that a farmer could set up a sundial, experiment with lengths of pendulum, and then generate his own weights and measures so that he wouldn't be solely at the mercy of the merchant's weights.
So that basically refutes his entire "there is a natural order!" for money, which is itself a questionable starting point anyway. (a) I very much doubt there is a 'natural order' for money, (b) 'natural order' is a complicated thing when it comes to human social constructs anyway, and (c) 'natural order' is just a lazy attempt to say "this is the way it should be, because it was once this way" which fails to explain why going back to that system, even if it was actually in existence at one point, would benefit us today.
@_date: 2016-02-12 17:44:54
This is true generally, but in US banking specifically, this process was aided by [a 1994 change in US laws]( which allowed banks to operate across state lines. Changing that law enabled banks to pursue economies of scale, which usually lends to consolidation.
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:57:45
We should reply to this thread once every 3 months forever, and thereby end up with the longest-running conversation on reddit. In like 2025.
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:54:36


Yes. I also loudly protest that I can't buy pork belly futures from my local butcher, even when I offer a very generous premium over the going market rate!
@_date: 2016-02-13 00:31:55
I'm personally completely against the repeal of Glass-Steagall. Any bank that gets FDIC insurance should have to segregate those FDIC-insured funds from anything the bank does on its own account. There is absolutely no reason for banks to receive what is, in effect, a government subsidy.
In fairness: At the time, the prevailing mindset in economics and in policy was very laissez-faire. This was the era in which Greenspan argued that derivatives (the stuff that blew up in 2008) didn't need to be regulated by the CFTC, because government bureaucrats could not possibly be as competent at judging risk as the private sector. Greenspan argued that the inherent selfishness of every private sector actor meant that they would not take on unnecessary risk because no rational actor would want to get itself destroyed. Therefore any government intervention in derivatives would only clog up the works of an already well-functioning free market.
And we know how that turned out, don't we.
@_date: 2015-07-06 16:36:54
Yes. That process is exactly why Greece has installed capital controls. Rich people typically have the ability to move their money abroad and shelter it from losses, while poor people (or middle class people on fixed incomes, including pensioners) don't. 
If the Greeks were to allow free movement of money, rich people would find ways to protect their money while everyone else is stuck with the new, depreciated Drachma. Currency controls, while undeniably shitty, are an attempt to be fair by making everyone suffer equally.
However, yes, what you describe is a very basic currency trade. They could also just park it in bitcoin if they're willing to tolerate the volatility.
@_date: 2019-04-04 00:44:43
Also incorrect. Please read something other than The Creature of Jekyll Island. The bill creating the Fed was the third bill proposed, and there had been public debate for well over a year before it passed. Silver also stopped being accepted as a basis for the currency because supplies of silver skyrocketed in the 1870s-1880s, which caused the price of silver to plummet. So if the government had continued swapping dollars for silver, the government would have gone bankrupt.
@_date: 2019-04-06 20:57:35


No, it doesn't. Please show me where it bans a central bank.


Again, central banks can't be fractional reserve. The system the fed operates, like every banking system in history, is fractional reserve. But the Fed is not, itself, fractional reserve.
@_date: 2015-07-07 13:08:19
They're not evil, they're just pursuing what's in their own economic interest. China is doing the same thing via its currency manipulation, which helps keep domestic labor cheap relative to other places. 
However, those actions have consequences. The consequence of China's policies is arguably the 2008 mortgage bubble in the States, because so much Chinese money flooded into the country and helped drive the cost of money down. 
Germany is pretending like they're completely innocent, so we get Merkel going around moralizing about spending within one's means etc, driving a hard line on negotiations because they don't see themselves at fault. But they are, partially, to blame for the problems. They need to realize that and approach the negotiations in that mindset, which should result in more compromise and a deal.
@_date: 2015-07-30 14:05:15
The guy either did it while drinking, or he did it as part of a viral marketing campaign. I do not think he did it with the purpose of evangelizing bitcoin.
If we did a similar thing aimed purposefully at promoting bitcoin, then this approach would be very successful I think. What if decided to raid and pay for everything with bitcoin, with the basic message being "I sent you this pizza from halfway across the globe using bitcoin. There is no other way I could have done this so quickly or cheaply." That's a message I think could be really interesting.
@_date: 2019-04-07 20:05:26
Which part prohibits Congress from creating a central bank? You did not answer my question. Article 10 is all about saying what individual states can or cannot do, but it says nothing about what Congress's powers are (other than the implied counter-factual, which is to say that Congress retains the powers which it has removed from the states).
I say the Fed never lends out more than it has because there is no limit on how many reserves the Fed has. It can quite literally print reserves as it sees fit. I am not lying.
@_date: 2016-02-11 17:28:47
Not sure why this would cause panic. Various central banks have gotten into and out of negative repo rates since 2008, including other Nordics. Sweden cut its rate by more than expected, but that's not totally shocking. The Euro is still deflationary, so it stands to reason that its major trading partners would try to counteract that. And Sweden's rate was negative before this cut, now its just more negative.
Hypey title.
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:48:51
Of course he's not lamenting the big picture. People usually don't.
The banks told him no because the politicians told the banks to do that. The politicians told the banks to do that because, if the referendum tomorrow votes for leaving EMU, every Euro in Greece will flee the country in a matter of days. Those with money would be somewhat protected (because they have more ability to move it abroad) while those without - especially pensioners, pictured here - get screwed as their pensions change from Euros to Drachmas at a reduced rate. Without capital controls, in other words, we'll see a lot more pensioners crying on sidewalks.
Capital controls suck, and nobody likes them. But even the IMF (itself a longtime and outspoken supporter of deregulation, open markets, and unrestricted capital flows) agrees that, sometimes, capital controls are a useful policy option. Greece today is one of those few, rare instances.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:22:37
And whoosh goes the joke over my head
@_date: 2017-04-04 02:07:06
I could see rich people being interested in it now, for many reasons, especially in countries with high political risk (Russia, China). No better way to hide your illicit gains from your boss by parking it in an online, secured system that nobody can take from you. The main difficulty for that today is slippage (if a person wanted to hide a billion dollars, putting it in bitcoin would significantly raise the price and cost him money) and lack of anonymity buying the coins (typically cash for coins, but you can't take out $1bn in cash without people noticing or being a cartel member).
But that aside, and both of those are fixable things, sure I could agree with that. I think as you stated the base network activity would have to continue growing for a while because otherwise, as you pointed out, the network wouldn't have enough miners.
But yeah, if the market cap of bitcoin keeps rising, all of that is quite possible. And it would also incentivize the other chains to work with it, as well as likely growth of offshore, online bitcoin sellers / bitcoin exchanges that allow for easier buying and selling. You'd still need some way of going from fiat to bitcoin without it being noticed at scale, but maybe that could happen. 
In fact, now that I think about it, it would be pretty neat to see a bitcoin bank issuing bitcoin-denominated loans, backed by collateral comprising real-world assets (or better yet, cash). Then the borrower could default on the loan, triggering the bank's right to seize the assets and sell them. Now everyone's happy: borrower has converted fiat into bitcoin, and bank has its real world value intact. The bank's taking tremendous risks doing it, but it might work as a way to obfuscate shifting assets from the real world to bitcoin. Shit. I should be a professional money laundering adviser. In seriousness the Russians do stuff like this regularly to hide money leaving Russia (they're parking it overseas to make sure they have a backup plan in case Russia blows up or Putin takes it from them). It may very well already exist.
@_date: 2019-04-05 01:11:56
If you're going to talk history, then talk facts. 
@_date: 2015-07-12 16:07:57


This statement makes zero sense. You picked a government program arbitrarily, divided by an also-arbitrary number, and then titled your post after your math. Here, let me do it:
China's top brokerages announced last week that they would create a $20bn investment fund to prop up stock prices. If that $20bn was in bitcoin - assuming 15 million coins are mined - that works out to $1300 a coin. 
Here's the kicker - At today's price of right around $300, that means there's space for over 300% growth right now! Bitcoin is a great investment.
@_date: 2019-04-07 19:58:59
Which part of what you copy-pasted prohibits Congress from establishing a central bank?
The Fed does have reserves. It just doesn't lend out more than it has in reserve, which is the requirement for being called "fractional reserve."
@_date: 2019-04-03 03:46:41
This is basically territory
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:32:57
Good point. I wonder how many think bitcoin will help, and how many just want the price to go up so they parrot the lines.
@_date: 2017-04-25 14:54:14
Dear god, someone else on this sub who understands sovereign debt and finance. Great post.
I'd expand on your comment about the debt not needing to be repaid - this is counter-intuitive but quite true, because investors almost always want to roll their Treasuries over instead of get their principal back (and if they do, they just buy more Treasuries with the proceeds).
There was even a semi-serious proposal by an economist not too long ago which proposed to do away with the bonds aspect of Treasuries entirely, because the administrative overhead of issuing, maintaining, and rolling over the bonds adds up over time. The economist proposed thinking of Treasuries as something like a money market account; banks could put their money in a fund, get an interest rate, and could add / withdraw whenever they wanted. I'm not sure how you could determine what the interest rate should be since you'd no longer have people bidding for bonds, but maybe there's a way to get that aspect included too.
That just shows how unimportant it is to actually pay the bonds off. Can we borrow $1 trillion a year for the entire 21st century and expect to be fine? No. But is our debt level today catastrophic? No signs of that yet. The interest rate on Treasuries reflects several things, including a risk assessment of Treasury debt by those buying it (they'll want a higher interest rate if T-bills are risky, a lower rate if they're not). Seeing how low rates are, there's no indication that Treasuries are a risky investment.
@_date: 2017-04-03 15:29:02
The US left gold for a variety of reasons in 1971,  but gold as the standard for international money had been on the decline since the 1930s, when most countries abandoned it entirely or suspended convertibility for a long period of time.
The gold standard was not the ultimate happy safe stable thing people today pretend it was. They forget the US had more financial panics and crashes under gold than we have had under fiat. 
The gold standard's greatest strength was that it benefited international trade, because exchange rates were stable and defended by central banks. This removed exchange rate risk; you could sign a futures contract for Brazilian coffee in dollars for delivery next year, and you'd know that at the time of delivery, the cost of buying dollars in Brazil to settle the contract will remain the same as it is the day you sign it. There would be no exchange rate issues.
The major downside of the system stems from the fixed rates. Because all countries had fixed exchange rates, the only way for countries to adjust relative to each other is to raise or lower domestic interest rates. By raising interest rates, they'd encourage money to enter the country, and by lowering them they'd do the opposite. Investors would move their deposits into / out of countries based on their interest rates.
The problem is that countries entered recession / depression, which lowered economic expectations and therefore encouraged gold to flee the country. That shrinks the money supply, which exacerbates the downturn because now you have deflation (less money chasing the same goods and services), on top of your economic recession. The default solution, to raise rates, would further hurt the recession because even if gold came into the country, investors would just park their gold in interest-bearing accounts and it wouldn't get invested, because the business outlook is so negative. So raising rates is simultaneously expensive and counter-productive.
This state of affairs was further complicated by the individual central banks. The Great Depression, for example, triggered a round of interest rate hikes around the world as central banks all fought to keep gold inside their borders (before they dropped gold and / or suspended gold movements across their borders, which nearly everyone did). In practice, the system required that every country be at about the same interest rate, all things considered, because an imbalance in interest rates between countries would lead to economic instability. In practice, that meant that interest rates had to move in harmony around the world - effectively, a global system of interest rates, set by the various central banks who often acted in cooperation, in recognition of this necessity. But if the countries stopped working in tandem, due to either political pressure or differences in economic outlook between one country and the others, then the system basically collapses.
The Great Depression made this weakness readily apparent as central banks were forced to choose between what was best domestically for their economies and sticking with / maintaining the international order. Similar problems had already become known during the 20s as the stagnation in England impacted the Fed's interest rate selections, which helped fuel the late 20s boom and crash. Countries were forced to decide whether or not to suffer domestically and keep gold, or do what was necessary domestically and abandon it. They almost all chose to abandon it. Keynes framed it as a tension between democratic politics (which would want stimulus) and technocratic / oligarchic interests (which wanted the gold standard maintained), and in his framing the democratic process won out. 
That's why countries left gold en masse in the 30s. The US devalued by 50% at the time (the other approach, but that defeats the gold standard's main benefit of exchange rate stability) and held on until 71, though by then the only entities allowed to convert dollars to gold were other central banks, not the general public. The decision to finally kill it off in 71 was the culmination of decades of change in the international monetary system, not a one-off decision by Nixon to pay for Vietnam. The circumstances obviously matter (an economic downturn coupled with rising expenditures in Vietnam) but they are the same reasons any other country left gold (an economic downturn coupled with the need to spend money, for Keynesian or other reasons).
@_date: 2016-02-05 15:54:38
No matter what your email, if you sign it with "Jacobin007" and identify your organization as "Bavarian Illumaniti" I'm pretty sure almost nobody in the outside world is going to take you seriously.
@_date: 2016-02-12 22:13:01
The repeal of Glass-Steagall was accomplished via the [Gramm-Leach-Bililey Act]( which also allowed bank holding companies to own non-financial (ie, insurance) companies.
Same law, multiple outcomes.
Good point on the repeal of Glass-Steagall giving banks access to more capital, some of which surely was used to consolidate the industry.
In fairness to those who wrote the law which allowed interstate banking, it was a pretty stupid state of affairs. The emphasis on state-chartered banking dates back to the farmer-populist political movement best personified by William Jennings Bryan; farmers thought that, if banks were forced to remain local (by banning them from opening branches in other states), the banks would be forced to lend to those around them, most notably, farmers. The result was one of the world's most unstable banking systems, because the banks couldn't diversify their risks. If housing in Michigan had a downturn, then every bank in Michigan (which could only invest in Michigan) would have a run on the bank as people expected them to fail. The way to solve this problem, since the politics of local banking was so entrenched, was first through the Federal Reserve (intended to provide capital in the event of a run on the bank, which was made more likely by the stupidity of the banking system's structure) and, some 20 years after the Fed, the creation of the FDIC.
@_date: 2019-04-03 20:26:44


No, it doesn't. It gives money creation powers to the Congress, and then Congress decided to delegate it to another entity. Congress can do whatever it wants with those powers.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:40:09
I think the likeliest outcome for bitcoin is that it becomes a bigger version of what it is today - an alternate way for people to pay for things and send money overseas quickly. I think the most promising market for bitcoin to spread into more is remittances, as that is definitely its best use case right now (besides illegal activities), but the holdup there is (a) technological, in that people need smartphones with apps and or computers, and (b) reliable internet access. If those two things get resolved, then I think that's where the best opportunity is. And there's a lot of places where those issues are resolved that receive a lot of remittances, and I'm sure there are offline solutions as well. It's quite possible that a rural villager could be handed an offline wallet, then their offspring go work in the US and deposit money to that address, and then the villager goes into town once a month to the internet cafe to cash it out. My point is those issues are solvable, they're not deal-breakers in my opinion.
I think it's very unlikely that bitcoin becomes a reserve currency or becomes the official currency of any major country; only a country in truly dire straits (Zimbabwe?) would want to hand over control of its money supply to a group of anonymous, international algorithm-guessers. I also think the built-in deflationary bias of bitcoin would inevitably lead to tensions between domestic political desires and the inflexibility of the bitcoin money supply; just as the gold standard forced countries to pick defending the exchange rate or doing what they wanted domestically, in a bitcoin-run system the same tension would surely take root. 
The deal-breaking reason I don't think bitcoin will become the official currency of any major country is that bitcoin's supply is arbitrarily limited by the code to be 21m coins max. If you wanted true price stability over time, then your money supply should grow at the same rate as your economic growth, because otherwise you'll have inflation (if the supply overshoots economic growth) or deflation (if supply undershoots, which it probably would in a bitcoin system). Given that most people don't have much in savings, inflation tends to primarily hurt lenders and the rich, while deflation hurts borrowers who tend to be poor. Combine that with democratic politics and the occasional financial crash and I think it's likelier that the policies that help poor people win out, which is why the gold standard was dropped originally anyway. The bankers and the rich were adamantly against it. 
This all assumes the blocksize debate gets resolved without the further balkanization of the bitcoin ecosystem. I don't have a horse in that race and see the arguments on both sides, but I think the likeliest outcome is that the blocksize gets raised because that's the most economically efficient outcome. What concerns me about it is the potential for fracturing in versions of bitcoin, which could lead to confusion when it comes to mass adoption (should mass adoption occur).
@_date: 2016-02-12 17:43:07
The short answer is that, in 1994, the USA [changed its federal laws to allow inter-state banking]( They modified [the 1956 Bank Holding Company Act]( to allow banks to own banks in other states.
Banks had previously been restricted to having branches only in one state. Throughout the 80s, as ATM technology expanded, banks successfully argued in court that ATMs didn't constitute a branch, so they started putting ATMs everywhere, effectively operating in multiple states without being allowed to have branches there. Over time, banks effectively became inter-state operators, so the law was changed to realize this new reality.
I can speak more about why banks were restricted to operating in one state, but the answer is long and has to do with US banking history, a history of populist politics, and the debate over central banking in the US that goes back to the nation's founding.
Anyway, the short version of your question is that the restriction in interstate banking went away, so they consolidated. Before the law change, if you're a california bank like say BofA used to be, you can't buy or operate a bank in Nevada. Law changes, so now you can. So the richest banks started buying smaller regional operators. Hence why BofA, which was in one of the largest state markets (california) did so well in consolidation.
@_date: 2017-04-04 02:35:50
Sadly, my network of oligarchs and Chinese princelings with billions of dollars in questionable money is rather limited.
@_date: 2019-04-07 19:52:14


This section does not prohibit a central bank. Furthermore, its restrictions are placed on individual states, not on Congress. Please show me the words which prohibit a central bank.
I'm not arguing a technicality. It is factually incorrect to say "The Fed is fractional reserve." 
@_date: 2016-02-13 16:01:43
Greenspan would "fairness" that by saying that banks wouldn't pursue risky policies such that they require a bailout, because they are self-interested and receiving a bailout would increase their borrowing costs (because their credit rating would surely get hit). And since banks and everyone else in the market is fully rational, they wouldn't take the unnecessary risks that lead to a bailout, because it affects their long-term growth potential.
He should have been fully aware of how stupid that logic is - he'd helped bail out LTCM just a few years earlier - but that's what blind adherence to an ideology does to someone's analytical ability. When you have the answer before you have the question, you will always end up wrong eventually.
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:07:20


Yeah I agree completely, this is the crux of the really interesting aspect of it. If demand for the decentralized currency outstripped that of the fiat, the decentralized one should become more deflationary given that supply is artificially capped. How would a central bank deal with such a problem? And then on the other hand, from a consumer perspective, you'd prefer to denominate your debts in the more inflationary currency, which might lead to increased demand for it. But of course the central bank has more control over the fiat, so it could raise / lower supply as it saw fit. 
And if you really wanted to make your math crazy complicated, you could include international capital flows in your analysis as well. After all, if one country has a domestic fiat currency that is highly inflationary and also has a deflationary cyrptocoin, you'd expect those countries to suffer massive capital outflows because people would just park their money in crypto and not spend it. That would have ripple effects on other countries, just like how central banks moving their pegs up and down pre-1930 could cause massive movements of capital in other countries. Central banks at the time operated in a semi-collaborative way, so for example the US hiked rates to ease pressure on the Brits, and Eichengreen at least thinks that was a major cause for the 29 bubble. And I personally think they're far more collaborative today; there's not much reason for the Fed to keep rates low other than to try and ease pressure on Europe, for example. That collaboration would presumably intensify given the chaos that a global two-currency system would probably create.
 
I do think the silver-gold thing will be of interest for you. Eichengreen made his name talking about the gold standard and from what I recall of Golden Fetters (which i read a long time ago) he did talk about how variances in the market rate price of silver and gold relative to the official exchange rate for the metals led to constant adjustments (or massive outflows) by the central bank. Might be worth starting there.
This is really interesting, thanks for sharing it. I'd be very interested to see what you end up doing.
@_date: 2016-09-14 16:37:57
Oh gotcha. Yeah, it is always problematic to simplify a thesis in 3 paragraphs - that's why they're 50 pages plus to start with!
The coexistence scenario is more interesting and more likely to become reality. I can see what you're getting at now; bitcoin would effectively undermine the central bank's ability to conduct monetary policy, but if national fiat currencies remain, then central banks aren't completely powerless but are instead just weaker. It would be interesting to see how effective a central bank could really be in such a scenario, particularly if one currency is deflationary and the other is inflationary, or if they are inflating at different rates. Given that consumers would likely swarm to the deflationary one (or at least should in classic macro theory), you might end up with a race to the bottom of sorts. Effectively the currency with the lowest inflation rate would win, at least assuming homo economicus.
The taxation issue is another interesting one, because at least with bitcoin there's a jurisdictional issue there. If I buy something from somebody in China and pay for it in bitcoin, but I live in the US, where does the tax get paid? Who does the checking to see?
Very interesting though, thanks for clarifying. I definitely misunderstood what you were getting at.
For historic reference you could look at the bimetallic systems which were prevalent during the gold standard, when countries were sometimes on both gold and silver. As the price of one changed the other would move as well. Something like that might be a good analog for an economy with both fiat and bitcoin currency within it. It's not quite the same since they tended to move together, but there were instances when there would be a big dump of silver which caused inflation there, while gold remained more steady, and vice versa.
Anyway yeah very interesting, thank you for clarifying. I'd be interested to know what your adviser ends up suggesting.
@_date: 2016-02-12 22:09:47
TY sir. Glad to be of service. Thank you for the tip. In case you're interested, I gave a brief version of the history I threatened to provide [here.](
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:48:28
Personally I'd be surprised if there weren't at least some bimetallic models that you could use as a starting point, given how popular the pre-29 era is in macro studies. But I could be wrong, who knows.
I look forward to seeing what you end up with. Happy to help.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:50:22
No problem, thanks for the question. Too many people assume they know the history of stuff from stylized 4 minute youtube videos. Happy to help those who are interested in learning.
@_date: 2016-09-14 20:47:39
Testing existing models with contemporary BTCUSD and BTCEUR could definitely add something to the economic area of currency substitution, which is probably largely theoretical outside countries that actually allow two currencies. Interesting. Good luck with your research, and I'm sure the sub would like to follow along as well.
@_date: 2018-03-07 04:20:02
But Chinese New Year.
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:26:46
Including capital flows might get really complicated really fast, especially if you assume some sort of central bank collaboration as I think exists. Depending on what exactly you're interested in exploring, you might be better off assuming a closed domestic system. That said there might be robust models for the gold standard, maybe even some that are bi-metallic, that you could use as a starting point. I'm not sure since I am not an economist.
Anyway happy to be of help, I'll be interested to see where you end up.
@_date: 2018-03-31 14:19:39
Austrian economics isn't just "out of fashion," it failed. It's not like the economics profession grew bored with their models and gradually shifted toward a new approach. The 2008 crash showed that they failed to understand key dynamics in the financial system and called into question the many, many (Austrian) assumptions which underpinned their conceptual models. As a result, the field is far more heterodox than it was in say 2004, and that's a good thing - groupthink creates fragility.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:43:51


This is kind of self-evident, isn't it? If your starting assumption is the ideal state of bitcoin maximalists, in which bitcoin is the only currency in existence, then central banks will be completely unable to influence anything in monetary policy. They would be completely impotent. If you wanted to see what that looks like, you can look to a time when countries didn't have central banks. Most central banks are products of the 19th-20th century, with exceptions. The US, for example, had a central bank for something like 30 of its first 140 years of existence. 
"Destroy the central bank!" isn't a cutting-edge modern revolutionary position, it's a throwback to the not so distant past, and it is part of long-running political tension between farmers cum populists and financiers, which was made most dramatic in the US with William Jennings Bryan or President Jackson. Central banks in other states evolved differently, but there were always tensions between those who wanted easy money now (usually farmers, since they'd have seasonal cash crunches) and the financial elite who wanted to maintain continuity, especially during the gold standard. My point here is there's a lot of historical data on how economies without central banks performed, so you won't be in the dark making up a completely-unknown future. All you have to do is look at the past.
If you're interested in digital currencies in general, there is a lot of new research in that area. There are economists calling for the abolishment of cash, with some even calling for the central bank to become a glorified consumer-facing depositor location, so as to enable central banks to impact monetary policy. If all money is digital and can be manipulated by a central bank, then the problem of the zero lower bound goes away, because central banks can just tax their deposits. That said, I've personally found this to be a bit silly, because the zero lower bound has proven to be more of an academic than a practical problem since ~2012, especially in Europe and Japan. The basic issue is that economists didn't account for the fact that the ZLB is only likely to come about in deflationary environments, so if its deflationary, people will be willing to lose a little money in absolute terms in order to capture the gains that expected future deflation provides them.
This doesn't really answer your question and is just my take on your thesis, so I apologize if this isn't what you want. Central bank policy has long been an interest of mine - I wrote my master's thesis on the ECB's ever-evolving response to the 2008 crash - so I am interested in the topic in general. Hope this helped.
@_date: 2017-09-13 01:17:06
It's not about assigning blame, it's about preventing a panicky and irrational market from bringing down otherwise-healthy financial institutions in a panic. Which is where the idea of lender of last resort came from, and why the Fed was created in the first place.
@_date: 2018-03-31 15:18:14
That's a great point! I will add that camp. They provide the floor for bitcoin's value, at least unless they move to a more anonymous system. I've heard that the dark web is moving to a couple other coins primarily, but am not expert.
@_date: 2017-09-18 13:22:40
I'm saying the American expectation of what the state should be (which has always been a debate between the Jeffersonian and Hamiltonian schools of thought) is not directly exportable to other cultures. I'm not sure what your point is.
@_date: 2017-09-16 18:39:37


That's what I'm responding to. China's 3,000 years of having a strong centralized government resulted in it being the world's strongest, richest country for ~2,800 of those 3,000 years. It is a mistake to assume that one ideal form of governance is universal and applies to all cultures.
@_date: 2018-02-15 06:10:47
Remember: The market is ALWAYS one of two things:
1. The beginning of a bull run.
2. An opportunity to buy the dip!
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:48:38
Ah sorry I edited my post a couple of times and mixed them up. The shipping ban was during the Ming, but the real wars of conquest by Europeans were during the Qing. Updated my post to be accurate.
@_date: 2017-09-16 14:00:06
Man how hard did you have to contort to make this fit bitcoin?
There have been entire books and careers made out of explaining why the Qing fell to the Europeans. Pretending that one trade policy dating from the mid-16th century explains geopolitics, decades of peasant rebellion which weakened the central government, the Opium Wars, and China getting attacked by pretty much every industrialized country simultaneously is ignorant at best. Idiotic at worst.
@_date: 2017-09-17 13:29:33
If you can't make the argument of those that disagree with you, then you don't really understand their position. From your reply here (and the post for that matter) I'd be willing to bet you know very little of Chinese history or the Chinese mindset. "They're brainwashed" is the laziest possible response to the question "Why do they tolerate the CCP and strong, centralized governments over their history?" And "They just don't know yet" is the default religious zealot's response to "Why doesn't everyone follow my chosen religion?"
Please go educate yourself before assuming your philosophies and principles apply universally to everyone across all time. That is the height of arrogance.
@_date: 2017-09-16 19:29:50
Agreed. It wasn't a continuous 3,000 year period of strong central authority, and as I mentioned, dips in central power tended to correspond with domestic rebellion and mass death. 
I also agree that all strong states are inherently fragile, because they don't just rely on coercive or legal power. They rely on perceptions of strength by most people; if that perception changes, then the number of troops they have doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:51:37
China has had a strong central government for the better part of 3,000 years. The times when it didn't are usually times of chaos, rebellion, and mass death. That's why there's a preference for a strong centralized authority in China. American libertarian ideas don't really apply there; they're not universal.
@_date: 2017-09-16 19:52:58
1/3 of my karma comes from r/eu4 ... doing a Smolensk run right now, eating the HRE alive.
@_date: 2017-10-18 04:26:40


Cap gains does kick in because otherwise, by this logic, any non-USD or barter transaction would be immune from any tax. Stock transactions would also be immune from cap gains (and stocks are the main reason cap gains was invented as a way to tax) by the same logic. 
The simple way to think about cap gains is USD value at time purchased, subtracted from USD value at time sold. This is how it works for cars, stocks, commodities, and pretty much anything else subject to capital gains in the US.
@_date: 2017-09-17 17:26:02


I understand bitcoin, and I disagree that all functions of the state can be replaced with decentralized stateless systems.


I don't know, maybe something involving Chinese history and culture instead of your preferred ideological positions? Dogmatism never results in learning.
@_date: 2018-03-31 14:00:00
There aren't many.  
The bitcoin world, in my observation, has five basic camps:
1. Those who know cryptography and approach the topic as a computer science project. Most of these guys are just interested in coding or contributing. The pure coders don't know much about economics and don't need to, since their interest is the code, the cryptography, and the project as computer science. A significant portion also belong to camp 2.
2. Anarcho-utopians who came to Bitcoin because they felt it has the potential to realize their ideal type of human civilization. These guys sometimes overlap with group 1, but almost none of these know much about economics other than Hayek. As a result, they only talk about Hayek as if there are no legitimate alternatives. Also, because bitcoin is what they think holds the best promise for their ideal future, they very loudly defend against any bitcoin criticism. Giving up on bitcoin means giving up hope on their preferred future. This is root of most "This is actually good for bitcoin" posts.
5. People who actually use it.
3. Economics-minded people who don't know the cryptographic side at all and aren't anarcho-libertarians, but are interested in bitcoin as a currency or blockchain's ability to disrupt multiple industries. I am in this camp. These are the people who say things like "A long-term deflationary currency is a bad currency," prompting angry replies from the anarcho-utopians because, if bitcoin can't work as a currency, it can't usher in their preferred societal type.
4. People in it solely for financial reasons. Some of those are college kids who are doing it because its popular to trade (or was until January), some of those happened to get rich largely through luck and have conflated that luck with sagacity, and a small number know what they're doing - but those guys often are typically traders who have dealt in a variety of instruments before crypto even came to be an asset category.
If I were to give a rough breakdown by camp, I'd guess r/bitcoin is 35% camp 1, 35% camp 2, 15% camp 3, 10% camp 4, and 5% camp 5.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:51:58
You're missing the point. Any currency is divisible to any degree you want it to be, when it's transferred digitally as ~90% of all transactions are. Bitcoin isn't special in that sense.
I don't know what point you're making with Star Trek and the Austrian school, other than throwing around buzzwords. Austrian economics has no insight on the Star Trek post-scarcity environment; IIRC nobody even took a salary, which would go against the Austrian school's myopic focus on humans reacting to economic incentives while ignoring all other motivations.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:58:57


I said Chinese culture is fundamentally different than Americans. American culture is unique to the American historical experience - the whole idea of self-reliant, heavily armed, rugged individuals comes from the American West and the colonial experience of settling a land which contained hostile Indians, hostile British, and hostile Spanish neighbors. Pretending that Chinese people should share that same cultural heritage and therefore buy your view of what the state should or shouldn't be is silly.
@_date: 2017-10-21 23:17:38
The Chinese volume dropoff was immediately replaced with a big increase in volume on the Japanese and South Korean exchanges. China could still fuck with the market if they found a way to stop Chinese citizens from using foreign exchanges, but I'm not sure if that's a technologically-possible goal.
[Source]( with some pretty good graphics.
@_date: 2017-09-16 23:48:39
China was rich as fuck. That wasn't the problem. They had internal rebellions which weakened the state over several decades, fought costly wars which further weakened things, and there was a controversial modernization program which triggered an angry, conservative backlash which further lowered societal cohesion. Only after it had been weakened internally were the European armies able to mount their attacks successfully.
The story is far, far more complicated than "China banned shipping, therefore got weak and overrun."
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:26:13
What matters is % change, not absolute change. You might as well complain that US GDP went up more in one week than crypto market cap did, and therefore US GDP is bubble.
@_date: 2018-02-15 05:50:43
Yes, I too imagine that the bitcoin cap is not set at 21m coins, but is actually set at the ever-changing US population total. Great point.
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:39:02
I don't think you know what you're talking about. The Austrians invented homo economicus, the self-interested, fully-rational, utility-maximizing person in order to do their complex economic calculations. From that myth came the idea of the fully rational market, the efficient markets hypothesis, and a revulsion toward government intervention in the market on the grounds that those distortions shape decision-making and prevent the attainment of an ideal, higher equilibrium. A self-interested, fully-rational, utility-maximizing person would, in the Star Trek universe, do nothing but leisure because all want has been satisfied. Most people would not consider risking life and limb going out fighting Klignons as leisure.
That said, debating this is pretty dumb, so I'm done now.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:19:59
That's a long way to say that inflationary environments encourage more economic activity than deflationary ones. As for whether one is better than the other, that's largely a question of public policy and the environment (there's an argument to be made that our levels of consumption, boosted by an inflationary monetary regime, could be lowered for the benefit of the planet if we left the inflationary monetary regime).
Regardless, your point about divisibility has no bearing on that discussion. Any digital currency trade can be done to whatever accuracy / subdivision you choose. For example, stocks used to be traded at 1/8 of a cent, but are now 1/100 of a cent. There's no reason they couldn't be handled at intervals far smaller than that, and for party to party contracts, they are.
@_date: 2017-10-19 18:07:39
The point of having a conservative estimate is to establish a lower bound to your potential outcomes. If your worst-case estimate is 500% growth, then you're not only probably wrong, but your best-case is going to be even more over the top.
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:07:55
The Fed didn't inject $100bn into the financial system. It participated in $100bn of overnight repos, which are basically 12 hour loans backed by 100% collateral. A bank lends the Fed some assets at night in return for their cash value in USD, and then the next morning the bank buys back its assets from the Fed (plus interest) using USD it raised in the interim. Basically, after 24 hours, the sum result is a slight shrinking of the money supply because the bank has repaid not only the full loan but also some interest. This is in contrast to QE, which was a much longer-term thing in which the Fed bought assets and intends to hold them to maturity. These deals don't even last a full business day.
@_date: 2017-10-15 09:50:55
Savers/creditors are punished in an inflationary monetary system, but debtors are rewarded. Most people are debtors. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 15:02:17
come on, lol. If you heard anyone else describing any other asset class by saying "Most conservative estimate - 500% increase in five years" you'd laugh at him. You should also laugh at this guy. No matter how much you may like his message, or how many statistics and facts he trots out, nobody knows the future.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:02:25
I'm not saying he should do it. I just said that borrowing a conventional currency to buy bitcoin would be a carry trade. The first part of my reply was "assuming the btc price goes up," which is far from certain.
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:03:11
Debtors are rewarded because inflation, over time, lowers the real burden of their debt.
@_date: 2015-04-22 19:04:59
Because the term is incorrectly used interchangeably. And the brokerage might call the liquidation a "margin call" without the call actually taking place.
My personal rant is people who call any dubious financial scheme a "ponzi scheme." But that is another thread ...
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:05:23
Assuming the btc price goes up, yes. This is the forex trading technique called a ["carry trade"](
@_date: 2019-09-18 23:50:32
Banks have to meet minimum deposit requirements at the Fed, which are checked at 3pm every day. Some banks have more than they need on deposit, some have less. The ones with surplus lend on an overnight repo basis to those who are short, and charge them interest for the loan.
The interest rate charged on those loans got rather high due to a confluence of circumstances:
- The corporate tax deadline was Monday, which means banks send payment to Treasury, which lessens systemic liquidity.
- The Fed has a foreign repo program which has gotten more popular for foreign investors. This lessens systemic liquidity.
- The Fed has been unwinding its asset purchases program, which lessens liquidity.
- Treasury has been borrowing a ton because of Trump's huge (and increasing) deficits. This swamps the market for T-Bills, which are purchased by banks (who trade cash for T-Bills), which lessens liquidity.
Some of these things are fixable, some are bigger problems. But as of now, it seems pretty fixable. If the economy collapses again, it won't be because of this (pretty small) federal funds market. For contrast, the 2008 crash really happened when the money market froze. The money market is orders of magnitude greater than the federal funds market.
The doom and gloom folks are over-reacting, and the "Fed just printed $100bn out of thin air" folks are also wrong, because this is basically a 12 hour transaction which is unwound daily. QE is a different thing entirely.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:08:14
Yep :) I just fought a war outnumbered 3:1 by France, Ottomans, and various HRE coalition members. Inflicted 3x more casualties than I took, and won the war in about 4 years. Every general I roll has 6 fire. It's glorious.
@_date: 2015-04-07 19:49:08
Average != median. Also, every metal-backed currency in history has failed, too. [further reading](
@_date: 2017-10-18 04:20:12


No. BTC is considered nothing until it is classified by the relevant tax agency. In the US, the IRS treats it as a commodity. OP asked about capital gains, which is usually used in a US context. Other countries treat BTC differently.
To clarify, if OP had say bought a house for 5 tons of wheat, then sold it for 10 tons of wheat, he'd have to pay capital gains on the 5 tons of wheat profit he'd made. That would be computed by converting the USD value of what he paid for it, subtracted from the USD value of what he sold it for. The same principle applies for, say, stocks. Cap gains is computed not by the number of say IBM shares you own, it's the USD value you paid for them subtracted from the USD value you got for them when you sold.
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:50:05
They must be returning lots of donations, with their website having some way of tracking whose personal info is attached to which donation. Otherwise, they are just ridiculously open for investigation on campaign finance violations.
@_date: 2017-10-19 18:39:10
99% chance of failure in 5 years, with a 1% chance of 1000x returns, would generate a conservative estimate of zero. If you think of this in terms of statistical distributions, what you're saying is that we should overweight the tails and underweight the rest. Which is not how distributions work.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:43:22
Right, that's what I meant.
My problem with those sites (as well as those in USD, like kickstarter or indiegogo) is the inability of most lenders to actually verify the veracity of the borrower. That's where traditional banks still have a skillset that is worth keeping.
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:46:02
500% increase != "conservative estimate". That's my point.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:28:49
Because the world does not work that way. If it did, Hawaii would be inhabited by dozens of micronations claiming sovereignty over whichever outcrop of lava flow was the newest. Better yet, a private person could build a pontoon in the Atlantic, call it theirs, and declare themselves sovereign.
International law doesn't work that way.
@_date: 2015-04-15 18:34:45
Wow, this is the dumbest post I've read on in months. Confirming that bitcoin is now a living organism.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:53:50
@_date: 2019-09-18 16:31:57
The best answer seems to be a confluence of unrelated things. It's not really a sign of a major issue, as much as it is a sign that the Fed needs to adjust its policy with regards to this particular market.
If it's still happening in a few days, then we have something more important to look at.
@_date: 2019-09-19 15:12:30
The lender always values the collateral, since they are lending based upon it. In this case, it's the Fed.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:45:52
Most of those are part of larger chains. 
The fact is, again, there is no recognized simple route to becoming a state. But it certainly isn't "Here's a piece of land you guys forgot to survey, it's mine now!"
@_date: 2015-04-18 17:38:21
Because international law doesn't work that way. It would cause chaos. Hawaii would be inhabited by dozens of micronations that own whatever the freshest volcanic outpouring of lava is.
@_date: 2015-04-18 07:18:31
Confirming that 3 square miles of river island bordering Croatia are vulnerable to imminent US, EU, or Russian attack. Give me a break, armchair Jane's analyst.
This piece of land won't be awarded to him, regardless of whether or not it is actually terra nullis or not. And even if it was, I would be fucking amazed to see the EU announce that its first purely offensive action would be to roll tanks and occupy this, a vitally-important three square miles of marshland that might have been unaccounted for in a 1940s survey.
@_date: 2015-04-29 14:48:46


This one killed my cat.
@_date: 2019-09-19 15:17:57


I have another post outlining the causes [here]( I would agree that this liquidity shortfall is, on the surface, similar to the collapse of the money market in 2008, but these two markets are not really analogous. The money market is orders of magnitude larger than the Federal funds market, primarily because almost everyone, including non-financial companies, participates in the money market. When the money market seized up, that's when Lehman went under and that's when we had the crisis in full force. I'd be surprised if the Federal funds market is the source of systemic instability, if only because it's so much smaller than the money market writ large, and because the Fed can intervene much more easily in it.
@_date: 2015-04-18 14:20:42
As is yours, lol. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:21:05
No, they're not. There's nothing revolutionary about bitcoin as a currency. Limited-supply, deflationary currencies that don't allow for adjusting of supply in relation to demand have been used in the past. Economists might not understand the blockchain, but they certainly do understand how currencies work and why the global currency landscape is the way it is. I would bet money that you, on the other hand, do not.
It is my view that many people's support of bitcoin as a currency is derived not from its economic principles, but instead their adulation of the blockchain technology which it enables. Because they're in love with the idea of the blockchain, they assume that the economics of bitcoin will also work beyond its present scope. Instead of simply being the thing that powers the blockchain, bitcoin will become a global reserve currency and / or will become a major currency used in day to day activities of billions of people. 
That's just not going to happen. Cash isn't going away, and countries aren't going to adopt bitcoin as their currency. That removes one of the most powerful policy levers at their disposal - interest rates and the money supply - and would bring the world back to the days of the gold standard, which by the way, failed.
Hence, bitcoin won't usher in utopian anarchy dreamland. It will remain what it is - the thing powering the blockchain - albeit on a possibly-larger scale. It isn't going to replace cash worldwide, and it isn't going to disrupt (how I hate that overused term) governance. If the state wanted to kill bitcoin, it could - either by severing the internet connection (worst case), banning the use of bitcoin by private individuals (more likely, and already done in some places), or banning any financial firm from dealing with it (most likely). Any of these options would save the state from whatever threat bitcoin posed.
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:29:44
I don't know / give a shit about subreddit drama, but the last one - that Rand Paul accepting bitcoin donations allows for easier circumvention of campaign finance limitations - is pretty spot on. That said, I'm sure that his people are going to be returning any donations that don't come from their website - ie, those that aren't from individuals who provide their name, address, phone  etc. If they aren't doing that, then they are idiots, and will very quickly find themselves under all sorts of campaign finance investigations.
What would be more worrisome is a superPAC that accepts unsolicited bitcoin donations. 
@_date: 2019-09-18 16:47:27
Banks are required to keep a certain amount of money on deposit at the Fed every day. That amount is checked at 3pm. If a bank is short of funds, instead of actually selling assets and depositing the cash with the Fed, they borrow from other banks to meet their required levels on an overnight basis (this transaction is called a "repo"). Basically they borrow in order to make the 3pm requirement, then pay back the loan by open of business the next day, and get their assets back. The lending bank charges the borrowing bank an interest rate, called the "effective federal funds rate." 
The collateral is anything other banks will accept, but is probably ABS of some kind.
The reason for the article is that the effective federal funds rate went quite high, higher than the Fed wanted it to. Banks were short of liquidity in the federal funds market - not in the market writ large - and so the Fed decided to lend to them directly. As in all repos, the Fed took 100% collateral (or close to it) for its loans and charged the borrowing banks interest.
The point of putting down 100% collateral is that the loan is a temporary, overnight measure to ensure daily compliance. It is not something meant to fund actual operations or be long-lasting.
@_date: 2019-09-29 17:29:06
The reason monetary authorities choose to aim for low inflation (as opposed to no inflation) is that deflation is worse than inflation. In a deflationary environment, people expect that their cash today is going to be worth more tomorrow, so they only invest in enterprises whose profitability exceeds the profit they'd get by sitting on their investment. Spending also declines, because it becomes rational to defer as much spending as possible to a future date. Getting out of that deflationary spiral is extremely difficult, as Japan in the 90s and Europe since 2008 show. Periods of deflation in economic history are usually longer-lasting and far more destructive than high inflation periods. In the US, the 1870s, 1890s, and 1930s were all deflationary periods which lasted multiple years, if not decades, and severely impact economic growth for a long time afterwards.
When there's zero inflation, we're not too far away from that deflationary spiral. So, bankers aim for low but manageable inflation (typically 2%), for several reasons. First, it acts as a buffer against deflation - inflation could drop from 2% to 1%, and we'd still have avoided deflation. Second, that buffer gives them some room to maneuver, to print money (to restore the desired level of inflation) or to cut its supply (if inflation gets above the target). 
Basically, nobody knows how to really fix a deflationary spiral, so low and manageable inflation is the next best thing.
So, would a zero inflation currency be ideal? Hypothetically, if zero inflation could be guaranteed in perpetuity, there's no reason to think it wouldn't work. The problem is in the implementation, because actually creating a zero-inflation currency which stays at zero for long periods of time is probably impossible. Every currency fluctuates in response to the supply and demand of it in a given economy, so we can't pretend that keeping things at zero is actually possible.
Bitcoin isn't a zero-inflation currency. It is purposefully deflationary: its supply is designed to shrink as demand for it increases. A zero-inflation currency would expand and contract in response to the demand for it in the economy; in a growing economy, there is a growing need for currency, and so the amount in circulation would need to expand to prevent deflation. The inverse is also true: a shrinking economy needs less currency in circulation to facilitate transactions, so supply should shrink to avoid inflation.
In the ideal scenario, supply of bitcoins would vary in response to demand for them - and Satoshi investigated coding it like this - but implementing that in such a way as to be immune from market speculation is likely impossible as well.
@_date: 2017-10-15 14:27:44
Increasing supply of a currency causes inflation only if the supply of the currency outstrips demand for it. Demand can be caused by economic growth (which requires more of the currency to facilitate an increase in transactions), investment demand (think people investing in dollars), and other sources. Absolute supply of currency is meaningless with regards to inflation without knowing at least economic growth, and ideally the other sources of demand for it as well.
In a perfect world in which all information is known, currency supply would grow / shrink exactly with the rate of change in demand for it. That would result in a 0% inflation currency. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 15:50:07
Negative interest rates don't necessarily put the world on course for mass default, because what matters is who is doing the buying.
Private investors, buying bonds at negative interest rates, are basically guaranteeing themselves losses. If / when interest rates rise, their bonds will fall in value. They will either hold onto a bond which loses money, or they will sell it at a loss. Now, the only reason they agreed to buy the bond in the first place is (typically) because they expect the currency in which it is denominated to appreciate, so it's possible that they won't incur the losses that would, if nothing changes, happen.
The second class of investor buying these bonds are the central banks. To those guys, it doesn't matter. They will simply hold the bonds to maturation, and will never actualize the paper losses which they'd have if they were to sell their bonds on the open market. 
It is not a foregone conclusion that negative rates lead to default. It is more of a risk for private investors than other types of investors, but in both scenarios it is not guaranteed.
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:45:21
Yeah. I mean it's even possible that the 200k euro goes to another bank, who also doesn't bother to clear it with the original institution for a long period of time. Banks have operated on IOUs from other banks, particularly during times of crisis, which don't get cleared for days if not weeks.
What I'd like is for him to get the 200k loan, then withdraw it all to cash. Then see how the bank treats it. But still, it's a very interesting experiment and I definitely want to see the followup.
Also, it now occurs to me that there might be a problem in going to a small local bank in Germany and extrapolating from its practices how the entire banking system must work. To make that claim they need to investigate multiple banks, and convince some of the big boys to play along too.
@_date: 2015-04-07 21:36:21
"Gold standard" is usually meant to describe the gold-backed monetary order pre-1930 (or pre-1971, depending on where you're looking) in which nearly every country issued domestic paper currency which was convertible to gold, at a fixed rate determined by the central bank. The reason for the caveat on the date is that most countries either abandoned gold convertibility or devalued during the 1930s. After WWII, European countries did not return to gold but instead pegged, or made their currencies convertible at a fixed rate, to the dollar, which was backed by gold. So, depending on your perspective, Europe was on dollar-gold or it wasn't. The US was on gold until 1971.
Gold as a commodity is different than the "gold standard."
The gold standard is not alive and well. It died in the 1930s (or 1971, as I mentioned) and has been replaced by the current, floating fiat, monetary system. Today's system is fundamentally different than the one 50 years ago.
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:04:11
Nope. The dollar is infinitely divisible when it is traded digitally, as most dollars are. Divisibility has nothing to do with demand vs supply for it.
@_date: 2015-04-19 15:56:02
Not really, but I don't think it matters. I have made my point - that becoming a state isn't a straightforward, simple process . That's all I was trying to do in this conversation.
@_date: 2015-04-01 18:33:24
Sure, it's weird that a 4 day old account is posting such detailed things on That said, if the gov't was going to shill, wouldn't it buy old accounts? They only cost like $20-$50, the last time I looked.
Also, please tell me if I'm wrong here: DPR did hire a hitman and did try to have a murder committed. It just so happens that the hitman was a DEA agent and the person he wanted killed was another DEA agent who was stealing from DPR without DEA orders. And, in any event, the murder charge was dropped (because, obviously, the death was faked ... by the DEA).
As far as I'm aware, the other charges against DPR were unaffected by the (hilarious) DEA malfeasance. Or am I wrong? It's possible I haven't read everything.
@_date: 2017-10-18 03:51:41
For tax purposes, no. The government cares about USD value at time of purchase, and USD value at time of sale. That's why the IRS treats BTC as a commodity.
Think of it another way. If you paid in gold for a house in 2009, and sold it today for gold again, what would you report the value as? It wouldn't just be the difference in gold paid, it would be the difference in USD value as represented by gold in both transactions.
@_date: 2015-04-20 17:14:03
I said cash because I want to avoid the digital clearing system entirely. There are all kinds of reasons that the banks might not clear transactions 1 to 1 - see an earlier post by someone else in this chain, for example - and so it isn't necessarily a case of money created out of thin air, but could easily be a case of how banks handle interbank lending internally. Hence, cash, which simplifies the whole question.
I mean, if banks regularly acted by creating money out of thin air and the money never left the banking system (meaning that it only gets shuffled around accounts, as opposed to actually cashed out or put into something that isn't a financial instrument), then the entire system would collapse, and quickly. 
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:01:36
That's not what it is. The Fed acted to lower the effective federal funds rate, which is the interest rate banks charge each other for overnight lending to cover required deposits at the Fed. The liquidity shortfall was not market-wide, but was limited to federal funds banks have on deposit at the Fed. It's financial arcana of interest basically only to monetary nerds like me.
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:31:43
That's fine. You have a preference and you can live in a place which reflects that preference. But you should be aware that not everyone shares your preferences, that your philosophy is not universal, and it probably doesn't apply to China in general.
I'm no China apologist FWIW, I disagree with their repression of free speech and internal dissent. I also don't think the CCP is going to survive in the long-run because of their mismanagement of the country and corruption. But I don't think we should take, as our starting position, "All people want democracy and therefore China should want democracy too."
@_date: 2015-04-03 20:05:06
It appears this Friday's euphoric posts have begun early.
Banks will be required as long as people want loans. Even if bitcoin takes over the world, there will be bitcoin banks - using fractional reserve banking, despite the opposition to FRB here - and there will be loans.
Banks won't be obsolete in ten years. They might transform into bitcoin banks, but the traditional role of banking - evaluating the credit worthiness of various entities and issuing commensurate loans - won't go away.
@_date: 2019-09-18 16:23:27
Yeah, basically. It's a financial oddity, which might warrant the Fed changing policy since the overall cause seems to be illiquidity in this specific market. It could spill over into the real economy, but as yet it hasn't. The likeliest explanation is that a combination of factors has rendered this specific niche market illiquid.
@_date: 2019-09-19 15:50:23
I agree that people in crypto tend to know far more about crypto than they do about finance and monetary policy in general. There's an interesting tension within the community between those two camps, best exhibited by Satoshi including the famous link to the Times article on bank bailouts in the genesis block.
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:48:02
Probably, yes. Lots of transactions are done daily outside the banking system, using cash or IOUs or some form of in-kind trade or whatever. Plus, there are lots of people even in highly-developed economies like the US that exclusively use cash. Simply banning cash tomorrow is completely unfeasible, and would result in many people's lives being made worse off.
It's an academic experiment in "what can we do to make central banks more effective" more than it is a realistic policy proposal.
@_date: 2015-04-03 21:41:39
Hopefully the deflation won't be severe (say 10%+), because if that happens, nobody will want to do anything with it but keep it. That means no spending, in addition to no lending, which means death of bitcoin as any kind of medium of exchange, making it more like an investment than a currency.
In a low-deflation (say 0-5%) environment the interest rate charged on loans would be near-zero. It's possible that even negative-rate loans could exist. Europe has shown that banks and private investors are perfectly willing to buy negative-yield bonds, though they do so for a variety of reasons that don't necessarily apply to bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-18 20:56:02
The UN calls it bullshit, and I tend to agree with them. I'm not an expert on land claiming, but AFAIK the UN requirement is that the land be self-sustaining - meaning that someone could live there, without needing to leave, for a very long period of time. Seasteading fails that test.
The fact is that there is no clearly determined process by which states get legitimized. That said, I do know that the process does not consist of some guy saying "I'm sovereign now!" and expecting everyone to take him seriously.
@_date: 2015-04-17 13:26:14
Only a person ignorant of economics could see shorting as a malicious activity, worthy of being punished by karma.
@_date: 2015-04-15 19:15:30
Is bitcoin an apple?
Apples reproduce. Bitcoins get mined, and therefore reproduce. Check.
Apples are tasty. While I can't eat bitcoins, I certainly do have an appetite for bitcoins. Check.
Apples can be made into pies. While I can't make pies with bitcoin, I can purchase pies with bitcoin. And what's the difference, really? Check.
Apples come in different colors (red and green). Bitcoin has colored coins that can have colors. Check.
@_date: 2015-04-26 20:44:40
They already know how to make money off it. That's why they hire smart people, exactly to figure out how to make money off of new opportunities.
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:54:47
Interesting, I didn't know that silver/gold were used for big payments. I'm also surprised that the word is the same in Mandarin as in Korean, given that they come from different language trees. One must have borrowed it from the other.
Thanks for the info!
@_date: 2019-09-19 18:41:24
@_date: 2015-04-17 13:26:53
As opposed to pushing the price up for profit, which is ok?
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:19:24
The guy's reasoning is pretty straightforward:
1. central banks lose effectiveness at the zero lower bound (ZLB, or the point at which interest rates are zero) because simply holding cash is preferable to earning negative rates. The central bank might want to charge -2% interest, but you can just park cash in your mattress and avoid those losses.
2. If there was no cash, then one couldn't put it in one's mattress. One would keep it on deposit, where one has no way to avoid negative interest rates.
3. Therefore, ban cash.
It's a simple line of reasoning. It is also empirically wrong, because central banks have shown post-2008 that they do have tools they can use at and beyond the ZLB (most notably, QE). It ignores that many institutions have been willing and able to invest in not only states, but also private enterprises, at negative rates as in the Eurozone, indicating that everyone doesn't just spontaneously park all their cash in a negative rate environment. And it does take as its fundamental assumption that central banks should be able to impact things. If you disagree with that, then you won't like his logic for banning cash.
@_date: 2015-04-19 23:22:55
Ad homonym lol. 
Awarded in a legal sense, which is where this will be decided. He won't win in court.
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:23:57
This is a very interesting study, and I'm surprised that a similar type of experiment hasn't already been carried out. It's a very simple experiment.
The only issue I can see with it is that the funds weren't sent outside the bank. The researcher asked for a 200k euro loan, and his accounted was credited with 200k euros without that amount being withdrawn from any other account owned by the bank. I don't mind that, because whatever, they probably handle their clearing of payments when clearing time comes. What matters is what happens when the researcher spends that 200k euro at a place that isn't the bank he got it from. If he went out and bought 200k euro worth of candy bars at a street vendor somewhere, then the vendor now has that 200k euro, and that has to come from someplace. The bank can't hand the vendor 200k in fictitious credits.
To the researcher's credit, there is this paragraph:


And that's the one I really care about. Right now he's just analyzed a bank's internal accounting practices, more than he's analyzed the role that the bank plays in the broader financial system.
Interesting study for sure, and I'll definitely want to read the follow-up he promised.
@_date: 2019-09-18 17:19:19
Yes. When the transaction is unwound, the money supply will actually shrink by more than the Fed's (18-hour) expansion, because the bank will have repaid the loan plus interest.
@_date: 2019-09-19 19:22:35
QE and these repos are aimed at completely different market segments. The actions are comparable in that they're similar financial transactions (an asset is given as collateral for a loan), but their maturities are completely different: one is overnight (these repos), and the other lasts decades (QE). They're related in that both are aimed at restoring liquidity, but the duration of the transactions and their scales matter. Comparing the two is like comparing a 30-year home mortgage to the national deficit. 
The reason for the Fed getting involved in the federal funds repo market drying up isn't a lack of bank trust - that would show up in money markets before it shows up in the federal funds market - but instead what seems to be a one-off, short-term liquidity crunch in one, relatively small, niche market. Banks were not keeping as much money in federal funds as they used to, for a variety of reasons which I've talked about in other posts. That could easily change. It doesn't have to do with interbank trust, but instead simple supply.
@_date: 2015-04-09 14:11:09
I think you're conflating two categories in your first grouping.
There are people who like the technology and support bitcoin as a result. And there are also people who like the political implications (they would say "political intent") of the technology, who then support bitcoin as a result. They are not necessarily the same, though they often are. Those are the people who justify bitcoin on the grounds of "you can circumvent the banking system" and "bitcoin will stop wars!" as opposed to talking about the blockchain itself, independent of political calculus.
I, for example, appreciate the technology of bitcoin but think its political implications are extremely overblown. Most of my replies in this subreddit are expressing that view.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:52:20
It depends on how edgy you're trying to be. If you want super edgy, then it is definitely "dangerous." If you want tech edgy, then it is "disruptive." If you want conventional, then it is "innovative."
@_date: 2019-09-18 16:07:44


Not in this market. In the federal funds market, it's a matter of liquidity, not trust. Banks have assets they'd rather not get rid of, and interest rates went higher than they were expecting to pay. 
FWIW the Fed offered something like $80bn of repos last night, of which only $55bn were taken. If the banks were desperate, they would have taken it all.
@_date: 2019-09-17 17:49:05
And the requirement that taxes be paid in it.
@_date: 2015-04-07 21:45:56
Did you read my post?
The gold standard is not alive and well. Gold as a commodity != the gold standard. Central banks also hold other precious metals beyond gold.
There is no major country in which, today, you can take cash to your bank and convert it to gold at a fixed rate printed on said cash. That's the gold standard.
@_date: 2015-04-17 17:51:33
I still think it won't be until end of the year. But yeah, good call on the remindme.
Economists were saying June, then the Fed made noises, and now they think late fall. I'd bet something changes between now and September, so who knows. But rate rises do seem to be coming ... eventually ...
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:45:09
Currencies work like anything else, supply and demand. If supply is greater than demand, you get inflation, and if supply is less than demand, you get deflation. What matters is relative change between currency supply and demand, not absolute change.
Demand comes from two main sources - economic growth, and investor demand. Economic growth means that as the number / value of transactions increases (with growth), supply needs to grow with it. Otherwise you have fewer dollars facilitating a greater number of transactions, which means demand is greater than supply. Investor demand is more straight-forward; investors want dollars because the Treasury market is the world's largest and most liquid market, so it's easy to park tons of money in T-Bills without losing much money when you want to get out of your investment.
In the US case post-08, supply of dollars increased tremendously but demand also increased tremendously because the dollar is widely seen as the world's safest, biggest market. Given economic fears, investors around the world flooded into the Treasury market as a safe place to park their cash. Chinese export policy also necessitates that they buy and hold large amounts of USD (I can explain that, but it's a little lengthy, so just trust me here). The sum of those desires increased demand for dollars as supply of dollars increased, the result was that we didn't get much inflation and in fact Treasury borrowing costs were at historic lows. There's even an argument to be made that the US should have taken advantage of those historically-low rates to borrow even more and invest the money in a sovereign wealth fund (same with the EU and its present-day negative interest rates), but I digress.
tl;dr supply and demand, supply went up but so did demand, so no inflation.
@_date: 2015-04-08 03:07:29
Every metal-backed currency in history has failed.
@_date: 2015-04-29 16:52:02
Depends. On primary markets (directly from the states issuing them), lots of people are surprisingly willing to buy negative interest-rate bonds. They have been doing so for months in Europe. On secondary markets, it's a little murkier, but I do know that multiple private companies have been able to issue negative-rate corporate bonds to private investors, so there are still people willing to buy those, too.
Economically speaking, a lot of academics thought that this scenario would never happen. They figured that no rational investor would agree to a bond which costs them money. They were wrong, because a lot of investors are perfectly willing to do it. As for why, there's some debate, but the best reason seems to be that investors are betting that the currency appreciates relative to other currencies. So say for example that you own a Euro-denominated bond which earns you -.1% interest every year. That sucks. But if the Euro itself rises .1% relative to say the dollar, then you are effectively breaking even in dollar terms. If the Euro rises more than .1% (and we are talking about the lifespan of the bond here, not short-term) then you are making money, even if you are earning -.1% on the bond itself.
It's a strange world, and economists largely did not expect this to be the case at all. But it's here.
@_date: 2015-04-03 15:57:46
TA does have some justifications. They are:
* Trader psychology. Think "that's what I got in at, so that's my stop point!" or "if it hits this point, then it has to keep going so I will buy!"
* Market-making activities. If a price spike or drop happens, major institutions might be out of supply of a given stock or financial product. They then buy to satisfy their clients, but in the time between them running out and buying again, supply and demand of a given product gets out of whack. That results in spikes / drops.
So there is some justification for it, but it's not really "I drew a red line and this indicates things!" Volume and other things matter much more than some kid drawing triangles on a price chart. Also, given how the market for bitcoin is so small, it is unlikely that major market-makers exist. So the second TA reason I've provided doesn't apply to bitcoin, and all we're left with is trader psychology. Added to that are the needs of miners to make a profit.
@_date: 2015-04-24 23:08:25
It's bad poetry, and it is excessively angsty. It is the kind of thing a dejected teenager writes while on drugs.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:47:35
I would guess about 20 years, and am too lazy to google it.
It's fine if you like the idea of a libertarian state and support it, but the process of actually making a "state" is more complicated than most people understand and is far, far messier than you'd expect. That is what I am trying to indicate in this conversation. The simple "this is mine now" just isn't how statehood is achieved.
@_date: 2015-04-19 06:01:41
While sufficiently edgy, you failed to answer my question.
@_date: 2015-04-08 03:16:00
Hoarding is the correct term, because it describes how people are rewarded for sitting on their cash. Instead of investing it, wherever that may be, it is quite possibly more attractive to many to hold onto their cash. That removes cash from the economy, increasing deflation, and if everyone acts in their economic interest then eventually the dreaded deflationary spiral takes place. If everyone doesn't sit on their cash, you still have a large number of people doing nothing with their money. That suppresses investment, decreases available credit, and has other deleterious effects on economic growth.
The inflationary environment is not without its problems either, as you pointed out. It does encourage malinvestment because people are punished for sitting on their cash. That said, inflation is pretty easy to deal with. Countries have been fighting it successfully for years. You shrink the money supply (usually by raising interest rates), or in more extreme cases, go shock and awe to change investor expectations. 
Deflation is a different problem, and harder to fix. Nobody really knows how to fix it. The consensus today is to print money, hoping to counteract expectations and encourage investment. That, in turn, risks hyperinflation (not really a risk yet, but in theory, it could happen). 
My point here is that there are pros and cons to both inflation and deflation. Inflation gives more policy flexibility because interest rates can be raised and lowered pretty safely, but has the obvious drawbacks. Deflation gives less policy flexibility because interest rates stop mattering, and instead central banks have to take all sorts of bizarre and unforseen measures to counteract it. Both approaches have drawbacks, and there is no definitive "this is better than the other" argument to be made here.
@_date: 2015-04-18 07:15:24
It's not considered terra nullis. Some guy claims it is. Even if he has a good case, it won't be decided in his favor. What country would agree to that?
Rivers change course, beaches erode and grow. You don't get to walk out to the beach tomorrow and say "Behold, this square foot of beach is now dry and didn't exist at the last time people made cadastral maps, therefore this patch of sand is terra nullis and I claim it for me!" 
The two problems with that are (a) the map, and (b) the fact that some guy thinks he can just claim it by virtue of being there. This isn't Christopher Columbus' New World. You don't get to claim land by planting a flag on it and calling it yours anymore.
@_date: 2017-10-18 00:37:33
If you bought an item for X bitcoin in 2013, then sold it for Y bitcoin in 2017, the math works the same way. X$ = USD value paid in 2013, Y$ = USD value in 2017. Y$-X$ = capital gains. apply tax.
@_date: 2015-04-18 07:07:06
Depends on your definition of "nation." I would even say that "nation" is a bad term, because "nation" usually has ethnic undertones (think "Cherokee nation") without necessarily having geographic implications. Sometimes people skirt this problem by using the term "nation-state" because it implies a state (itself problematic, see below) which has nation-based roots.
"State" is usually a clearer term, but even then people have a hard time defining what a "state" is. If it's an entity that has defined borders, a military, and governance, then ISIS is a state right now. If it's about other existing states admitting you into the club, then ISIS isn't but Hutt River certainly isn't either. On the other hand, South Sudan is a "state" in that it was admitted to the UN, but its borders are not exactly clearly defined and it can't really defend them, and its governance within its borders is highly lacking. And don't get me started on say Somalia, which is in the UN but whose central government controls a couple of buildings in Mogadishu and little else.
@_date: 2015-04-18 20:56:47
They're not saying that. The borders are still being negotiated. All he said is "Woohoo, nobody's claimed this as part of the settlement talks yet, so it's mine now!" and there's no way that it will end up that way.
@_date: 2015-04-26 16:01:08
Why would they bother? if bitcoin gets big, it gives them better ability to make money off it. No big bank can make enough money trading something with a market cap of $5bn. You'd have to control way too much of the volume - a giant risk - to make enough money to matter. Bigger bitcoin gets bigger press, so then you can more easily sell a derivative or ETF on it.
@_date: 2015-09-17 21:47:01
@_date: 2015-09-05 23:34:17
He's clearly arguing a point. He is not at all trying to accurately describe things. He's a gold seller, those guys say anything to scare people into buying gold.
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:45:18
Most exchanges that are open to the public have automated systems for managing loss, because the number of idiots on said exchanges is high and that puts the exchange at risk of blowing up. This happened, in fact, to one of the larger forex trading companies after Switzerland surprised the world by abandoning its Euro ceiling a couple months ago.
Usually, that system is automated. The customer knows they must keep their leverage within x% of their invested capital. That's part of the contract / EULA they agree to. If their leverage exceeds that limit, the exchange liquidates the owner's holdings until the leverage falls back within acceptable bounds. If that results in the liquidation of the account holder's entire account, then that's what happens.
So yeah, your definition is technically correct, but it is not at all unusual for public-facing exchanges to not issue a "margin call" and instead just liquidate positions until their requirements are met.
@_date: 2015-09-05 22:33:36
I'll play along. So the bank has given you an imaginary loan. You presumably intend to spend that money, so how does your imaginary loan get spent? Who accepts it?
@_date: 2017-10-19 21:26:21


This assumes multiple attempts. With a prediction on future bitcoin price, there's one. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 16:26:00
If you had perfect information, you could. I'm saying that those things are why levels form and then disappear.
I don't trade on TA and wouldn't recommend it either. I'm just saying there are some justifications for its use, provided it is used in combination with other sources of information (ie, not drawing lines on a price chart).
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:46:06
As for why optimal currencies are not deflationary, one need only look at Europe. Look at everything they're doing now to fight off a deflationary currency. While recent research has cast some doubt on deflation as the bogeyman that most economists think it is, it is still generally accepted by scholars that the downsides of deflation (particularly that it rewards hoarding) are worse than the downsides of inflation. Part of that is economic reasoning, and part of that is the simple fact that we have more empirics for inflationary currencies than we do deflationary. 
@_date: 2019-09-19 16:40:48
It's this, plus the Fed ending its securities purchase program, the popularity of the Fed's foreign repo program (reducing foreign investment in the US money market), and expanded Treasury borrowing due to Trump's deficits.
There's too many people here who don't understand how the financial system works, but instead see any issue as a guaranteed return to the 2008 crash. This really is not a big deal, because these are overnight repos that have no impact at all on the money supply beyond 24 hours.
@_date: 2015-04-17 17:02:10
Short selling is not a modern financial product. Or are you saying you're against futures (which I would bet actually predate formalized stock markets, by the way), and as a result thing short selling should be banned?
@_date: 2015-09-18 19:24:05
Central bankers are interested in abolishing cash because they can, in theory, directly apply monetary policy to people's bank accounts. If they are trying to stimulate spending by using negative interest rates, one way to (force) do that is to literally take 1% or whatever it is out of everyone's bank accounts every year. So everybody goes out and spends money to avoid that tax, and bada bing we have what the central bankers want.
That's his logic. It has nothing to do with being a proponent of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-09 22:11:02
I mean the transexual alpaca, whatever, Trump's gotta do Trump naw sayin. But stripper cocaine farts? That's just ... that's just over the line sir.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:00:10
Right, it wouldn't necessarily be near-zero. I meant that to express that it would be lower than what we would expect from a loan today, given the deflationary bias.
All of this is purely academic at this point since we don't know what the future rates will be, of course.
I agree with everything in your post.
@_date: 2015-09-06 14:04:05
The fed making money out of thin air is what the fed does. We were debating how a private bank could make up money out of thin air too. But it appears my compatriot got bored and quit.
@_date: 2019-09-18 16:09:47
"Federal funds" means funds that banks have on deposit at the Fed. The "effective federal funds rate" is the interest rate that banks charge each other for borrowing in that market.
The Fed didn't create $54bn this morning. It took $54bn of assets as collateral for $54bn worth of 18-hour loans (called "overnight repos;" the "repo" means "repossession," because the banks will repossess their collateral tomorrow when the transaction is unwound).
@_date: 2015-09-05 23:38:28
How did the bank get the cash to give to you? It's a fictitious loan, remember.
@_date: 2015-09-28 18:01:18
No, not true. Banks were able to manipulate the spot prices of commodities, for example. LIBOR is a different beast because that method of manipulation - simply lying to the BoE when it called and asked what the rates were - doesn't really apply to bitcoin (although presumably, somehow, it could?). 
Anyway, if banks were able to manipulate the commodities market (and are under investigation for the Treasury market too), there's every reason to expect they'd be able to manipulate a bitcoin market, even if it is an order of magnitude larger than it is today. Increased size makes it harder, but doesn't make it impossible. Not to the mega banks that have survived the 2008 crash.
@_date: 2015-09-18 22:07:31
The "if we abolish cash, we can manipulate people's bank accounts" thing always seemed stupid to me. It's always struck me as something an academic would make up as an ideal scenario (from the central banking perspective) but will never happen in real life. People will just find an alternative place to keep their money, either in commodities or via an infinite number of other ways that aren't keeping your life savings in a checking account.
@_date: 2017-09-13 00:55:53
Neither did Wells Fargo. Bernanke/Geithner made them take it because any bank which didn't take aid would be perceived by the market as weaker, which would necessitate a bailout in the near future. Because, despite what the Hayek type people think, markets are often irrational and prone to human fallacies.
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:10:08
You said the bank makes up money out of thin air, and then gave you that amount in cash. That means the money couldn't be fake, because you have it physically as cash.
@_date: 2015-04-24 18:32:12
Yikes man. You should take this down before it comes back to haunt you five years from now.
@_date: 2015-04-07 21:39:06
First, no sane person would ever agree that Leno &gt; Conan.
Floating currencies are like democracy. They're the best thing we have, and they happen to be the most recent. There are many economic reasons that floating fiat replaced fixed-rate gold, which had many problems and failed for the last time in 1971.
Apologies for confusing your stance as a defense of the gold standard.
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:38:18
Those people are talking about the underlying blockchain technology, while trying to avoid the economic problems of bitcoin as a widely-used currency. The blockchain is a fantastic technology and a wonderful idea, but bitcoin as a reserve currency holds many economic problems. They aren't really thinking about how it functions, they're just trying to use the blockchain technology while avoiding the pitfalls of bitcoin as a currency.
Personally I think that the whole thing is a non-issue. In my view, bitcoin will remain what it is today - an alternative means of payment used by private individuals for whatever they want - and won't become the bank-breaking, government-ending, utopian-anarchist wet dream that some proponents believe. Bitcoin as it is today is fine. Deflation isn't a concern, because bitcoin isn't the entire currency of any economic system, and price fluctuations are simply dealt with by keeping the fiat price of items fixed.
Obviously the blockchain doesn't work without people willing to run nodes, and so we have to incentivize them to do so. Some form of token - either bitcoin, an altcoin, or some sort of payment - must be provided. Otherwise the system doesn't work.
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:46:36
This is the dumbest possible interpretation of what happened.
What happened is that Blizzard picked an arbitrary price at which gold should be bought for USD. It turns out that that arbitrary price was out of touch with the market price, and now the market is adjusting. In fact, as the very same article mentions, Blizzard picked a conversion rate which was out of touch with the already-existing, "black market" price.
It doesn't mean "Dollar loses buying power!" It means "Blizzard is bad at establishing the gold price."
@_date: 2015-09-05 16:45:22
Completely agree. I've been saying this for months. There's nothing incompatible with FRB and bitcoin. 
People here, despite numerous "instructional" videos on youtube, just don't know how FRB works. There's a common refrain here that banks take deposits and then magically create 100 times more money by clicking some buttons in their accounting software, software which apparently doesn't keep good accounting because creating artificial money is, generally speaking, not accounting best practice. 
Of course, that's all bullshit. FRB doesn't work that way, and indeed, FRB is fundamental to any commercial (taking deposits from the public) bank. Without FRB, how is the bank going to make money? Without a way to make money, why would it exist?
@_date: 2015-09-05 23:32:37
All right, so you were given fake money, which you then gave to someone you know. How did the bank transfer the funds to another bank, if it invented them from thin air?
@_date: 2017-10-15 18:14:22
Oh I'm definitely not advocating it. I certainly wouldn't do it! "Carry trade" is just the term for borrowing in one currency to buy another. I also doubt he or anyone else would secure a loan solely to invest in bitcoin, at least not on favorable terms.
@_date: 2015-09-17 14:01:35
Makes perfect sense, thanks. Genius idea.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:26:48
This statement is only true if you assume that bitcoin will supplant the banking system and replace fiat currencies.
I think that assumption is a broad one, and entirely subjective. From the banks' perspective, there is an asset, and some people trade it, and so it is a way for them to make money in a new market.
I think it is far more likely that Wall Street finds a way to make money off of bitcoin (like ETFs, for example) than it is likely that bitcoin destroys Wall Street.
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:36:47
Generally speaking, startups raise money for two reasons.
1. They need the money to expand.
2. The preceding round of investors wants out, so they gin up as much support as possible and sell at a premium to a new round of investors. This is the uber model.
No idea which approach 21 inc is following. We still don't have a clue what it actually does. So we can't say that it's "hurting" them yet.
@_date: 2015-04-07 19:01:48
The gold standard did fail. It was not suppressed - most governments undertook every effort to save it, in fact, only to find that they couldn't (or the political costs were too great) - but instead proved incapable of providing the policy flexibility required in a time of financial crisis.
Booms and busts existed, and indeed were arguably worse, under the gold standard than under fiat. The entire raison d'etre of the Federal Reserve, after all, was to ameliorate the boom and bust cycle shown to be so dangerous in 1907. You can claim that the Fed failed at that duty - and many critics would agree - but you must also realize that the goal - fixing booms and busts - indicates that the gold standard was not some peaceful business utopia. Populist movements around the world regularly railed against what Jennings Bryan called the "cross of gold" and FDR termed a "fetish of the bankers."
Trying to go back to gold is a pipe dream that is out of touch with the reality of modern macro economics. Arguing for bitcoin by using the gold standard as a precedent is a mistake, for the very simple reason that the gold standard failed and was replaced by the new, floating-rate system. Bitcoin has its own merits in and of itself, there is no need to point to a failed monetary policy as proof that it will work.
@_date: 2015-09-29 04:31:49


It's not a law. Banks regularly do this when they are issuing mortgages to customers. Basically, if you go to a bank and ask to be approved, they immediately start monitoring every financial transaction coming into and out of your account. They do this in order to ensure that you are a creditworthy borrower. They are especially concerned that you don't borrow money from somebody else for the down payment, as that would indicate that you aren't as financially sound as they'd like so they don't want to issue the mortgage. 
The classic rule about this is that, if you're going to get down payment assistance from your parents, ask them to deposit it WELL BEFORE you actually go apply for the loan. Otherwise you'll have to answer to the bank about where the money came from, and they won't like that you aren't financially sound enough to have it on hand. This doesn't apply to your situation, but it's a general rule a lot of people don't know.
As for why this bank doesn't like bitcoin sales, it's almost certainly due to their internal mortgage lending policies. Basically, since they can't account for where you got those funds, that makes you more risky than somebody who saved up for the downpayment every paycheck for 5 years. Someone who saves $300 a month for five years indicates an ability to be financially responsible over time, making them less of a risk than somebody who gets a sudden out-of-the-blue $15k deposit from bitcoins. From their perspective, you are more risky than someone else. The bitcoin thing isn't a law, its just their business practice.
An obligatory paragraph about how different this is now than it was pre-2008: Banks pre-2008 didn't do any of this, or if they did, they didn't care. Times have changed. Despite the low interest rate environment that has driven economic conditions for the last seven years, successful mortgage applications are still not that high. Banks are more paranoid about lending than they used to be - and that's a good thing. I know in this instance it's an annoyance for you, but we should generally be happy that banks are taking more efforts to ensure their borrowers are sound.
@_date: 2015-09-09 18:17:11
He almost certainly won't make it onto any televised debate, certainly not the big ones. And he definitely won't win the election. I mean the guy has a history of drug abuse, run ins with the law, and is a person of interest in a murder investigation in Belize. Literally last month he was arrested for DUI with an illegal a gun in the car in Tennessee.
Bitcoin already has a PR problem. People (wrongly) associate it primarily with drugs, hackers, and crazy technophiles. Having McAfee be a public proponent is, at best, an instance of "any publicity is good publicity" and at worst is harmful.
@_date: 2015-09-09 19:45:13
Wait, out of the stripper's ass? So she farted cocaine at him?
I think you made this up. /s
@_date: 2015-04-26 20:45:53
They did that because it made them money. Those markets are also gigantic, so having say 1% stake in it and moving it down by $20 makes a huge difference, especially including derivatives and OTC contracts etc. Bitcoin is a teensy fraction of the size of those markets, there's not enough money in it to justify a big bank throwing big money at it.
@_date: 2015-09-05 20:02:09
Youtube videos are often a terrible way to learn, because they are not fact-checked. Almost every video I've seen posted in this sub on macro economics, finance, or currencies contains so many errors and over simplifications that I usually don't bother watching them. For the record, I tolerated this one for about 25 minutes. Right up until he started fearmongering the stability of the UK banking system on the grounds that the BoE doesn't have a reserve requirement, but failed to mention that the UK banking sector has been among the most stable banking systems in the world for almost 150 years, and for a large portion of that the reserve requirements were unenforced and informal.
I replied to another guy with more detail about the "banks invent fictitious money!" charge, you can read it if you want. I don't want to type a full explanation because it will take forever.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:55:59
Define "legitimate." Most people, in a state context, mean "other states recognize you as a state."
@_date: 2015-04-18 06:29:33
You guys do know that silicon valley is making fun of silicon valley, right. So there's an unthinking idiot silicon valley type (guy in bitcoin shirt) wearing a bitcoin shirt. The show is making fun of him.
@_date: 2019-09-19 18:40:48


Both of these assertions are untrue. Aggregate demand for repos should not, in the long run, increase if everything else is held equal. We just happen to be in a week in which demand and supply for repos are imbalanced. Second, the Fed does not have a cap on repos - repos are (usually) private loans between two banks, without Fed involvement. It's true that the Fed put a cap on how much it's willing to participate in the repo market, but in that sense it is no different than any other bank which decides how much exposure it wants to any given market segment.
@_date: 2019-09-19 22:17:35
I read your statement:


As claiming that banks aren't lending in the federal funds market due to lack of interbank trust.
Just because both the Fed's intervention in federal funds repos and QE are liquidity measures doesn't make them comparable. To re-use my metaphor, it's analogous to comparing a 30 year mortgage and the national debt. They're similar in that both are debt instruments, but their scale and duration are completely different.
Subprime was also not a relatively small market in 2006, when all the derivatives it spawned is also included. I also disagree with the conventional wisdom that subprime caused the 2007-08 crash - I think it has more to do with bank leverage as enabled by increasing reliance on short-term funding, typically via money markets, resulting in a systemic maturity mismatch - but that's a separate post entirely.
@_date: 2015-04-18 07:03:02
Putting a flag down and saying "this particular plot is mine!" doesn't mean you have a country. You get to be a country via a far messier and political process that has never been well-defined and probably never will be. Sometimes it involves the UN (South Sudan), sometimes it doesn't (Palestine, so far), and sometimes it means you are a de facto country without anyone recognizing you (Kurdistan).
I'd be amazed if Liberland exists in five years.
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:17:54
saying "they got what they deserved" for having a short position is stupid.
Would you say the same thing for someone who bought at $500 and has now lost half their money?
Shorts are just as necessary as longs for a healthy market, because they help the market reach equilibrium (assuming you believe in efficient markets).
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:11:30
Who said the bank has all the money? We're talking about fractional reserve banking here, operative word being fractional.
@_date: 2015-09-17 21:45:11
I've been saying they wouldn't raise all year. Some guy and I have a !remindme going that will eventually kick, but i can't be bothered to dig it up. And peter schiff is an idiot, his gold predictions have been consistently wrong for about as long as he's been making them. Making one right prediction doesn't make an economic guru. It makes John Paulson.
@_date: 2015-04-03 22:56:59
Yeah, crowd-funding is an option. Either / or on that one. Personally I don't think crowdfunding is going to overtake traditional lending, but I have have heard good arguments to the contrary.
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:57:15
I'd type up 3,000 words on FRB and how the banking system works, but it would just get downvoted here so I'm not going to bother. However, the summary of it is that banks do not create money out of thin air. They loan it out, it goes places, and they settle interbank clearing periodically using a more or less informal system of bank IOUs that they give to each other. Sometimes people look at the bank clearing system as evidence of banks making up money, but there's not a lot of actual evidence to support that and they're really just grasping at straws in my view.
I can 100% guarantee you that, if you go to a bank and deposit $100, the bank doesn't go "WOOHOO!" and suddenly claim to have $1000 in deposits.
@_date: 2015-04-15 15:26:07
People want to be the next "disruptor" because "disrupt" is the most popular nonsense business-speak phrase today. It means nothing and applies to anything. It's like "synergy."
I want to disrupt your experience with interactive, user-driven, water-utilizing waste disposal systems! Look at me, I put a button on a toilet. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:14:13
Polo knew about this because China (as well as Japan, iirc) used paper currency or cheap metals (bronze, copper) for hundreds of years before Europe developed paper money. Gold and silver were used in China for ornamentation and other luxury goods, never for circulating currency. European gold (mostly acquired from the Gold Coast, then the new world) and silver flowed east to China going back as far as Roman times. Those precious metals were effectively removed from circulation upon reaching China (especially after Kublai Khan, who made it official per Polo), because they weren't used as currency. India also has a long tradition of not using gold-backed currency, for similar reasons - gold being used primarily as ornamentation, and rarely (if ever) as a circulating currency or investment.
Anyway, the point is, paper money existed in China for hundreds if not several thousand years before it was invented in Europe.
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:08:54
You're not talking about the same thing the car buyer is talking about. We're not talking about the monetary multiplier, we're talking about him believing that banks make up money out of thin air.
@_date: 2015-04-08 15:08:45


I agree with this, and the question of ideal social order is where we disagree. What I've been trying to convey in this discussion is that inflation and deflation both have their upsides and downsides, so deciding which one leads to better outcomes is largely subjective - not a matter of "hard" economics. It's a question of politics, and the desirable type of society that we want.
@_date: 2015-09-27 14:25:52
Why would I want to do that?
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:12:06
It's an overnight repo. It will be unwound at start of business tomorrow. They also already said they'll do it again tomorrow.
Every bank keeps deposits at the Fed (called "federal funds"). They're required to keep a certain amount on deposit there, as a guarantee that they're adequately capitalized (at least in theory). Their deposit minimums are checked daily at 3pm. Some banks have more on deposit at the Fed than they are required to on any given day, and some banks have less. The ones with surplus lend to those with a deficit, and charge them interest for the service. What happened today is that the interest rate they charged (called the "effective funds rate") exceeded where the Fed thought it should be, so the Fed decided to lend banks money directly instead.
These loans are overnight repos, meaning they last from close of business today until open of business tomorrow. A bank in need of federal funds would offer the Fed some assets (MBS, or something like that) as collateral for a loan which starts at 3pm today and is paid back by the open of business tomorrow, at which point the collateral is returned by the Fed to the bank. Thus, the impact from today's action is effectively nothing. Basically the Fed converted illiquid assets into liquid assets for 18 hours, and will de-convert them tomorrow morning.
The bigger question is why this shortfall happened. WSJ thinks it was a combination of liquidity shortfall stemming from the Fed shrinking the money supply while Treasury borrowing rose, along with the corporate tax deadline being 9/17. On those days, corporations borrow to meet their tax obligations and send it to the Treasury, which causes a drop in liquidity. So banks which usually have a surplus at the Fed didn't, and they found it harder to borrow on money markets to make up the difference to boot.
So, anyway, this is really not a huge deal if it's a one or two day thing. If it's still happening by say Thursday or Friday, then we have something more serious to talk about.
@_date: 2015-09-05 22:36:55
There is no point in my watching a video when I know, from the first half, that it is full of inaccuracies and is more interested in arguing a political point than it is in explaining the topic at hand.
If you were an expert in computer programming and somebody sent you a tutorial video of how to make HTML, and that video was inaccurate in many ways and seemed to be arguing that Flash is the best plugin for web browsers in the history of ever, would you keep watching it?
@_date: 2015-09-06 04:07:42


Yes it does. He stands to financially benefit by producing doom and gloom predictions, and by portraying the global financial system as poised on the brink of destruction. Nobody with that much bias should be trusted.
@_date: 2015-04-20 17:09:06
Yeah, exactly. Great point on the correspondent banking agreement. Banks have used informal systems of IOUs for as long as banks have existed, particularly during times of crisis. They don't necessarily get cleared in a 1 to 1 relationship, quickly. They clear accounts whenever they think they need to clear accounts, and that might be once a day, or once a week, or every couple weeks. 
But yeah great point again. Great post.
@_date: 2015-09-10 13:36:56
In China, the performance of the market is an existential issue for the Communist Party, which has justified its continued existence since Deng Xiaoping on political stability and its cousin high economic growth. By some older estimates, approximately 20 million Chinese peasants per year were leaving farms to become factory workers. If 20 million corresponding factory jobs (and housing sufficient to house them) don't appear, then those 20 million people become homeless urban poor and that causes social problems.
Compounding this problem, China has since 2008 essentially traded a real estate bubble for a stock market bubble. The real estate bubble was created by municipal Party members whose job performance and promotions were tied on increasing local tax revenues, and the best way to do that is to build lots of buildings, which raises property values and tax income. The banks in China are far from independent, so they lent to whomever the Party told them to, and eventually they accumulated too much underperforming debt, putting China at risk for a US-style 2008 collapse in real estate prices.
Seeking to prick this bubble, China cracked down on real estate silliness but all the money being generated had to go somewhere, and so the great Chinese stock bubble began. The stock bubble was fueled in part by government pronouncements hailing the patriotism of investing in stocks, meaning that a decline in stock prices costs the government public trust. If the Party was wrong about stocks, who is to say the Party isn't wrong about other things, too?
So that's why they are sending cops around to scare fund managers. It's not just about market stability, it's about the continued existence of the CCP.
@_date: 2015-04-19 01:44:26
No, there isn't. Transistria has held territory for 20+ years, and it isn't considered a "state" by anyone outside Russia and its sphere of influence.
Nobody in this thread knows anything about how states get created. They like the idea of a libertarian state and so they invent arguments as to why it is legitimate. 
@_date: 2015-09-27 14:05:57
This site is more like zombocom or one of the other weird ass early internet drug-fueled website experiments. I have no idea what its purpose is, but I do know that clicking things results in creating a loop that takes me back to where I started.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:12:41
Personally I think nuclear weapons might be more dangerous. But don't let me get in the way of hype hyperbole. I would combine those two words, but the result would be hyperbole.
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:37:23
Politics hasn't gotten too large, it's gotten as big as it needed to be. The expansion of the welfare state - an administrative regime which was created explicitly to save capitalism from those that would destroy it during the Great Depression - is part and parcel with the growing reach of capitalism in everyday life. Before the deepening of capitalism, there was little need for state involvement in redistributive policies. The growing commodification of everyday life made people more dependent on markets, and when markets failed or seized up, that left people without options. The modern administrative state, despite Steve Bannon's ignorance, is not antagonistic to our markets - it is necessitated by our markets. Without those policies to make economic outcomes palatable to the public, the whole system would fall apart. The "free market" was built by states, is maintained by states, and has its unsavory side effects mitigated by states so as to keep the people from destroying the social-economic system as a whole.
The deification of the market is a product of the Austrian school's (a) political context, in that their roots are in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, which they extrapolated to mean that all states are always bad, and (b) dismissal of history. The history of capitalism is the history of the state forcing capitalism on different areas (both geographic and economic), while also intervening to save capitalism from the social forces which threatened to destroy it (an easy example is the Luddites). 
Finally, there are plenty of market failures. Using ideology to pretend there isn't is a waste of time.
@_date: 2018-04-01 18:36:48
Politics didn't come into the picture, it is always and has always been part of the picture. Pretending that it's not is the fundamental failure of the Austrian approach: "wait for the market to self-correct" is almost never a viable policy solution in a democracy. Another politician will come along and promise a public policy program. We can lament that this happens all we want, but the fundamental dynamic will always remain. It was true in 1920s Britain - where Keynes first theorized that workers would refuse pay cuts, even if that was best economically, and that their refusal would imperil the gold standard - and it was true in 2008.
@_date: 2018-04-02 13:15:25
My point is that politics and economics cannot be separated. They are part of the same system. The state needs economic growth, and economic growth requires an active state protecting against market failures, enforcing contract law, mitigating the impact of economic downturns on everyday people (who might otherwise turn against the market itself, which is why the welfare state was invented), and defending property rights. They're symbiotic. The separation of market and state is not only ahistorical - the state was heavily involved in setting up the "free market" - but false. One cannot exist without the other. They're part of the same entity.
@_date: 2015-11-13 14:03:03
Did you read my link? Because my link answers your question.
@_date: 2015-04-26 15:45:16
No. When / if bitcoin gets big enough, the banks will do what the banks do - they'll make money off it, either by trading it themselves, handling payments with it, offering services based on it, creating derivatives or funds like the Winklevoss ETF.
I know it's very cool and edgy to think of yourself as buying a bitcoin and secretly undermining the banking sector and watching it all blow up like the end of Fight Club, but that attitude is at best misinformed and at worst naive. The banks will make money off it one way or another. There will always be mortgages, credit cards, and a need for whatever form of fiat the state requires for taxes.
Also, if the big banks were truly scared, the easiest way to fuck bitcoin up would be by banning it via regulations (yes, I know, it wouldn't stop it but it would severely diminish it, and that's enough). I mean, these are the banks that successfully watered Dodd-Frank down to almost nothing. They had enough political power to both encourage the bailouts and avoid large-scale reform of the banking sector, despite the worst banking crisis in 80 years. They pour enough money into our political system to make just about anything they want to happen, happen. If they were scared, banning bitcoin transactions (or refusing to do them privately) would be far easier to do than what they've done with regards to laws and regulations since the 1980s. They're not doing that.
@_date: 2015-09-18 19:46:22
He's saying that the best way, at present, to go to a cashless society is probably something like bitcoin, or at least a blockchain-like technology. The reason he wants a cashless society is what I stated before. Here's his quote:


@_date: 2015-11-05 21:29:53
That's what it is, though. Almost all of the buy pressure is in China, which is why the premium to buy btc in china is so much higher than other exchanges. The premium is also partly due to capital controls, but it isn't fully explained by that. Capital controls in China are far from airtight. Anybody with enough money to care about sending it overseas can do so without bitcoin and with little difficulty.
Nobody here really believes that bitcoin doubled in 6 weeks because fundamentals, right? It's in no way sustainable. The last bubble was thanks to some bots on MtGox, and this one is thanks to a criminal who inexplicably never gets wikipedia'd. 
Bitcoin isn't going to continue rising 60% every month forever. The ponzi scheme will blow up in China - sooner rather than later, since great visibility is usually a sign that any Ponzi has peaked - and when it does, bitcoin will collapse back to what its actual market value should be, which is what it was before October. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 13:30:26
I don't see resource consumption as a Keynesian / Austrian issue. That has to do with our general approach to industrialization, and how we treat and regulate the environment. It has to do with the politics of how resources are distributed and used, which is exactly what I've studied in school. Hence my interest in the topic.
Calling depressed investment and shrinking credit "features" doesn't make them so. While it's true that the necessities will always create some spending, everything else that can get postponed will get postponed. That means impacting luxury items like cars, TVs, and phones, but it also (and more importantly) means delaying purchasing a home, buying land, and other types of capital investment which are fundamental to our society, especially in the United States with its long history of idealizing the self-sufficient yoeman farmer.
The deflationary spiral is not a myth. It has happened repeatedly in history, most famously during the Great Depression. Factories stopped hiring people because it didn't make sense to produce today what they could make for 15% cheaper next year. That kind of thing is a nightmare, not just for the economy, but for the political and social health of society. 
Also, I don't understand your claim that Keynesian economic growth results in exponential consumption, while somehow deflationary systems don't result in that too. If a deflationary system grows at 1% a year, while an inflationary system grows at say 2-3% a year, what's the difference? Both are exponential consumption over the long run.
@_date: 2015-11-23 18:42:23
Question 1: Countries would lose the ability to influence monetary policy. Since the central bank no longer exists, there is no way for it to set an arbitrary (or more specifically, not market-generated) interest rate to pursue public policy goals. Governments would be able to marginally impact monetary policy via their borrowing (ie, selling T-Bills), but they would only be able to affect it upwards. IE, if the going market rate for sov debt of the same quality is 5%, they could sell them at that rate or a higher rate if they wanted to. That would attract more bitcoin, since it would be a higher return for T-Bills than the market rate of other debt instruments. But borrow for less than 5%, because nobody would give them the bitcoin.
Question 2: Yes, there would be spillover effects. And they would be worse than they are today, where exchange rates can be manipulated by policy, giving more of a cushion. What would happen in a bitcoin world is exactly what happened during the start of the Great Depression when everyone was on the gold standard. Money would rapidly slosh around the world unobstructed, and those who want money in their countries would need to pay more to attract it from those who pay less. For example: If bitcoin started flowing out of the US for whatever reason, the US would like to reverse that, and so it would raise the rates it pays on (bitcoin-denominated) Treasury bills. That would encourage bitcoin to flow back in, possibly at the expense of other nations, who could follow suit with raises of their own to try and keep their money from flowing away. Carry on forever and you get everyone paying crazy high amounts to borrow bitcoin - exacerbated by the natural deflation in bitcoin itself - and you get the Great Depression scenario again, almost exactly. The same phenomenon happened with US-UK monetary policy in the late 20s. 
The truth, not popular here, is that bitcoin isn't going to become the world's global reserve currency. It just isn't suited for that, and isn't flexible enough to be responsive to the needs of representative democracies, which tend to want monetary flexibility during economic downturns. IMO the likeliest outcome of bitcoin is that it becomes a bigger version of what it already is - an alternative, cheaper means of sending payment quickly around the world.
@_date: 2015-11-06 13:15:14
IMO the biggest problem with arguing that the cause is fundamentals is that said theory can't account for why bitcoin took off now. Why starting in October, instead of in May or June or July or August? What, fundamentally, changed in October?
@_date: 2015-11-05 23:21:54
That's not new though. China has cracked down on money flowing abroad for over two years now. And they're still not doing a very good job of it. Keep in mind, the people doing the cracking down are CCP members, which means they're probably among the top 3-4% income bracket there and also have an interest in ferreting money overseas to protect their assets. The guys doing the cracking down don't really want to be doing it, because it hurts them, too. 
The loopholes, in addition, are practically infinite. The easiest loophole is to get all your friends and family to send the $50k a pop maximum per year to a single foreign account. You had your friends the cash, they send it abroad, nobody breaches the max, everything is legal. And then there's the hong kong connection. People go to HK, spend lots of yuan buying goods with credit, return them for cash, take the cash to a money exchange, and then that exchange opens them up a foreign account using the deposited money. And then there are the more entertaining routes. Most recently I read about a Russian guy who created companies outside Russia, guaranteed their debts using his Russian companies, and then forced the foreign companies into bankruptcy, triggering the debt guarantee. That moved Russian cash abroad, contravening the restrictions, and I would not be surprised to see that happen in China too.
There's a property boom in Sydney, LA, NYC, Vancouver, and DC, and Chinese people are the largest foreign buyers of real estate in all of those markets. If China was cracking down severely, I'd expect that to have slowed down. It hasn't.
@_date: 2015-11-03 18:56:16


This paragraph should be in the sidebar.
@_date: 2015-11-06 16:40:12
Yeah, exactly. I don't think it would really hold up in a court of law. And China doesn't exactly follow rule of law anyway; like many autocracies they often make up new rules as they go.
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:56:57
I think most skeptics (myself included) are skeptical about bitcoin's future, not its present.
Right now, bitcoin is pretty good at what it does. It is a great way to send p2p money around the globe, for small fees. It is great for remittances (provided the receiving party has access to bitcoin), as well as other (illegal) behaviors like gambling.
The debate is about the future. Diehard supporters will claim that bitcoin will replace the existing monetary system, dealing fiat currencies and central banks a death blow. They will also claim that bitcoin will be used as a reserve currency by states, and have tried to solve various economic problems with bitcoin (ie, "Greece should adopt bitcoin!").
These people are all excessively optimistic. No state has an incentive to adopt bitcoin as its currency. Doing so would remove one of the most powerful (and arguably effective, sorry libertarians) policy tools at their disposal. And there is zero, zero reason Greece should ever adopt bitcoin either. Greece's problem right now is precisely that it doesn't control its currency - it can't inflate its way to economic competitiveness and lower its debt burden - and bitcoin does nothing to solve either of those problems. Finally, a bitcoin financial system would be a nightmare. If the globe adopted bitcoin, universally, tomorrow, all minimum wage laws would have to be repealed at the same time because there would be no other way to deal with different levels of competitiveness (this is also part of the Greek problem). I don't see that happening. The same problem is why the gold standard collapsed.
Anyway, without going too long, the debate is about what the future of bitcoin is. The present is doing pretty good. And I happen to think the present is a model for what the future holds. I think bitcoin will remain about what it is - a handy way to send p2p money around the world - and am excessively skeptical that it will ever truly "disrupt" the monetary system at large.
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:11:11
This is the best reply I've ever gotten on reddit. Thank you for it. And it's also fantastic to read something from someone who actually understands central banking and the monetary transmission mechanism.
Your explanation of how the system works is completely correct. I have read the lazy media version too much to remember to be accurate on that. I also greatly enjoyed your paragraph on deflation, inflation, QE, and the deleveraging of the system. I completely agree as well that QE is not going to cause massive inflation, for the same reason you provided.
I will disagree with you that QE goes to private individuals, but will also add that QE varies by country. In the EU, for example, its QE program is comprised of buying a mix of sovereign debt directly from the issuer and certain types of other securities (covered bonds, asset-backed securities). When the Eurosystem buys those things, they are not passing money through commercial banks to private individuals. The Eurosystem buys the securities using money it created, and then holds said securities. The program is essentially an asset swap: the Eurosystem trades newly-created euros for debts issued by states and banks. The money does not go to private individuals or rich people, unless you are being loose with the term "rich people" and applying it to mean "people who work at major banks and could use the liquidity."
I know the European QE best because I wrote a paper on it, so my knowledge of the US QE is not as good. That said, from what I recall, QE here involved the Fed buying treasury bills and mortgage-backed securities (typically those guaranteed by Fannie and Freddie). The Fed didn't use commercial banks as its agents for QE, but instead intervened directly in markets itself. I could be wrong about that, but even if the Fed did use commercial banks to carry out purchases, the money didn't go to private individuals. It went to the banks and Treasury, both of which sold it things that the market wouldn't provide a good price for. But please let me know if I'm wrong about that.
Again, fantastic post, and thank you for writing it. It is rare in general (and even more rare in this sub) to find someone who understands the monetary transmission mechanism. Thanks again.
@_date: 2015-04-08 18:37:14
That's exactly what I've been saying in the last five replies :)
Agreement on the internet! How rare a thing it is.
@_date: 2015-03-02 23:22:43
You're being downvoted because the hivemind doesn't like anything that isn't pro- or hype.
@_date: 2018-04-03 01:07:15
I encourage you to go read histories of capitalism. I can recommend several. The market was created by and protected by the state. They're part of the same entity, and always have been.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:50:18
I get what you're joking at, but my language is correct. The process works like this:
1. Congress tells Treasury how much debt it can raise (this is the debt ceiling).
2. Congress passes a budget, and appropriates money. It gives Treasury the greenlight to borrow as necessary to fund this budget.
3. The debt ceiling gets hit. Congress bullshits for 2 weeks about the deficit that it is responsible for (because its budget caused the debt ceiling to be hit), and then they raise the debt ceiling.
The ceiling is a ceiling - it exists to put a cap on how much Treasury can borrow. It is pointless, because Treasury borrows how much Congress tells it to borrow via the budget / appropriations process.
@_date: 2015-03-30 04:13:52
A ponzi scheme is a type of scam, but all scams are not ponzi schemes. All I'm saying is that the term "ponzi scheme" does not apply to the dollar. People use it because Madoff popularized it post-2008, but it is a constantly-abused catch-all for "any financial thing that seems fishy" and that needs to stop.
I was referring to central, not commercial, banks in my post.
@_date: 2015-11-05 22:06:47
You start this by insulting me, and then ask me to defend my positions. Normally, I wouldn't, but I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and reply anyway.
First, the nov2013 rise is [very well documented]( If you don't accept that for what it is - manipulation by bots written by Mt Gox - then that's a problem for you, not me, to figure out.
I could type several paragraphs about how this is a classic bubble, but I don't really see the point. Let's just check on bitcoin in six, eight, ten months, or however long it takes for the Chinese Ponzi to blow up (and I'm assuming the government won't bail out the individuals, which it very much might do if the losses are big enough). We'll see who is right then.
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:06:56
I see no reason that real figures should interfere with my completely-arbitrary math.
@_date: 2015-10-06 17:45:10
They'll borrow. The world's first central banks were created primarily to fund wars. In return for loaning to the king, they extracted concessions, which usually (but not always) took the form of a monopoly on currency creation. That was effectively their collateral.
Before central banks, kings usually went around borrowing from rich merchants, who, just like their central banking successors, demanded collateral in return for the loan. Joseph Fugger for example made himself rich by lending to various Emperors in return for exclusive rights to various mining concessions, which paid off his loans with interest often in a very quick timeframe. 
In a bitcoin universe, there's every reason to believe that would still happen. Somebody with bitcoins could very easily be enticed by a government's promise to repay them with interest. The government could promise that person the economic rights to X area, or to a state-run mining or oil enterprise for a set period of time, and there you go. Loan sent, war fought, donezo.
There's also the "pay the troops with loot" approach, commonly used until the rise of permanent armies in the 16th and 17th centuries. That could also work. It's more volatile - the troops tend to want to constantly be looting - but it was a model that worked for hundreds of years.
There will always be wars, and with that comes means of paying for them. The currency is irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-11-11 16:51:26
I miss the good old days of bitcoin, when everyone would post charts with lines pointing to $100,000, when complete economic collapse was not only inevitable but imminent, when breathless hype posts from pegasus related  using bitcoin to the advances in science of Copernicus and the defiance of MLK, when retroanarchotechnofuturist novels with bitcoin-using protagonists were released for free (with tips accepted), and when lazy fanboy poetry had a chance of reaching the front page.
It was all so very stupid, but it was also all so very enjoyable. Here's to more.
@_date: 2015-11-06 14:10:32
Repeating yourself doesn't prove the point you're claiming. I'd like details, please.
@_date: 2015-11-12 15:06:42
Bitcoin is neither a pyramid nor a ponzi scheme. Too many people use "pyramid" or "ponzi" to describe "something financial I think is sketchy." Large price swings do not (always) indicate the presence of a financial scam.
Bitcoin isn't a ponzi because a ponzi requires a single individual who goes around promising investors high, usually-fixed, returns. You give that individual your money, he uses it to pay off other investors, and then keeps the rest and [almost bankrupts the Mets]( Bitcoin has no such central individual soliciting outsider funds, and nobody promises a fixed or even high return. 
Bitcoin is also not a pyramid scheme because a pyramid scheme functions by taking money from new recruits (at the base of the pyramid) and then moving that money up the pyramid, where it loses a % at every level, until it reaches the head honcho. There is no pyramid structure in bitcoin, because anyone can pay anyone else to enter, and that money doesn't get funneled up the pyramid. It goes to whomever sold you the bitcoins, and they spend the money however they want. They are not obligated to pay 10%, 15%, whatever % it is up to their bosses, as would be the case in a pyramid scheme. You cash out of a pyramid scheme by getting paid by the organization. In bitcoin, you cash out by selling to various random individuals.
The two key differences between a Ponzi and a pyramid scheme are who does the soliciting and how the money moves around. A Ponzi has a single point of entry and exit - the guy running the scheme. He solicits the money and pays it out. A pyramid has multiple points of entry - anyone can solicit anyone else - and the money doesn't go right to the head guy and then to everyone else, but instead goes through the layers of the pyramid first before reaching the head guy. Both schemes have a single point of exit - the guy running the scheme. 
Anyway, bitcoin is neither a Ponzi nor a pyramid scheme. One could make the intellectual case that it is an elaborate pump-and-dump, but given that it's been six years and Satoshi didn't cash out, it's either not a pump-and-dump or Satoshi is very, very bad at running it.
@_date: 2015-03-11 18:47:30
Devaluation benefits countries that are net exporters. And it's not temporary. Devaluation usually lasts quite a long time. The dollar, for example, was made weaker from 2008-2014 via Fed policies, and could have been longer.
Devaluation also only raises inputs if they are imported. If they're not, they don't.
There's already a currency war. 21 countries have devalued relative to the dollar in the last several years. It will become a full-fledged currency war if the US retaliates. But it seems likely that the Fed knows this and is willing to let the dollar rise, at the expense of US exports and a more cumbersome debt burden, in order to keep the economic peace.
@_date: 2015-03-27 23:09:30
Ponzi schemes promise a fixed return to the initial round of investors, and then provide that return by taking in a second round of investor money, which is paid to the first rounders. Then, to provide returns to the second round, the Ponzi operator solicits funds from a third round, and the cycle continues until the Ponzi operator is unable to raise additional investor funds. This renders him unable to pay the investors his promised return. They ask why not, investigate, and then the whole thing implodes.
The dollar isn't a ponzi scheme, because nobody promises anyone that they'll make money by holding it.
"Ponzi scheme" is not a defined as "any financial thing I think is a scam."
@_date: 2015-03-17 17:53:16
It won't be one month. Like I said, most economists expect August at the earliest, hence why I suggested end of the year.
I'm confident about it because one of the things the Fed has done post-2008 is repeatedly signal its moves, well in advance, in the hopes that the market will price its moves ahead of time. The thinking is that doing so reduces uncertainty and instability. They hinted at QE for months before doing it, and they hinted they'd end QE months before ending it, too. They've been hinting at interest rates just as long, so I expect them to do that, too.
@_date: 2015-03-15 16:39:43
Glanced through it. Most important paragraph:


the dangers of ignoring markets.
This is partially true. Central bank incompetence did cause problems. However, without the gold standard to transmit these problems across borders, said problems might have remained localized. The Fed, for example, kept monetary policy tight in an attempt to help England out, because they knew that changing course would worsen the UK's recession. This is a chicken and egg problem - did central bank policy cause it, or did the gold standard transmitting things cause it - but they were both accountable. He ignores one because the other fits his narrative. And he also fails to mention that the countries to recover the quickest were the countries who abandoned gold first.
@_date: 2015-03-20 18:15:00
BREAKING: Bitcoin shows potential for large price movements. It also shows potential for small movements.
This expert analysis brought to you by me. Please click my website.
@_date: 2017-05-17 18:44:58
I can hear this said in the Billy Mays voice.
There's been a lot of "is this a bubble?" posts here lately, but this sort of post is truly what defines a bubble. The logic for buying bitcoin isn't being made per some underlying long-term analysis, but instead is based purely on recent price moves. The logic for buying is "Buy now! The price went up yesterday and it's going up today, therefore it will inevitably go up tomorrow!" Combine that "logic" with herd behavior and you'll have a nice, frothy, bubble.
That emotional, FOMO-based appeal is classic bubble behavior, as much as a lot of people here would prefer to think it isn't.
@_date: 2015-09-17 13:23:58
Why is that website's motto a bunny rabbit walking on a Confederate flag?
@_date: 2015-03-03 15:52:53
We didn't have a truly fiat system until Nixon abandoned gold in 1971, but you don't seem to care about such subtle distinctions. What's interesting about that chart is precisely what happened under the gold standard - the massive drop from 1950 to 1970, which was almost certainly caused by corporate consolidation and the rise of mega companies. 
But hey, don't let facts get in the way of your interpretations. To the moon!
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:21:23
I completely agree that there isn't one solution to fix issues in our banking sector. And yeah, the whole reason we had TARP etc was because everyone knew that the FDIC couldn't possibly cover the deposits from any of the major institutions, should they go bust. But we weren't talking about that. You were saying that Congress is going to do better things because conservatives are in power, and I pointed out that conservatives voted to let banks play with derivatives using FDIC-insured money, which had been banned by Dodd-Frank.
If you want to get rid of the FDIC, go ahead, but don't let banks gamble with FDIC money before you abolish that department.
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:34:21
I'm still pretty confident. Their signalling has been repeated and consistent, and the economics warrant it. I think they will raise it very slowly, and in very small increments. The Fed knows that their actions will have a big impact around the world, which is also why they have been signalling the interest rate hike for 6-9 months now.
I'd say end of year. Most economists think summer, but I think that the dollar's appreciation plus the continued QE in Europe will inspire more status quo. Maybe like a .1% hike or something that is more symbolic than economic.
@_date: 2017-05-26 20:18:59
If banks wanted to sabotage bitcoin, there are better ways for them to do it than to play market manipulator in a relatively small and illiquid market, accessible by only a few major exchanges with pretty bad spreads and shoddy performance histories. And in any event, that's not what they want anyway. Banks exist to find ways to make money. That's how they approach bitcoin - if they can make money, they'll find a way to do it, and if they can't, then they won't.
The only people who believe that banks are out to stop bitcoin cause it's so edgy and new and hip are die hard bitcoin supporters. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 19:29:41
Nothing of what I said is sophistry.
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:31:50
Oh right, the "I can't argue with you, so I dismiss you as a paid shill" defense.
If you look through my post history you'll see I'm not defending any particular viewpoint. And you'll probably also see that my posts aren't good enough to warrant getting paid.
You, on the other hand, are apparently unable to see the difference between "Please contact law enforcement, in addition to filing a report" and "CAPITAL CONTROLS BEGIN IN THE UNITED STATES." If anyone's a shill here, it's you.
@_date: 2015-10-12 18:45:05
The Fed doesn't prosecute people, the DoJ / SEC / New York state DA does.
As for why bankers weren't prosecuted, who can say. Some people think it's because the regulators suffer from "capture", in which they try not to prosecute the banks which might employ them in a couple years. Others think it's because the SEC was remarkably weak-willed. The SEC, for its part, has argued a combination of things. Primarily, they claim that proving intent, required for criminal prosecution, is exceptionally difficult. It's hard to separate purposeful fraud (like Madoff) from stupid mistakes derived from incompetence (a hedge fund manager whose fund blew up). And excessive risk-taking isn't illegal, it's just shitty business practice (or at least should be).
For those that are interested, [this Frontline]( is an excellent, approx 50 minute examination asking why, exactly, the bankers weren't prosecuted. They don't provide a clear answer because there isn't one, but they do examine a lot of the shady behavior, meet with prosecutors and lawyers, and give a good overview of why nobody big faced prosecution.
@_date: 2015-03-01 16:21:01
Central banks do it because wage cuts are incredibly unpopular. Furthermore, in a world of floating currencies, the market really does it with central bank intervention when the market seems to be producing a politically-undesirable outcome. So its not like central banks are driving everything themselves.
I also see currency issuers as political actors, which perform tasks given them by other political actors. The whole push to make central banks apolitical money managers is something that only happened starting in the 1980s and, I would argue, is completely out of touch with the ~300 year history of central banking.
In that context, there's nothing unusual or bad about a central bank doing what it does. It's only "wrong" because economic theorists, beginning in the 1980s, deemed it so.
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:15:31
The appropriations / budget process already creates a voting record. A more important one, in fact, because like I said, a lot of politicians vote for the budget and then vote against the debt ceiling. The budget matters much more. Debt ceiling votes just allow for more politicians to be hypocrites.
@_date: 2015-03-27 23:16:08
The dollar is not a ponzi scheme.
You may believe it fraudulent, or unsound, or a bad investment, but the label "ponzi scheme" does not apply to the dollar.
@_date: 2015-03-23 02:30:21
It's not the only reason, but it is an important factor, yes.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:18:59
Student loans are now federally-controlled, for the most part. Combine that with electoral politics, and I think you're going to see a lot of writeoff / writedowns similar to Obama's income-based repayment program, and Elizabeth Warren's attempts to link interest rates to Treasury rates (effectively, lowering them). I think there's going to be significant reductions in how much of that debt is actually repaid.
@_date: 2015-03-02 17:00:19
This is why all the "based on numbers, bitcoin will be worth X!" posts / blogs / anythings should be ignored.
@_date: 2015-03-15 16:24:16
[tons of google results]( by people who interviewed him, usually people sympathetic to his message. 
I don't know if he worked for the CIA or not, but in any event it doesn't really matter. He claims that he was hired to investigate suspicious trades prior to 9/11. Fair enough. That doesn't translate to understanding monetary history.
@_date: 2015-10-22 20:00:24
Wouldn't the natural opposition of the Alliance be the Empire? But something sounds bad in "Bitcoin Imperial Forces."
@_date: 2015-10-30 13:44:43
Yes, it's possible. If you put a giant sell order just below the going market rate, then other sellers will back out until you're done selling. If you keep updating that sell order, you can push it down in ticks. 
It's also possible to keep the market at a certain point by having gigantic, offsetting buy and sell orders on a major exchange (a buy and sell near the same price in gigantic quantities). You can use an algorithm to update your strike prices, to ensure that they don't actually get hit that much. Then you hope that price information trickles over to other exchanges, and buy there.
@_date: 2015-11-05 23:30:23
I dont know that it shows desperation, but it does show that the Ponzi is close to peaking / popping. If you're running a Ponzi, you want to bail once your deposits start shrinking relative to your payouts. Then you do what Kaerples did, which is freeze payouts and hope people keep depositing, and then you wait for that to dry up and then you bail.
The people posting videos everywhere shows that the Ponzi might be nearing max visibility. That means it's getting close to time for the founder to abscond with deposits again - though one wonders what he did with the hundreds of millions he supposedly made in Russia.
I wonder if anyone has done digging to find the addresses being used by MMM. From what I understand, there are low-level bundlers who go around attracting new members, who pay bitcoin into the site and receive back Mavros, a made-up unit of the scamming website. That means the Russian scammer probably has a few set wallets that he's using to handle all the deposits of new suckers. Track those wallets, wait for them to start sending lots of coins around, and you can pinpoint the Ponzi's collapse. Maybe somebody in one of the millions of videos posted a screenshot of the wallet they received payment from? That would be a starting point.
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:47:56
Right, exactly. The average European, whose debts, income, and investments are all denominated in Euros, has seen nothing change. The only ones that suffer from this are those that have dollar-denominated debts, but that's not a very large percentage. It will hurt oil and LNG imports, I should add.
@_date: 2015-03-05 18:34:40
This is just one long euphoric shower thought, and a complete waste of everyone's time reading.
@_date: 2015-03-31 15:33:12
First things first - Who gives a fuck what the heir of John Paul Getty thinks? He didn't make his billions, JP Getty did, so why do we care what his views on business are? Do we ask Kim Kardashian to provide insight on legal affairs, because her dad used to be a lawyer?
Second, this sub needs to get off its anti-FRB bandwagon. FRB is the fundamental basis of any bank that accepts deposits from the general public. Without FRB, no commercial bank would exist. We would have only investment banks - those funded by owner money, not by public deposits - and as a result the supply of credit would evaporate, there would be no mortgages, car loans, or any other lending product that improves people's lives
There is nothing wrong with FRB - it is simply a matter of choosing the right leverage that provides a balance between economic opportunity and the safety of the system. Banks, by nature, will try to increase their leverage and that is why we have to restrain them with laws and regulations, because apparently common sense doesn't work anymore. When banks over-leverage, it is simultaneously their fault and our own, because they made the choice and we didn't stop them. That, however, doesn't mean that FRB is inherently bad. FRB banks have existed successfully for hundreds of years in some cases. There is nothing economically wrong - let alone immoral, as so many people claim - about FRB.
Everyone who is against FRB is at best a financial luddite, and every time I see an anti-FRB post it's basically the bitcoin equivalent of spot the vegan.
@_date: 2015-03-15 15:14:32
Comparing bitcoin to the gold standard is a common, but bad, way of selling bitcoin to the masses.
It's important to remember that the gold standard failed. It proved itself to be prone to transmitting shocks quickly around the world, it exacerbated the Great Depression, and it was abandoned en masse by the globe because it proved insufficiently flexible for changing economic and political conditions. Fixed exchange rates around the world resulted in a race to the bottom, effectively forcing central banks to operate in tandem because, if one got too far out of the mainstream, it would get whacked by gold flows (either in, causing malinvestment and bubbles, or out, causing economic collapse).
If one is trying to sell bitcoin to an audience unfamiliar with it, invoking a failed monetary system is not the way to do it. There are other, better arguments for bitcoin than comparing it to the gold standard.
@_date: 2015-03-07 13:52:51
The debt ceiling only exists because of political maneuvering to [fund World War I]( It continues to exist because politicians have discovered they can grandstand on it.
It is a pointless thing, more indicative of political dysfunction than it is useful. Congress already sets a budget and appropriates money, there is no need to have a second thing to confirm that the budget is under budget.
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:41:32
If [this googled article]( is correct, the Eurozone is a net exporter. So a cheaper Euro should help more than it hurts, all other things being equal, which of course they aren't. More expensive oil and LNG will put pressure on Eurozone prices. Macroecon is complicate.
@_date: 2015-11-22 04:39:09
It's not even correct grammar.
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:14:32
So the analyst who said it would hit $2000 gave this as the justification:


So that's entirely wrong, since there has been no stimulus policies passed yet and there also hasn't been  a resulting spike in inflation. So the analyst who predicted $2000 a coin isn't a sage genius, but instead someone who got lucky. They predicted $2000 a coin for one reason (inflationary expectations as a result of Trump) and, quite independent of that logic, btcusd happened to hit $2000 a coin.
They were wrong before but got lucky. Why should we trust them to be right, now?
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:24:16
ITT bitcoiners share their macroeconomic paranoia.
@_date: 2015-03-10 14:55:43
Then I've applied there :)
@_date: 2015-03-22 00:51:34
This was proposed several years ago, and is one of the primary reasons that Russia invaded Crimea - the newly-elected Ukrainian government was pro-Europe, as opposed to pro-Eurasian Union. When Crimea was first invaded, most analyses revolved around the idea of Putin trying to strongarm Ukraine into his economic bloc.
Of course, now, it doesn't matter. An economic union with Kazakhstan and Belarus really just enables those two countries to more easily smuggle black market (or, due to Russian sanctions, European) goods. They have very very little economic value, rendering the whole idea of a currency union practically pointless.
@_date: 2015-03-22 23:22:09
Wealth disparity is at all time highs for many reasons, not the least of which is the stock market's recovery outstripping general economic recovery since ~2009. So if you were rich and had investments in 2009, those investments have more than doubled. If you're not rich, you don't have many investments and your primary income is your job / wages, you're more likely to have not benefited from the stock market. You're also more likely to have been unemployed, which hurts your wealth further, and your primary investment - your house - is possibly still worth less today than it was in 2007. 
The QE cash is sitting in the balance sheets of the banks to which it was issued. They don't know what to spend it on, so they either park it in treasuries or do nothing with it. They don't know what to spend it on because (a) they are more risk-averse now than in 2007, and (b) they don't see many good investment opportunities.
It's not like a bunch of monocle-wearing old white men in top hats write the Fed every year to thank it for sending them a shipping shipping container full of cash. The money is sitting in bank balance sheets because they don't know what to do with it.
@_date: 2015-10-20 12:41:21
It's pretty hard to draw universal conclusions from Switzerland. It's a small country whose immigration policies favor the rich, and it happens to have one of the highest average incomes in the OECD because of those policies and the fact that it is a financial entrepot.
If Bernie Sanders is wrong for trying to emulate Denmark in the US, trying to pull lessons from Switzerland is a similar mistake.
Also, the real deflation in Switzerland began this year, after they removed their ceiling vis a vis the Euro. If we are to draw lessons from them, we need to wait 3-4 years to see how much change really occurs. The EU has a whole has been deflationary since 2010 (the extent of this article's analysis), and it's not doing nearly as well.
@_date: 2015-10-20 15:42:04
Sure, and I don't mean to say that Switzerland should be ignored or dismissed. I'm just saying it's not a very good example to use in a general discussion about the pros and cons of deflation, at least not yet.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:14:47
Except PMs [don't perform well relative to other assets]( in inflation-adjusted purchasing power terms.


@_date: 2015-03-11 16:51:15
The 70% within the EU remain profit-neutral (because no country will gain a competitive advantage, as all intra-EU trade is in Euros) while the 30% abroad makes more and more money.
It will hurt oil imports and it will hurt LNG imports, but beyond that, there are relatively few downsides to the Euro getting cheaper for the average European. It will almost certainly cause a rise in tourism, among other benefits.
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:47:29
Burning coins is less charitable than giving it directly to a charity. If he's typing in an address anyway, he might as well type one in that actually benefits other people, instead of just increasing everyone's value by an almost completely un-noticeable amount.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:46:14
Apologies, I misread your original statement to mean that conservatives would help fix some of the problems in our banking sector.
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:14:36
If that was his plan, it could have failed in several ways. Off the top of my head:
1. His break-even point was higher than $1200.
2. He thought he could keep going higher than $1200, but eventually couldn't keep it up. Other exchanges were often $50-$100 further off that Mt Gox, a difference that should only increase as the false price rose.
3. He's an idiot, and didn't execute it very well, particularly the bots. Maybe he was incompetent in designing them and they didn't work as well as they should have.
4. He didn't buy enough before starting his plan.
On paper the idea works. It's still a fraud, but it could work in theory. Without knowing the specifics of exactly how much bitcoin he lost, how much cash he had on hand to buy low, and how good he was at coding his bots, nobody can really say.
@_date: 2015-11-10 16:33:09
In practice, yes. While the Fed can't actually walk around seizing money and burning it on the streets, it has other ways of shrinking the money supply. The Fed can raise the reserve requirement of federal reserve system banks, which would require banks to put more money on deposit at the Fed. That removes the deposited money from the broader money supply, effectively shrinking the supply of capital.
In addition to that, the Fed can also just raise interest rates. Like raising the deposit requirement, that sucks money out of the financial system and puts it in the Fed's vaults. 
Paul Volcker followed a version of both approaches when he successfully fought double-digit inflation in the late 1970s. I can explain that, a real-world example of how a central banker tried to suck money out of the financial system during a time of high inflation, if you guys are interested.
There are also many other ways for central banks to shrink the money supply, which have been used in foreign countries but not by the Fed to my knowledge.
@_date: 2015-03-15 16:29:50
Governments keep gold reserves because they have to keep lots of reserves to manage their exchange rates and to provide for the functioning of business, and it is poor investment policy to keep all your reserves in one thing. Using gold is a way to diversify their risks, which is also the same reason they use a basket of currencies, instead of just relying on say the dollar.
The gold standard was indeed "abandoned". Gold as a commodity != the gold standard.
Not going to reply to the rest of your post, because we're discussing the gold standard, not the financial system at large and how it exists today. I don't feel like going down that rabbit hole right now.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:43:43
By "budget" I am referring to Congress's budget and appropriations process. That covers non-discretionary spending, which AFAIK is around 40-50% of the federal budget. The rest is entitlements, which Congress can also modify.
But yes, like you said, Congress votes to spend money (appropriations) and then votes to maintain that spending (debt ceiling). There is no need for the debt ceiling, other than to provide profligate politicians a chance to grandstand as budget hardliners.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:41:43


That makes no sense.
Interest rates hitting zero is not a good thing - I'm not saying that at all. I'm just saying that they are attempting to combat a deflationary spiral, as opposed to an inflationary problem. Here's [a quick read]( on why negative rates exist. Here's [another article]( on the pros / cons of a negative / zero rate. Investors, typically, are willing to tolerate negative interest rates on their bonds because they expect the currency to appreciate in the future. That especially applies to Denmark, given its peg to the Euro, but also applies to the Euro relative to other currencies.
@_date: 2015-10-20 19:01:35
I think you'd need to find a modern, industrialized economy. I do know that the US was deflationary for a decade plus in the late 1800s, but don't have the time to look that up right now. The gold standard was inherently deflationary (at least until South African gold flooded the market, as I recall?), so maybe there are examples during that period.
@_date: 2015-03-23 00:45:18
Oh, I didn't realize we were going full alex jones in this thread. I prefer to stick to reality, so I'm done with this conversation.
@_date: 2015-03-09 18:53:18
What firm?
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:35:38
The moral hazard question is always a problem during financial panics, and usually people get too scared (like you said, planet veering off into the sun) and do whatever they can to fix it, often via ad hoc measures that were not part of any plan or foresight. I agree with you that the consolidation of the big banks post-2008 is worrisome, although I do understand the reasoning for it. As I'm sure you know, the first consolidations happened because the Fed was trying to force market solutions (not a bailout) on the sector by encouraging healthier banks to absorb the unhealthy. I don't like the outcome, and I would have happily accepted a Dodd-Frank requirement that the big banks be broken up or capped in size. There are equally good economic arguments for the same thing - they don't really enjoy economies of scale relative to smaller, local banks, for example.
The problem with defending the bailouts is that you have to prove a hypothetical. The logic of bailouts only works if you can say "We prevented something far worse from happening." But it's really hard to prove that. You may disagree, thinking that a harder crash purges the system and allows for quicker recovery, but there are very reasonable arguments to the contrary as well. 
This debate isn't anything new. The head of Treasury in 1929 famously said "liquidate everything" in response to the crash, and briefly did so, but things got so bad that action had to be taken. 
I tend to fall on the side of intervention, because having looked at all our previous financial crises, intervention almost inevitably takes place when the crisis is severe. So it's just a matter of how much damage is going to occur before the intervening, as opposed to whether or not we should intervene at all. As for why that's the case, I'd blame it on democratic politics. People vote, and they tend to like politicians who say "Elect me and I'll fix this problem" as opposed to "Elect me and I'll do nothing and hopefully it will get better soon."
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:36:24
Depends on what it is. I don't know if Europe is a net importer or exporter, but I'd expect a net exporter. It's true that all imported items will get more expensive - particularly oil and LNG, which i mentioned in a couple of replies.
@_date: 2015-10-18 05:24:31
There is zero evidence that Cypriots turned to bitcoin during the pop of 2013 (November). Cyprus was bailed out in March of that year, which is when the confiscation of deposits over 100k euro was announced. People here love to attribute upticks to economic distress and downticks to shadowy conspiracies / the banks, and doing so is lazy thinking.
That rant aside, I agree with you. The truth is probably less interesting. People in China with enough yuan to matter have ways of getting it abroad anyway - see property bubbles in Sydney, Vancouver, San Fran, and New York for starters - so I have a hard time believing that everyday, normal Chinese people are buying bitcoin as a hedge against a drop in the CNYUSD. I'm not claiming there aren't problems in China. In fact the property boom is very reminiscent of Iran, which saw large capital outflows (and property bubbles in the US in LA, among other places) just before the Ayatollah came to power in 1979. I'm just saying they have better options than bitcoin.
The CNYUSD dropped a lot more from January 2014 to June 2014 than it has this year, without a corresponding pop in the BTCUSD rate, so there's little to justify the "China is panicking to bitcoin as a safe haven" other than optimistic thinking.
@_date: 2015-10-27 17:42:39
Well, then sure. But OP doesn't get to claim it's charity in that event.
@_date: 2015-11-12 21:43:39
I typed [this up]( earlier today, on the same exact topic. Sorry for linking myself, but I don't really see the point in typing the same thing twice in the same day.
tl;dr people use "Ponzi scheme" and "pyramid scheme" as universal terms for "Something financial I think is shady." Bitcoin is neither a Ponzi nor a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:40:53
The video is made to introduce bitcoin to a mass audience. Hence, "the masses."
@_date: 2015-10-06 18:49:49
There will still be property, merchants, inventory, records, etc. And intermediaries which can be leaned on. And there are countless state-owned enterprises which are largely the norm outside the US, which can be monetized. In a bad example, Africa is effectively monetizing the future flows of its minerals, oil, and diamonds by selling mining rights to various (extremely shady) Chinese companies. A state could easily promise someone 3 years worth of operating an oil concession in return for an upfront payment.
I'm not saying I advocate any of those actions. I'm just saying they make states more trustworthy as a borrower than private individuals.
@_date: 2015-10-27 18:25:13
True. But other people were trying to, on his behalf. They would be stupid.
@_date: 2015-10-27 19:02:35
Oh, so if we redefine the conventional meaning of the word "charity," then OP is being charitable. 
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:39:56
"the gold standard" hasn't existed for thousands of years. "gold standard" is different than gold as a currency, which has had booms and busts at the same frequency as fiat. Kings devalued gold or abandoned it entirely just as the world abandoned it in the Great Depression / 1970s. It's not a new thing.
@_date: 2015-03-15 15:38:18
Why did the gold standard collapse, according to Rickards?
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:04:03
That's not capital controls. This is title clickbait from a website specializing in conspiracies.
@_date: 2017-05-09 17:14:57


You should be, because all of those types of analysis (including OP's) are bullshit. They amount to "If bitcoin reaches [arbitrary percentage] of [arbitrary asset class] then one bitcoin will be worth [very high amount of money]!" Anyone can do it. Here:
If bitcoin reaches 72% of the market cap of google, then each coin will be worth $10296!
If bitcoin reaches 48% of the annual defense budget of NATO, then each coin will be worth $3,498!
If bitcoin reaches 76% of the estimated future value of mining asteroids in outer space, then each coin could be worth $183,477,381!
Note - all the above numbers are completely pulled out of my ass, which is exactly the point.
@_date: 2015-03-18 04:26:11
Bitcoin isn't at $10,000 because the demand for it vs the supply of it hasn't warranted that price. 
By now, everyone here should know about Mt Gox using bots to manipulate the price and causing the late 2013 bubble (in a possible attempt by Karpeles to cover up his own hack a few months prior). I first started reading this sub around that time, when there were euphoric posts about students taking out student loans to invest in bitcoin and ~60% of the replies here would praise them for their economic foresight.
Anyway, I think the whole idea of $10k bitcoin was born in that period of irrational exuberance - that is what it was - and the fact that people still refer to it is pointless. Without Gox's manipulation, the price might have never reached $1k, and then all the bubble-riders wouldn't have shown up, and then the title of this post has no meaning.
Asking "why isn't bitcoin worth $10k now?!" is an attempt to justify your own bad perceptions of what it should be worth, and little else. Why isn't the sky blue today, when I'd like it to be? Why is it snowing, when I think spring is here?
@_date: 2015-03-07 19:13:08
I see your point, but I don't think the country sees those votes that way. I completely agree that voting yes to the appropriations and then no to the debt ceiling is hypocritical. However, because most of the public doesn't understand the debt ceiling / approps dynamic, it is quite possible for a politician to grandstand on the debt ceiling without people seeing it as hypocritical.
@_date: 2015-03-15 15:29:45
Books predicting the end of the macroeconomic system have been a dime a dozen since 2008. Why should I read this? Also, I googled him, and his main professional claim to fame is being the lawyer for LTCM .... lol.
What I stated is the accepted version of events by every economist of note in the second half of the 20th century, including Friedman, Eichengreen, and Helicopter Ben. All things being equal, I'll  tend to prefer their opinion over that of a lawyer who titles himself "Financial Threat and Asymmetric Warfare Advisor CIA &amp; The Director of National Intelligence," especially when he's never worked for either of those organizations.
@_date: 2015-10-04 00:22:14
And you're an idiot who doesn't know "Treasury Bill" is specific to US sovereign debt, not a universal term for any country's bonds.
@_date: 2015-03-10 12:41:08
Was only asking because I have applications in at two of those three acronyms
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:16:14
I am not an expert on Australia's economic history, but from some googling it appears that Australia's primary problem was persistent and high inflation, coupled with macroeconomic events that made things worse (Black Monday, fall of the USSR, American recession). The standard remedy for fixing inflation is to hike interest rates - as you probably know, Volker had done so in the US just a decade before Australia. It looks like Australia did raise interest rates, but also privatized some industries and lowered tariffs in an attempt to increase productivity and trade. The combination of the above, based on my googling, fixed it. But please let me know if I'm reading that wrong.
Central banks have a lot of history dealing with inflation. Indeed, our entire way of dealing with monetary policy is premised on dealing with inflation (that is the logic behind monetarism, and central bank independence). Deflation is a different problem, and it requires different solutions.
@_date: 2015-10-22 14:34:04
Agreed, I wouldn't differ with much of your analysis. The CHF has traditionally been a safe haven currency, so it is reasonable to expect that they would be experiencing capital inflows for a long time to come, especially in the Euro's QE environment.
I am not as pessimistic as you on the Euro, I think the politics behind it will sustain it even if the economics of it, particularly German wage negotiation policies, make doing so increasingly difficult. China is a different beast; the internal politics of the CCP require some sort of recovery, so I don't think that stagnation is really an option for them. They'll either throw money at things until they recover, or the CCP will get thrown out for trying and failing.
But, anyway, yeah, I can see why you think what you do and my differences are opinion-based, not really fact-based. Good conversation, thanks for replying.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:23:34
Remember kids: Every rise in BTCUSD is because of fundamentals and inevitable mass adoption. Every dip in BTCUSD is because of malicious shadowy financial forces and / or healthy reversions to the mean.
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:35:25
That's one of the dumbest arguments I consistently see on this sub. Paper losses are not imaginary things to be wished away with hopefulness and optimism. They are a reflection of your buying power at the moment you account for your holdings.
By that shitty logic, if I'd bought $10m worth of Enron stock in 2000 and still held it today, I'd still not have any losses, amirite guys?!
@_date: 2015-10-06 19:34:12
I actually wrote my thesis on the topic of central banking. I was particularly interested in exploring how the idea of central bank independence (CBI), itself created during a time of high inflation which was presumed to be the fault of pernicious, short-sighted politicians, carried over to today's post-2008 near-zero interest rate environment. Anyway, as part of that, I had to learn the history of central banking, and the first two central banks were the Bank of England and the Swedish Riksbank. People argue about which one is "oldest" because the Riksbank was suspended for a few years later on and therefore might be said to not be continuously functioning, but they were created around the same time to fund the wars of England in France and the Swedes against Denmark, respectively.
For sources, one of the best books on banking and financial history I've ever encountered is [Fragile by Design]( If you're not willing to read an entire book, the [wiki]( on the BoE includes that the bank was originally founded to fund the rebuilding of the English navy. And the [Riksbank]( history site includes a snippet about how the Riksbank was forced to finance the Great Northern War.
The Fed, as you mentioned, was not created to fund a war. It was forced to supply below-market rate loans to the federal government during WWI and WWII, but it was not explicitly founded to fight a war. But the Fed isn't the world's first central bank. Fragile by Design helps explain why the Fed was designed to be a lender of last resort, whereas the BoE had that role forced upon it by public outrage over several decades in the 1830s-1860s. Central banks have never had a static or limited role in society. Like any other institution - and I think that's how they are best understood, as government institutions - they evolve and change with the times. The Fed started as a lender of last resort, then expanded to macro stability, then shrank to simple inflation targeting, then expanded back to macro stability and (as of Dodd-Frank) system-wide regulation. The BoE started to fund wars, then grew to be a lender of last resort, then got nationalized to pay for the war effort and only regained its freedom in 1997 as part of a "get monetary policy out of the hands of politicians" CBI mindset. I could go on, but I don't think anyone would read it.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:16:03
Right. If you're trying to reform the banking system, you're going to want banking experts to chime in. And it turns out bankers are sometimes banking experts. It's true that the Jekyll Island trip contained mostly bankers, but it also included politicians and was designed to find a political compromise between the financiers (who wanted nothing but bankers on the board) and the populists, primarily William Jennings Bryan, who demanded representatives of labor and government be included as well.
@_date: 2015-03-11 13:52:11
This is really the kind of thing that bitcoin advocates should be selling. This sort of transaction doesn't require believing in any political or economic philosophy, and it doesn't require hoping that, in the future, everything changes. These transactions benefit people's lives - now - simply, and clearly. And there are hundreds of millions of people who send remittances around the globe.
@_date: 2015-03-27 23:37:36
No modern central bank thinks that its dollars are going to gain in value. They hold dollars to facilitate business, to maintain their exchange rate, or to save for a rainy day.
You can call the dollar a terrible, horrible, global scheme if you please. But you cannot call it a "ponzi scheme," "insider trading" or any other term for financial crime you happen to know.
@_date: 2017-07-08 14:39:46
You've insulted the groupthink, good luck fighting it. They've seen some youtube videos with bad narration and scary music that prove - PROVE! - the fed was created by evil maniacal bankers in secret to defraud merica of all its money and lead to ruinous wars and stagnation! Of course, they also probably don't know that the US banking system was the most unstable in the world until the creation of the Fed, because the youtube didn't cover that. And they almost certainly can't explain why William Jennings Bryan (if they even know who he is) went out in support of the Fed bill, despite Bryan making his name as an anti-elites, anti-banking, populist politician who railed about the moneyed class fleecing the poor.
Have fun :)
@_date: 2015-03-15 16:27:28
I don't understand your statement. The gold standard, in a sense, was price fixing - paper currency was always exchangeable to gold at a fixed, non-market-determined rate. But that's how the gold standard functions in general. Without that artificial price, you have no fixed conversion rate. Without that fixed conversion rate, you have none of the benefits that the gold standard provides.
@_date: 2015-03-03 18:57:16
No, it doesn't show that. What it really shows is the monetary base, in the St Louis area. It increased somewhat beginning in 1971, and then skyrocketed in response to 2008. The 2008 response dwarfs the preceding 30 years worth of money creation. 
What it shows is QE, in the area administered by the St Louis Fed. Says nothing about nationwide.
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:06:29
They're telling banks that, if the bank suspects illegal activity, they should maybe be more proactive than filing a report.
Capital controls means limiting withdrawals and prohibiting foreign exchange. This is nothing anywhere near that.
@_date: 2015-10-08 18:47:59
This is a piece of financial news, but has nothing to do with bitcoin.
For the curious, China is selling its T-Bills to fund its domestic stock market interventions. It uses the funds raised to buy (directly and indirectly) stocks of Chinese companies to prop them up and keep share prices high. If that sounds short-sighted and unsustainable, that's because it is, but they also had over $1.2 trillion worth of US currency - and this figure excludes the euros, gold, and other reserves they have sitting around - so they can keep throwing money at their market for a while. And in addition to central bank reserves, they can use other coercive measures to pump money in, such as forcing state-run enterprises to buy shares, banning short selling, and implementing tighter circuit breakers to arrest a stock's sudden drop. The laws of economics apply to China, but they have more tools at their disposal to fight it than probably any other country on earth outside the US.
Does this affect bitcoin? No. Only if they fail miserably and succeed only in throwing good money after bad, and there's an economic calamity, and unlike other preceding calamities (Euro 2012-present) people rush to buy bitcoin as a save haven. If they succeed in propping up their markets, then that action would actually hurt bitcoin because Chinese consumers, their market investments saved, have less incentive to flee to the bitcoin save haven.
@_date: 2015-10-15 13:39:26
To answer this, you need to explain why the November 2013 spike happened.
It wasn't a natural, slow-moving growth. It didn't particularly coincide with any major economic events. Cyprus, usually referred to as the thing that scared people into a safe haven and hence bitcoin, was bailed out in March 2013. Greece had issues, but Greece has been having issues every 8 months since 2009, and there hasn't been a $1000 spike every time they went to the brink with the Troika. The US was doing better, China's bubble had not yet burst, Russia had yet to invade Crimea, and there is little in overall macro economics to justify the idea that people fled to bitcoin as a safe haven.
IMO the best explanation for the bubble has been hinted at by tinfoil activists here, and they argue that, after Mt Gox got hacked, Mark Karpeles started using bots on his exchange (by then handling 70% of all bitcoin transactions) in an attempt to drive the price up. His bots would trade with each other, encouraging outside people to trade as well, which puts transaction fees in his pocket while also enabling him to buy at lower prices and sell to outsiders after his bots had driven the price up. If the "natural" price of bitcoin was $100, he could have theoretically bought a bunch, used his bots to drive it up to $1200, sold there, let it collapse again, and then buy back all his hacked coins using the money he'd raised. Ultimately, either his plan didn't work or he executed it poorly, because the exchange still collapsed and he is, last I heard, sitting in Japan waiting to be put on trial for fraud.
I'm not a financial detective expert, but there are multiple sources easily available on google pointing out large price discrepancies between Mt Gox and its competing exchanges, leading up to November 2013 and even after. Google "MtGox price difference" and you'll see multiple results from right around that time.
I think that's what drove the pop. After that unsustainable fraud collapsed, bitcoin went back to a more market-based (un-manipulated) level, where it has been more or less ever since. As a result I don't think there will be another month where the price spikes like that, ever again. We should be worried if there is, and there's no real justification for it (ie, a major disruption in fiat financial systems).
@_date: 2015-11-06 14:28:17
The ease of running is part of it, but it's also a (flimsy) legal ploy. China ruled bitcoin isn't a currency, and the sitebucks (named Mavros) are definitely not a currency. His logic is that Ponzi schemes are only illegal in China when they involve real currencies, so he's hoping they won't go after him. If enough Chinese people lose money, however, I would bet China goes after him anyway.
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:37:06
If you buy and save in the Euro, then you're doing fine. Deflation has meant that your euro today is worth more than it was a couple years ago, regardless of exchange rates. PPP hasn't gone down.
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:42:38
Let's analyze this briefly.
There are 14.7 million bitcoin in circulation. If OP burns his .1 BTC, the value of those 14.7 million btc increase by a collective .00000000068%. The charity's holdings therefore increase by that percentage. If they own 10 million bitcoins, they'd make a whopping .068 bitcoins from this transaction. Hooray! Charity.
Now, if he sends .1 btc directly to the charity, they actually get .1 btc more. 
There is literally no mathematical way in which OP burning his bitcoins benefits a charity more than just giving the charity the bitcoins. Claiming burning is charity is not the same as giving to charity. OP is already typing in an address, he might as well type in an address that benefits people more than just destroying his coins.
@_date: 2015-02-13 16:50:55
I'm saying that Germany, via its wage negotiation system, purposefully suppressed wages over a long period of time, a policy which gave it a competitive advantage over its Southern European peers and helped fuel their deficits. As a result, Germany should be involved in helping fix those economies, instead of pretending like their problems are entirely their doing. Germany goes around pretending that, if only everyone else were like Germany, things would be fine. But that is economically impossible and ignores their own wage policies.
@_date: 2015-03-17 15:57:18
This is not new. The same thing happened in the early 1980s when Volcker raised interest rates to the low 20's to fight inflation in America, and that resulted in wave after wave of defaults and restructurings and other bad things in Latin America, collectively referred to as [the Lost Decade.](
Personally, I think the Fed today is acting with a global frame of reference. Economically speaking, the US has been growing well for the last 2-3 years and it probably makes sense to begin tightening monetary policy a bit as a result. However, the Fed knows that their actions have global impacts, and they don't want to create problems with Europe or be responsible for another wave of defaults in the global south. Hence why they haven't raised rates yet - doing so would siphon money out of Europe, worsening its deflation problem.
I think they will raise rates, but I think they will do it slowly and over a long period of time to make the global adjustment gradual instead of sharp and Volcker-esque. It will result in slower growth in the South, but if they do it right, it shouldn't result in catastrophe.
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:34:30
Yes, that is true. I don't have the time to look up that data, but I would be surprised if Europe is a net importer given Germany's famous export prowess.
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:28:40
Then you will remain as ignorant tomorrow as you are today. 
Fun fact - nowhere in there does it say that the purpose of money is to enslave nations.
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:08:04
If Congress is concerned about debt levels, it needs to adjust its yearly budget and appropriations bills. The debt ceiling only gets hit because Congress's budgets cause it to get hit.
The debt ceiling is a remnant from the unpopular decision to fund WWI via Liberty Bonds and is only alive today because politicians have discovered that they can vote for pork etc in their budgets and deficit spend to their heart's content, then cast symbolic votes against the debt ceiling and masquerade as budget hardliners.
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:56:22
Why? Deflation has meant that your Euro buys more today than it did a year ago. "Euro losing 35% of its value" only applies to foreign exchange, so it's not like you've lost money unless you were planning on retiring abroad.
@_date: 2015-03-21 13:49:54
Then you use another exchange.
@_date: 2015-10-21 13:34:52
They only abandoned the tax evasion thing when Treasury threatened to prevent access of big banks - IIRC it was UBS? - to the US financial system. That's basically a death knell for any multinational bank. As I recall, UBS was specifically marketing products to rich US citizens on their ability to evade taxes, among many other things. Pretty asshole behavior, IMO.
The ceiling on the franc to the euro was only possible because the swiss central bank was buying euros at the set (ceiling) rate. They can only buy euros for as long as they have reserves to do so. When the rate of reserve depletion accelerated, they could either continue fighting and risk a 1992-BoE-Soros type event, or they could bow to the inevitable and let it float. They decided to let it float.
What most economists expect to happen is for people and businesses to move lots and lots of money into francs or Swiss assets, expecting that as Euro QE and low US interest rates continue, the franc can basically only appreciate relative to those big currencies. That means deflation. That makes foreign tourism more expensive, and it makes foreign investment more expensive. Debt (most importantly corporate debt) becomes harder to service, companies are likely to slow expansion until it's cheaper to do so, exporting companies are likely to lose money, yada yada all the deflation things. To combat this fear, they lowered their interest rate to I believe -.75%. It remains to be seen how this will all turn out; it's only been 6 or so months. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:48:41
Right. This is Greece's problem in a nutshell, and why the Euro is doing it so much harm. It's also why going to bitcoin wouldn't help them.
@_date: 2015-02-04 19:35:21
Yes, it is possible to make an inflation-resistant currency. 
The gold standard (supposed to be both inflation resistant) worked that way from the late 19th century until World War I or the Great Depression, depending on where you look and who you ask. Countries printed paper currency based on a ratio of gold in reserve at their central banks. In the United States, where gold was valued at $20 per ounce, 20 dollars were printed for every ounce that the Federal Reserve had in its vaults.
This system fell apart because of what made it good in the first place - the ease of movement of money across borders. Things went kaput in the US, and so people started moving gold out of the US to other places. The US didn't like that (because its dollar to gold ratio is now out of whack), so the Fed hiked interest rates (paying banks interest to re-deposit their gold in its vaults). Its only other alternative would have been to go around buying dollars with gold in order to get the dollar-gold ratio back to where it was supposed to. However, that is expensive, and could only be done for a small period of time. It's also quite terrible for economic growth. In any event, when the Fed hiked rates, other countries followed, because they wanted the gold too. The result was gold sloshing around the globe to whomever paid the most for it at the time, causing massive instability, countries hiking barriers to slow the movement of gold across borders, and eventually resulted in most countries either abandoning gold or devaluing their currency.
The gold standard was reinvented after WWII but fell apart for similar reasons. The US hit a bad patch, the Fed didn't want to blow all of its gold defending a largely-arbitrary peg, and the market price of gold as a commodity had gotten completely divergent from the $35 an ounce official dollar-gold rate.
For some reason this history is always forgotten by goldbugs who think gold was the greatest basis for a currency ever. But, to answer your other question:
Could you make the supply of bitcoin track a CPI? Sure, probably, at least for rate of increase. Many central banks today base their policy on CPI increase / decrease, although which type of CPI they use and which parts they emphasize over others varies from bank to bank. Energy prices, for example, are sometimes (but not always) stripped out of CPI calculations that rely more on the "staples" - bread, milk, that kind of thing. So you'd need to pick how you want to compute CPI. The other wrinkle is that, if you're using a fiat currency to price things, there would be a natural inflation due to conventional monetary policy tolerance of ~2% inflation year on year.
With bitcoin, should CPI fall into deflationary territory (prices are shrinking year to year), there would be no way to remove bitcoins from the system. So you would never have a "neutral" money, just one that doesn't inflate. It would definitely deflate over time. 
@_date: 2015-03-20 18:16:10
I predict that almost all predictions in this thread will be wrong.
@_date: 2015-03-15 16:48:54
We must be careful in our terminology. Gold and silver-based currencies have existed for a long time, but the term "gold standard" is usually used to describe a period from the mid-1800s through the Great Depression, with a revival after WWII (killed by Nixon) that is usually viewed as a weaker, last ditch attempt to revive the previous.
Disputes about gold have existed for as long as gold has been used as a commodity. The gold standard was not a business utopia in which everyone got rich and benefitted from stable exchange rates. William Jennings Bryan was merely the most prominent among politicians in the US who argued that gold was, in FDR's terminology, a "fetish of the bankers" that screwed working class people over in favor of rich bankers. There were many others, in many other places. 
Gold vs fiat is an interesting discussion, and I agree with you that each has its merits. I think that gold's benefits - primarily, a stable exchange rate and low inflation - were outweighed by its negatives - insufficient policy flexibility in times of crisis. Fiat, certainly less capable than gold at maintaining its value over time, has the advantage that it can be ramped up and down to meet changing economic and political conditions. Keynes was right to observe that, in the gold standard, changing economic conditions resulted in adjustments made on the back of workers, whose wages had to eat up differences in competitiveness across borders.
The question, in my view, is which is better. A currency that functions better in a purely economic sense (gold) or one that functions better in a political sense (fiat). Given the history of gold and its collapse, I am inclined to think fiat. When push comes to shove, domestic political flexibility tends to trump the desires of international economic systems. But reasonable people can disagree.
@_date: 2015-03-23 02:38:55
No, that is not exactly what happened in 2008. That is your conspiratorial bullshit interpretation of what happened in 2008. 
Geithner forced the banks to take bailouts because he was afraid (and rightly so) that any bank which did not publicly announce it had access to federal funding would be subject to a run on the bank. As I recall the only bank which really fought the bailouts was Wells Fargo, and after a dramatic meeting at the NY Fed (documented by Frontline) they gave in, too.
Paulson's tanks in the streets quote is not found in any reputable sources I can google . The closest I could find was a house member saying that he was told, privately, that without TARP there would be civil unrest leading to martial law. And even if it was said, I would very much suspect it was a warning that market collapse would lead to civil unrest, which it did, to a limited degree. The market collapse also fueled the kinds of conspiratorial nonsense you're spouting now, too.
The Fed's loans to European institutions weren't secretive. People knew about it at the time, and bitched about it at the time. At the end of the day, some of those institutions had significant US exposure and therefore posed a threat to the US system. Banks like RBS or UBS, technically headquartered in foreign countries, have US operations and given Europe's failure (since rectified) to create an institution capable of providing lender of last resort facilities, the Fed was the only choice. Second, AIG was bailed out because it came under threat and regulators realized how systematically important it was. Had AIG been allowed to fail, we probably would have seen bread lines. It was that big, and tied to that many people. It's all well and good to worry about moral hazard and bailing out irresponsibility, but when the choice becomes either complete market collapse or spending a few hundred billion, that decision ceases to be as black and white as you think it should.
Buffett bought a $5bn stake in Goldman because he thought it was a good investment, and Goldman wanted Buffett because announcing him as an investor was an attempt to pacify the market, which had put it under tremendous strain. And on that $5bn investment, Buffett cleared $2bn in profit. But I guess that's just rich white guys coercing Buffett via threat of blowing up the world, huh.
It's sad that people like you so readily believe conspiratorial bullshit, and it's even more sad that you will defend it (and probably argue with this reply) as well. You should stick to whatever echo chamber forums you get this nonsense from.
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:00:30
Moral hazards did play a role in causing the 2008 crisis. And I completely agree with you that it is insane that no major CEO or financial officer went to jail (or even faced charges, as far as I'm aware). Part of that is the difficulty of proving criminal intent. If a banker made a terrible investment choice (and boy did they), you can't charge them criminally for incompetence. You can only charge the ones you know purposefully did illegal things. At least that's what the SEC has been saying. I tend to accept that, because I feel like the politics of prosecuting a wall street fat cat would be fantastic PR for whomever did it, and there are always DA's trying to make a name for themselves. I still don't like it, of course.
I'm not being anyone's apologist. I, too, paid attention to the crisis and have studied it academically for several years now.
The moral hazard question is always something raised during and after a financial crisis, but in the depths of september 2008, the choice was between standing firm (and watching the markets fall) or bailouts. And for the record, our first choice was standing firm. It was only after we stood firm and watched Lehman collapse that Paulson, Bernanke, et tal decided that any more collapses would bring the entire system to a halt. Just Lehman alone had crashed money markets - a completely unheard of problem to have - and then TARP and the bailouts began.
@_date: 2015-10-20 18:16:35
If you can find an example of an economy doing well in a state of persistent deflation, over a long period of time, I'd be interested to see it. 
@_date: 2015-03-20 18:10:25
People here often seem to know the answer (bitcoin!) before they know the question. So most "questions" asked here aren't asked to find a practical answer, but are instead mental exercises seeking to prove that bitcoin works in this particular scenario, too.
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:20:15
Negative interest rates exist to combat deflation, the opposite problem of inflation. The same motivation is why they are also printing money by the bucketful. The problem today is not flooding the market with money, but instead a deflationary spiral - and to be fair, it seems that the world is generally doing a pretty good job of fighting it.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:14:19
I'm making fun of the conspiratorial Ron Paul types, not OP specifically.
@_date: 2015-10-06 20:09:17
Debt can't pile up forever, but there's also zero evidence that the current US debt load is unsustainable or putting it in some form of imminent crisis. Japan has debt loads roughly twice that of the US, for example. US borrowing rates are still at historic lows - you'd expect them to increase if lenders thought the US was more of a credit risk. Rates are low, meaning lenders think the US is a low-risk place, despite its debt loads. Inflation, the fact that the debt is denominated in dollars, and the potential for 2-3% GDP growth and corresponding increases in tax revenue mean that, outside of ideological arguments, there is nothing today that indicates the US is in any kind of imminent danger.
Can the US borrow $1 trillion a year for the next century? No. Is $18 trillion an unsustainable debt load? Not according to the market, which is conventionally accepted as being a fantastic transmitter of information.
@_date: 2015-03-20 20:17:12
The report exactly tells them to contact the police, in addition to filing a report. That's all it says. Banks are now encouraged to contact law enforcement directly, in addition to filing reports.
It's not capital controls, unless you are defining "capital controls" as "anything that prevents me from moving any amount of currency to anywhere else in the world i please." In which case, there have been capital controls for decades.
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:57:10
By using reasonable estimates of future growth, as opposed to cherry picking market segments and assuming that bitcoin takes over said segment entirely, while ignoring velocity as you correctly point out.
@_date: 2015-02-24 02:41:31
... which is what fixed the great depression in most countries.
In economics, you should always be wary of dogmatic answers, or those that claim to have the right or wrong solution. Every policy has its merits.
@_date: 2015-03-17 17:18:44
Yes, the US has been growing well the last 2-3 years. Unemployment is down in the 5% range, GDP estimates are around 2-3% plus per year on average, etc. It's a world apart from 2008.
I think they will raise rates. They have been signalling their intention to do so for 6-9 months now, and most economists expect an announcement about it by around August. Time will tell. Do a remindme or something and we'll see if they do it by the end of this year.
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:24:36


That's called "mass adoption." Get with the program.
@_date: 2015-02-12 22:24:30
Of course its simplistic. Nobody can explain the Eurozone in 500 words. I am reacting to the video's emphasis on sovereign debt as the only problem, and fiscal union as a means to stop countries from overspending. Fiscal union also needs to be a way to compensate for productivity differences.
@_date: 2017-05-09 23:32:40
I have two points:
1. Gold is not an analog for bitcoin. Gold, unlike bitcoin, has uses other than as a currency and that's why it's traded as a commodity. 
2. People buy many things solely for being a store of value: houses, art, other metals, jewelry, politicians, etc. But nobody goes around saying "Hey everyone, if the Mona Lisa becomes worth 25% of the US housing market, it'll be worth $3tn!"
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:12:02
Right, exactly. And further compounding the problem is that the countries Germany is hoisting austerity on are the ones which are buying its products. Forcing their consumption to drop only hurts Germany's exports. It's a short-sighted, and excessively moralistic, perspective to take. And it's helping prevent Europe's economic recovery.
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:13:31
I agree, but the question is how severe the austerity should be. Are we talking immediate 20% cuts tomorrow, or are we talking about restraining expenditures for a while and counting on economic growth to make up the difference? There's more than one way to do it, and the German way (cut everything immediately) has resulted in economic collapse. When the economy collapses, tax revenues fall, and so to balance the budget you have to cut even more services. Cut those services, economic growth slows, and you have a downward spiral.
I will add that the austerity argument is strongest for Greece, but does not truly apply to the other Southern European countries. And I'll also throw in an obligatory "thanks goldman" for its role in helping Greece hide its levels of debt when it applied to join the EMU.
@_date: 2015-02-12 22:26:27
Not as envisaged. Germany supports a fiscal union primarily as a way to control the spending of other countries (ie, to prevent them from running deficits). Germany wants a treaty with teeth that punishes countries for over-spending. It is not interested in a fiscal union that involves fiscal transfers across borders.
@_date: 2015-10-27 17:42:14
Your complaints about charity spending are warranted, but do not disprove the general idea that giving .1 btc to a specific charity (that you've presumably done your homework on) beats destroying it, and then lazily claiming that you've given everyone charity.
10 million btc was a reference to show that there's no mathematical way for destroying the bitcoin to benefit a charity more than giving it to them directly.
Then fine. I'd rather you snooze your fortune away to a (worthwhile) charity than destroy it because you have no self-control or motivation.
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:01:21
Mmm. It appears our weekly Friday night stoned / drunk euphoric postings have begun.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:23:23
I didn't know that. Are they big enough to handle large volumes?
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:04:21
Don't be surprised if his program takes a fairly balanced look at bitcoin, then concludes that it's interesting but not really that ready for full-time use. That would be the Spurlock thing to do.
@_date: 2015-10-02 14:37:27
That's some comedy gold right there. Can't believe somebody's actually willing to produce a 26 minute video about bullshit like that. But, welcome to the internet, right?
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:07:19
Except the entire article consisted of him naming various market segments, then saying "If bitcoin took over this entire market, it would be worth X", and then moving on to the next one.
It's still stupid to arrive at valuations by dividing market cap by the number of bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-11-06 13:13:54
What's wrong with the source I provided? Many other websites use it as their factual basis, and others have verified its data dump as well. I'd be interested - and others should be too - to know why you think it's all bogus.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:16:01
What helps Greek exports helps the Greek people.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:26:22
Debt-based economy is a monetary system in which money is the result of one party extending credit to another. One man's credit is another man's debt. That interpretation of money has been the interpretation for at least the last two centuries, and has been arguably before that as well. The alternative is metallic-based economies (typically gold and silver), in which digging gold out of the ground gives you money (as opposed to having to get it from someone else). That system, of course, crashed and burned horribly after World War I and the Great Depression, finally being killed off in the early 70s. And it certainly had its share of problems.
That said, deflation is still a problem in metallic systems as well. 
@_date: 2015-10-21 04:45:26
Switzerland has long had minimum income requirements (IIRC six figures plus in USD) for people seeking Swiss citizenship, which confers many benefits. Among them, Switzerland has very strict extradition requirements - which is why Sepp Blatter, the corrupt head of FIFA, will probably never see the inside of a jail cell - and they have very strict bank disclosure laws. They used to be even more strict, until the US Treasury Department threatened to not allow any Swiss bank to operate inside the US, because UBS was actively marketing tax-evasion schemes to US citizens, among other shady financial things. Anyway, the point is, they have minimum income requirements for most immigrants, recent Syrian refugees not withstanding.
They abandoned their ceiling because it was getting too expensive. When that reality hit, they realized they'd have a problem with deflation wrecking local tourism and exports (primarily luxury goods), so they met their abandonment of the ceiling with negative interest rates. It's not like that's been a long-lasting policy.
Switzerland is still a very very rich country. And it's not because their economy just happens to produce rich people. It's a product of policy.
@_date: 2015-02-20 18:30:35
Yes. But bitcoin isn't one of them. Bitcoin won't lower Greece's debt burden or enhance its economic competitiveness.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:19:52
There is more to the anti-deflation argument than a cataclysmic deflationary spiral.
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:13:55
I'm pointing out that there are more ways to do austerity than the German shock-and-awe approach.
As for the bottom, theoretically, it exists. The question is how far down you've gone to hit there, and how much domestic pain you've suffered as a result. Many countries have used austerity in response to 2008, and the results are decidedly mixed.
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:53:23
"If the US consumes 65 billion gallons of gasoline a year; at $3.66 a gallon, this would be $234 billion going through the bitcoin economy each year. If the market cap for bitcoin was $234 billion, each single bitcoin would be worth $34,400."
You seriously think that qualifies as reasonable analysis?
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:12:42
Conservatives in Congress repealed the part of Dodd-Frank that prohibited banks from using FDIC-insured money [to play with derivatives]( So I wouldn't exactly say that conservatives are going to make things better.
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:01:43
Oh, ok then it makes perfect sense.
@_date: 2015-02-20 18:29:00
None of what you just said is true.
Greece does not suffer from top-down currency manipulation. It suffers from a currency bloc it lied to get into, and which is now unwilling to provide it the breathing room it needs to adjust.
"Sound money" and "real market economy" are nice buzzwords but mean almost nothing. "sound money" is usually used by goldbugs to imply a moral superiority to their preferred monetary system (after all, who wants an "unsound" money?). "Real market economy" is even more meaningless than "sound money" as a phrase.
Bitcoin would not help Greece at all in the present situation. Not at all. Greece's problem is that it is uncompetitive relative to its trading partners (because the value of the Euro is too high), in addition to its increasing debt burden (which is exacerbated by a strong Euro). Both problems, in the past, would have been solved by a currency devaluation (which lowers the debt burden, and helps increase its competitiveness abroad) and / or a default (which eliminates the debt burden, and helps competitiveness in the long run). Because of the Euro, neither option is available. 
And, most importantly, neither solution is an option in a bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:01:47
I very much doubt that you can get widespread acceptance of a currency that will automatically delete a fraction of everyone's holdings.
Like I said though, you'd have an inflation-resistant currency. You would just be prone to deflation in a very big way. In such a system, if 1 bitcoin buys 1 apple today, its possible that 1 bitcoin buys 2 apples in the future. It would just not be possible for 1 bitcoin to buy half an apple.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:14:23
Every economy in the world is debt-based. Furthermore, in a fully-developed bitcoin ecosystem (mass adoption, billions of users) there would be banks or at least lenders, and they would issue debt. People will still want to buy houses and cars. Insurance companies would still insure against fluctuations in economic conditions, and it would still be standard business practice to insure more than they could pay out. "Debt-based economy" is nonsense-speak for "any economy with lenders," which any good-sized economy has in spades.
Deflation is a major problem in any economic system, at least equal to (if not more so than) inflation. 
Tired of reading the same pseudo-economic "analysis" around here.
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:01:32
Mmm. It appears our weekly Friday night stoned / drunk euphoric postings have begun.
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:01:06
Only naive people take an entire market segment, assume that bitcoin will somehow come to be worth the entirety of said segment, and then arrive at a valuation.
Do that in a business meeting and you'd be laughed out of the meeting. Do it on and people such as yourself defend it.
@_date: 2015-02-12 04:40:09
That's not true. State laws can supplement federal law, but they can't contradict it. For example, federal minimum wage is set at a certain amount and states can go above that, but they can't go below it.
The commerce clause and the health, safety, and welfare language are routinely used to set national standards on everything from building codes to workplace safety regulations. States can't ignore those laws. Well, they can, but there will be a lawsuit.
@_date: 2015-03-23 14:19:11
I would not be opposed to a non-bank bailout as part of the solution as well. Obama implemented an underwater mortgage refinance program that was sadly under-utilized, but many other economists have proposed the same thing. At the depths of the crisis, there were democrat politicians thinking about invoking eminent domain to seize underwater homes, then immediately re-selling said homes back to their original owners at a lower interest rate and with the difference in value chopped off. It didn't happen, but it was on the table.
Bailouts happened before we depegged as well. The entire raison d'etre for the Fed, after all, is to act as a lender of last resort.
@_date: 2015-10-08 19:03:49
I don't think there's much impact on the RMBUSD. They're selling dollars to buy yuan, which puts upward pressure on the RMBUSD, but then they immediately release that yuan into the wild by buying stocks etc, which puts downward pressure on the RMBUSD.
It depends on how much of each they're exactly doing, but it could easily be a wash. The whole reason they hold dollars in the first place is to keep the yuan cheap. Selling dollars, as they're doing, reverses the dynamic.
Some researchers found a pretty strong correlation between upticks in T-Bill volume and upticks in Chinese stock volume starting this year, indicating that Chinese sales of T-Bills are probably being used to fund their interventions in Chinese stocks. I can dig that up if you'd like, but it's probably easily found on google. Given Chinese opacity in their policy-making, this is how people have been estimating the scale of China's interventions.
@_date: 2015-02-12 21:35:58
It's to be expected from a 12 minute video, but that is a very simplified version of what went wrong.
Europe didn't have a sovereign debt crisis until after 2008. By that I mean most states (Greece excepted) were following reasonable fiscal policies, with their deficits within reasonable levels. When the global economy collapsed, their tax revenues collapsed with them, and the popping of real estate bubbles (reducing property tax) further reduced their income. Thus, expenditures which had been seen as within healthy ranges pre-2008 were suddenly under-funded (if funded at all).
A large part of the problem is Germany, which took advantage of its labor negotiation practices to keep German wages artificially low. Germany has a history dating back to pre-WWII of state-run firms, the unions, and the state meeting to negotiate wage increases over a period of time. After the collapse of the Berlin Wall and the reunification of Germany, that wage-negotiation structure was used to keep German wages lower. This helped integrate East German workers into the unified German economy.
However, it also resulted in a trade surplus for Germany. Productivity increased while wages did not follow suit. Therefore, Germany was able to export products abroad far more cheaply than it would have been able to without the wage structure. This process is not unusual; China's exports are fueled by a similar economic process. However, what it meant was that Germany ran a trade surplus at the expense of its major trading partners - Russia, and the rest of the EU.
One country's surplus is another country's deficit. So when Germany ran a surplus, Southern Europe ran a trade deficit. That lowered their growth and resulted in stagnating productivity gains. They grew less and less competitive economically due to Germany's policies. When 2008 hit, these structural weaknesses were revealed, and everything went to shit.
So today, Germany runs around acting as if the Eurozone problem is a story of profligate politicians overspending recklessly. To an extent, that's true. But to a larger extent, the Eurozone problem is a problem of divergent productivity across European regions, fueled by German policies. Other federal systems (for example the US) would compensate for these differences by utilizing fiscal transfers. In the US, the more-productive North sends money to the less-productive South via myriad federal programs, and so there is balance. The Eurozone was not designed to have these kinds of transfers (in no small part due to German reticence to the idea). The ECB's most recent QE action is an attempt to try a type of fiscal transfer, but it is hamstrung by German opposition which resulted in its current, odd form.
tl;dr the Eurozone problem isn't just a sovereign debt problem. This video, in my opinion, treats it as if it is, and that is its justification for a fiscal union. The Eurozone's problems are structural, and fueled by German policies. Fixing them requires more than a fiscal union - it requires a Germany willing to act in the best interests of the EU, and not just itself. Germany's beggar-thy-neighbor wage policies have been a primary cause of the current crisis, and as long as they refuse to acknowledge that, a fiscal union won't fix the problem.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:16:06
Greece already tried austerity. It resulted in a severe depression and several contentious elections, the most recent of which elected a party which is unwilling to pursue more austerity.
Economic arguments against austerity aside (and there are plenty), your argument is based on the same faulty one as the video - that the problems are ones of sovereign debt, not structural issues in the Eurozone.
If anyone should be bailing out the South, it is exactly Germany, because its wage policies reduced their competitiveness in the EMU.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:13:52
The USD was stable, but the banking system definitely, definitely was not.
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:19:59
Only someone completely ignorant of economics and economic history could use such a stupid phrase. Sorry, but you don't know what you're talking about. If you are interested, I'd recommend reading almost anything about the great depression that isn't a youtube video and isn't given to you by someone on this sub.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:50:03
The fallacy of composition in this circumstance is to pretend, as the Germans have been doing, that everyone can enact austerity and restore economic growth.
Germany needs to choose if it is going to act like the leader it should be in the EMU, or if it wants to leave the Euro project behind entirely. Right now it is muddling through halfway at the expense of everyone else in Europe.
@_date: 2015-10-20 17:21:48
Sure there are. Europe as a whole has been deflationary since 2010, so you can look at those places. Various other countries have experienced deflation in the past - most notably during the great depression.
@_date: 2015-10-06 17:59:43
States have a history of bankruptcy, but they're still generally more trustworthy than private individuals. States have the ability to seize wealth (either by taxes, one-time levies, or outright confiscation) while individuals don't. States aren't trustworthy borrowers, but they're more trustworthy than most of the alternatives. And they tend to borrow at scale, making the loan easier to manage.
I mean, Argentina declared bankruptcy in 2001, and then underwent technical default just last year. But people are still lending them money today.
@_date: 2015-02-20 18:29:47
Agree with this fully. Given any problem, bitcoin is the solution. Some people here seem to know the answer before they know the question.
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:39:06
Because you took a paper on how money works and described it as a handbook on how to enslave nations for the betterment of a few oligarchs.
I understand the attraction of the conspiratorial / anti-Fed / anti-bank nonsense that's so popular here, and believe me, I agree that banks often do a lot of very, very shady shit. But the fed doesn't exist to enslave America. Two central banks preceded it, and central banks have existed since the 17th century. There's a reason countries found central banks, and its not the lazy conspiracy that everyone here thinks.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:16:39
It's certainly not unanimous, but I think that is what the result will be. We'll find out soon enough.
@_date: 2015-11-06 14:13:57
Selling people useless tokens is exactly what MMM does. You deposit bitcoin, you get useless tokens that are guaranteed to appreciate, and then you wait and cash out. At some point, people cashing out will get close to people paying in, and that's when the MMM founder will take all the bitcoin, leave everyone with their worthless sitebucks, and flee.
@_date: 2015-03-03 17:22:26
That is a chart of the amount of money in circulation. It is not a chart that shows that increasing that amount has resulted in the extinction of entrepreneurship in the US.
@_date: 2017-05-26 20:14:55
Bitcoin is exciting and new and I'm sure you're a believer in its future, but your enthusiasm for bitcoin doesn't suspend all rules of finance and accounting just because you find them inconvenient. Forex is traded exactly the same way - otherwise nobody would make money doing it; they'd just be idiots running around saying "I have 3 million pounds! Woohoo!" while their accountant runs behind them saying "uh yeah but you borrowed 7m euros to buy them so ...."
Case in point, Manchester United reported a ~$80m loss in its last financial reports because of forex movements. But according to you, magic! Currency pairs are just currency singles! Yay! No losses!
@_date: 2015-02-21 15:17:26
Says the person who described my opinions as "dogmatic bullshit beliefs"
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:15:38
I'm not "blaming" anyone here. I'm pointing out that Germany played a role, just as profligate Greeks played a role. Germany goes around moralizing as if the crisis is solely the fault of others, when it simply isn't. That arguing position matters, because it defines the solutions.
If one accepts Germany's premise that everyone else is the problem, then everyone else should be making the adjustments. But if Germany admits that it played a role as well, then Germany should be involved in finding solutions.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:15:37
I'd blame it on irrational optimism. :)
Sorry again for misunderstanding your post.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:03:27
If you're a business owner, you don't want exposure to bitcoin's fluctuations. You'd rather just make money selling your stuff. Granted, there are services to lock in value, but those services may or may not want to deal with a MM business for the same reasons that banks may or may not want to deal with MM businesses.
The only reason the DEA doesn't go around raiding state-licensed MM stores is because Obama told them to stop. Federally, everything MM-related is still technically illegal. Obama is simply not enforcing those laws. State laws don't trump federal laws. A new president could very well change that policy overnight, which would expose any bank (and probably any price-locking BTC-USD service) to federal investigation for drug laundering. And on top of that, any price-locking BTC-USD service would be limited to operating only in MM states. Doing so outside those jurisdictions would allow other, non-MM states to sue them for money laundering and drug-related crimes.
So, tl;dr, a store owner doesn't want exposure to bitcoin's price fluctuations because he's not in the financial industry, and the options available to lower currency risk are, in MM situations, limited.
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:34:23
Did you know that the market cap for water is $600 bn? If bitcoin replaced water, then each single bitcoin could be worth almost $90,000.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:23:16
But bitcoin does fix every economic problem! And most political ones, too!
@_date: 2015-02-03 14:55:42
One doesn't have to know both economics and cryptography to talk about bitcoin's attributes as a currency.
If that were true, then  the opposite also holds true. All the crypto people shouldn't be talking about economics until they're economic experts, and judging by the vast majority of the economic "analysis" regularly posted here, they certainly don't know economics that well.
@_date: 2017-07-08 14:34:38
If you want a book that's not bullshit, I recommend [America's Bank]( which details the ~12 month legislative process leading to the establishment of the Fed, as well as the personalities of those involved and the rationales which led to its conception in the first place. The Fed wasn't conceived in secret or thrust upon the people without warning. There were three separate bills being debated which would establish it, and the Jekyll Island retreat was an attempt to find political common ground because the existing bills didn't have broad enough support in Congress.
The biggest impetus for the establishment of the Fed (which is the third central bank in the nation's history) was the crash of 1907. In that crash, several bad banks were dragging good banks down with them, and the entire banking system was in peril. The only thing that stopped the panic was JP Morgan calling up his banker buddies and they collectively, over a weekend, examined the books of all in-crisis banks, pooled their money, and sent bailouts to those which were solvent but illiquid (ie, they were in sound shape, but temporarily short of funds because the panic had sapped them of deposits). The people, Congress, and even the bankers weren't really big fans of an ad hoc banker consortium being created on the fly to act as lender of last resort, so the creation of a national central bank was proposed in order to give democratic oversight and establish rules for the process.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:58:39
Most people here don't know economics, and most people who are against "debt based societies" are completely incapable of seeing why their preferred alternative (metallics) had their own structural failures.
But, by all means, go back to your groupthink. Would be a shame if you had some of your youtube-derived opinions challenged, wouldn't it?
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:40:08
Great post. Nice to hear from someone who actually knows central banking.
@_date: 2015-03-11 22:26:40
Austria != Eurozone. Depending on where you look, various individual countries have experienced deflation since 2010, and as Eurozone-wide inflation ticked down closer and closer to zero, there was the very real chance that, as a whole, the Eurozone would experience deflation. Austria happens to be one of the few countries where inflation has stayed around the 2% target that the ECB targets.
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:23:26
Followed by several days' worth of posting about how Spurlock doesn't *get it* and how people happily tweeted him links on everything from the history of the monetary system to the functioning of the blockchain to $.50 tips.
@_date: 2015-10-27 18:21:03
In the bitcoin environment, it definitely is. Dormant / inaccessible coins means that their marginal increase in value will never be realized by their owners. And giving money to an organization that, for example, gives soup to homeless people is demonstrably more beneficial than increasing the value of all bitcoins in existence by 0.0000 whatever percent it is.
This is a stupid argument, and I am surprised there are people actually willing to have it.
@_date: 2015-02-12 02:49:56
No, they don't. If a state law runs afoul of federal law, which one wins in court? Such cases are how we have civil rights law, no more Jim Crow, and desegregated schools among many other examples.
@_date: 2015-02-13 22:02:57
"Competition" isn't the right word. It's comparative advantage caused government policy. Economically speaking, that policy is a subsidy to German manufacturers that allow them to make things for less than they would otherwise have to pay their workers. What I'm saying is that they need to recognize that this policy has ramifications, and act accordingly.
@_date: 2015-03-23 14:13:55
Right, exactly. Great quote. And that's a great Frontline. Their videos on the 2008 crisis are by far the best, in my opinion.
In the SEC's defense, billions in fines have been levied ... but of course, those fines pretty much come at the expense of shareholders, not those making the decisions.
@_date: 2015-02-13 22:00:22
I won't do that, because I know that I can't predict the future. Unlike people such as Roger Ver.
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:24:56
Germany's labor market isn't "free." Its system of wage negotiation proves that. Wages are determined, in large part, by the result of the state-firm-union negotiating system. Just as a minimum wage sets the floor for wages, that system sets a floor from which other wages are determined, even if on an ad hoc basis.
The call for wages to rise, as cited in the article I mentioned before, is explicitly about lessening Germany's competitive advantage, which stems from its labor negotiation practices. Hence why that idea is supported by politicians outside of Germany. 
Germany's wage suppression has been systemic and meaningful. Many economists have argued that, since the beginning of the crisis.
[many](  [other]( [sources](
@_date: 2015-02-04 20:20:20
Economically speaking yes, but inflation takes place slowly over time and doesn't happen automatically due to a computer function.
And to most bitcoiners who support it for the economic philosophy (as opposed to the crypto enthusiasts), such a policy would be anathema to their beliefs.
@_date: 2015-02-24 04:14:22
Answer 2 is correct. Answers 1 and 3 indicate that you don't understand why the gold standard failed.
The gold standard primarily benefitted international trade. It reduced currency risk, so that a producer of say coffee in Brazil wouldn't have to worry that his futures contract (his promise to deliver coffee after the next harvest) to New York won't suffer from exchange rate changes. After all, all countries were pegged to gold.
The problem is simple. If you're a country which is pegged to gold, then you have to have enough gold in your vaults to back up the paper money in circulation. So say you have 1,000 ounces of gold, and you've decided that one ounce should be worth 20 paper dollars (about what the exchange rate was pre-1934). That means that you should have exactly 20,000 dollars in circulation.
However, everyone can exchange dollars for gold at any point for any reason. So let's say that 10% of dollar-holders decide they would rather have gold. That means that you have to pay out 10% of your gold reserves (100 ounces in this example) and hold onto the cash. What effects does that have on the economy?
Doing that means shrinking the number of dollars in circulation. That makes doing business harder. There are fewer dollars in circulation, but the number of dollars required to facilitate business hasn't changed.  
So, that's a problem. What do you do? You raise the interest rate on gold deposits. That encourages people to bring their gold back to the bank, which allows you to print more dollars. Problem solved. You've raised interest rates, which slows economic growth (because people can make more money by parking their gold in your vaults than by putting it to use in the economy), but you have the number of dollars you want in circulation.
Now, imagine the world on the gold standard. Anyone can exchange paper for specie anywhere they want. That means that money sloshes around the world, rapidly and at scale. Add in international trade - countries that run a deficit would, by necessity, be losing gold and therefore have shrinking money supplies - and you've got a pretty unstable system. Investors would move their gold to whomever was paying the higher interest rate. Banks, therefore, had to more or less operate in tandem - if one bank got really out of line relative to others, it would get whacked by the economy. Too low and all gold would flee your country, leaving you with no paper currency in circulation and therefore no means of transacting business. Too high and you'd suck all gold from the rest of the world, having the previously-mentioned effect on everyone else, and possibly going bankrupt yourself (because you have to be able to afford the high interest payments, which come from either increased taxation or higher gold extraction).
So what happened in the Great Depression? In short, banks stopped operating in tandem. The Fed didn't want to raise rates to prick the stock bubble, because doing so would have pulled gold away from the UK, which was in recession at the time and needed gold to stay there. So an equities bubble formed and exploded. When it exploded, investors panicked and moved their gold to other, better-paying places. That meant a sudden and sharp contraction in the supply of dollars in circulation - exacerbating the already-bad economic crash, which only made things worse. Money sloshed around to other countries in a similar manner - making things better and then breaking them completely as countries competed for gold by raising interest rates. 
In response, countries started instituting tariffs to make it harder to send gold abroad. That stymied global trade, making the recession worse, and now we have the Great Depression. That, in turn, is very much linked to the return to autarky that defined the 1930s and helped fuel the rise of fascism and other forms of political fanaticism.
The countries that abandoned gold the quickest recovered the fastest. Even in the US, which remained on gold, FDR devalued the dollar by 40%, taking the peg from about $20/oz to $35/oz. After WWII (during which time gold conversion was suspended), the US returned to gold largely because it didn't know what else to do, and also because it was trying to fuel the rebuilding of Europe to defend against the Soviets. Europe, for its part, pegged its currencies to the dollar (not gold), and then would regularly change its pegs as economic conditions warranted (effectively, devaluing and revaluing the local currency as desired). The US sputtered on in the gold standard for another ~30 years until a combination of economic pressure, increased government expenditure in Vietnam, and a decoupling of the official $35/oz rate from the market rate (which was much higher) forced Nixon to abandon what was, at this point, little more than an anachronistic banker fetish.
That's the brief story of why the gold standard failed. It wasn't greed, it was an economic crisis that was made possible and exacerbated by the global gold standard itself.
If you're interested, I recommend [this book]( which is quite readable, and is the conventional wisdom on what went wrong in the Great Depression. Friedman, among many others you've surely heard of, consider it a very accurate telling.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:22:00
Great point.
@_date: 2015-02-11 03:32:00
Man I sure hope the answer isn't "nope"!
@_date: 2015-02-20 18:23:34
It's not a ponzi scheme, because nobody promises investors a fixed return.
"Ponzi scheme" is too often used by people who think something is a scam, and then apply that label to whatever it is they don't like.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:17:44
Only to a marginal extent. The banking union has more to do with the SSM than the bailout fund, which in any event is only 60bn euro and won't be fully funded until 2016.
@_date: 2017-05-29 16:24:01
Based on this chart, and assuming that the bitcoin market cap eventually reaches 47% of the annual budget of NATO, I can only reasonably conclude that the price of one coin in 2019 will be $76,012,093.
@_date: 2015-02-28 00:03:33
it was true both times.
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:15:36
"based on models" LOL. He literally took market cap, divided it by bitcoins in circulation, and then arrived at a valuation. 
When its FUD against bitcoin, we don't like it. But when it's obvious nonsensical hyping, let's have more please!
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:47:55
I read your statement to imply that there exists an alternative to economies with debt, with bitcoin presumably being involved somehow. If you did not imply that, then I apologize for misunderstanding your post. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 06:00:42
There is very little to justify the "Cyprus effect".
If Cypriots and oligarchs were protecting their bank monies, one of two things should have happened:
* In option A, they bought bitcoin as a short-term way to get money out of the country, buying bitcoins with their EUR and then cashing out of bitcoins at another foreign institution. That would mean there should be a highly noticeable rise in transaction volume, because thousands of new people are adding at least two transactions to the blockchain (one transaction in, one transaction out). [There is no evidence of this in the transaction volume history.]( Even if it wasn't just Cypriots and oligarchs, but instead foreigners discovering bitcoin for the first time, there should be an increase in transactions because new people are flooding into the market. There is no evidence of an increase in transactions, so we can rule out option A.
* In option B, Cypriots and oligarchs buy bitcoins and then, inexplicably enthralled with the technology and no longer concerned with simply moving money beyond the grasp of Greek regulators, hodl'd them. In Option B1, they hold their bitcoins for a long period of time. That should result in a price spike as they buy bitcoins, and then a price collapse as they hold them without transacting them again. Demand temporarily increased, then should have returned to about the same levels. In Option B2, they buy bitcoins and then gradually sell out of them over time. This should result in a gradual uptick in transactions; a spike during March 2013 and then an increased amount for several months later.
There's no evidence of either B1 or B2. There was a [price spike]( but it didn't return to previous levels. That means B1 is off the table. While it did plateau afterwards, that plateau was not met with a corresponding increase in transaction volumes, as already linked. That means B2 is off the table, because if a bunch of Cypriots and oligarchs bought and then slowly unwound their positions, there should be an increase in transactions (if not a price dip as supply increases). Neither of these things is indicated by the data.
tl;dr there was a price spike that happened around the same time as Cyprus, but isn't necessarily attributable to Cyprus. People conflate the two, and hypemasters refer to it in an attempt to pump the price. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:23:55
No, it can't.
Greece's financial crisis is caused by a Euro that is too strong relative to Greek productivity levels. What Greece needs is a cheaper currency that allows it to grow in the way that countries traditionally grow out of crisis - with exports.
Bitcoin is not the answer because bitcoin is deflationary. Greece needs the opposite kind of currency right now. It needs to reduce its debt burden and restore competitiveness. Bitcoin does neither of those things.
Bitcoin can solve many problems, but the Greek financial crisis isn't one of them.
That aside, the proposal being discussed in this article is essentially a Greek bond issued on the blockchain. I'm not sure why investors would prefer such a bond issue to a Euro-denominated one, or why they wouldn't also demand high interest rates for the blockchain bond. But yes, they could do that. It wouldn't fix anything, but they could do that.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:30:15
No, I don't think drug money gets "clean." 
I don't think there is a way to reduce their cash pile. I don't know if it exists yet, but I would expect some state-specific banks to be set up specifically to cater to MM businesses. A CO-based bank, for example, could conceivably operate specifically for MM businesses. It would not, however, be able to access the Fed or have FDIC protections (and probably can't be publicly traded, because the SEC is also a federal entity). So they'd have to really trust it, and the bank would have to bend over backwards to ensure legal compliance and transparency. And, at the end of the day, if Obama rescinds his executive order on a whim tomorrow, said entity is probably the  target for the feds - after all, it is the central entity in the drug financial ecosystem.
The laws are just too conflicting for it to take place, in my opinion. I suspect most of the VC / investor funding is taking place through LLCs that are set up in MM states and are not directly tied to any individual, such that if everything goes south those people aren't prosecuted after the fact for crimes committed in the past. At least that's how I would set it up, if I were doing it.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:21:44
Yeah, and then add a dash of young people whose first experience of the global economy was the 2008 crash / 2012 Euro crisis. That makes them think the entire system is unstable and prone to collapse, then we have some armchair experts providing them youtube links about the deviants in charge of the Fed, and you get a surprisingly resilient strain of bitcoin prophets proclaiming that the end is nigh.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:12:41
Not really sure how that would work, and it would require a third party to create such a product and go around selling it specifically to MM store owners. Average businessman is not going to invest the time and energy to create such a thing himself.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:21:41
It's possible, but it's certainly not easy. There just aren't any good, clean solutions for MM businesses yet.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:17:06
I didn't say that. I said it's not a hard asset.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:00:43
A market-driven scheme would involve removing what's left of the Greek social safety net, in addition to (probably) ending minimum wage laws. The resulting wage cuts would restore productivity, but would also increase the Greek debt burden (because they're getting less in taxes), which would require further safety net cuts, along with a tax increase just to keep things at the same level, fiscally. It would also result in mass defaults on private debt, as workers which were previously able to afford their debt payments find themselves unable to do so.
In a democracy, that solution would never work. Nobody is going to vote in a politician that results in them defaulting on their house, while taking a lower-paying job, while paying higher taxes, with fewer government benefits to cushion the blow.
To answer your question: Why do you prefer wildly unrealistic solutions to ones that have been used, successfully, in the past?
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:38:58
Yeah, Fed cuts rates = dollar goes up against everyone, including Euro. Combine that with QE weakening the Euro even more, and from an American perspective, tourism will only get cheaper. Even if [airplane companies aren't lowering prices because they might be monopolistic](
@_date: 2015-02-23 20:15:15
Dropping the gold standard allowed central banks to respond more ably to economic conditions. The Great Depression laid bare that the gold standard was really a golden straightjacket, and the countries that abandoned gold the quickest recovered the fastest.
There's a reason everyone abandoned gold, and it's not because gold was the best monetary system. It failed spectacularly. Therefore, I wouldn't invoke it as a precedent when talking about bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:45:44
It's the best time since the early 2000's to go visit, that's for sure. And it will only get cheaper once the Fed starts raising rates, widely expected to happen later this year.
@_date: 2015-10-08 19:42:37
No problem. Good questions deserve good answers.
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:15:46
Nothing wrong with shorting it. Manipulation is forbidden by SEC rules (one wonders where the bitcoin libertarians, with their distrust of government, stand on the question of stopping wall street manipulation of bitcoin). And I don't think they'll purposefully try to ruin the system, unless doing so is more profitable than trading it.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:18:22
Greece's problem is that the Euro is too strong relative to Greek productivity. As a result it can't create exports and grow its way out of the depression, which is the typical way that countries usually escape economic calamity. Bitcoin fails to solve that problem, because bitcoin is (potentially) more deflationary than the Euro. 
What Greece needs is a weaker currency relative to its major trading partners, not a stronger one. Bitcoin doesn't deliver that.
@_date: 2015-02-26 17:44:45
Demand levels are 1/2 of the equation. The other 1/2 is liquidity. Bitcoin isn't big enough to attract big boy investors and big boy money. It's a bit of a chicken and egg issue - do big investors come and make bitcoin grow, or does growing bitcoin make big investors come? - but, at present, if you were a billionaire and decided to dump a billion into bitcoin, you'd effectively own 25% of bitcoin's present-day value. That's excessively risky, and nobody smart enough to make a billion dollars would do it.
@_date: 2015-02-16 04:07:53


@_date: 2015-02-13 22:58:39
These are not pure market forces. Germany's competitive advantage is not due to doing better in the open market. Its advantage is due to government policies that restrained wage growth.
Student A isn't being asked to lower his performance. He's had his grades artificially inflated for the last 15 years, and is now being asked to account for why he went to college at the expense of student B, whose grades look less attractive to colleges as a result.
Please stop with the metaphors / hypotheticals, they're always just wrong.
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:11:06
The actual value of a derivative is not equivalent to the notional value of said derivative, which is what idiots use all the damn time to talk about derivatives. The thing is even called "notional value" because it is exactly that - notional. 
Cracks me up when self-proclaimed financial experts talk about derivatives in notional value terms. Adding all that up is completely meaningless.
@_date: 2015-02-28 23:37:00
There are two quick ways to fix problems of economic competitiveness.
The first way is to cut wages. That makes making things cheaper, allowing for faster growth. This way is unpopular, because most people don't like their wages getting cut. There are also social and ethical issues with this approach, because you are effectively rewarding those with money (who will enjoy outsized profits from the newly-cheap labor) at the expense of the working class, whose wages were just cut. Also, there are more workers than factory owners, so in a democracy it is quite hard to convince the majority of the electorate to vote for lower wages.
The second option is to devalue your currency relative to your major trading partners. It has the same result as option 1, but is easier to implement. It punishes everyone (the rich lose value in their money, and the poor effectively earn less), but it has the same result.
Greece's problem is that it can't restore competitiveness. German policies, different levels of productivity, and the strength of the Euro have meant that it is more expensive to make things in Greece than elsewhere. Greece needs to adjust. Option A (wage cuts) is on the table, but Greece would surely prefer Option B - its people have been subjected to five years of increasingly-harsh austerity already, and there's the very real chance that cutting wages only cuts demand further (if workers earn nothing, they can't buy anything).
Bitcoin does nothing to solve this problem. It replaces the Euro with Bitcoin, but bitcoin would have the same effect on Greece. Greece would be unable to devalue bitcoin until it is competitive again, and would therefore have to accept broad-ranging wage cuts. That would never fly politically.
In a bitcoin world, there would have to be no minimum wage, anywhere. Countries have different levels of productivity, and so the only way to make up for that difference is via wages that match that productivity. Today, different levels of productivity are handled via exchange rates (or, at least, should be ... see Greece).
The same problems are what plagued the gold standard, but goldbugs always seem to forget that part of the history.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:09:58
They are already operating on the outer fringes of federal law. The only reason they're not being arrested is because Obama told the federal agencies to suspend enforcement of laws. A new president could reverse that policy overnight.
RE: BitPay / Coinbase, the reason they're not touching MM businesses is the same reason that banks aren't touching them either. If BofA starts lending to MM businesses in Colorado, then the NY prosecutor (where BofA has one of several thousand branches) could investigate them for money laundering and suspend their license in that state. Bitpay / Coinbase could similarly be investigated in a non-MM state, which would then force them to stop operations in all non-MM states. That limits them to just a handful of places, so they choose to avoid those entities.
@_date: 2016-07-27 14:22:41
Why would they both disappear? The World Bank is essentially the world's development fund, and the IMF is the lender of last resort to sovereigns. So unless you're saying bitcoin destroys the modern centralized state, and with that ushers in such tremendous prosperity that nobody wants to build clean water processing facilities in SE Asia, this statement makes no sense.
@_date: 2015-02-12 04:37:46
If you read further down, you'd see that I mentioned that such services probably are unwilling to deal with MM businesses because of potential legal issues down the road.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:00:34
Ok, it doesn't decrease in supply, but instead decreases in the rate of its creation. Same difference, from a deflation / inflation perspective. Demand increases at a rate higher than supply, and that results in deflation.
And in my defense, Satoshi did say that he considered making a system that auto adjusted supply based on demand for it, which would have been a truly neutral currency, but decided it would be too difficult to implement. Which it probably would be.
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:20:18
I don't like hypotheticals, but I also don't follow your question. How can he be making too much money while having a low salary?
My point is that the Eurozone as a whole is flawed. The problems here aren't just ones of Southern European politicians making promises they can't keep. Germany's wage suppression policies played a large role as well, and pretending otherwise is only an attempt by Germany to deflect responsibility.
@_date: 2016-07-27 14:33:30
Even in an all-bitcoin world, there will be development / infrastructure investment funds, and so something like the World Bank will still exist but just won't use dollars. Assuming financial crises still exist (and all evidence suggests they will) something like the IMF will still exist but just won't use SDR's.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:06:36
Ah. Then yes, I completely misunderstood your intention.
I am of the opinion that bitcoin's best potential is as a useful tool to use in addition to existing fiat economics (that's a terrible term, but I think you know what I mean). It performs very well as a p2p means of sending money around the world, and I think that will remain. I don't see it overtaking the global economy in the future.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:26:53
Your hypothetical is skewed toward getting the answer you want. Which is why I said I generally don't like hypotheticals. By trying to "simplify" a problem, they usually end up framing the question in such a way so as to get a desired response.
What we have isn't a worker who makes me a lot of money but doesn't request pay raises. What happened is that I, the owner, sat down at a table with the governor and the worker's union and we agreed that, in the best interests of Germany, the union should keep wages flat for the next ten years. This did good things for German jobs, so my German worker is happily employed. However, at the same time, it resulted in an Italian businessman having to delay or cancel a planned hiring binge. This resulted in Italian stagnation, which hurt its economy and, after 2008, made the difference in gains even more obvious.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:35:18
That's partially correct. The ECB and Eurosystem ("Eurosystem" means the ECB and the national central banks, which actually carry out most of the day to day monetary work) are also buying sovereign debt, aka buying the bonds issued by Eurosystem member countries.
Also, the Eurosystem is not as simple as say the US. The ECB tells the national central banks what to do, and they do it. In the QE example, the ECB will be buying I believe about 12% of the total purchases, and the rest will be purchased by the national central banks. The national central banks will presumably be doing most (if not all) of the sovereign debt purchases, because EU rules prohibit one member state from purchasing the sovereign debt of any other state. The intent was to prevent state bailouts ... good thing that worked. 
Anyway, they're also purchasing sovereign debt, and it's not just the ECB, its the Eurosystem too.
Finally, this article is a month old. QE began in late January.
@_date: 2015-02-20 18:46:41
Please explain to me how bitcoin reduces Greece's debt burden and / or restores its competitiveness.
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:08:18
You can't compare wages between Germany and Spain, or Germany and any other place. You have to compare productivity. 1 euro's worth of labor in Germany makes more product than 1 euro's worth of labor in Spain, Italy, or Greece. And that's because, for many years, Germany has kept a lid on wages so as to help its industry grow. Many other countries did that too as part of their industrializing process (China is doing it via its exchange rate), and there's nothing unusual about that. But it is a beggar-thy-neighbor policy and it is silly to pretend that its a purely domestic policy with no foreign ramifications.
Germany has kept wages from rising with productivity as a result of its labor negotiation system, something which few other countries in the world have. The state, private firms, and major unions meet periodically to determine wage increases. That process dates back to before World War II, but it was really used to help fuel the Wirtschaftswunder and help integrate East German labor into the newly-unified Germany after the Berlin Wall fell.
[a google source]( but I am basing most of my arguments here on scholarly papers that I don't have access to right now.
@_date: 2015-02-19 16:32:52
No, they're not afraid of bitcoin. Wall Street makes money off of things. That is what they do. The easiest example of Wall Street making money off bitcoin is the Winklevoss ETF, but if bitcoin gets bigger then Wall Street will find more ways to make money, too. They'll trade it, they'll make derivatives based on it, they'll do an infinite number of things, all to make money.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:22:58
bitcoin != hard asset.
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:49:36
Why do we have debt money, what preceded it, and why did it get replaced?
I'm assuming you are using "debt money" as another term for fiat, aka non-metallic-based.
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:07:45
The Gold Standard fell apart for many reasons, and had its own major structural problems. After all, if it was so marvellously wonderful, then it would still exist, wouldn't it?
Bitcoiners need to stop arguing about bitcoin as a replacement for gold. Bitcoin is its own thing, has its own properties, and is not a like-for-like substitute for the gold standard. Nor should it want to be. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:17:33
I think it will be fixed, because I think the EU is more than just an economic project. It's a political project that was originally intended to prevent future war on the continent between France and Germany. To that end, I think the project holds great sentimental and political significance to Germany in particular. Furthermore, it is in Germany's best interests to keep it intact, and not just for economic reasons. Germany is extremely reluctant to send troops abroad for fear of reprising its role in starting two world wars, but if it does so as part of the EU at large and with 19 other countries, then it can pursue foreign policy without that concern.
I think they'll probably continue to muddle through it, but I do think that fiscal union is on the horizon. It might be a ways away, but I do think it is coming.
@_date: 2015-02-20 16:05:44
"Debt based economy" has a specific meaning in economics, as alluded to elsewhere in this comment chain. If other people are using it as an ill-defined pejorative, then I'd encourage them to start using more exact language.
Central banking and open market operations have existed simultaneously for as long as central banks have existed.
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:12:44
Morgan was old and had a hell of a time convincing the other bankers to contribute to the bailouts. It was feared that, in the next crisis, the bankers would fail to act. And they were right, because the same idea was pitched in 1929 and it folded after $100m of the $500m fund was spent because the other bankers got skittish. In the end, the solution to bank runs was the FDIC - which worked, and also worked during 08. Nobody in 2008 was worried their bank was going to go under with all their deposits disappearing with it.
@_date: 2015-02-13 01:35:53
It's already tried austerity. There is zero reason to expect that a new round will do anything but make things worse.
Germany, if it is purposefully limiting its scope to its own narrow interests, does have every reason to enact policies it sees fit. But it cannot pretend like the ramifications of those policies are unforseeable and beyond its control. That's sticking your head in the sand. Even in the US, for example, the Fed has been very slow to raise interest rates because, in part, it knows that doing so will hurt the global South even more than it already is. They learned that Volker's inflation battle in the early 80s fixed the US economy at the expense of the developing world, and so they are now acting with a larger interest in mind. Germany needs to do the same.
You talk about Germans not wanting their paychecks to pay for another country's spending. But their paychecks are the result of another country's spending. Cheap exports fueled the German boom of the 1990s and 2000s, and they were cheap because Germany depressed wages domestically. That policy had ramifications, and Germany needs to stop acting like it didn't.
My point in all this isn't to excuse Greece, Spain, or the other southern countries. It is to point out that everyone in the EMU has responsibility for the problems it is facing. Nobody is blameless. What's needed now are compromises and solutions, not hardline moralistic campaigns.
@_date: 2015-02-28 03:59:06
Yes, let us agree to just ignore 15% of bitcoin's existence, and then examine this chart.
This is what market experts call "technical analysis."
@_date: 2017-06-09 13:49:45
And central banks predate the 20th century by about 250 years. The USA had two in the 19th century.
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:21:58
Here's a number I've pulled out of thin air. Then I took that number and divided it by 21 million coins. Tada! Maths.
@_date: 2015-02-11 20:13:17
I'm not talking feasibility, or political ramifications. I'm saying that, legally, Obama could start enforcing things tomorrow if he wanted. That scares off a lot of risk-averse people who would prefer not risking going to jail as a result of doing business.
@_date: 2015-02-16 19:44:18
Cyprus was the cause of the first boom. Then it entered speculative mania phase where we saw all those wonderful posts by college students plowing their student loans into bitcoin. Then that stopped, they shut up (and presumably took their losses), and here we are.
Personally I think the Greek question is going to be resolved in such a way that Greece stays in the Euro. The ramifications of letting it leave are too troubling and too large for the Eurozone to seriously contemplate. They're playing political hardball right now, sure - because they're trying to negotiate from a position of strength. The ECB can single-handedly save Greece if it wants through one of several programs it currently runs, even without the political acquiescence of the Council or the rest of the Eurozone. I'd expect it to do so, if things get down to the wire.
@_date: 2015-02-13 23:14:00
LOL well played.
@_date: 2017-06-09 14:01:37
Total number killed is not the relevant statistic, because humanity grew from ~2.5bn to ~7.5bn in the 20th century. If you want to measure the overall deadliness of warfare over time, you should look at casualties as a % of the total world population, as well as life expectancy (to account for civilian deaths resulting from war that might not have been counted as 'casualties'). Using that metric, the 20th century is easily the most peaceful century since the fall of the Roman Empire, and probably before then too (though obviously data going that far back is hard to come by).
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:09:56
Greece has deployed severe austerity since its first bailout in 2010, as required by the terms set forth by its lenders (ECB, IMF, EC).
@_date: 2017-06-09 13:59:14


We would need central banks for the same reason the 20th century saw their proliferation: macroeconomic stability. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:26:26
Deflation is "inherent" in bitcoin because it is designed to steadily decrease in supply as demand for it increases. This is a result of your point  and will remain that way because of your point 
If you wanted a neutral currency, then you would increase / decrease the supply of it based on the rise and fall in demand for it. That would keep inflation and deflation at zero. Intentionally lowering supply in the future, when demand is supposed to skyrocket, is clearly deflationary. But you expressed this in point 
I agree with your point  I think bitcoin's best utility is in remittances, and I don't think any major country is ever going to peg its currency to bitcoin (or allow its use as legal tender). Why would they? As you point out, doing so would just increase their effective debt burden and be a general pain in the ass.
That said, when you read a lot of the posts here, it becomes apparent that many people believe the global economy will be entirely run on bitcoin. They think the dollar, euro, etc will (at least mostly) disappear and that bitcoin will power the global economy. In such a system, the deflationary bias of bitcoin would become a major problem. Of course, it also bears mention that, in such a system, the number of newcomers who would welcome a less-deflationary bitcoin would dwarf the number of oldtimers who want the supply to keep shrinking, so a hard fork is more likely.
But that's what they're reacting to, the prediction that "the world economy will be bitcoin based!" and the deflationary problems that would certainly result. There's little problem with bitcoin being deflationary if its market cap is $5bn, $10bn, whatever, and is used primarily to shuffle money across borders. Deflation is only a problem once bitcoin is big enough to matter at a macro scale.
@_date: 2017-06-09 13:53:26
Fantastic reply.
Everyone forgets that the first world war was fought under the gold standard, not a fiat system. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 21:31:36
I can't find it. It was alluded to by someone else here. A googling for things relating to supply, demand, bitcoin, and nakamoto only result in the predictable debates over its deflationary bias.
Falling prices reward people with money over those without money. Deflation discourages investment on non-essential items, and suppresses business startups (if you can make 2% a year by sitting on your cash, why would you start a business that could earn 2% profit?).
Inflation for economies is a bad thing, but we have a lot of experience managing it in small amounts. Deflation for economies is also a bad thing. Neither one is necessarily better than the other, but inflation seems to be easier to manage and less harmful in the long run. Hence why economists fear deflation much more than they fear low inflation.