@_author: albertroan
@_date: 2014-06-01 16:13:16
Sellers will accept the inflationary currency if the alternative is sitting on barter goods.  
You'd need a willing buyer and a seller for your air transaction to occur.  Nice straw man though.
Unless you don't believe in the quantity theory of money, activity is a fundamental component of growth.  If you don't believe in the quantity theory, I'd be curious as to your reasoning.
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:09:07
You have Gresham's law backwards.  "Bad money drives out good."
It really applies to currency debasement.  For example, when the U.S. mint stopped making coins with silver in them, people hoarded silver and spent alloy.  Hence "bad money drove out the good."
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:14:57
You have a nonzero chance of losing all of the bitcoins in the Coinbase vault to theft, incompetence, or embezzlement.  Judging from the history to date in third party bitcoin storage, that nonzero chance is actually frighteningly high.
You have basically zero percent chance of that happening in a modern economy bank account.
So, risk adjusted, the likelihood is that you will be able to buy much more with your savings account proceeds than your wallet proceeds in a few years.
@_date: 2014-06-02 01:06:17


Because the alternative would either be a) not selling the item at all (and having to barter it) or b) having to accept a lower real value of deflationary currency than the inflationary currency.  
Currency is used as a long term store of value, but that's not really what it is *for*.  Its main use is as a medium of exchange.  You don't want people hoarding the medium of exchange, because it fouls the overall economy.
A lot of people get hung up at this point but think of it this way, money sitting around in a bank account has no effect on the general welfare.  It is only productive when it allows two parties to transact.  That transaction improves the overall welfare because the parties wouldn't transact at all if it weren't mutually beneficial (let's ignore taxes a bit).  
Ok, so first strike on a deflationary currency is that it is more useful as a store of value than as a medium of exchange.  
This leads us to the quantity theory of money.  MV = PY is the central component of the theory.  
M = money supply
V = money velocity
P = price level (think CPI)
Y = real GDP
Because a deflationary currency tilts the utility of money towards store of value and away from medium of exchange, money velocity (V) is going to drop.  When that happens, PY is going to drop  And, because the price level resists dropping (sticky prices and wages - lots of research in this area), Y is going to be forced to drop.  Since Y &lt;i&gt;is&lt;/i&gt; the real GDP, that means that real GDP per capita is going to drop and with it, standards of living. 
Incidentally, the start of the Great Recession looked very similar to the start of the Great Depression as the velocity of money cratered as the financial system froze up.  The difference this time was that the Fed cranked up the money supply (M) so that Y wouldn't be forced down.  In the Great Depression, the Fed did just the opposite with disastrous results.
That's basically why the Fed generally targets a 2% inflation rate.  The slow currency inflation gives incentive for people to transact and invest their money in productive enterprises rather than hoard it.  The system has its problems (bubbles, business cycles, etc) but it is less bad than the disaster of deflation would be.
@_date: 2014-05-31 23:21:51
They will chose to hoard the deflationary currency and spend the inflationary.  
That's basically why central banks inflate - to keep the velocity of money high.  High money velocity is "good" because it means lots of transactions, which means lots of economic activity.
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:03:55
1.  That leads to less trade.  You are making an unfounded normative assertion that the only trade that would be impacted is trade you don't approve of.  That's such a strange idea that I don't even know where to go with it.
2.  GDP is an indicator of the size of the economy.  real GDP (Y) is the inflation adjusted size of GDP.  M can be related to P, but it is not P.  If Y increases, then real growth did occur.  
3.  In the United States, the GR was *nothing* compared to the GD.  The GD was longer, deeper, and far more traumatic.  I don't know what the rest of your third point has to do with anything we've been discussing regarding deflationary currency, money velocity and GDP so I'm assuming you are just trying to change the subject.
I've gone as far as I can with this discussion.  Trying to talk economics with people who have not studied economics is challenging.  A great many very smart people have devoted their lives and careers to the study of how all this works.  One of the intellectually stimulating things about economics is that there is a lot of disagreement.  
There may even been economists who would argue that a deflationary currency is a good idea (they would be pretty fringe though) but they wouldn't try to do so with the argments you make.  If having strong ideas about economics is important to you, and you plan to continue to try and convince people of the correctness of your views, then you really should take some time to understand the rudiments of the subject.
Coursera has some wonderful free classes on both macro and microeconomics that would at least let you see the overview of work that's been done and use the agreed-upon terminology correctly.
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:51:18
Zerohedge: predicting the apocalypse every single day.
@_date: 2014-05-28 00:57:07
m-Pesa has been revolutionary in Kenya.  If I'm reading this correctly, bitpesa just facilitates bitcoin conversion and deposit into m-pesa  accounts?
I'm not sure I see this as particularly revolutionary.  Today, its cash-&gt;m-pesa-&gt;cash.  This will make it cash-&gt;bitcoin-&gt;m-pesa-&gt;cash.  
@_date: 2014-05-28 04:44:31
Yes, but the international cash for remittances is already in the form of cash.  Converting that cash to bitcoin to convert to m-pesa seems far-fetched.  
