@_author: albend1602
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:43:15
Very interesting and eye opening read. It maid me really sad about the current legal climate. I hope things go for better. Thank you for providing the link. 
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:03:10
Absolutely this. It is 100% correct. (I have no idea of what he's saying. Shhhhhhhhh)
@_date: 2017-08-02 14:39:38
What are you saying we should use PoS?
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:08:43
If to many people sell now the value will go down. Better to hold a while and sell it later. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:24:50
Posting comment here for easy reading.  
There is a hard-limit on the maximum size a single Bitcoin block can have of 1 Megabyte. The 1MB limit was initially added to the Bitcoin code by Satoshi as a temporary measure to prevent malicious users from spamming the network with arbitrarily large blocks and making the blockchain too large to download onto a local computer.
The 1MB limit has successfully served it’s purpose and prevented spam attacks against the network for seven years now. But as transaction volume on the Bitcoin network has increased over time, blocks have slowly started to get larger and larger and are now constantly running up against the 1MB limit, which has caused the transaction fees on the network to increase, and has even occasionally clogged the network and forced transactions into a backlog taking hours to finally confirm. Everyone has known about this problem for a long time the question is what to do about it.
There are three basic factions in play. The miners, who are largely based in China. The developers, who are largely based in the US / West. And the users, who are either super idealistic anarcho-libertarians that want decentralization at all costs, or just casual users who want to see cryptocurrency succeed, think Bitcoin is cool and invested money, but aren’t super idealistic about how it succeeds.
The developers that work on Bitcoin Core, which is the C++ Bitcoin client that almost everyone uses, have built a solution to the scaling problem called Segregated Witness or “Segwit”. While technically Segwit doesn’t change the maximum block size, it does allow for more transactions to be put into a single block and provides immediate relief to some of the network congestion. More importantly, Segwit paves the way for the yet to launch Bitcoin lightning network, which is a transaction layer on top of Bitcoin that lets users make fee-less transactions between themselves off-chain and then resolve the results of those transactions back onto the blockchain at a later time. Most people agree that the Segwit code is very well-written, but there is some political drama because some of the core developers have ties to the same for-profit company called BlockStream that stands to benefit from the creation of the lightning network.
The miners are freaked out by this proposal because they believe that the off-chain layer-2 transactions on the lightning network will cut into the transaction fees they receive in the future. They would prefer to have more control over the network and transaction fees, so the miners have proposed another solution, which is called “Bitcoin Unlimited”. BU creates a marketplace for defining the block-size similar to how Ethereum has a marketplace for gas prices. This effectively gives the miners control to modify the block size limit whenever they see fit and will solve the scaling problem immediately by allowing for bigger blocks in the short term, and also in the future by giving miners control over exactly how big the blocks will be on the network going forward. Most people agree that the Bitcoin Unlimited code is very poorly-written, untested, and would be dangerous to deploy into production.
Also important to note, is that big chip manufacturers like Intel, AMD and Samsung don't manufacture Bitcoin mining chips. There is a de-facto monopoly on Bitcoin ASIC manufacturing from a company called BitMain that is closely tied to the Bitcoin miners in China. BitMain has had an undocumented optimization in one of their chips called ASICBoost that would be invalidated by the activation of SegWit. This was only recently discovered and smart people think this is one of the reasons that the miners have been blocking the activation of Segwit.
Initially, the way that the network upgrade was going to be decided was by having miners “signal” for which upgrade they would prefer by putting a piece of metadata into each block they mined. If the majority of miners started signaling for “Segwit”, then SegWit would be deployed. For a while, both the Segwit and Bitcoin Unlimited proposals had similar miner support, around 30% each. Sometime in March, the number of miners signaling for Bitcoin Unlimited started to increase, slowly closing in on the 50% mark, and it sent the Bitcoin ecosystem into a frenzy.
The Bitcoin Core supporters believe that Bitcoin Unlimited would give unprecedented control of the decentralized Bitcoin network to a handful of miners. The decentralization idealists align with the Core developers here and view Bitcoin Unlimited as an attack against the foundational idea of Bitcoin. In a demonstration of how reckless Bitcoin Unlimited could be, multiple hacks and exploits against the Bitcoin Unlimited codebase were launched in March, taking as much as half of all Bitcoin Unlimited nodes offline at once. Suspiciously, large groups of Bitcoin Unlimited nodes were able to come back online simultaneously which has lead many people to conclude that there is a singular entity controlling them, adding further fuel to the Bitcoin Unlimited means centralization narrative.
In response, the miners have at various times threatened to use their majority hashing power to force the implementation of Bitcoin Unlimited by forking the Bitcoin network and mining the longer chain. In Bitcoin, the difficulty of mining a single block adjusts every two weeks to recalibrate to the amount of hashing power on the network, so if the miners forked the blockchain immediately after a difficulty adjustment it could leave the old blockchain with such a small hashpower / difficulty ratio, that it would effectively be frozen.
The developers have a counter up their sleeve however, they could hard-fork the network again and manually override the difficulty to keep their chain alive, or even more drastically, could change the proof-of-work algorithm to render the millions of dollars in specialized hardware that the miners possess worthless.
The miners threatening a hash power attack and the developers threatening a proof-of-work algorithm change became a nuclear standoff of sorts. Mutually assured destruction with neither side willing to make the first move. In the meantime, investors and casual users have been looking at this situation shellshocked, not knowing what to do as Bitcoin's market dominance collapsed around them.
Also, at some point during this whole fiasco, Bitcoin Unlimited supporters abandoned r/bitcoin, the largest Bitcoin subreddit with over 200,000 subscribers, and created their own subreddit, r/btc. So now there isn’t even a place for shared conversation to take place, just two sides shouting into their respective echo chambers.
Also sometime in March a user on the Bitcoin mailing list named Shaolinfry suggested BIP148 which is something called a User-Activated-Soft-Fork (UASF) as a way to force the miners to activate SegWit even without the requisite 95% of nodes signaling for it's activation. This has gotten significant user and developer support behind it, but nobody has any idea how the UASF would actually play out in practice because it completely depends on the amount of hashing power behind it, and how exchanges would deal with the UASF which is still undetermined.
Platforms that actually use Bitcoin like ShapeShift.io have advocated for a compromise "Segwit2MB" which would activate SegWit and then subsequently hard-fork the network to a 2MB block-size upgrade to try to make everyone happy, but it would require a level of trust between the two factions that doesn't appear to exist.
My take on this whole thing is that it's just another chapter in the classic battle between hackers and marketers that has been raging since the dawn of time. Hackers want to architect this masterpiece that is perfectly engineered and never makes a technical trade-off to try to appease the business side. And the marketers just want to just move fast, follow whatever will get them more users without any regard to technical debt they accrue. I don't know who's right. Something like Bitcoin is such a deeply intricate system that arbitrarily changing a technical parameter like the block-size because "we need bigger blocks" could be catastrophic, smart people certainly think it might be (I don't actually know if it is). But at the same time, Bitcoin is unusable. It doesn't exist on a whiteboard, it exists in the real world and needs to move faster or it will be rendered irrelevant, so again, don't know who's right here.
Nobody actually knows what's going to happen, but if I had to guess, I would guess that the UASF will happen and SegWit will be activated without the miners consent, but they'll cave and go along with it because it would be worse not to (which is the whole point of the UASF). Who knows what will happen after that. Buckle in.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:37:08
Keep some for me :)
@_date: 2017-07-31 12:10:05
I am :)