@_author: albertbitcoin
@_date: 2013-12-07 21:28:02
Thank you Everyone for the Warm Welcome! I was going to reply to each of you but I was having trouble with Reddit and there are too many messages on the screen now.
Some people said they don't believe me. Do you want a picture of my medicine cabinet? HAH! Not every senior spends their days in a rocking chair!
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:32:17
bitcoinjj, I was considering not replying to some of the more rude messages but I think I need to stand up for myself. I know chat forums can be a hateful place at times, and I have some pretty thick skin, but I won't put up with being called a liar and questioning my integrity.
As I like to remind people, not all sen-iors are sen-ile, and this stereotype (which is what it is) is very harmful. Many of us are very cogent into our later years, which I am very thankful for (a credit to clean living I suppose). I know a gentleman in his 90's who can outwit people half his age, but when he is out having dinner he is spoken to like a child by staff and it is very frustrating for him.
I worked many years as a successful copywriter and I take pride in writing well (or at least I like to think I do). I do capitalize some words inappropriately, which is a bad habit I've picked up lately, and I'm trying to train myself out of it.
Now enough about me. I want to talk about this notion of Speculation. Speculation is, rightfully, considered disreputable, and I would be the last man to encourage it. I am not speculating on Bitcoin, nor do I encourage anyone else to. If you are trying to become rich buying Bitcoin I have some beachfront property to sell you in Arizona. I buy and use (still learning how to use them though!) BitCoins because I want to support it, because I believe in its fundamentals. I don't give money to a charity looking for a return on my investment (at least, not a financial one), and I am not in principle looking for a return with BitCoin either. I simply want it do well, which means being a stable store of value that is convenient for people, and most important of all, is out of the hands of the Government and in the hands of the People.
If you don't believe what I am saying then tell me why I am wrong, just don't call me a liar because I don't fit your perception of how a senior should behave.
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:38:29
HAH! I don't know whether to take that as a compliment or insult! Thanks John!
@_date: 2013-12-08 00:27:00
I wouldn't know where to begin to do that, but truthfully I wouldn't feel comfortable sharing the information after some of the messages I've received. Reddit has some friendly people but also some very angry people, and unfortunately the angry voices have drowned out the pleasant ones. I regret sharing my age, if I had known this would be the result I wouldn't have.
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:45:30
I never asked for BitCoins and I would rather return or donate them, especially if people are going to question my integrity. Just explain to me how.
@_date: 2013-12-08 00:09:26
Thank you for the help. They should be returned now. I appreciated the tips from everyone but the accusations are not worth it.
-Albert