@_author: alecbenzer
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:57:59
I mean, yes, the transaction data is contained in the blockchain, but the blockchain's not just a flat view of it, it's being broken up into blocks and each block is being "proof of work"-ed. Why?
@_date: 2014-11-08 04:08:01
Like I've said elsewhere in thread, trusting the other nodes isn't needed if complete network communication is possible. If anyone reports a double spend, then a transaction can be rejected. If everyone reports back and there are no conflicts, then we're good.
Trust is needed, as far as I can tell, because we a) don't have full network communication, b) nodes might exit the system but their completed transactions need to be accounted for. Without  taking these issues into account, digital signatures alone seem to provide enough trust.
@_date: 2014-11-08 03:58:44


If complete communication in the network is possible, then the network could just reject both pending transactions as it's clearly a double spend attempt.
However, if you're saying that some nodes hear about one transaction and won't hear about the other one _until after the transaction needs to be verified/rejected_, then I see the need/usefulness of the proof-of-work, as outlined in my edit.
@_date: 2014-11-08 04:19:58


How so? Transactions are all still digitally signed. By "reporting a double spend" I meant more that a node would report its transactions and then other nodes could see if there's a pending transaction that's a double spend. Ie, a node couldn't just declare "this is a double spend", it would have to prove it by providing the digitally signed (attempt at a) transaction.
@_date: 2014-11-08 04:33:03


I understand that; I was asking _why_, because I can imagine simpler schemes that seem to achieve similar things (that is, before taking into account that the nodes aren't all completely connected).


Yeah, like I said, this was one of the bits I was missing: that each node doesn't necessarily know about all transactions all other nodes are involved in.


Being linked to bad actors isn't an issue _until_ you consider nodes that enter the network after others have exited, which was the other bit I was missing.
@_date: 2014-11-08 02:27:53
I'm not sure precisely what you mean by Byzantine generals "for money accountability", but like I outlined in my edit, it seems like in a totally connected network, "money accountability" is as easy or easier than Byzantine consensus in the standard sense. If the issue is that we don't have complete communication, then I can see need/usefulness of proof of work.
@_date: 2014-11-08 00:17:34
You're right the RSA the algorithm being correct does not help the implementations of it which had other flaws, but the algorithm itself is still secure, and there's nothing preventing secure implementations of it from existing.
@_date: 2014-11-08 00:14:17




The timestamps don't necessarily need to be honest reflections of what time it is. Say they're sequence numbers instead. A sends a proposed transaction to both B and C. B and C can already communicate with each other to realize that A is trying to double spend. The issue is only in determining which of these transactions gets considered valid. Hell, that's not even really needed I suppose. Once B and C realize that A is trying to double spend, they can reject both transactions. They achieve this just by communicating prior to verifying the transaction.


I'm having some trouble parsing your first sentence but it sounds like you're saying the Byzantine generals problem was not solved until Bitcoin? I don't think that's right... [there's a paper about the problem from 1982]( and it's been proven (I believe in that paper) that Byzantine consensus is possible if and only if a super majority of the nodes are non-faulty.
I don't think global consensus is needed in the case of identifying double-spending, though, we just need an individual node to know whether a transaction represents a double-spend or not. To this end a node can just communicate with all other nodes. If any node reports a transaction that is a double spend of a coin, those two nodes now know to reject that transaction.
@_date: 2014-11-08 03:31:35
The consensus doesn't have to be global in the sense that a node can reject a transaction as double-spending or approve it as not without every other node in the system necessarily being aware of this as well. Some nodes may never need to know that a particular coin was already spent, if they themselves never encounter someone trying to give them that coin.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:19:29


Digital signatures of some kind are definitely involved here unless the paper is wrong (I assumed RSA but a particular signing algorithm isn't mentioned). See Section 2 of the pdf.


Uh, wat. Source/explanation?
Proof of work alone doesn't get us anything. Miners are going ahead and hashing different nonces to try and get the right number of zeros, but they'd need a way of verifying that the transactions they're including in the hash are actually valid. See step 5 in section 5 in the pdf:


5) Nodes accept the block only if all transactions in it are valid and not already spent
After a proof of work is found, the network still needs to verify that the transactions in the block are valid.
@_date: 2014-11-08 04:16:50
Yeah, like I've said in the main post's edit, if the issue is that the network isn't necessarily well-connected, then I see why a kind of leader election is needed, and why it's better to base this leader election on CPU power and not number of nodes.
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:23:17


Isn't RSA sufficient for this? I can't just say that I have bitcoins that I don't because I need the transaction to be signed by whoever I'm claiming I got the coins from.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:47:10
The RSA links have to do with particular implementations of RSA that were broken, not the algorithm itself.
Anyway, so based on your 2nd paragraph you're agreeing that digital signatures of some kind are being used in Bitcoin to actually verify that transactions are valid, right?
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:29:42
I mean, it sounds like all that's necessary is some form of [consensus]( right? Node A simultaneously tries to transfer a single coin to both B and C. If transactions are being broadcast to the network, nodes B and C will realize that A is trying to double-spend.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:30:18
The consensus is resolved by having some deterministic criteria that nodes agree to honor. Proof of work is an example of this, sure, but why not use a simpler scheme, like "the transaction with the smaller timestamp wins"? This way B and C can confirm one of the transactions as valid and dismiss the other as a double-spend.