@_author: alepho
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:17:52
Fair enough. I was reacting in part to suggestions I've seen from others that dumping PETA shares would somehow hurt PETA. It won't, of course, but not buying into future efforts would, as you correctly note.
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:13:10
The entire offering is illegal in the US. Havelock is an unregistered Panamanian exchange and the "securities" listed therein cannot legally solicit "investment" from US citizens. So PETA is probably not concerned about how their lack of good governance towards shareholders is going to be perceived by the US legal system, as they're not operating under that framework. Not to mention that they've already shown there are plenty of legit concerns that they're not concerned about.
@_date: 2014-07-29 03:53:47
The OP doesn't say whether he has renter's insurance (and we know he's renting the apartment since he talks about getting out of his lease) but even if he does, it's nearly certain he wouldn't be covered for more than a few hundred dollars in stolen cash/bitcoin. Every renter's insurance policy I've ever seen has a cap of less than $1000 for stolen cash and cash equivalents (e.g., traveler's checks). Most likely bitcoin would be regarded as a cash equivalent and the loss not covered.
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:18:14
100% agree.
@_date: 2014-07-29 04:03:53
Did you read the full post? The stolen keys are encrypted and the OP talks about the thieves "taking a shitload of Bitcoins from me that they can never access and probably don’t even know they have". Those coins won't be spent; they're gone.
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:42:41
To kingcolex and all others proposing to send some kind of message to PETA by selling shares you own or by not buying PETA shares currently on market: please understand that **this doesn't impact PETA in any way** and surely does not send them any kind of "message".
When you sell your PETA shares now you're selling to some person who is willing to buy them at whatever price the market establishes. The share is transfered, not destroyed, and PETA neither benefits nor loses in any way.
PETA already made their money in the public offerings and continue to make their money through the [rather high] hosting charges for the mine that they dock from dividend payouts. They'll keep on reaping those hosting fees until the mining rewards are no longer sufficient to cover these costs, but that situation doesn't change in any way when you buy or sell a share on the open market.
The one thing we can all do, other than protest loudly, is to make sure that we never buy in to any new offering or project from the PETA/Cryptx folks in the future. They've made their indifference to shareholders eminently apparent for a long time (just review the 240+ page bitcointalk thread and you can see how long ago the problems started) and they do not deserve a single dime in the future from anyone who supports Bitcoin or its future, let alone anyone interested in not losing his/her money.
Edit:formatting