@_author: alethiophile
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:35:23
I more or less agree with the arguments, but I have to roll my eyes at the title.
It's a price drop. The price went down. You don't have to scare-quote it, as if it doesn't really count somehow.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:27:01
I invite you to go make that change, build a binary and try to get a fork to work.
I'll be over here, with popcorn.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:36:51
This is an unrealistic expectation.
A block size increase requires a hard fork. The method for safely doing a hard fork in BTC (the world's most adopted crypto, and the one with the most outdated nodes still around and being used) is very difficult; how best to do it is still under discussion. At very least, it would require a lag time equivalent to what Segwit had. That means even if you handwave all the technical issues and Core put out a release tomorrow, the block size would still not increase until well after Lightning is ready.
A block size increase is not, and cannot be, a quick interim solution. That's the nature of hard forks. The soonest realistic timeline for _any_ hard fork taking effect is more than a year out. People may complain here about other cryptos which have done it faster, to which the answer is: BTC is not other cryptos. We have the community we have and the development processes we have. Changing the community norms or the development processes first would not make it take any shorter. (And it wouldn't be a good idea anyway; S2X recently provided an eloquent illustration of how well it works to rush crypto code.)
In the long run a blocksize increase is necessary, and there are live proposals out there for stuff like a 15%/year increase, or whatever. But those aren't interim solutions. The only possible interim solution is 1. implement Segwit at the service level, 2. move to second-layer. Any hard fork will take much longer than either of those.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:18:15
Spending BTC on goods counts the same as selling BTC for dollars and spending the dollars on goods, tax-wise.
@_date: 2017-12-19 00:32:26
The current testnet network is mostly highly connected nodes and has 900 channels for 300 nodes (about). If it's as x^2, that implies 10,000 highly connected nodes for 1M channels.
Many ordinary LN users needn't be highly connected; they could have only a couple of channels to other nodes, making channel count for this kind of user as x rather than x^2. This means that the number of possible users under this paradigm could be well over 10k, but it's an empirical question exactly how much over.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:44:40
Wallets have also gotten way better; it's harder to lose an HD wallet than the old style that actually needed regular backups.
@_date: 2017-02-21 23:13:32
This is kind of dumb.
"Brave is related to Bitcoin, and Brave is related to Webtorrent, so clearly we should spam articles about Webtorrent on a Bitcoin site!"
@_date: 2017-02-22 16:57:06
It has other advantages, but one big one is that it brings Bitcoin security up to the level of cash under the mattress. You can't steal cash under the mattress with a computer virus.
@_date: 2017-03-08 20:53:19
You're an idiot who's holding forth on technical matters you admit you don't understand.
A Bitcoin address, the part that's made public in a transaction, is not an ECDSA public key; it's the hash of one. The hash is a one-way function that cannot be inverted. Quantum computers don't change this. A quantum computer with usable numbers of qubits — something that's not at all "just around the corner"; it's still basically an open question whether it's physically possible at all — could derive ECDSA private keys from the corresponding public keys, but it could not derive public keys from the corresponding addresses, and anyone who's been using the most basic of good practice in accepting Bitcoin — certainly to include Wikileaks — will avoid reusing addresses, thus preventing the disclosure of any funds-holding public key. (To invert the hash, in this case, is not merely computationally infeasible, it's information-theoretically impossible; it would require the original preimage from the hash, which is of larger bit size than the hash output, and so even an adversary with infinite computing power would recover not the original public keys but a meaningless arbitrary second preimage.)
I neither know nor care what your political beef with Wikileaks is, but you would have greater credibility if you kept that argument political, rather than dragging in technical points you manifestly are not qualified to understand.
@_date: 2017-03-09 19:03:03
It's plausible that multiple coins implementing an LN-alike payment channel mechanism could exist in parallel, and this could reduce friction for exchanging those coins (among other things). But any LN transaction is an on-chain transaction, just suspended (and thus not broadcast). LN cannot make any altcoin freely interconvertible with, or indistinguishable from, Bitcoin; LN transactions moving bitcoin will only ever move bitcoin, and if you only want to accept bitcoin via LN, that's easy (and in fact the default). So I can't see how this is actually a problem at all.
@_date: 2017-03-11 17:38:26
Rereading, it seems you're right. Disregard above.
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:28:07
This is dumb. Anyone who holds bitcoin knows (or should know) that it's dependent on your computer security; this is why large stashes go in hardware or paper wallets. The Vault7 leak confirms what many suspected — that USG hoards zero-days in the name of SIGINT — but doesn't change anything for Bitcoin. You think the CIA is going to burn sensitive exploits in order to steal your 10BTC?
As for this sub's expectations, it seems we were mostly bullish on ETF, and thus mostly wrong. But USG is very not one monolithic entity; the right hand has vaguely heard of the left hand once or twice, but certainly doesn't have any idea what it's doing. SEC denying the ETF is probably unrelated to whatever nefarious motives the Fed or whatever might have w.r.t. the currency supply.
@_date: 2017-03-10 16:37:59
Only 1450%? Over the _last_ eight years it had gains of around 480,000%. :P
@_date: 2017-03-09 21:48:21
Well, Bitcoin and all the various alts would technically each have their own LN. If a business wants to accept "bitcoin via LN", they need to set up a Bitcoin payment channel; if they want to accept "litecoin via LN", they need a Litecoin payment channel (and wallet, possibly node, &amp;c.); and so forth for every different alt.
These would not be the same network; they'd be separate networks, with overlapping participants. Exchanging bitcoin for any alt, or vice versa, is always a deliberate operation; this is no conceptually different from the current status quo, where you can send someone bitcoin on-blockchain in exchange for an altcoin on-blockchain. So if some other alt has permanent inflation, it still wouldn't erode the purchasing power of bitcoin on LN, because there would be a market between that alt and bitcoin similar to those nowadays, in which the permanently-inflating alt would presumably permanently lose value. Businesses that accepted hypothetical-inflation-alt would have to do so at an exchange rate.
There are other second-layer technologies, e.g. Interledger, which claim to have native multiple-currency operation. But I don't understand these well enough to explain them, and they don't seem to be anyone's preferred path to scaling anyway.
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:57:54
The bubble/bull run cycle in bitcoin has a similar cyclic effect on the proportion of bitcoins held by veterans (mostly long-term holders) vs. new entries (mostly short-term speculators). Currently we're coming off three years of volatilic rise; right now the markets are as full of strong hands as you'd ever expect them to be. This is why it's been so honey-badger since breaking $1000 for the second time.
Currently a new bull run could be triggered by anything; it's near-impossible to predict the timing. The characteristic of a bull run is enormous amounts of new money entering the market, which resets the cycle and creates the circumstances where weak hands selling can produce large drops. But we won't have reached that point until a proper bubble up; depending on where you call the base, it could go anywhere in $5k-$20k before peaking. The rise from ~$700 to ~$1200 we saw over the past few months is insignificant on this scale. We won't have huge volatility again until enough new money is in the market, and that means at way higher prices.
@_date: 2017-03-11 16:43:20
Actually, they agree Gemini counts as a regulated market, but say it has too little of the global trading volumes for the regulations to be a useful protection against market manipulation.
Given whatever the hell that was that sent the price swinging early yesterday before the ETF, it kind of seems they have a point.
@_date: 2017-03-09 17:27:45


If your technical knowledge is nonexistent, then you aren't competent to judge whether a technical development such as quantum computing constitutes a financial threat.


Is this meant to mean something?
For the record, no, none of the engineering challenges surrounding quantum computing are blocked on the solutions to optimization problems which quantum computers would help solve.
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:21:53
Having read the decision, SEC justifies themselves not in terms of any property of BTC itself (including its regulation or lack thereof), but because most of the traffic is through unregulated exchanges. The Winklevii attempted to avoid this objection via setting up Gemini, but SEC concluded that it has an insufficient fraction of the volume to successfully prevent manipulation (the notional purpose for the requirement of exchange regulation). Meanwhile, unlike gold, there is also not a robust (regulated) derivatives market, which SEC suggests could allow for price discovery robust against manipulation in a sufficiently regulated environment. This is called out specifically as a factor which might enable a reconsideration in some years, should such a market emerge.
(Of course, this is all justification given by SEC for its own actions; depending on your degree of trust in official pronouncements, real reasons might arbitrarily differ.)
If this justification is honest, though, then the reason for denial is not any inherent factor of Bitcoin itself, but a contingent circumstance of its current markets. This makes some sense; gold, for instance, has anonymity properties stronger than bitcoin and is arguably just as hard to regulate, but has an ETF regardless. Should large quantities of exchange volume move into regulated exchanges, an ETF could still occur (though, due to the speed of this particular bureaucratic process, certainly not for years in the future). Of course, by this time market conditions will have changed unpredictably, and so it is doubly futile to attempt to predict what the significance of this hypothetical future ETF might be.
tl;dr: if SEC is honest, it's not because "Bitcoin is unregulated", or any similar inherent factor of the technology; it's due to the profound weirdness of bitcoin markets compared to "normal" regulated stuff.
@_date: 2017-03-23 19:20:24
The article says approximately nothing, and the press release it's lazily paraphrasing doesn't say much more.
What does it actually mean for Bitcoin payments to be "AML-compliant"? You need to give them your ID before they'll take your money? I'll pass, thanks.
@_date: 2017-03-09 23:26:37
This is definitely something that could happen. But any LN node which will receive payments in one coin and forward them in another is just equivalent to a market maker in a market between those two coins. These can and should be automated, and the algorithm they'll run is just one which sets the exchange rate based on supply and demand. So any coin which inflates itself will lose value in those exchange rates; if a fiat-linked coin is accepted, it'll presumably fluctuate along with the price of fiat relative to crypto.
Merchants, under such a scheme, could accept whatever coins they wanted. The decision of which coin to accept would just be equivalent to holding your assets in that coin, which increases the price relative to the amount of your assets. Anyone who doesn't trust a given coin would refuse to accept it; payers could pay with that coin, which would be equivalent to selling the untrusted coin in exchange for the trusted coin. The merchant who only accepted a given coin is at no risk from fluctuations in any other coin.
Meanwhile, a node that forwards inter-coin payments at a rate different from the market-determined exchange rate is just acting irrationally, and they'll get all their liquidity arbitraged away.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:33:47
This seems like a step forward. Emergent consensus is still a bad idea, but the core concept (arranging matters so block size can be increased progressively going forward without any more hard forks) would be nice; hopefully this can catalyze a debate about the technical parameters of different fixes that do that, without the extraneous "reject everything Core does!" crap that BU's picked up.
(Plus, people running a hypothetical Core+EC fork would have the option to signal segwit as a compromise, and even if they didn't the code would be segwit-aware at least. This is certainly much better than there remaining the possibility of a fork based on invalid segwit transactions.)
@_date: 2017-08-14 16:16:24
The idea that inflation is somehow necessary for the economy to function is a bizarre modern invention. Economies ran on sound money for thousands of years before we had the innovation of universal fiat currency in the 20th century.
@_date: 2017-01-02 04:57:35
Throw enough money at SpaceX and who knows.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:01:27
Even if miners all stay on the BCash chain, they still have an incentive to game the difficulty algorithm: turn off their miners for a while, to trigger multiple emergency difficulty adjustments, then turn them back on and reap an entire adjustment period's worth of mining revenue in much less than two weeks. Then repeat.
This greatly damages BCash's utility as a payment network (notionally, its original purpose), since block times will be unpredictable and erratic. A difficulty that's low compared to the total available SHA256 hashrate makes 51% attacks much more plausible. And accelerating the inflation schedule in this manner can't help but depress the price, particularly in the face of the limited fundamental demand. At this point, BCash would be in pretty bad trouble even without competition from BTC.
@_date: 2017-08-14 15:54:41
Note the buried lede: this policy is now considered more feasible due to the ongoing displacement of cash by electronic payments on the retail level. More, they advocate governments to retire large-denomination bills in order to keep citizens from storing large amounts of cash easily.
This tells us two things: one, this absolutely will apply to normal people's normal bank accounts; it's not just accounting trickery with the central bank.
Two, they're going to use this as an excuse to attack cash in general, in order that all transactions are in the central database that interested parties can monitor at will.
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:04:03
Honestly, I think the purposes of those who support BTC and want to get on with their lives are best served by just ignoring r/btc in more or less every particular. They've had their split, they've got their coin, best of luck to them. Let's just handle our own work now.
@_date: 2017-08-09 16:07:21
Predicting price is obviously hard, but if you look at the very long term it's generally easier than the short term.
There are basically two use cases for Bitcoin/cryptos, "payment network" and "store of value". There's math you can use to estimate the "correct" price for a commodity based on its use as a medium of exchange, but I'm not familiar with it, so I'll neglect the payment network side. However, it's easier to estimate the price based on a store of value use case.
Compare Bitcoin to an older and more widely used store of value, gold. On fundamentals, we can see advantages and disadvantages to either; mostly, Bitcoin has much lower transaction costs and greater convenience, whereas gold is much more certain to retain its value, its scarcity being dictated by physics rather than protocol rules. It's not obvious that either option is enormously dominant over the other. But if the market cap of Bitcoin grew to match that of gold -- that is, if people were storing similar amounts of value in Bitcoin as they currently do gold -- it would lead to a BTCUSD of something like $350k. This is basically why people anticipate huge continuing increases; if Bitcoin was being used to its full potential, it would attract so much capital inflow that the prices would jump orders of magnitude over the current value.
As for why Bitcoin rather than another crypto, there's a network effect in value storage; the higher price of a given asset tends to reinforce its use to store value, creating a positive feedback effect that's greater than the sum of value stored. Multiple assets can coexist if they're differentiated, but it's somewhat difficult for a crypto to differentiate itself for the pure store-of-value use case. So one crypto probably has to win and remain dominant in that niche, and it's difficult to imagine any other crypto displacing Bitcoin based on its currently accumulated resources. (Ethereum, the closest competitor, isn't even trying to compete on store-of-value, but is hyping smart contracts. It remains to be seen how successful this will be, but regardless, it's a separate niche.)
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:51:53
If USD hyperinflates then BTCUSD may well indeed jump by &gt;1000x, but that's not the same as a &gt;1000x increase in the value of BTC.
For a better look at that, try BTC/gold.
@_date: 2017-08-14 17:25:49
This is just about entirely wrong.
Quantum computing has two basic effects relevant here. One is that Shor's Algorithm on a large quantum computer can crack integer factorization and discrete logarithm problems quickly. This breaks RSA and ECC public-key systems, which are currently the majority of deployed asymmetric cryptography.
Note that this is _all_ it does. It doesn't magically let you brute-force everything. In particular, while it will let you compute public key -&gt; private key for the signature algorithm underlying Bitcoin, it will not let you derive the public key from the address (since this would require inverting a hash), nor will it let you mine much faster (since this also requires inverting a hash).
Also, quantum-safe asymmetric cryptography does exist; most current systems are less convenient than the currently-deployed RSA/ECC ones, and so they aren't in wide use, but if large quantum computers were visibly on the horizon, switching to them would be simple (if not easy). Bitcoin itself could add this capability with a soft fork.
The other major effect of quantum computing on cryptography, Grover's algorithm, is essentially a square-root speedup of many brute-force applications. This can be worked around by squaring the search space, i.e. doubling the key or hash length. This is even more straightforward than changing asymmetric algorithms.
The effects of quantum computing would not be ignorable, but neither would they be catastrophic. Claiming that it would instantly obsolete all cryptography is the purest form of idiotic FUD.
@_date: 2017-08-14 15:49:39
Hold $4k in a savings account for a quarter -- earn about six cents of interest. Carry $400 on a credit card for a month -- pay about $4 of interest.
Such bullshit...
@_date: 2017-01-02 00:01:17
"Moon" is when the Matrix meme is fulfilled, and bitcoin supplants fiat as the dominant global value store. Estimates of BTCUSD at this point are kind of pointless, but in equivalent value terms, it might be anywhere in $100k-$10M.
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:45:59
Chaumian e-cash is in a sense better described as "digital checks" than "digital cash". Broadly speaking, it's a way for one trusted authority to issue value certificates to an individual, who can use them to pay another individual, possibly repeat the process, and then finally come back to the authority to cash in. There may be various other abilities, e.g. divisibility, and certain properties of validity/anonymity/unforgeability are preserved throughout.
Bitcoin is fairly different from Chaum's stuff. It's much simpler cryptographically, and throws away certain requirements of e-cash systems such as offline payment ability (most Chaumian systems can securely complete a payment without any outside network line, just communications between the parties). It's almost more an exercise in decentralized network protocols than cryptographic protocols; from a purely cryptographic standpoint, Bitcoin's solutions look kind of like protocols that use a trusted authority, except the "authority" is the blockchain.
There also exist Chaumian schemes that use Bitcoin as the backend. IIRC TumbleBit is one of these.
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:28:03
It may or may not let you mine faster. I can't immediately tell if Grover's algorithm would be applicable to mining. If it were, it would give you the same square-root speedup it gives everything else, which would be handled quite simply by a difficulty adjustment. All it would mean is that the competitive mining hardware is suddenly quantum computers, rather than classical ASICs. Bitcoin's security model would be unchanged.
Quantum-safe cryptography can still be computed on classical computers. A soft fork to change the signature algorithm would not be any harder than any other soft fork.
Doubling key length is usually something like going from 128 to 256 bits. 1TB of data for a key is not even in the ballpark. Algorithms in common use now (AES-256, SHA256) have entirely adequate key lengths.
You are still continually spouting FUD. No one is ignoring quantum computing; in fact, there is significant research effort going into it (both developing the computers themselves, and creating quantum-safe cryptography that can be carried out on classical computers). The implications are widely known, and they are handleable. Nothing about the prospect of quantum computing renders Bitcoin any less viable in the slightest.
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:22:16
Exchanging BTC for LTC via LN is no different than doing it via an exchange; it doesn't alter the total amounts of either, nor make them interconvertible other than by an operation equivalent to selling one for the other.
What it does do is increase the liquidity of LN as a whole, making routing probably much easier.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:13:22
"Normie" as used within any niche community just refers to anyone outside the community. This isn't derogatory, any more than forming a community around an interest is inherently derogatory of those who don't share the interest. Word-policing is an absurd waste of time.
@_date: 2016-11-12 15:38:46
True. I wouldn't personally be uncomfortable doing that, but that's in part because Bitcoin is so obscure; if doing so became more common, physically attacking people to get their coins might also become a thing.
I think in the long run a hypothetical full-Bitcoin economy would still need banks, both for the original purpose of banks (lending money and paying interest to depositors) and to specialize security practices. Of course, they would still be liable to all the misbehaving banks do, but at least they couldn't apply pressure to devalue the currency and bail them out.
@_date: 2016-11-01 15:31:29
Basically all desktop OSs are horrible (we can have a flamewar about which one is least horrible later). I don't trust any of them to protect bitcoin. Hardware wallets and paper wallets FTW.
@_date: 2016-11-08 23:30:56
Trezor + {Mycelium,Electrum,mytrezor} is not much harder than things a bunch of people do successfully, and gives you good security. Of course, if this became very widespread more breaches would happen; blackhats would start inventing new social engineering attacks, at the very least. But I wouldn't say it's fundamentally beyond anyone who can manage an E-mail account.
@_date: 2016-12-21 17:01:02
Assume bitcoin in fact supplants dollars and all value currently held as dollars flows into bitcoin. Depending on what number you take for the dollar money supply, that would likely put the value of 1BTC at somewhere in $100k-$10M. (In purchasing power equivalence; obviously, if this actually happened, BTCUSD at the time would be much higher.) Thus, 1 satoshi = $1 is unlikely to happen. 1 satoshi = 1¢, maybe.
Not that we'll be complaining either way.
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:56:43
If you base your tax policy on something that isn't income, e.g. property, imports, residency, then you don't need to care how traceable the currency is or isn't.
It's still 100% possible (though illegal) for a business to pay all their workers in cash, file no tax forms and thus pay no taxes. Bitcoin doesn't make that any more possible. The incentives that currently prevent this, plus a possible shift to different bases for taxation, would be perfectly adequate to fund a government even if Bitcoin was the completely-untraceable payment network we wish it was.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:07:00
If you ever want to send your BTC anywhere, a hardware wallet is more secure. Pure-paper requires you to import your private keys into a general-purpose (read: hackable) computer every time you spend any.
Typically a hardware wallet will also prompt you to back up the seed on paper, making it effectively a paper wallet as well.
@_date: 2017-11-19 21:08:39
There is a certain class of catastrophe that might well significantly damage the stock market as a whole, but leave Bitcoin intact. Granted, this isn't a super-likely outcome on its own, but it's worth thinking about.
Better is to diversify across a large range of asset risk-tolerance. Stocks, real estate, fiat in banks, fiat in cash, crypto, gold, guns+ammo...
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:46:22
AFAICT, the main mechanism via which this drags BTC up is something like:
1. Institutional money wants to go long BTC, betting on price increases, but doesn't want to deal with wallets and computer security and shady exchanges. They buy this futures contract.
2. Futures contract market makers find themselves net short BTC (being the counterparties to the long buyers above), which they don't necessarily want to be.
3. These market makers hedge their positions by buying actual BTC until they're net zero. They're free to do this without many regulatory hurdles, since all they're doing is holding BTC on their own account.
Of course, an analogous process would drag BTC down if futures market customers were net short.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:51:21
Qubes can run from a flash drive, thereby becoming effectively amnesiac. It's a lot slower than a local install, though.
@_date: 2017-11-17 00:32:39
There are plenty of taxation mechanisms that don't require tracking all financial transactions; we used them pretty exclusively until 1912 or so.
Bitcoin if widely used can curtail some more egregious government abuses, but it's not a "government killer".
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:02:00
Increasingly quickly until an abrupt stop at the very bottom, hopefully without anything exploding?
@_date: 2017-11-03 03:50:37
Precious metals have been at their equilibrium value in goods for about the last five thousand years. They'll never have a "bull run" like bitcoin does continually; the (food/clothes/land) you can buy with an ounce of gold will probably stay around the current value until forever. If the gold price rises, that just means dollars are falling.
(Related, governmental manipulation of metals markets is much more established than any hypothetical manipulation of bitcoin; governments _know_ gold is a threat to their currencies, and they stand ready to prevent a value spiral.)
Bitcoin isn't currently in gold's niche, though it's aspiring to it. Bitcoin is a speculative asset with 25x-500x gains left in it, at the cost of day-to-day volatility and the still-extant possibility of it going to zero. Gold is pure value preservation; you don't buy it for returns.
@_date: 2017-04-25 18:01:34
The fundamental problem isn't the hole that we're in. When properly organized, humans are capable of solving most problems; it's pretty easy to come up with a plan which, followed strictly, would solve more or less any financial troubles that the US has.
The problem is that the conditions that led us into the current hole remain. We're structurally incapable of acting rationally, let alone with any discipline. Proper governance could get us out of the hole, but the governance we actually have is constitutionally unable to stop digging.
@_date: 2017-04-25 17:19:13
The whole "coffee" use-case always seemed weird to me in the first place. When I buy coffee, I usually do it with actual cash. This is a fine system; it's strongly anonymous, perfectly decentralized, and infinitely scalable. There's no reason to migrate this to any electronic system, let alone one with the necessary inherent inefficiencies of a blockchain. (Feel free to assume someone is issuing sound paper currency if you don't like fiat money. Or just carry silver coins around.)
The whole point of bitcoin or any other crypto is that it's Internet-native. If you want an example on that order of magnitude, swap in "single song download" or "99-cent mobile app" or whatever. There doesn't seem to be any reason to assume that in-person transactions will massively alter their character, regardless of bitcoin's scaling.
@_date: 2017-04-19 16:55:05
Ah. "It's fucking obvious". Clearly, this satisfies everyone's desire for evidence, and they'll all immediately believe you now.
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:06:44
There have been people pushing this story since the hack occurred.
It isn't that no one has seen this idea, and they'll all immediately realize its truth once they've come in contact with it. People are just disinclined to _believe_ it in the absence of any actual evidence.
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:13:40
For what it's worth, an LN hub would never control any part of a user's funds (the user's channel balance can always be unilaterally recovered by the user), and so under current law they'd not come in for any AML/KYC. (As far as I know, the reason exchanges do is because they typically allow you to hold funds on deposit.)
It's always possible, of course, that governments might try to institute new laws requiring regulation on LN hubs. But this seems really unlikely. The only requirements for an LN hub are an internet connection and some liquidity in BTC; there's no connection to the legacy financial system to leverage control, as exchanges have. Trying to regulate LN hubs would be about as feasible as trying to regulate mixers nowadays: they're fully ephemeralized via the Internet, and so onerous regulations would in practice just be ignored, with no mechanism for governments to really enforce them.
@_date: 2017-04-12 18:12:10


A succinct summation of your degree of actual understanding of anything in Bitcoin.
One wonders if similar attitudes in other contexts might have been responsible for various embarrassing episodes unfortunately suffered by a software project here unnamed.
@_date: 2016-09-21 18:29:17
No, Trezor is a bog-standard HD wallet implemented in a secure hardware device. Only your device can sign transactions, and you can sweep the wallet to somewhere else anytime you want.
The default software interface used with Trezor is an SPV wallet, but that isn't a necessary part of anything.
@_date: 2016-09-21 18:27:24


If it's possible to find, it's possible to remove. This is how digital information works.
@_date: 2016-09-21 21:31:04


Again: Digital information and physical reality are two separate things.
You have the file. You can rewrite arbitrary bytes to say arbitrary things at will. If you know which bytes have the watermark, you can _always_ remove them. And if you don't, then you can't read the watermark, either.


I understood the first time. But different kinds of watermark aren't trivially added. Each new kind is basically a new communications protocol with steganographic overhead; creating a new one requires significant computer developer time. Meanwhile, creating a tool that removes it requires time that's at best equivalent. That means that the studios developing this scheme are competing for development time against the entire global community of reversers who enjoy cracking DRM schemes for lulz. The studios cannot but lose that fight.
@_date: 2016-09-23 15:25:01
You could, but it would be stupid.
If you wanted, you could more easily and with less overhead host it in a decentralized crypto-verified system that's actually designed for bulk data storage, e.g. bittorrent or IPFS or whatever. If you absolutely wanted it to be on the blockchain for some reason, just hash a commitment and add that.
@_date: 2016-09-21 20:30:49
No, finding and removing them are not separate problems. If you know the procedure for finding and decoding it — which you must, if you have a tool to do so — then you can alter the input data to make that procedure fail. This is all that's necessary.
Playing obscurity games with different versions of the watermark is a game the studios can't win. They still have to distribute any version that will be of use to them to somebody; reversers will quickly accumulate a library of watermark versions and turn this into a tool that can remove any known version of the watermark. And if you've already received your review copy, you know that it can only have watermark versions that existed when you got it.
In practice, this problem is much more easily solved by keeping the watermarks secret and then letting the studios monitor download sites themselves. But that's something that's already being done, and needn't involve any Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:09:06
IIUC, if you're using an HD wallet correctly, a single wallet can (transparently to the user) hold an arbitrary number of addresses, and blockchain analysis can't link these. Therefore, it would seem difficult to distinguish between genuine increase in the userbase and greater penetration of this kind of software (as well as greater use of the best practice of using fresh addresses for each transaction). In combination with the concern raised by other commenters that exchanges may have many users in few on-chain wallets, it seems this is a fairly noisy measure of actual Bitcoin usage.
What would be an interesting number is the percentage of addresses with multiple UTXOs, or a history of repeatedly receiving transactions. This could be a decent measure of how many people use current best practice of throwaway addresses, as opposed to the older persistent address habits.
@_date: 2016-09-21 22:13:30
You seem to be assuming I'm an idiot, or am somehow unaware of the actual name of the field which would inform this discussion.
I am telling you, as one well-informed and occasionally professional in the field, that this is functionally impossible. Your proposed scheme, of creating infinite new steganographic protocols in order to get around removing the watermarks, would be an endless sink of developer time and money to ever-decreasing benefit; every new one would be defeated instantly as soon as it was published to any bounty hunter. This is just another attempt to implement secure DRM, which is strictly impossible.
You respond by linking a Wikipedia article to a field of study. It's as if you thought you could make an argument about the monetary policy by linking the page for "Economics".
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:22:55
Someone who believes in Bitcoin long-term is typically buying the expectation of a $10k/$50k/$100k coin some years down the road. Given this, and the fact that short-term price fluctuations don't really affect the evaluated likelihood of it occurring, yeah, dropping prices makes it look more attractive.
@_date: 2016-09-29 22:37:19
In fairness, looking at the fundamentals and noting that a collapse must occur is relatively easy; predicting when it will occur requires predicting exactly what all the clever people invested in the system will do to kick the can down the road, which is much harder. There's a bias among those who see the fundamental picture to assume it must happen soon, but unsustainable situations can continue for longer than you think. That doesn't mean the situation isn't actually unsustainable.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:37:45
Do you think that everyone here whose advice is to hodl is insincere and is just trying to con newbies into buying so as to preserve their own holdings?
Anyone who's giving you advice will tell you not to invest more than you can lose. If BTC going to zero would make you have to go wash dishes at McDonalds, you're living dangerously and most here wouldn't recommend that. But outside of those scenarios, as born out by multiple past experience, dips in BTC are temporary and long-term holders are ~always significantly in the green. It is not at all morally wrong, nor particularly unwarranted, to predict based on this past experience that the current dip is a buying opportunity rather than a matter for concern.
Signed, a guy who's buying the dip.
@_date: 2016-09-21 15:58:02
The fundamental function of a bank isn't "store money". It's "hold customer money as capital to make loans with". This is why savings accounts nominally yield interest; the money you give the bank is being lent out in interest-bearing loans, and part of the profit accrues to the customer.
There's still definitely a niche for this in Bitcoin. In fact, Bitcoin might restore it to its original value. The current financial system has nuked the original bank arrangement, with the central bank acting as lender of last resort who can also print money on demand; without the ability to do that, loan capital would need to come from deposits again. (To really do it right, they'd need to solve the maturity-mismatch problem as well, but let's only ask for one miracle at a time.)
There's also, of course, the matter that many individuals don't want to be responsible for their own computer security. But if this were all it was, the role of banks would be much lesser; the majority of people are probably capable of handling a Trezor.
@_date: 2017-09-08 16:32:30
I would say that credit card debt as currently understood (full-recourse, high interest rate after the first month, for the purposes of everyday purchases rather than anything vaguely like an investment) is always bad. Sadly, the structure of our economy somewhat requires you to have a credit card, but if you're doing anything with it other than paying the full balance down every month with money you already had at time-of-purchase, you're doing the wrong thing.
Mere access to credit for the purposes of things that are arguably investments, on the other hand, has been present for centuries under sound money regimes; the prevailing interest rate is merely somewhat higher. This is a good thing, since interest rates are a market signal of the supply/demand on investable wealth.
(As it currently stands, Bitcoin itself couldn't be the main unit of account in an economy, because it's so volatile due to its small size compared to other stores of wealth. But this is theoretically a temporary condition; in the hypothetical future world where Bitcoin has taken over all national currencies and it's got a predictable deflation of 2% per year, or whatever, there would be no problem.)
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:54:52
"Inflation" has two meanings: one is "whenever the money supply grows", the other is "excessive money supply growth leading to increasing prices".
Bitcoin has the first, never (historically) the second.
@_date: 2017-09-12 18:21:27
Complaining about Chainalysis being bad actors is beside the point. This is an affordance of the underlying technology, and so long as it exists _someone_ will be exploiting it.
Similarly, complaining about Coinbase doesn't add anything new. It's already known that they'll kick people off arbitrarily; I got suspended because of some bullshit documentation issue and it's impossible to get hold of support to fix it. Big deal; buy from LBC or an ATM. If you actually believe in Bitcoin's upside, the premium is worth it.
The real vulnerability here is governments trying to apply money laundering laws to Bitcoin at scale. This was always going to become a problem eventually; the best we can do about it is get privacy/fungibility up to the best available, and keep peer-to-peer operations like LBC alive.
@_date: 2016-09-09 15:14:17
That's not the issue. The really clever bit of cryptography behind HD wallets is the part that allows a master public key to generate all the public keys _without_ exposing private keys; otherwise it'd be no different than any CSPRNG. But the weakness of that scheme is that if you leak any _private_ key along with the master _public_ key, it exposes the relationship between keys and lets anyone deduce all the private keys.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:20:59
It's easy to design a crypto with centralized permissions requirements. Just require all transactions to be countersigned by some government representative, and maybe have a different set of "master keys" that can also confiscate funds. Computers can enforce any consensus rule you can imagine, pretty much.
It's not obvious why you would ever want to do this, since introducing a single point of trust breaks the best advantage of a blockchain, while still leaving you exposed to all the downsides in terms of inefficiency and so on. But it's definitely possible.
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:43:34
In particular, plain old cash is the long-time standard for criminal transactions of all kinds, and the only real benefit of bitcoin over cash is gone when running transactions that by their nature require someone to show up in meatspace.
DNMs are a genuinely new use case, but you can't exactly mail a slave across borders.
@_date: 2017-09-06 18:03:02
The average Joe can definitely benefit from putting his savings in bitcoin instead of a savings account earning like .25%/year. (Contingent on acceptable risk, of course.)
The average Joe Techie can definitely benefit from buying Internet-native services (VPN, VPS, &amp;c.) via bitcoin, rather than tying these to meatspace identities and monetary instruments.
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:22:55
Someone who believes in Bitcoin long-term is typically buying the expectation of a $10k/$50k/$100k coin some years down the road. Given this, and the fact that short-term price fluctuations don't really affect the evaluated likelihood of it occurring, yeah, dropping prices makes it look more attractive.
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:02:01
Oh, the Death Wobble has started again, I see.
I'm honestly not sure even a hard fork will help them, because the miners willing to mine BCH will have an incentive to stay on the chain they can manipulate.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:42:09
Obviously Zimbabwe is a special case for all kinds of reasons. And so was Weimar, and so was every time people's savings in a fiat currency just vanished over the course of a year. Everything has a reason behind it.
The problem is that, in every fiat currency, there is no _structural_ safeguard against the exact same thing happening. Holding US dollars is basically a bet in favor of the sound management of the US government. Who feels like making that bet, over a time horizon of the next thirty years?
As for Bitcoin specifically... hell, if it could drop to $100 overnight, then short it. Put your money where your mouth is. In the end, the only sound philosophy is the one that wins.
@_date: 2017-10-06 18:26:49
Economies of scale make mining inherently centralized, and it's often possible to gain more personal profit by tearing something down and looting it than by keeping it safe and building.
Miners are not trustworthy, and the incentives that keep them from bad acting are only provisional. They're one stakeholder in the system, not the only or the principal one.
@_date: 2017-10-11 18:58:56
So now, in the event of doubt, we keep following the current rules. Which was literally the next sentence he wrote.
@_date: 2016-09-21 20:07:21
A conventional watermark can be hidden by obscurity, and might approach the security you describe. This is already a tactic some studios use, IIRC.
This Bitcoin-watermark notion relies for its security on the incentive anyone who sees the download has to sweep the coin. For this to matter, anyone who sees the download has to be able to do that. Which means the watermark has to be public. Under this scheme, there's nothing that prevents the original uploader from using the same tools bounty hunters would use to find the watermark, then removing it.
@_date: 2016-09-21 15:46:00
I'm pretty sure they'll never be able to embed the coin key in such a manner that no transformation can make it illegible. Even if they do watermark the frames, the prospective pirate would just have to transform the video in such a manner that the address data is lost, even if this doesn't restore the un-watermarked originals.
More generally, to be of any use to the bounty hunters, the location and format of the bitcoin watermark has to be publicly known, but that also means that the uploader can search it out himself and remove it before uploading. I'm not sure if there's any way around this; given that DRM solutions are often snake oil, I don't put a really high probability on this company having thought of anything particularly clever.
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:03:54
Bitcoin has two separate but complementary use cases: value store and payment network. Currently, the payment network has scaling trouble, meaning that when alternatives are available they're generally superior. But when alternatives have bigger downsides, it's still an entirely valid use case.
(Also, I don't know who you're conceiving as "the average Joe Techie" here, but I've used VPN and VPS for personal use in many applications, none of them particularly crypto-specific or particularly shady. Being able to buy these things without necessarily and automatically tying them to my real-world identity is a very welcome convenience.)
As for the deflation issue, that is a real problem to some degree. I don't care about it much myself; things I pay for with bitcoin are never more than a small fraction of my holdings, and I'm constantly DCAing anyway. If you really can't handle the idea of losing out on the future gains from that bitcoin, though, you can easily budget purchases in dollars and then offset the bitcoin payments with immediate bitcoin purchases.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:43:26
The idea that huge amounts of debt everywhere is necessary for a healthy economy is purest bullshit.
Debt should be assumed only for the purposes of investment with a prospective return greater than the interest rate, or else for big single assets when you're damn sure you'll have the continual income to pay them off (e.g. mortgages). The modern practice of consumptive debt is distortionary and exploitative.
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:06:14
Will general-purpose computers be around in a century?
Will the Internet (maybe not the current protocols, but something that has the same capabilities and serves the same purpose) be around in a century?
Have firearms, or automobiles, or communications wires, all just vanished over the &gt;100y since they were invented?
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:08:10
Loose terminology aside, there is no "the" mempool; each node maintains its own mempool, with as many or as few transactions as they please. This kind of rule would not be enforceable, because "mempool" is not an entity in the Bitcoin protocol, but an implementation detail in the current software that could change without breaking consensus.
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:10:13
The expected value of the futures contract is your expectation of the value of BT2 tokens, discounted by your estimation of how likely Bitfinex is to fulfill the contract.
The observed behavior of traders suggests that they don't esteem Bitfinex as significantly flakier or more of a risk than any other exchange (whether this estimation is correct or not).
Therefore, the current value of the BT2 futures is equivalent to (some part of) the market's judgement of the expected value of BT2 tokens, possibly less a discount of some small value.
If you disagree with the market's judgement, you can buy the futures contract, and if you're right you make a lot of money. This is the same mechanism by which we expect markets to ever come to a correct answer in any case.
@_date: 2017-10-09 19:54:38
The only reason it should be replayed is if someone is griefing, since if you're doing it right no one can steal your coins by replaying.
The likelihood of people griefing, and how widespread it will be, is left as an exercise for the reader.
@_date: 2017-10-18 18:17:40
In theory, and assuming the protocol rules hold, bitcoin could be (monetarily) better than gold. The final monetary inflation level of bitcoin is 0% (albeit in a century or so); new gold will presumably continue to be mined in perpetuity.
The big difference right now is that gold has run to fixation millennia ago, whereas bitcoin is still running up. That means you can still make 100x profits off it (maybe), but it also means you're exposed to the moment-to-moment volatility and the still-extant possibility of it losing out and ultimately going to zero. Assuming bitcoin does assume a gold-like role, it'll do so at a much higher price point and thereafter tend to behave more like gold does in the current markets.
@_date: 2017-10-12 20:51:13
2x had at least some effect in getting the Segwit activation completed, and so various people at that point were cautiously in favor. (It's hard to allocate causation between 2x and the planned UASF at that point; some believe that 2x was a face-saving measure to allow companies to avoid openly caving to the UASF.) Since then, more information has come out (Core's continued opposition, the replay-protection snafu), and none of it has made 2x look better.
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:35:45
At some point, though, you start estimating the odds of prices dropping below some point as too low to bother accounting for.
If you hold dollars, the exact same calculation applies, but most people don't bother to account for this risk. (Perhaps to their later regret.) If you hold gold, it still applies, gold's monetary value being well above its intrinsic. But the odds seem overwhelming that if you have gold, you'll still be able to buy some reasonable amount of goods with it no matter what happens, as has been true for the past four thousand years.
The big question is just what the "reliable" price of bitcoin is at this point. This is of course hard to estimate, because of high volatility and limited use as a unit of account. But most people would be very surprised if Bitcoin fell below $1k again, as an example.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:37:45
Do you think that everyone here whose advice is to hodl is insincere and is just trying to con newbies into buying so as to preserve their own holdings?
Anyone who's giving you advice will tell you not to invest more than you can lose. If BTC going to zero would make you have to go wash dishes at McDonalds, you're living dangerously and most here wouldn't recommend that. But outside of those scenarios, as born out by multiple past experience, dips in BTC are temporary and long-term holders are ~always significantly in the green. It is not at all morally wrong, nor particularly unwarranted, to predict based on this past experience that the current dip is a buying opportunity rather than a matter for concern.
Signed, a guy who's buying the dip.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:58:47
Since the unexplained bout of benevolence by that one miner seems to have expired, BCH is back on the Death Wobble such that if its profitability ever exceeds BTC's, it'll snap into absurd inflation and push the price back down.
Reasonably sure this is the mistake that sinks them (over and above the whole strategy of contentious hard forks in general, anyway).
@_date: 2017-10-14 18:06:07
How much effect the UASF had is a matter of the internal motivations of the companies that set up the NYA. It's difficult to discern these from the outside, but it's sometimes speculated that they did it in order to get Segwit locked in before UASF came to a head, in order to prevent a precedent being set for nodes unilaterally forcing a change on the miners.
@_date: 2016-10-20 15:54:38
This is not really right. The industrial demand for gold has very little to do with its current value; if no one wanted gold as a purely monetary good, its price would crash instantly, since the current stockpile greatly exceeds all possible industrial demand for forever. The majority of the demand for gold is monetary, and speculation on gold prices always bets on monetary factors, not industrial. (Gold spikes when fiat currencies are looking uncertain, not when someone comes out with a new industrial use.) And why gold for this purpose, rather than any other rare element? Historical inertia, basically.
Bitcoin here is like gold, except more so. Its inherent uses are more marginal (and kind of piggybacking on the monetary demand anyway), and its monetary properties better. And it's obviously in a similar position; no one sane imagines that its use in timestamping justifies a price of $630 per coin.
Fundamentally, monetary demand is about saving. An easy means of exchange is nice, but the majority of value is usually being saved, and thus the relevant quality is whether its value will appreciate or depreciate over the relevant time horizon. If you have to sell your gold/bitcoin/platinum for something easier to exchange whenever you want to spend it, that's inconvenient but not fatal; if your fiat/tulip bulbs/savings account is actively losing value over time, you'll want to keep only the minimum amount in it, for the minimum amount of time. Price is determined by how much wealth is stored in the medium, so the most important factor in maximizing any medium's price is its quality as a store of value.
@_date: 2016-10-24 14:57:58
This is kind of silly. Memory-based mining will still take power, and given the economics, presumably the difficulty will adjust reasonably quickly such that the return on mining isn't much greater per watt than current. For professional miners, the only difference will be what kind of hardware they buy.
For individual users, meanwhile, the difference will be that their desktop PC is maybe as competitive a mining device as a comparably-priced ASIC miner is in Bitcoin today. (Presumably somewhat less efficient, but part of that is offset if you'd be running the PC anyway.) If this is true, then the whole global stock of normal PCs will presumably be a nontrivial piece of the worldwide mining power, which certainly does promote decentralization.
@_date: 2016-10-20 17:33:01
On the contrary, people saving it because they expect other people to save it is precisely how bitcoin has gained any value so far. Other applications, like timestamping, are more recent than the monetary use and dependent on it. This is how any bubble works, and money is just a bubble that doesn't pop.
Of course, people buying bitcoin based on their expectations of future demand is dependent on there being a reasonable expectation of future demand, which requires liquidity. So more capacity in the underlying technology is a good thing. But a high value doesn't require enormous transaction capacity, it requires demand. Expensive or inconvenient transactions just mean people will use other things as an immediate medium of exchange, which is non-ideal but not fatal.
@_date: 2016-10-19 21:26:50
Momentary research reveals that the author of that book also writes for Jacobin, whose political ideology is explicitly socialist.
Why am I not surprised?
@_date: 2017-05-16 20:21:38
You can make money speculating on the market fluctuations of anything (or lose it); this is no statement as to the thing's inherent worth.
If you bought XRP and held it for five years, what are the odds it would still make money?
@_date: 2016-10-21 20:35:00
Difference is that there probably isn't an improvement to be gained in memory-based mining equivalent to the difference between CPUs and ASICs. What an ordinary PC or server does is much more like "fast memory access" than it is like "maximal hashes per second", so the hardware you buy for general computing purposes will always be much more relatively suited for memory-based than for hash-based mining. (That is to say, optimal memory-based mining hardware will be much more like general computing hardware scaled up, as opposed to ASICs which are completely different from what you find in a PC anywhere.)
@_date: 2017-05-09 20:35:08
This is kind of dumb. The state existed before fiat currency, and it will continue to exist after fiat currency.
Bitcoin may, God willing, allow us to dethrone fiat currency and thus enjoy a somewhat more sane economic system. But it isn't going to change human nature, or permanently remove a system that has existed continuously for 10,000 years give or take.
@_date: 2016-10-07 15:42:46
If bitcoin were to supplant dollars, then the value per bitcoin would likely be somewhere in $100k-$10M (current value equivalent). (Uncertainty because due to our screwed-up economic system, it's hard to figure out what the market cap of dollars actually is.)
@_date: 2016-10-17 22:17:34
To scale to worldwide use, it seems likely that both off-chain solutions (e.g. Lightning) and a block size increase will be necessary. However, off-chain solutions will multiply the effective capacity of a given blocksize by lots, and no one yet knows precisely how big a factor that will be.
In the case of Lightning specifically, the most common requirement for on-chain txs is probably cashing out unbalanced channels. How often this is required depends largely on routing methods, IIUC; current routing tests have not dealt with this concern, and so it isn't clear how well routing can handle it. Ideally, the fact that breach remedy transactions exist will minimize the requirement of their actual use, but no one yet knows how well that will work, either. Without any reasonable numbers for these kinds of factors, it's impossible to say precisely what the improvement of Lightning will be, and thus what a reasonable final block size is.
@_date: 2017-05-09 22:38:55
An economic system based on sound money is inherently more sane than one based on fiat. Sound money doesn't allow you to cloak your failures of business via political means quite so readily.
@_date: 2016-10-21 20:23:44
A MimbleWimble sidechain would be the obvious Bitcoin-compatible solution. The transaction mechanics are too different for it to work on main chain. This could start happening once segwit turns on.
MimbleWimble altcoins could be done now, and may already have been.
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:08:40
You've been doing nothing but asserting without evidence that my positions are fallacies. Try an actual argument.


This is precisely what I'm saying. _Nobody uses gold as a medium of exchange._ And yet it is still valuable far beyond its industrial use, because people hold it as a _store of value_. Yes, this is "speculation", but only in the sense that anyone holding any asset anywhere is "speculation". I continue to hold dollars in my wallet based on my "speculation" that they will still buy me food tomorrow.


"Usage", in the sense of wide adoption, is not the salient concept here. Demand is. People continue to hold assets as value stores based on the "speculation" that in the future they will be able to get stuff for it. Gold will hold its value so long as someone wants to buy it, even in a situation (like the current one) where nobody will directly exchange it for goods. It's irrelevant that I can't give the guy at the corner shop gold coins; if I want to buy food with gold, I sell the gold for dollars first. As long as I can do that, gold still has value, "usage" or not.


No, this goes both ways. People save assets because they are demanded, _and_ they demand assets because they are saved (because they are demanded). Monetary value is entirely separate from intrinsic value. This is circular, but it still works, as we can see in the _actual real world_, where bitcoin and gold are both priced far beyond either their intrinsic value or their use in direct exchange.
@_date: 2017-05-25 14:51:31
Bitfinex has banking issues, so the only way to deposit/withdraw fiat is if you happen to already be in their jurisdiction (Taiwan, I think?). Initially, this caused a higher price there as people bought BTC with their USD held on Finex in order to be able to transfer it off. Now, however, there's a giant bull market with new fiat coming into every exchange to buy BTC with; Finex is slower than the other exchanges here, because it's hard to get fiat in as well as to get it out.
@_date: 2017-05-11 23:22:36
Given that bitcoin and gold are currently in the same niche, and have arguably similar utility in that niche (gold generally safer, bitcoin generally more useful), it doesn't seem impossible to suggest that eventually bitcoin demand could be approximately equal to gold demand. If bitcoin's market cap grew to match gold's, IIRC that equates to around $300k-$400k per BTC. Enough moon for anyone.
As to the path from here to there, the value of any speculative investment is to a large degree self-fulfilling. People buy it based on their assessment of its future value, which is determined by how many people buy it. Everyone who buys BTC thinking that they could still make 100x returns in the long run makes that outcome epsilon more likely. Have we reached the tipping point? I don't know -- but it certainly seems plausible enough to throw some money at.
(This is ignoring all talk of fancy fintech and the wave of the future and displacing the entire monetary system, which would propel the valuation arbitrarily higher but which is much harder to put a reasonable probability on.)
@_date: 2016-10-11 22:57:20
Betteridge's law applies.
@_date: 2017-05-13 22:05:54
There's certainly a large contingent that will do that. That's what causes the bubble/pop cycle, after all.
The long-term value of bitcoin will be determined by those who hold it for the long term.
@_date: 2017-05-13 22:47:39
There is a tipping point past which USG could ban bitcoin and shut down all domestic exchanges, and it wouldn't kill it, because of people's enduring tendency to treat it as valuable.
Whether we've yet reached that tipping point is unknown. But we get closer every month USG _doesn't_ do that.
@_date: 2017-05-12 18:45:27
For me, it was just scan passport -&gt; "anything to declare?" "nope" -&gt; go on through. They didn't even know I had electronics, let alone encrypted ones.
I was traveling with family at the time; maybe that dropped me in their "non-suspicious profile" bucket.
@_date: 2017-05-09 20:45:15
I agree that these are potential effects of Bitcoin, and would be desirable.
What I'm not getting is the bit where you correctly note that the state has existed coterminously with human civilization, and think that this constitutes evidence that we're going to get rid of it anytime soon.
If we can roll back the extent of government to where it was in 1900, that'd already be plenty.
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:11:12
So explain what causes bubbles, in your theory.
@_date: 2016-10-20 17:49:07


No, it isn't. Gold is still valuable as a monetary good, despite being basically impossible to exchange (except by selling it for fiat). Bitcoin is still at $630, despite having very limited direct exchange possibilities.
People who hold gold, or bitcoin, are betting that in the future it will still be possible to use it to get stuff. Whether you get stuff with it directly, or by first exchanging it for fiat, doesn't really matter. A monetary good that is superior at holding its value will be higher-valued than a monetary good that is superior as a means of exchange, because more value is generally being saved than is being actively exchanged.
@_date: 2017-05-04 22:23:36
It's political power that allowed the current elites to accumulate their monetary power, not vice versa. And political power just reduces to military power, phrased genteelly.
The Internet alters the equation that existed in 1913 (and at most points previous). It is at least _difficult_ to force changes on a distributed system via military power (and requires coordination that the current elites would have a difficult time managing). Therefore, there's reason to be hopeful that the same history will not play out again.
@_date: 2017-05-12 15:17:58
Well, taking the $7.8 trillion number for gold's market cap they use in that article and dividing it by 21 million coins, you get a BTCUSD of $371,429. Of course, some coins are lost, which would make the number higher, and that kind of growth will steal some demand from gold as well, which would make the number lower. Precise predictions are impossible, but given those assumptions (store-of-value use case only), this is the sort of order of magnitude we're looking at.
@_date: 2017-05-13 21:59:30
In fairness, nothing would prevent USG from banning the holding of bitcoin.
On the other hand, bitcoin is far easier to hide.
@_date: 2017-05-03 22:23:40
I'd say more so, buy a hardware wallet. Or make a paper wallet (cheaper, but less convenient). There's no desktop OS I'd trust with any significant amount of BTC; next time, it could be something that just scans for wallet software and steals all the keys.
@_date: 2017-05-25 21:55:47
Depending on where you set the base price for the current bull run, it's likely to top out between $5k-$10k, and then drop again to $1.5k-$3k. It's quite possible the bottom of the drop after the real bubble will be higher than the current value.
@_date: 2017-05-13 22:04:25
The point is that "day to day transactions" wouldn't be on the blockchain.
Currently it's made obvious by the blocksize limit, but this is actually inherent and can't be changed. A blockchain is a tremendously inefficient way of running a ledger; its sole virtue is trustlessness, which is considered in this case to override efficiency. Any sizable userbase running day-to-day transactions will fill any remotely reasonable blocksize to capacity. Thus, the way Bitcoin will work in the long run for these kinds of transactions is either with second-layer solutions, or not at all.
Note that the use case which is generating most current demand, investment/hodling, is not badly impacted by the transaction backlog; run your transactions in increments of 0.1BTC and pay the 1mBTC fee, and you'll confirm in a block or two, like ever.
@_date: 2017-05-12 15:14:09
Entirely anecdotally, last summer I (US citizen as well) was out of the country with the full complement of Potentially Suspicious Hardware (Trezor, encrypted laptop, encrypted phone, bunch of encrypted SD cards). Didn't get a second look at customs. I don't think they even noticed the Trezor existed.
Thus, my recommendation would be 1. have the recovery seed written down or backed up somewhere in US, 2. make sure the Trezor has a strong PIN and/or seed passphrase, 3. don't worry about it. If they did seize the Trezor for some reason, you can write it off and order a new one, then restore from recovery. (Of course, if that happened you'd also want to sweep the funds into a newly generated wallet with a new seed.)
@_date: 2017-06-02 17:24:31
Eth isn't a scam, it's just trying to do something fundamentally different.
Being willing to bail out the DAO sent a pair of complementary messages -- to crypto-anarchists/holders, "don't trust this asset with your long-term value, it is not absolute"; to large institutions considering buying in to it, "yes, there is an authority here you can deal with, not just some immutable lines of code". This makes Eth more attractive to the latter, less attractive to the former. This is an entirely valid market niche, though it'll be likely to have less market cap in the long term, since the killer app for crypto ATM is value storage/transport.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:08:56
Also a possibility. Bitmain certainly wouldn't _like_ spending all their hashpower on a chain that no one but them cares about.
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:12:44
As currently implemented, if BIP148 doesn't win _immediately_, like within a day, it can't win at all. A reorg from the legacy chain onto BIP148 after any nontrivial amount of economic activity would be enormously destructive. The way to get around this would be to make BIP148 into a proper fork with replay protection and create its own coin (then lobby exchanges to list it, &amp;c.). It's possible SegwitNowCoin could beat out LegacyCoin in the market, but BIP148 is currently designed around the assumption that there won't be a LegacyCoin at all, and this seems really unlikely.
@_date: 2017-06-26 18:23:53
1. The "speculative attack" commences via legal methods, mostly ordinary forex types of things. This can start slowly, but it'll always be self-reinforcing; the process described in the article is always profitable in proportion to your investment through it, so it only requires some entity that can invest enough to overcome the fixed costs.
2. At some point, bitcoin-based capital flight starts to have a noticeable effect on the currency in question, whichever it is. At this level, there is going to be a substantial infrastructure and industry around trading bitcoin in that currency, largely white-market; bitcoin will have a nontrivial representation among the amorphous lobbyist class that is largely influential in the making of such decisions.
3. The government in question sees the problems in its currency, and takes action to halt the flow. This could include any of the methods mentioned, but in the end it will doubtless converge on a ban on holding/trading bitcoin, with or without other types of capital controls.
4. Some substantial part of the bitcoin market in that currency goes underground. Remember, by this point there's a significant industry surrounding the market; there has to be, in order to support volumes sufficient to noticeably impact the relevant currency. Flat prohibitions on lucrative markets rarely go at all well; bitcoin is much easier to smuggle than either drugs or guns, both of which have thriving black markets.
5. The monetary incentive to hold bitcoin rather than that national currency remains. The flow continues, only slowed by the prohibitions; depending on what measures are taken for capital control, the incentive may even grow, pulling more people into bitcoin to avoid the controls on the native currency.
What exactly happens from here, and how it plays out in the end, is very difficult to predict; it depends sensitively on the exact actions taken by local governments, the international response (both governmental and industrial), and the state of the non-Bitcoin-related economy both locally and internationally. But the incentives pointing toward hyperbitcoinization are real, and it's quite difficult to actually overturn them. If the economy begins to prefer bitcoin to fiat from the bottom up, governments are robbed of one of their main power levers; if they take extraordinary means to reverse this and fail, they lose many others.
@_date: 2017-06-14 23:04:56
I think it's very possible that nothing happens and the original chain keeps going. That possibility is just:
1. BIP148 happens, but small mining power follows and there's obviously no immediate reorg risk
2. Bitmain fork themselves off, nobody follows them, no possible reorg risk
3. Difficulty adjusts on the main chain well before the BIP148 chain; main chain keeps going; eventually BIP148 chain dies out as it becomes clear it can't win; Bitmain keeps wasting their time on BitMainCoin for as long as they feel like pissing money away; eventually Segwit activates on main chain by some other method
I think this is the most likely outcome, though not the only possible one. I'd prefer it if BIP148 succeeded, but that was never that likely; the timeframe was too fast.
@_date: 2017-06-26 19:48:41
Right, but assuming bitcoin wins, governments will just have to go back to a model of operation more like what they did in the past. This will doubtless include enormous turmoil, to intermingle with all the enormous turmoil already incoming from other sources, but there's no incompatibility with government as an abstract concept.
Any specific actually existing governments may well be torpedoed by it. But they're mostly doomed anyway for other reasons.
@_date: 2017-06-08 15:39:13


There isn't an a priori injustice just from the facts stated. But the fact is that if a currency successfully fulfills the preeminent quality of a currency, reliable scarcity, then this condition doesn't happen at all -- in fact, the natural state is gradual, continual price deflation as the economy grows faster than the money supply.
This is obviously a better deal for currency holders, and it's what we actually had for most of history. A single entity using both naked force and monopoly tactics to force people onto its tokens, which form a strictly inferior currency, instead, for the sole purpose of being able to inflate those tokens and hence confiscate value from the current holders surreptitiously (instead of levying higher taxes that would make it obvious who's getting screwed and who's doing the screwing), while also promoting and championing bogus academic theories in order to gaslight people into thinking this is the only possible way and in fact an improvement on the previous condition... that does indeed strike me as an injustice.
@_date: 2017-06-26 18:34:30
There's nothing in bitcoin inherently incompatible with governments. It's largely similar to gold from a macroeconomic perspective, and governments more or less worked fine when we were on an actual gold standard.
If bitcoin wins completely, presumably governments will deal either in bitcoin or bitcoin-backed fiat; they'll have less macroeconomic control via central banks, in particular lacking the ability to raise money via inflation, and so budgets will be tighter; they'll have less ability to control large transactions, and so there'll be less of an absurd totalitarian push to have the government oversee every transfer of currency that ever happens. (As a side effect of this, there may be a move away from income/capital gains/VAT tax models and toward property tax/head tax/tariff models, levying taxes on markers that are still relatively easy to audit.) These are all fairly familiar conditions historically; none of them lead to the inevitable demise of government.
Regarding bitcoin's volatility, that's an effect of its current uncertainty. The long-term value of bitcoin is either far, far greater than current, or zero; volatility in bitcoin/fiat markets reflects the fact that its expected value can jump greatly depending on epsilon-level alterations in its future prospects. In the long run, volatility will inevitably decrease a great deal, whether bitcoin wins or loses.
@_date: 2017-06-06 20:49:48
Technically good news, I suppose, but I'm trying to see how it matters concretely much. It bans municipalities from enacting special blockchain taxes, but has that ever actually happened?