@_author: alexistrife
@_date: 2017-08-22 10:29:22
my honest opinion about Satoshi and his coins...
It's a mutually assured destruction scenario. He knew if it would take off like it has, eventually he'd have enough wealth to essentailly buy the internet. So he keeps it as a threat.
@_date: 2017-08-27 23:28:08
This is why you don't rely on antpool to mine your comebacks.
@_date: 2017-09-14 20:16:12
Honestly, the wrong think with people is to just invest in bitcoin. It's a fools game hoping you're gonna get rich like the people did in the start, the real market is trying to bet on the next bitcoin/ethereum. While btc and eth will always be around, there is still lots of gaps in the tech that need to b filled.
I started funneling all my btc into ark, and well, glad I did. Ark has doubled in value while btc is heading to sub 3k. I'm sure btc will jump again, but when it does, I can just dump my ark for btc and then sell the btc at high point an buy back in ark. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:34:30
I got in an held since 2013. Sadly when I was out of town working, the girlfriend who I had just bought a house with, moved in another guy and together they took the hard drive that had my crpyto on it. Roughly 4btc gone and I also lost my house and some other guy is living in it with her. Some douche bag SF tech bro who does nothing but create fake start ups for cash with prolly over a million in his bank, decided stealing 4btc of mine was worth the time. 
Yeah, it's my fault still I guess, but I thought it'd be safe at home...with my SO... who knew nothing about tech....
So I'm back in, put in 300 in the market and recently bet on LTC last night, so at least there is that. It's never too late to get back in an start rebuilding. I think I'm just gonna get a tattoo of my paper wallet address on my ass now though. Only way to seem safe. 
@_date: 2017-09-03 16:05:20
First and last time i used one I put in 40 bucks an after getting it to the exchange, I had 20bucks worth. Not due to viotality either, just all the Fucking fees 
OH, and another point. Until these things dispense cash, calling them an atm is dishonest. It's a btc vending machine 
@_date: 2017-09-14 20:16:12
Honestly, the wrong think with people is to just invest in bitcoin. It's a fools game hoping you're gonna get rich like the people did in the start, the real market is trying to bet on the next bitcoin/ethereum. While btc and eth will always be around, there is still lots of gaps in the tech that need to b filled.
I started funneling all my btc into ark, and well, glad I did. Ark has doubled in value while btc is heading to sub 3k. I'm sure btc will jump again, but when it does, I can just dump my ark for btc and then sell the btc at high point an buy back in ark. 
@_date: 2017-09-03 16:48:45
Well, I'm been in btc since 2013, so it's not a foreign concept I just picked up. 
I recently picked up Java an started to try to learn syntax for making every go, but I just don't know how to make it with the words I know. It's like you know how a car works, but you couldn't build one yourself. I also understand the hurdles I face, TX times an fees, which is why it wouldn't really be a btc app, it'd have to focus more on the quickest crypto on the market. Which I believe is a toss up between eth and dash for quickest confirmations. Especially once eth moves from PoW to PoS, if I understand it correctly, a proof of stake network will result in faster transfers. But I dunno. 
Also we have yet to see how how atomic swap an the LN will actually fix those problems. From my understanding... It sounds too good to be true to bank my idea around. 
And yes, currently there is zero instances of my app around. It would essentially be a bridge between two current systems in a way. Imagine if you will, doing for crypto what Uber did for cabs. 
At the location I have the in with, the pos they use already has btc transactions intigrated, but they never set it up because who's gonna pay with btc. Said spot is also a high volume area, not just like a mom n pop store. Avg btc volume expected to move through it would be roughly 5 to 10k. I haven't done solid math on that yet, I'm just loosely basing it off of a percent of the use volume they deal in. 
There is a few more larger tech issues with grafting my app onto the infrastructure of the starting space, but frankly I'm going to worry about getting a working proof of concept first and then work on integration. 
@_date: 2017-09-03 10:12:28
I'm actually just printing out the paper wallets and putting them in a copy of Obamas book, the audacity of hope. No one will look there