@_author: alexn1derland
@_date: 2018-05-14 02:32:59


I understand the urge to make rhetorical killshots to prove your point, but that's absolute nonsense.
@_date: 2018-05-14 05:42:45
That's entirely debatable. Once upon a time not too long ago crypto was about giving banks the middle finger as hard as possible. Times have apparently changed a little bit, to the point where people assert crypto = banking. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 06:08:43
Look, you're using rhetorical flourishes and I get that. But cryptocurrency in its most elemental form - bitcoin - is just a digital asset that is liquid. Digital currency. Companies that issue tokens and provide bank-like services notwithstanding, I can't go get a loan from Bitcoin, Inc. nor can I get a mortgage from Big Bitcoin. It's a digital currency/commodity, it's not *banking.*
You're conflating the term banking with currency and liquidity. There was currency before there were banks, many different kinds of it. You're also confusing the "macroeconomics textbook" platonic ideal of banking with banks and banksters irl. 
Banks provide liquidity (to some, very conditionally) and do keep money safe (in theory, with the cooperation of a government which can print money at will). Beyond that, banks engage in predatory lending practices, insider information trading with both other major market actors and the government, and are a key pillar of the inflationary federal-bank backed petrodollar system which air-drops currency to privileged actors and manipulates the economy/credit cycle at will. 
Bitcoin does none of that sinister shit. Its inflation rate is hardcoded. It can't be manipulated by the powerful by traditional means. No one can delete your balance because you're a "bad actor" in the eyes of the government.
This is (or was)  the culture and the practice of cryptocurrency before all these twee ICOs started coming out promising to bank the unbanked and be exactly like the status quo except plus blockchain. 
So your assertion that banking = the original crypto is wrong on several levels. It provides no banking services, it doesn't collude with the powerful, and its genesis culture was completely anti-bank. So, it's not historically accurate. It's not even economically accurate. It's a shitty metaphor.
@_date: 2018-10-21 18:20:23
"imagine if keeping your car idling 24/7 produced solved Sudokus you could trade for heroin"
@_date: 2019-02-07 16:10:19
[r/im14andthisisdeep](