@_author: alexanderrow
@_date: 2019-11-15 13:49:45
I'm really sorry, but this sounds so incredible to me to seem false at all. Can someone tell a single online seller in Italy accepting Bitcoin? There's none. Italians have no way to spend their BTC online. Purse removed Amazon Italy from its supported shops 1 or 2 years ago, they can't even use Purse anymore.
@_date: 2019-03-05 18:16:51
I would try to make the lightning bigger while keeping the circle with the same dimensions, it seems too little, but that's just my opinion
@_date: 2019-11-27 13:05:33
I'm the only one here to see some potential problem? It depends on how the software manages the change addresses. If wallet A spends some BTC and the change is put in an address that is still not managed by wallet B, wallet B won't see the correct balance. The change addresses are generated from the seed, but the managed addresses are not infinite. So if wallet A is out of addresses and generates a new one, its balance won't appear in wallet B.
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:25:45
When he says "printing" he's clearly meaning "generating with no loss of energy", that is the opposite of "mining" that is "spending energy for generating".
That's why we prefer to say that we mine bitcoin and we do not print it. Of course, it's figurative, but that's the reason why bitcoin is more similar to gold in its generation than to fiat currencies.
@_date: 2019-06-12 14:27:16
You know that there's no secondary layer of transactions because the algebric sum of all the transactions is zero (except for mining rewards). A secondary layer of transactions could happen only between completely different addresses, but that would be a completely different blockchain, and that wouldn't be bitcoin anymore.
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:15:09
I imposed myself to come here before checking the price. If there are neither lambo photos nor "it has been a pleasure hodling with you fella" photos it means that the price didn't change too much. In such a case, most of the time, I just start to read Reddit posts and forget about the price. Sometimes I check it anyway. That doesn't work every time.
@_date: 2019-06-27 20:25:02
Moreover, you can do the same thing by setting up a VBA macro in Excel.
@_date: 2019-05-14 20:59:11
I think that every new technology can be accepted by people if and only if they're able to connect the idea with something they're familiar with. Asking to remove every bitcoin coin image is the same as asking to remove every image representing a phisical letter from every E-Mail client application. you can say: "no E-Mail protocol foresees a phisical letter, why to use it? It's misleading".
People understand a new technology first in the way it is similar to what they know, then they're able to understand the way in which it is different. Is it so difficult to explain that the phisical coin is just a further logo?
@_date: 2019-05-23 09:48:19
Hello! I'm a computer engineer,  I developed a python script for checking if a key is a valid WIF address. If it is not, it proceeds by trying to substitute chars in the key for checking if the new obtained key is valid. By doing a lot of substitutions, it can find if you mispelled a char.
It is a simple python script, you can open it and read it in order to check that it has not malicious instructions. You have to install the python base58check library for making it work. If you think you're able to check and run a python script I can give you the script.
@_date: 2019-05-24 21:00:21
Thank you! That is exactly what I mean when I say that game theory is needed to understand bitcoin. Not for explaining why the price is going up or down every day precisely, but for understanding the mechanics that makes it go up and down, assuming that the players are irrational, so game theory is not useful for the purpose of explaining everything about the price, but it is a necessary background for understanding what's going on out there.
Moreover, I think that other measures are easier to be understood by game theory, for example, the mining hash rate. Miners act more rationally for sure, if they're not perfectly rational. That is something that can be understood better by the game theory I think.
@_date: 2019-05-31 14:44:57
If someone stoles the university private key in a future date X, or figures it out with a new algorithm, all diplomas issued up to X are invalid, as the thief can generate diplomas at will with any date on it.
If diplomas are on the blockchain, the university can change the private key and continue to publish valid diplomas on the blockchain, while past diplomas are still valid thanks to the blockchain proof that they existed before date X.
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:38:37
Any legal action will cost you really more than what is worth 1 BTC now. You just have to keep every information peacefully, in order to be able to start a legal action, if you'll want to, when 1 BTC will be worth the expenditure.
For the present, I can tell you something: people aren't able usually to accept reality by turining in on themselves preserving as a treasure a sort of idea that is always of the type: "I am right, I am the victim". That takes them to lose a huge amount of time, peace of mind, energy that has a value really really more than the material thing they've lost.
Yes, you've lost something and it is not fair. How would your life be if you just ACCEPT this and live your present together with this, instead of REFUSING such idea compulsively? Just looking at the rejection in your mind and saying: "I am not such thought. I am more than this". The answer is: all your problems will be gone in a single instant.
Do they have to give back to you what you've lost? Well, even if you're now convinced that the answer is YES, the correct answer is: It doesn't really matter a hoot. It's just money, you are more than this. Just use the situation to learn that, and you'll receive something with a much bigger value than 1 BTC.
@_date: 2019-05-24 16:52:47
Let's say it: the Bitcoin network is something difficult to be understood in its core idea. These are the scientific fields in which you need at least a general smattering, otherwise you're out from understanding what bitcoin is:
* Macroeconomics
* Cryptography
* Game theory
* Network theory
* Information technology
You don't need to be an expert of any single field, but it is difficult to understand what bitcoin is if you do not know anything about banks and how money is managed and printed. If you do not even know what is an encrypted message. If you haven't even the slightest idea of what is a p2p network.
How many people you can count around you that can be put under such profile? Of course, even the most of us at the beginning weren't under this profile. We just started by gathering information. Other people around us didn't do anything similar. And that's why they do not understand the Bitcoin potential.
@_date: 2019-05-24 17:20:14
I'm ok with Kraken and I really like them, but I also know their limits. They presented a lot of scalability issues in the past, and nothing makes me think that they won't have more problems in the future, when the number of users will grow exponentially together with the BTC success. I'm not just talking of the interface, but also of the customer service. Please be aware that they won't be able to grow at the same rate of the BTC price and users probably. That's what really concerns me when considering the idea of investing money in Kraken.
Anyway, in fact, there are other things of Kraken that I really like, as the complete and orderly interface, the low fees, and it's CEO is an active member of this community. Ultimately, I really want to thank them for their effort.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:03:39
I'm not an expert too in the field, but there are several mechanisms that can be explained by the concept of Nash equilibrium, that is the point in which no player in the game has interest in moving from because they would lose more than if they stay. That goes from the USD/BTC exchange rate itself, to the BTC hash rate, to other advanced concepts as the UASF, but these are just examples. If there's an expert of game theory out there, please if you have a minute to provide a better explanation than this it would be appreciated. Thank you.