@_author: alexanderdeeb
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:38:48
Well, presumably you do think it is more likely to go up than not, though, right?
As you describe it, I wonder about the inherent value that would cause the price to stay significantly above the cost of mining.  You can't use a Bitcoin for anything except as a currency, unlike a lot of assets.  Do people use Bitcoin as a medium of exchange?  To an outsider, it seems to be almost exclusively used for signaling purposes (opposing banks, being futuristic/utopian) or for illicit purposes (ransomware, drugs).   That would seem to imply a very low demand floor.
I mean, if I am using bitcoin, I can't imagine a situation where I don't want to convert it to real money as soon as possible, right, \*unless\* I am speculating with that value, right?
@_date: 2019-01-30 17:05:03
So you perceive the following inherent value in Bitcoin:
* Human capital invested in its use and success.  This seems speculative to me -- the presumption that it will become more useful in the future since so many people have skin in the Bitcoin game.  Is that right?
* Actual users.  This is a tiny amount of people, and it seems to me (as an outsider) that most people regularly using bitcoin are doing so for "permissionless" purposes, such as selling drugs or tax evasion.
* It's pretty.  This seems speculative as well: the idea that more people will use it because it's such a nice idea.
I don't want to put words in your mouth, but that seems to be a heap of hope and only a bit of current value.  Doesn't this suggest that the value-add right now from the technology is modest and will keep the price close to mining costs?  Or is the idea that the speculation will be enough to push it back up significantly higher, anticipating widespread further adoption?
Thank you for telling me about these things, by the way.  I am learning a lot, even if I am a little skeptical.
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:36:50
I agree that in its infancy, Facebook didn't have much promise in terms of inherent value.  Most of the time, it would only make sense to invest in a Facebook-like project if you can do so on terms that promise a huge payout for a relatively small investment.  Lay enough bets like that, and the few successes will cover your losses.
On the other hand, the fact that Facebook seemed very unlikely to succeed doesn't mean that all businesses that seem unlikely to succeed are a good investment, right?
As far as I can tell, wouldn't a better analogy be Google+?  A ton of people knew about it and could use it if they chose, but only a small group of people did, even with all the talent backing it?
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:46:22
Sorry, I just assumed (maybe wrongly) that you owned a significant amount of bitcoin!  Maybe a dumb assumption to make, since there seems to be a lot of interest even from people not in the market, like me.
Like I said, I was confused and didn't understand what was going on.  It's one reason I sold my fractions of bitcoin last year when it was at $16k, since I was wary of a situation where I was invested in a market I didn't understand.  Not sure I have good thoughts to share.
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:40:05
So you expect Bitcoin to hover at about the current price indefinitely, then?
@_date: 2019-01-30 09:46:53
This is the sort of thing I don't understand.  You're describing how it could either double in value or else crash even more, but you only give a reason for a future slump in the price: capitulation.  Why do you think the value is going to increase?
@_date: 2019-01-29 16:26:49
I have a general question, if that's ok.  Looking at the price of one bitcoin, it now seems to be less in USD than it would cost to mine it.  Are people mining bitcoin at a loss right now, hoping that the price will go up?
@_date: 2019-01-30 16:55:10
Yes, I agree that I do not understand what you are saying.  I have tried to parse it multiple times. I am doing my best, because this gets at the core of my confusion: why so many people who seem to be smart are saying that Bitcoin will increase drastically in value.  I'm not saying it won't, I'm saying I don't get it.  You *seem* to be describing what you think the market will do and a lot about the psychology of it, but I'm not following.  What mechanism is going to push the price higher?  What is the value of the asset in question that is currently undervalued by market forces?
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:39:18
You still seem to mostly be saying that people are interested in it, but not anything about its actual value (since people can be interested in things for all sorts of reasons, good or bad).  If you believe the value cannot be explained in Reddit comments, though, I respect that.  Thank you for trying! :)
@_date: 2019-01-29 18:20:11
Right, so wouldn't we expect the cost of bitcoin to settle somewhere just above the cost of mining?
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:44:05
I read your other post and this one, but could you explain a little bit more, please?
What is a "decisive break above 6000?"  That would seem to imply you think Bitcoin could rapidly appreciate to double its current value, but that seems at odds with your discussion of capitulation.  As far as I know, capitulation is when investors realize their losses by selling an asset, which usually pushes the price even lower (since supply outstrips demand).  Are you saying you're waiting for either a boom or a bust, but you're not sure which?
@_date: 2019-01-30 09:44:25
This does sound right, but stocks and bonds are worth something because they represent a share of a company or its debt.  Bitcoin doesn't represent anything except pure scarcity, so far as I can figure.  Maybe that's what I don't understand.
Does this analogy express it well?
It's as though scientists have discovered a new substance.  It's expensive to produce, but hard to detect.  It has no inherent use.  Now, while smugglers might start using Bitcoinium as a medium of exchange, there's nothing about Bitcoinium that makes it worth anything.  It's not connected to any human work beyond the work required to produce it.  So the value of Bitcoinium should tend to hover slightly above the cost of that work, with an added value coming from smuggler demand.
So if I were going to try to price Bitcoin, shouldn't I pretty much just aim to guess how much that added value is going to be, plus the future cost of mining?  But no one seems to act that way, which is confusing.
@_date: 2019-01-30 09:36:51
It sounds like you agree that right now the use is almost entirely illicit or signaling, though.  I'm not passing judgment on the morality of the various illicit or signaling uses, but that's always going to sharply limit the demand floor, right? Maybe I'm not following the train of thought very well, which is probably my fault.
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:29:34
We agree on the facts of the transactions involved, just disagree about what to call them in terms of connotation and categorization.  That's literally a semantic discussion.  If we call these transactions illicit, permissionless, or boggleroggle, it doesn't change any of the facts, only the emotional import we assign to them.  But I am seriously happy to call them whatever you want because of that.
Some of the things you offer as possible in the future are interesting, and would seem to justify a higher price than would be strictly dictated by cost of production plus current utility.  But it's hard to imagine that would spike drastically higher, since very little of this is occurring despite bitcoin being widely known now for years.  At this point, some such businesses should probably already be operating.  Is there an automatic prediction market?
@_date: 2019-01-29 18:19:08
Why will the price go up?  Sorry, maybe these questions are too broad, but I've been interested in bitcoin for a long time, and I noticed I was confused about some basics.
@_date: 2019-01-30 16:57:49
I am fine with any semantics, and I will use "permissionless" in this discussion from now on :)
So as I understand it, these permissionless uses currently seem to constitute a tiny number of transactions, right?  So you anticipate them increasing by orders of magnitude?
And of course, literally the only Bitcoin transactions I have ever engaged in or heard about from anyone I know personally were (a) my own speculation, and (b) the demands of a piece of Chinese ransomware that bricked a computer at a former employer.  So maybe my perception is wrong.