@_author: alexdanger
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:36:00
Your argument is valid and I hope the question is not downvoted. Its certain that many people outside of will raise the same question and it deserves a considered response. 
If Dorian is The Real Satoshi, he certainly does not need the money. But there is a likely chance that Dorian has simply been caught up as an innocent and confused civilian. This could put his family and himself in danger, not to mention the distress of all the media attention. In this case the money is of real value to Dorian, even if he does not realise it yet. The man will eventually figure out he has a $400m target on his back.  
**But here is my main point: Regardless of whether Dorian is Saroshi - when this saga does get resolved and consequently written up, how will it play out in the mainstream media?**
I see two non-exclusive narratives as possibilities:
 - The 4chan/Anon crowd go to town on Leah McGrath. Bitcoin is guilty by association. Bitcoin is for drugs, organised crime, and thuggish harassment of journalists. True or not, this will be the connection made in the media. 
 - The Bitcoin community jump to the defense of Dorian and provide donations, regardless of whether he is The Real Satoshi. The reason for this is that Bitcoin realises (more than mainstream media) how dangerous this allegation is for Dorian and his family. 
These are not mutually exclusive narratives. I believe they both have significant impact on the public perception of Bitcoin. If there is a real change that Dorian is innocent, the ethical thing to do is provide donations. Additionally, from a cold hearted yet logical point of view, the publicity is worth it. Its sort of like Pascal's Wager. Its a small investment for the small chance of additional safety for Dorian and the eventual public goodwill. 
**tl;dr - By the same logic as Pascal's Wager, donations are the right thing to do.** 
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:56:54
Well both of those would be great!


To be frank, I'm pleasantly surprised this hasnt already happened. It seems the horde is clever enough to wait and see if McGrath will implode from her own journalism.; 
@_date: 2013-09-24 04:11:36
I agree with your sentiment completely. When explaining BTC to noobs, I use this value transfer usefulnes to quash the inevitable 'sounds like a ponzi scheme' argument. 
Already we're seeing lots of services pop up (and fail) to facilitate BTC as a value transfer mechanism. Hardware wallets, online wallets, markets, escrow services, payment APIs... These are mostly analogous to services and insitutions that developed slowly in our 'physical' finance world. Its like watching 10,000 years of economic/currency development in fast forward. I find it incredibly fascinating. 
What interests me - how do you place a $ value on the usefulness of this value transfer mechanism? Central banking interventions aside, the value of a currency is influenced by the usefulness of that currency:
 - In recent history, the USD has been strong because you can purchase lots of things in USD, and some things you have to purchase in USD (ie, [oil]( Demand for USD currency keeps the USD high.
 - Australia recently saw a similar thing with the mining boom and mineral exports. This saw the AUD go from about 60-70c a few years go to hovering around parity with the USD now 
My question is - how do you put a number on the value of a currency as a function of its usefulness as a trading mechanism? I'd imagine its partially a function of the amount of money being transacted between BTC/non-BTC. And that is going to feedback with the market cap, volatility and the market rate for BTC...it gives me a headache just thinking about it.
I dont have any economic training, but I'm sure the above question has been asked about normal currencies. What is the theory behind estimating the worth of this usefulness to transfer value? As opposed to storing value? 