@_author: alexahamilto
@_date: 2017-11-01 14:15:55
Look up the classic corporate raiders of the '80s, they bought up public shares and took over companies to chop them up. Similar things happen today but they are called "activist investors." You are just wrong about that.
And to clarify, I'm not talking about failing companies like Snapchat - no one would ever want to buy that anywhere near current valuations - I'm talking about big companies that actually make money.
Obviously when people speculate on stocks such as Snapchat they do it because they expect it to turn a profit in the future. It is a cheap buy when losing tons of money and will possibly pay off if it starts actually making money - the real point of investing in a company.
Bitcoin will never make money. It will never pay dividends and it will never give me voting rights. But the hopes for all companies, even speculative ones, is that they will make money, they will increase their balance sheet and they will, at some point in time, issue dividends OR BUYBACK STOCK.
An example of value without dividends/voting rights, BRK.B:
This stock gives you no voting rights and doesn't pay dividends. That doesn't mean there is no intrinsic value. You own shares in a holding company that has real assets with real value. If those assets increase in value, people will pay more for your share of the holding company BECAUSE OF the underlying value of the assets. Conversely, if the assets decrease in value, expect people to pay less for your shares BECAUSE OF the underlying value of the assets. No one is going to sell you a share of BRK.B for less than the value of those assets - that is the intrinsic value.
You can pretend that people only buy BRK.B because they expect some greater fool to pay even more for it in the future, but there is a lot more to it than that. It is a value play. There is real value in having part ownership in the underlying assets - regardless of whether you can vote in shareholder meetings or get paid a dividend.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:08:06
So you started by saying people trade stocks for the same reason as bitcoin.
And now you're saying Snapchat in particular has no intrinsic value because of the share structure.
Goalposts moved. I'm done trying to have this conversation - like talking to a brick wall.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:52:08
This week's rain in NYC is already priced into the market.
@_date: 2017-10-31 21:24:29




This is the 'greater fool' theory. You used it. We all saw.


There are different classes of creditors and investors and, at the end, someone is entitled to the assets of the company. They don't just disappear when you file for bankruptcy...


Can't tell if trolling or really have no understanding of investments at all.
@_date: 2017-10-31 20:25:57


These are called bad stocks...but even Snapchat has some underlying assets which could be liquidated regardless of poor performance - an intrinsic value of sorts.
I agree that Snapchat is a purely speculative tech play because they don't make any money and never have - but there is still this small intrinsic value of Snapchat from their assets. When there is no one left to buy your SNAP shares, you can still divvy up the last few servers sitting around in their offices and sell them.
When there is no one left to buy your bitcoin, there is nothing left at all. The decentralized network has shut down with nothing to show for it.
Using the 'greater fool' theory to try and justify the price of Bitcoins by comparison to SNAP just seems odd. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 22:15:48
Except people do buy distressed businesses and sell them for parts all of the time, and they get very rich doing so. 
Also, people primarily value stocks based on the income statement and balance sheet which absolutely consider the net assets of a company. 
Either way, your comparison of bitcoin and Snapchat is half-baked and doesn't stand up to any scrutiny. Never mind talking about stock in companies that actually do make money, pay dividends and give shareholders voting rights.
Bitcoin is in no way, shape or form analogous to stock in a company, unless you are purely operating under the 'greater fool' theory. 