@_author: alexila
@_date: 2015-04-26 18:40:57
I'm the founder of Midas Rezerv and welcome objective criticism here.
It seems like we did a bad job explaining our business model or you overlooked the info on our website/press release. 
Midas Rezerv is not a company but platform for trading and payments in physical gold. Our company is Amilabs.co and we are blockchain solution developers in bitcoin 2.0 area. We are based in Thailand, but no gold is stored here. Gold vaults are located in stable jurisdictions like Netherlands, Singapore, Dubai, and Hong Kong. 
MR doesn't own or keep the gold. The gold assets belong in the trust and physically stored with custodian vault under separate agreement with the trust. If I show up at the vault doors, they won’t know who I am. 
Now, If you need to keep physical gold under mattress, MR is not your solution. We don't work with banks or bank vaults either. Gold is stored and audited by trustees and custodian non-bank vaults managed by Brinks, Viamat, and MalcoAmit. Everybody is welcome to do own due diligence once we are fully operational.
To answer few questions here. 
Storage fees are charged from user wallets at only 0.01% a month from NAV. But if you conduct transactions there are no storage fees, only 0.27% transfer fee. So it’s either transfer or storage. 
Withdrawal will require a minimum amount (1 kilobar) and will imply some fees. Those will be announced at due time. 
MR can change the fees, but I don’t think it would make sense to do so. I believe our current fees are quite competitive. 
Tell me when the last time the private secured non-bank vault has been seized by Dutch, Singaporean, Dubai, or Hong Kong governments, so I can properly address this question. 
Bank robberies have nothing to do with us. We don’t work with banks, as I said above. 
I’ll be happy to address any other questions here. Let’s please, just keep it real, guys. 
Note that Amilabs is still startup company, we keep developing system, infrastructure. And looking to raise funds.  
thank you.
@_date: 2015-04-29 13:05:50
To answer your question, Zyoman. How do you imagine secured vault can get stolen or robbed? Look, Jason Statham probably a man to do it, but in reality nobody robs vaults as the prize is too heavy to carry and liquidation means lots of risk. 
All gold in the vault is fully insured for full replacement value  at market price, with insurance contract published online and on the blockchain. 
Also, there is an idea to attach RFID chip to each gold bar stored in the vaults and have our team to monitor it and present reports by request. 
We can accept physical gold into the system, BUT it must be no less than one kilobar from reputable LBMA accredited refinery and, yes, we will have to test it for purity. We don't work with gold coins, or jewelry.   