@_author: alexandroid0
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:25:57
Not to mention, [look what comes up]( when you google "Dark Market." This name has already been used for highly criminal activity.
@_date: 2014-05-27 22:13:48
If you look at their Onarbor site, it does distribute out the idea of having a "gatekeeper." Centralized journals were useful back when the internet didn't exist. Publishing resources were limited: someone had to collect good papers, physically bind them together, mail them out, etc... But now, with the internet, the marginal cost of publishing a new paper is tiny - all anyone has to do is upload it to a site like Onarbor. So why do we still have journals? 1. To organize the peer-review process, and 2. To provide a means of judging people's reputations ("Oh, they got published in Nature, I will renew their grants.")
When it comes to peer review, I do think your point about market size is important, but not a dealbreaker - we have the same issue right now where peer review and readership are limited to a very small group of people in a specialized field. If we could incentivize switching over to a model like Onarbor, I don't see how the dynamics of specialized research would change. But maybe I just haven't thought this through enough? One thing I really do like about your idea is incentivizing peer review - maybe through a site like Onarbor, your comments and criticisms on other content could be rated by the community, and if you consistently have good feedback for other people, it boosts your own reputation and makes you more likely to get funded. Would be a bit like "karma" on reddit.
When it comes to grants and evaluating the reputations of scientists, I think we need to realize that very specialized or very basic research is never going to be completely funded in a free market model. It's not profitable on short time scales (usually not profitable within one human lifetime). But there's nothing about a distributed publishing model that stops things like NSF grants from being given out. All that would change is that publications would become free and easy to access for everyone (the most important point, in my mind), and it would incentivize more crowd-sourced funding for science. This would open up the door a bit for more diverse sources of funding.
I think using "stock-tokens" would be interesting but it might be a more complicated solution than the problem needs, and I don't know how much momentum it would gain. In a more traditional model, funding could be sent directly to the scientists, or scientists could join together into groups like "Cancer research" or "cosmic ray detection" and then you could donate to causes that you thought were important. I think this low-level crowd funding is the most realistic model right now. 
The major issue I see with your model is all of the input income is coming from subscriptions to a research journal. This just isn't going to be enough money to fund current levels of research. And it traps us in a model of centralized publishers who have control over the content and availability of information.
Sorry for the length of this post, I'm just rambling ideas. I have a lot of problems with the current model of academia and I think the ideas inherent to cryptocurrencies can be really applicable.
@_date: 2014-05-28 04:18:00


I don't think anyone donating to this expects them to cure all cancers tomorrow. The general public understands more than you think about how slow the pace of science is. OP has provided a significant amount of evidence that they are legitimately associated with the stated lab, and all of us are capable of googling them and deciding for ourselves if their past work merits additional funding. So no, there's no "insurance" like wants, but that's the whole idea of cryptocurrency - central authorities that babysit and guarantee us our money back if we mess up are unnecessary. Responsibility is placed on the individual to spend their money wisely.
But more importantly, these researchers are not just trying to finagle some extra cash for themselves, they're experimenting with new funding and publishing models. As you pointed out, the status quo for scientific funding has huge administrative overhead, is slow, and researchers have to make multiple interest groups happy. Yeah, the bureaucrats at NIH won't like this, but I don't think preserving inefficiency is a worthwhile goal. Maybe this exact funding/publishing model won't work out, but it's a step in the right direction for academia.
@_date: 2014-05-28 04:42:22
It will only become a popularity contest if you go with a kickstarter-esque model of 1-to-1 funding, where individuals donate to individuals. Why should that have to be the case, though? You could make groups, moderated through the same distributed peer-review process shown above, of things like "the 50 most productive cancer labs" or "100 most highly-rated nonlinear dynamics researchers" and people could donate to the groups that they thought were most important. It does put more responsibility on the researchers to explain clearly why their research is important, but is that a bad thing? You could have multiple factors going into the reputation of each researcher - papers published, how the community rates those papers (you could normalize by the size of sub-communities, to offset for small, specialized fields), how often and how constructively researchers participate in peer review, etc.... The popularity contest problem can be defused through technical solutions in how funding is dispersed.
The other thing to remember is that science is already a popularity contest. Basic research into modelling exciton dynamics gets painted as a potential revolution for solar cells. Basic signalling pathway research is linked to cancer. This sort of good-natured hyperbole happens every day when people write grant proposals. It's unavoidable. Right now the general public already implicitly agrees to donate to constructive research by paying taxes. Why not just take out the middle man?
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:21:19
It's not about fighting "the government," it's about making a product appeal to people who aren't educated about the technology, and have no plans to become educated about it. You're fighting the status quo, which is a FAR more powerful opponent than any government. The status quo will take any possible excuse to fight change, it's basic human psychology.
@_date: 2016-12-26 07:13:30
And for securing your wallet.