@_author: alexykot
@_date: 2014-04-22 23:18:52
hmm, ignoring all the legal part of it, considering only the patch itself and it's potential effect on the Bitcoin network, I imaging this scenario:
* a) this patch gets adopted by at least one big mining pool
* b) some fraudster realises that this can be used for cheap and effective double spend attacks
* c) he finds a suitable target - an offline shop selling something for bitcoin, something tangible and easily resellable.
* d) this shop accepts Bitcoin payments via BitPay app, as shops usually do.
* e) fraudster places some funds on the attack and executes it multiple times, as much as he can, to steal all he can get. Some of his attacks are failing, some are successful, depending on hashing power of that pool from step A. But overall the fraud is profitable.
* f) after several weeks of such continuous fraud BitPay realises what's going on and issues a press release saying that "because of change in the Bitcoin network rules they cannot safely operate zero confirmation trade anymore, and have to cease operation for all IRL shops that cannot facilitate a process with at least one confirmation".
* g) other payment processors follow them, IRL Bitcoin usage falls to nearly zero.
* h) Bitcoin exchange rate falls back to pre-2011 times, effectively devastating mining profits for all miners. 
* j) mining pool from step A carries huge losses and ceases operation.
I can really see this happening and can't see why it wouldn't if any of the big pools would adopt this patch. So I don't really think anybody will do anything like that, unless they are explicitly malicious and their goal is to attack the network instead of making legitimate mining for profit.
Am I wrong somewhere?
@_date: 2016-03-17 14:36:52
You have tried to sidetrack the conversation by providing an unspecific link to the general release announcement instead of a specific answer to a specific technical question. Your demagoguery attempt has failed.
@_date: 2016-03-26 00:00:57
Buy in person for cash. Easy in London, not sure about other areas.
You'll always find people willing to sell on localbitcoins.com, though in-person transaction will come at a price.
@_date: 2013-07-14 02:18:55
makes sense, but I'll have to go again over Rothband's explanations, seems I didn't get the core of it.
@_date: 2013-07-13 22:08:49
oh, this is interesting.
hmm, assuming that that article has gone through proper peer review and is cleverer than I am - I'm still not getting how fractional reserve banking is possible in bitcoin. 
My understanding of fractional reserve is basing on "Mystery of Banking" by Murray Rothbard, and I understand it this way:
1) bank receives X of cash from a depositor. 
2) bank gives away loans based on this X of cash, the loans essentially are just arbitrary figures on bank's accounts and are not representing equal amount of "hard cash", while treated like so by the public.
3) the amount of loans to be given away is Y, and Y = X*fractional reserve multiplier
in practice the scheme is more complex, but essentially it's like that.
If we have bitcoins here, then bank is not able to create arbitrary amounts of it using multiplier. It can give out in loans only the amount of bitcoins it was given and no more.
All the rest - demand deposits, hypothetical BTC certificates or bank notes are not bitcoins itself and can represent it only as long as bank enough certain trust. So derivatives from bitcoin can be issued by arbitrary thirdparties and will worth as much as trust to those thirdparties. This will be fractional reserve banking on top of bitcoins, same as on top of gold, but this will not be fractional reserve banking IN bitcoins.
Or do I miss something substantial here? 
@_date: 2013-09-11 18:41:54
Hmm, I wonder how they process LocalBitcoins issue? It has enough trading volume (฿1000+ right now), it does serve international auditory and trading there incurs no transfer delays. 
LBC is not the same thing as other exchanges, but it does comply to their rules, why it's not there?
@_date: 2013-07-04 11:52:24
Yes, bitcoin as an ecosystem attracts scams at the moment, as any new thing would. As long as it's new and working reliable ways of protection are not established yet - there is higher level of scam in here than generally on the market. But this is just a matter of time and maturity. With more systems with effective scam protection implemented overall scam levels will go down to average or even below that. 
I understand your reaction, but I think it's actually ours to solve.
@_date: 2013-12-04 20:24:29
I'll just leave it here.
@_date: 2013-07-04 11:46:20
Hmm, so you mean an organized group. One person is somehow tricking an honest borrower to provide him an invite. Then other scammers from this group are giving this scammer loans for six months to get that main account noticeable reputation. Assuming they're acting as a group they don't loose much money because it's just transferred from one pocket to another. In fact this can be all one scammer acting from many accounts.
Now assume that is is actually a microlending, and all this hassle I've described will allow scammer to borrow no more than 10BTC. Does it worth it actually?
The only real protection is making scam not profitable enough to cover hassle and risks. The risks for scammer in case of my system are low, but the hassle to persuade multiple people to support you and to get enough good history before you'll be able to get a good scam profit is high, so the total net profit of scam will not worth the effort, and that will really keep most of scams away.
@_date: 2013-07-13 20:48:58
what is the point for traditional bank in bitcoin economy? 
as a lending mechanism clever p2p lending will be more effective. Fractional reserve is not possible in bitcoin, there is no need to maintain accounts, it's all in blockchain. 
dont think a traditional bank will exist in bitcoin economy, but some other institutions implementing some parts of existing banking system might exist