@_author: alexskma
@_date: 2017-12-02 19:22:17
My mum calls it bitecoin all the time
@_date: 2018-03-15 01:37:21
Presenting opinions as facts is something which has torn apart this community. We have seen this in mainstream media, I would hope that this is something we can avoid as it will eventually lead to blind hate and divisiveness. A bit of fence sitting helps to see the bigger picture imo
@_date: 2018-04-15 09:31:50
Duly noted, I'll go back to generically slamming hope and pretending corruption doesn't exist at the top levels of all governments and banks
@_date: 2018-04-14 09:27:02
You are focusing too much on bitcoin distribution. I would argue that we are the ones who are fucked in fiats and housing and job markets. We were the ones who arrived late to the party and have to pay extortionate prices. People from the 50s are the original HODLERS. 
Bitcoin flattens wealth because it doesn't rely on a government to govern it. You don't rely on a bank to remain solvent. You take responsibility for your money. At these top levels, conflict of interest always comes into play, simply because power corrupts all. Decentralisation is the key to avoiding this. I would suggest you read further into bitcoin/cryptos to try and get a better understanding. Andreas antonopolous is a great starting point 
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:48:05


The only issue is that managerial level jobs and higher have risen alongside inflation, and lower level jobs have not. Alongside this, job markets are shrinking due to automation (and a larger population). 


Investments into the stock market (unless index) may be subject to survivor bias


This is dependent on whether you have variable interest rates or fixed (but this argument goes either way)
I feel like I'm bashing you here, but it's just that I disagree with you. I agree with you in that you said inflation is a cost of economic growth, but that burden falls disproportionately on the lowest income earners ever since 1970s due to neoliberalism. Personally, I think that cost needs to be rethought and shouldn't be normalised
@_date: 2018-04-14 16:53:41
I should have stated that this is the pipedream, the end goal. Not currently of course, that is far from the truth right now. The whole point of decentralising an economy is to stop the accumulation of powers, to stop institutions and banks from having so much control and ultimately being able to hold their entire societies at ransom with monetary policies that they never agreed to.
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:02:24
Can I ask you what you don't agree with? I mentioned in another comment that this is the end goal, I should have stated that in the original comment. I don't personally think it's going to happen, but this is what OP was talking about. I was replying to the person who stated the dystopian future, I stated the utopian future. None are realistically ever come to fruition though. 
I'm really glad you told me to seek medical health advice. Your comment was the thing that made me realise that I'm mentally ill. You're a saviour 
@_date: 2018-04-15 16:49:20
Dude it's not my opinion, that's what they aim to do. I don't think they will get there. It's not my world view but that's what they are trying to achieve, that's what is irrelevant. I don't think bitcoin will have a Gini coefficient of 0, it's basically impossible.
Also, I read this article. I'm not discrediting it, but it's written by citigroup. I can't help but feel like there's a bias right there. Also, the biggest addresses are all exchanges, which hold bitcoin on behalf of users. I would say that this is misleading to assume 1 exchange is 1 person.
The thing about bitcoin is that is decentralises through subsystems. Mining, users, exchanges, nodes, they are all separate which stops one from being the jury, judge and executioner (which is what we have now). A Gini coefficient wouldn't display this level of decentralisation. 
Bitcoin is in its infant stages. It's gonna be a bit broken. I see it as growing pains. Yeah it's gonna look bad now, but it might be better. I'm not a clairvoyant so I don't know. What is cool about bitcoin and cryptos is that it may one day shake up banking, and no longer allow corruption and mal risk assessment which is going on.
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:35:14
That's irrelevant, I said that it's the end goal pipedream, not what's actually going to happen. Can you link me this evidence, I'm interested in it