@_author: alfafaofgreatness
@_date: 2015-12-31 00:10:32
Core want a fee market arising from the block size. Any increase, any time soon, goes against this. There will *never* be developer consensus on this issue. There is certainly miner consensus, however: the hashpower currently agrees that 1 MB is fine.
@_date: 2016-01-08 14:36:15
Possibility of more anonymity is one key niche. Another might be cheaper transactions if the block sizes are not limited.
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:42:14
Bram Cohen, the guy who said:


But suddenly, now that it's popular, he feels he can comment.
@_date: 2016-01-19 13:18:01
The idea that wanting an open and permissionless PayPal is "silly"... Is just plain silly IMO. PayPal, VISA, are a scourge. The hope that Bitcoin can destroy and replace them as an open payment network has been my reason for hodling and using Bitcoin since 2011.
Does he not realise how much these organisations control actual real *commerce*? Is that really of no importance? To have a store of value, you need to also have free commerce to earn that value in the first place... BOTH are so very important.


Yet somehow, it's working right now. I paid a bitpay invoice yesterday and got my new VPS running, all in under a minute. With risk analysis, it works, and in many situations services can be retracted if the payment later fails.


Somehow, he thinks people won't just move to a different cryptocurrency, along with the large amount of investors/hodlers who see a permissionless global payment network as a thing of huge value. Block rewards will pay for security for decades. And in the meantime, research could be done on what *actual* amount of hashing power is required to provide "adequate security".


That's nice and all - but don't bother planning for the future, or anything. A double or more in legitimate commerce could happen far more quickly than any consensus on a block size increase. (And the question: "What is reasonable tx fee?" is never answered... If we cannot define that, we can never know if there is any clogging. Average tx fees are a direct result of the block size - we can't look at them alone and say they are not a reason to increase the size, since users may be going elsewhere.)


Excellent. Now take some thought as to whether Bitcoin's price (i.e. the thing that guarantees a miner an income) has any link to a hodler's speculation in the great value of a permissionless global payment network. Cripple this, and you might find you can no longer pay your electricity bills. But you may not realise until it's too late.


Largely irrelevant whether its appropriate or not. Miners control Bitcoin.


Only if tx rates had actually increased as fast as the block size growth. There's a fee market even with sizes under the limit - miners get to decide what tx are worth putting in the block. A large enough pool can hold this arbitrarily high, and you'll have to meet that if you want an absolute guarantee of being included in the next block.


It's largely unproven whether this would make things "worse". More growth as a payment network might in the long term mean more motivated people running nodes. And what even counts as "decentralised"? Compare it to the number of Tor network exit nodes, something else with massive use and a highly importance for having non compromised nodes.
In summary, these statements are called "facts" when they are just other sides of a coin, an alternative bias. I don't say he's wrong about everything - but I say he's wrong in his assertion these opinions are facts, just as Mike Hearn is wrong about Bitcoin being anywhere near dead.