@_author: alfabi
@_date: 2016-08-03 13:42:25
Sure, like i said in traditional stock exchange you fully own bought ( trough broker) share, you can trade it, vote and have dividend. However in forex market you do not buy a share but cfd (contract for difference) without owning particular share or comodity. We just talk about those difference :).   
   Correction: CFD not COD like i posted earlier (now edited)
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:03:41
You dont own a share, just a contract for difference (cfd). On traditional exchange when you buy a share (trough broker) you trully own it as you must register it to regulatory agency (same as you buy a land or house).
@_date: 2016-08-03 13:04:07
Correct. CFD is actually just a trading a price movemants of some company share or commodity without really owning it. Its similar to bet on price. Price movemant are not exact as at real regular share exchange and can be subjected to manipulation.
We could have same thing (cFd) for btc what has value only at that particular exchange when we want to cash out (withdraw).
@_date: 2018-04-24 17:40:12
Tibanne is bankrupt and has trustee who manage court supervised Tibanne assets and best interest, like Mtgox is bankrupt too and has trustee who does the same (other then Tibanne). Mark own 100% Tibanne, while Tibanne own 88% of Mtgox. Whatever Tibanne is parent corporation of the Mtgox is irrelevant. They are separated entities and third entity is person - Mark Karpeles what is also bankrupt (but can settle all with that dividend). Btc surplus in bankruptcy must be sold and sent as capital return/dividend to Tibanne and then from Tibanne to Mark as a dividend (of course, all tax are deducted). If lawsuit is filled from creditor, it will be denied as creditor only has legal grounds to get funds based on their claim amount. Director (Mark) libel is not yet estublished and even if is, creditor can get only max 100% of their approved claim amount (483$/btc) in either bankruptcy or CR. Actually Mtgox already filled the claim for damages against him for aprox 200M eur (missing btc) what pushed Mark into personal bankruptcy, but that will just again return (bounce or equilaze) to him trough Tibanne anyhow, as his sole Tibanne shareholder, or in other words, it all as dividend (not btc surplus) is bounced back to Mark trough and from Tibanne when is dissolved. Btw, Mark can be sued only in Japan, but again, creditor is only entitled max 100% of the approved claim amount, anything above would be dissmised.            
     
Mtgox users (creditors) bitcoins balances are not longer users assets to be returned as bitcoin (portion what is left), but its Mtgox exchanged (483$/btc) debt (claim value) what they owe to the creditors and Mtgox assets remaining 165k btc and forks value increase don't automaticly increase creditor claim value (483$btc) - these 165k btc + forks belong to the Mtgox and trustee can't give it to the creditor, but only max 100% of creditor claim total amount (483$/btc).
@_date: 2018-04-04 12:32:01


      
I started yesterday thread with direct question to Mark in mtgox insolvency disscusion sub about his plans and he has some misguided look regarding tax.  
       If he recevie this surplus as a dividend, tax advance is 40% but later settled on his final personal income net tax (20.4%) what would get him big tax return. Beside, when trustee settle with all creditors, what he almost can do with recent btc/bcc sale and no need to further btc+ forks sale, or at least not all remaining btc, Mtgox and Tibanne are not longer in bancrupcy liquidation and can resume business with this capital without requesting paying to the shareholders as a dividend. What I try to say: Trustee or nobody can force any shareholder (Mark) to receive dividend. If they liquidate remaning btc (by court order) even there is suficient monies to settle all creditors, this remaining capital can stay at mtgox for whatever time shareholders decide (at mtgox held bank account). Also, Mark can make us unsecured creditors Tibanne shareholders, but hes not obligated.
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:04:34
Wow, I guess yesterday thread I made with direct question to the Mark influanced him to make this AMA. Regardless, thanks Mark, and check tax laws better, will you? Advance tax on the tax event (or payment) is not final tax for either corporation or person what is settled annualy. Example: advance tax for dividend payment might be 40%, while final tax on net anual income is 20,42% what would obviusly make big tax return!       
If you as a person are bancrupt and you are, why your 100% shares in Tibanne are not liquidated? How long can personal (not corporation) bancrupcy proceedings in Japan take, is there a time limit? As Iam aware, straight bancrupcy liquidation takes 2-3 months. Civil Rehab for individual insolvency can usualy take 6 months until acceptence of appropriate plan where you can pay installment payment up to 3 years, if no payment court can gruant a discharge under special circustaments. And there is special conciliation what can take up two months. What are yours proceeding?
        
Btw, why Tibanne is bankrupt? Why Mtgox 88% shares what Tibanne have are not liquidated (sold to the best bider)?
What that 200M$ debt? Any surplus if remaining btc are liqidated/or not, under mtgox bancrupcy liquidation goes to the MtGox capital. Its questionable can this surplus regarded as a capital gain due reasons I start to explain in another thread, but it will be regarded as capital gain if its sent (transfered) from Mtgox to the Tibanne so you can collect your dividend share, if requested.(Can mtgox pay dividend to you direct out of their asset, Iam not sure as this is japan tax/corporate laws, but doubt - payee can only be Tibanne.) You as 100% Tibanne owner and Tibanne owns 88% share in Mtgox can get dividend only if its paid first to the Tibanne and enter reserved dividend from anualy taxed net corporation income/profit and then to you, what you (actually Tibanne for you) pay first 40% advance tax, but afterwards you get big tax return after anaual net tax 20.42% is been settled. Dividend is not paid direct by trustee under bancrupcy liquidation, nobody can force you to receive dividends, not even in CR (company in CR can make profit and dividend to the shareholder, its just supervision), surplus regardless of CR or normal business can remain at Mtgox capital!  You made mess with this corporation setting (Tibanne-Mtgox) from the get-go and assumed account btc/fiat holding as corporation/company assets what were not, not ever booked as such. Who even evaluated Tibanne and Mtgox as bankrupt? They were not actually bankrupt, btc/fiat holdings was not their asset/capital nor capital equity, nor liability because you could not use this funds in the business (example, credit or loan can be liability and used in business and btc/fiat was not liability as company can't use it), Mtgox was just custodian of these btc/fiat holdings! Did mtgox or tibanne paid tax based on these btc/fiat deposit?  Of course not, these deposit was not mtgox income or capital gain!!!(as oposed company profit/income from fees or from mtgox own asset or investments), so why would either you as an shareholder or corporation pay tax for capital gain or dividends payout when that wasn't mtgox/Tibanne capital/asset or liability to begin with!?? That btc/fiat was only in Mtgox custody (as a bank), not as your property/capital equity/asset. No company or person can make profit with custodian funds as they can't use them as they own - its not credit or loan or borrow! With liability (credit,loan) they can make income! Big difference and all is big mess from the getgo!  You were responsible for accounting and still can be hold liable for wrong doing and wrong bancrupcy assesment! With such accounting and corporation register, our deposits are shared and responsible for all corporation liabilities and debts as they are regarded as compajy capital asset, not funds under custody and we are forced the same as we loaned MtGox this funds, and its unsecured loan without share in company profit otherwise it would be different. In my opinion, you Mark should never declare bancrupcy as such company register and accounting, but distribute remaining 200k btc + fiat in 2014.  
            
@_date: 2018-04-05 08:34:34
MtGox was not actually bankrupt, not until they give back funds (what remained) to customers who are rightful asset owners, not MtGox! Those btc/fiat was/are not belong to the company/corporation! With bancrupcy and corporate accounting misrepresenting customer funds as corporate assets all this funds became responsible to any liabilities and debts, suit (coinlab) Tibanne/Mtgox corporation have. Why you rushed bancrupcy, you knew about these customer funds not belong to the mtgox, why you did not say, hold on, that not Mtgox asset/capital, just a liability as customer funds custodian? Why you accounted this btc/fiat as MtGox asset/capital when they were not held at Mtgox in this capacity or had business purpose?      
Why in your personal bankruptcy your 100% Tibanne shares are not sold? Why Tibanne is bankrupt? Why 88% +12% Mtgox share Tibanne have are not sold? Why you personaly filled for bankruptcy? Is it liquidation or CR? What your personal outstanding debts were/are so high what your personal belongings/asset/income made you insolvent so you had to fill for bankruptcy? You have lost a job as MtGox CEO, but does losing employment warrant personal bankruptcy? You can find another employment, right? That new employment income are not suficient to cover outstanding debtors?
@_date: 2018-04-04 12:42:09
I started yesterday thread with direct question to Mark in mtgox insolvency disscusion sub about his plans and he has some misguided look regarding tax.  
       If he recevie this surplus as a dividend, tax advance is 40% but later settled on his final personal anual net income tax (20.4%) what would get him big tax return. Beside, when trustee settle with all creditors, what he almost can do with recent btc/bcc sale and no need to further btc+ forks sale, or at least not all remaining btc, Mtgox and Tibanne are not longer in bancrupcy liquidation and can resume business with this capital without requesting paying to the shareholders as a dividend. If trustee or court decide current claims is all we get - its over for us. This remaining btc+forks liquidated or not stays as mtgox assets and then bancrupcy proceeding can still get switched to the CR, just without liabilities to us - unsecured mtgox creditors, we would be regarded as settled. Beside, Trustee or nobody can force any shareholder (Mark) to receive dividend. If they liquidate remaning btc (by court order) even there is suficient monies to settle all creditors, this remaining capital can stay at mtgox for whatever time shareholders decide (at mtgox held bank account). Also, Mark can make us, unsecured creditors as Tibanne shareholders where Tibanne own 88% Mtgox, but hes not obligated.      
       
Hear this analogy: person is held as custodian other people gold. Around 3/4 of this gold get stolen and person declare bancrupcy although he is not actually bankrupt because no gold of his own got stolen. Trustee use little bit of gold to settle and pay all persons liabilities and debts (house bills, bank credit, food,expense,gas, anything what he owes etc). Meanwhile, gold price goes to the roof, trustee sell enough or even whole gold and settle all bankrupt person debts and liabilities, including people who gave him gold at his custody,but with price rate of 10% today prices and pays the rest of the sold gold to the person bank account and bankrupt person is not bankrupt anymore. Why, because, he assumed gold as his ownership and make entry as such in accounting books so gold he got from other people is regarded as his own asset/belonging, not just as custody!
This is similar what Mark did, just instead of person is an corporation/company, but he blames bankrupcy laws as unjust, no, its his fuck up!      
       
If you as a person are bancrupt and you are, why your 100% shares in Tibanne are not liquidated? How long can personal (not corporation) bancrupcy proceedings in Japan take, is there a time limit? As Iam aware, straight bancrupcy liquidation takes 2-3 months. Civil Rehab for individual insolvency can usualy take 6 months until acceptence of appropriate plan where you can pay installment payment up to 3 years, if no payment court can gruant a discharge under special circustaments. And there is special conciliation what can take up two months. What are yours proceeding?
Btw, why Tibanne is bankrupt? Why Mtgox 88% shares what Tibanne have are not liquidated (sold to the best bider)?
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:59:32
Hear this analogy: person is held as custodian other people gold. Around 3/4 of this gold get stolen and person declare bancrupcy although he is not actually bankrupt because no gold of his own got stolen. Appointed person bankrupcy trustee/supervisor use little bit of gold or sell furniture to settle and pay some persons liabilities and debts including his trustee expenses. After some 4 years, gold price goes to the roof, trustee sell enough or even whole gold and settle all bankrupt person debts and liabilities, including people who gave him a gold under his care or custody, but exchanged to old evaluated rate of 10% today gold prices and pays the rest of the sold gold to the person bank account and bankrupt person is not bankrupt anymore. Why, because, he assumed gold as his ownership and make entry as such in accounting books so gold he got from other people is regarded as his own asset/belonging, not just as custody! That gold can't be regarded as person liability such as credit or loan are either. Credit/loan/investment can be used to make a profit or share in profit trough dividend, custody funds can't! Its special liability not involved in person asset/capital balance sheet.      
This is similar what Mark did, just instead of person is an corporation/company, but he blames bankrupcy laws as unjust, no, its his fuck up from the getgo!      
We should make a claim to the court to exclude this users funds from Mtgox/Tibanne assets as it wasn't belong to them! Its still possible!      
If you ask me what I would do back then in 2014. in your place: stop exchange trading,stop deposit/withdraw, review/audited btc/fiat holding and compared against users holding, called police to report missing btc, found that 200k btc (how you could forget), distribute remaining btc/fiat pro rata what is left (maybe only to verified users) trough platform and when all that is completed declared tibanne/mtgox bancrupcy.
@_date: 2018-04-24 16:57:14


Actually, Tibanne (trustee) will get 88% liquid (sold) value of aprox 160k btc/bcc and forks as a dividend after tax and only then Mark from Tibanne after tibanne bankruptcy finish will receive some JPY amount also after he settle his own personal bankruptcy and also pay tax. Then Mark can gift whatever he likes, but not obligated.      
        
Creditors only get 483$ (50k jpy) per bitcoin once held at Mtgox what is final &amp; binding based on bankruptcy Act and CR won't change that, but can allow somebody to aquire mtgox capital for aprox $400-500M (if buyer are creditors, their claim total 483$/btc is deducted;debt for equity swap) and can use btc+forks as they wishes, but they are not obligated to pay nothing above of creditors claim amounts (483$/btc).
@_date: 2018-04-05 08:43:54


Disagreed, not open to withdraw full balance but distribute audited remaining actual balance (~25%) and then declare bankruptcy! Those btc was not belong to the MtGox (wasn't mtgox asset) and Mtgox was not bankrupt. Bankrupcy made our funds just responsible to all of debts, liabilities, suit (coinlab) for your corporation (Tibanne,Mtgox) have, what frankly does not have nothing to do with our btc/fiat and you did not do any creditor favor, just favor to your corporations with declaring bancrupcy too early, before you distribute remaining funds to users! You Mark mispresented all users btc/fiat as Mtgox asset/capital when they were just under Mtgox custody and can't be used in the company busines. You fucked us with this bankruptcy and are main reason for a delay and dilution of our funds what are used to pay for your corporation debts! You watched your own ass, so stop blaming bankruptcy laws or coinlab suit or any else in future - its your fault to be in this bankruptcy situation when we could got remaining funds long ago in 2014.
@_date: 2018-04-05 21:33:20


True, he wants JPY.
@_date: 2018-04-24 16:50:52


Actually, Tibanne (trustee) will get 88% liquid (sold) value of aprox 160k btc/bcc and forks as a dividend after tax and only then Mark from Tibanne after Tibanne bankruptcy finish will receive some JPY amount also after he settle his own personal bankruptcy and also pay tax. Then Mark can gift whatever he likes, but not obligated.       
Creditors only get 483$ (50k jpy) per bitcoin once held at Mtgox what is final &amp; binding based on bankruptcy Act and CR won't change that, but can allow somebody to aquire mtgox capital for aprox $400-500M (if buyer are creditors, their claim total 483$/btc is deducted;debt for equity swap) and can use btc+forks as they wishes, but they are not obligated to pay nothing above of creditors claim amounts (483$/btc).
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:00:58
Usualy msg is encrypted with someone other public pgp key as only public key owner have coresponding private key to decrypt it. Mark should sign clear text message what can be verified with Mark existing public key.
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:44:57
why your 100% share in Tibanne are not liqidated under your own persoinal bankruptcy? How long can personal (not corporation) bankruptcy proceedings in Japan take, is there a time limit? As Iam aware, straight bankruptcy liquidation takes 2-3 months. Civil Rehab for individual insolvency can usualy take 6 months until acceptence of appropriate plan where you can pay installment payment up to 3 years, if no payment court can gruant a discharge under special circustaments. And there is special conciliation what can take up two months. What are yours?     
Why Tibanne is bankrupt and why our funds are used to settle these liabilities or Mtgox liabilities what we customers are not responsible? Why MtGox accounting made user funds as company assets/capital when they wasn't corporation assets or investment? If you knew about misrespresented customers funds as Mtgox asset, instead custodian, why you did not alert bankruptcy court/trustee and request these customers funds exclusion from mtgox assets and imidiate return to the rightful owners (mtgox users) what is left on btc wallet + fiat (pro rata) both in btc and fiat? Why Mtgox 88% shares what Tibanne have are not liquidated (sold to the best bider)?