@_author: alkali_h20
@_date: 2012-08-08 16:52:53
In comparing Linux and bitcoin, I am comparing the current bit coin algorithm with the Linux kernal, and the other stuff to the Linux based OS's.  Perhaps I should have made that more clear.  Even so, referring to Linux based OS's as "Linux" is rather common practice.
@_date: 2012-08-06 05:40:01
This has actually been talked about before on reddit in r/gardening, r/preppers and r/survivor.  Basically, water rights have been established quite awhile ago.  Further, the rights are based on where the water ends up, not on where it falls.  For example, if I acquire the water rights to a particular lake, it would be rather unfair for someone to dam up the river feeding the lake a few miles up stream.  I didn't buy the land rights, I bought the *water* rights.  In this particular situation, the water falling from the sky quite literally belonged to someone else, as it would likely travel under ground to another location which owned the water rights.  The rules differ depending on the location you live in, so one should probably look into it before establishing a rain bucket.  
Further, most water used in watering ends up evaporating, while much of the water falling during a rain ends up in the ground water.  Some locations prevent people from collecting rain water because they will be effectively taking away from the overall water available to the public.
Basically, this is a perfectly reasonable situation, and not a very good example of a implausible enforcement of law.
@_date: 2012-10-17 20:33:29
But what would you spend bitcoin on that you wouldn't spend fiat on first?  Given that most people would just use fiat money, serious merchants must accept both, meaning you have no incentive to use bitcoin.  Anyone selling just in bitcoin wil have difficulty selling because they would be targeting a very small market.  The market will stay low because people holding bitcoins aren't distributing them.  Given that bitcoin has no inherent worth outside of being a currency (you can't build with bitcoins), if it's not being used as a currency, how can it be of worth?  
Unlike with gold or silver, hoarding *is* a problem with bitcoin because destroys the one thing bitcoin is valued for, *transfer* of value. 
@_date: 2012-08-13 18:21:48
And you have relevant points, but jumping into them with no background explanation is unfair to everyone involved as your point doesn't get across, the poster doesn't understand what you are talking about, and most readers will be completely lost.  
I have seen you do this in the past and it caused a big debate, I am a bit annoyed that you are doing the exact same thing again.
@_date: 2012-07-29 16:35:52
Seriously man, change to a credit union.
@_date: 2012-07-22 23:55:08
Huh, I have never heard of this.  I'm mostly familiar with english, could you provide an english example or other language where "or" is inclusive?
@_date: 2012-12-17 17:49:06
Ok, this make no sense.  
1) Bitcoin has a finite production in order to increase value over time.  The benefit is that people can store money in bitcoin accounts instead of banks.
2) Raiding accounts that haven't been used in awhile is *stealing* from anyone who hasn't used their account.  You don't know whether it is an abandoned account, a long term storage account, or an estate asset that is taking awhile to be handed over.
So we come to a simple conclusion:  
* If bitcoin is at risk of loosing too many coins to mismanaged accounts, build in a system of infinite coin production at a rate that matches coin removal (little overall inflation). 
* If a finite value is an absolute necessary (even though we haven't really reached one for gold or any other precious metal, and technically we could expand into asteroid mining if we did), **don't advocate for stealing peoples freaking coins.**
"Bitcoin; a stable storage of value that we'll steal if you don't use!"   Not the best catchphrase.
@_date: 2012-04-02 17:33:43
Mentioning and using are two different things.  I am increasingly seeing similarities between bitcoin and most open source software (like linux): It is used within certain circles, it is utilized as an example on a (increasingly) regular basis, and it is structurally quite sound.  However, like linux, I feel as if bitcoin won't get adopted by the masses in its current form, and instead have someone else utilize the code to create a similar but competing system (like how android is to linux).  
Basically, although I feel that bitcoin is the wave of the future, I don't believe that bitcoin itself will be the system that catches on.
@_date: 2012-05-10 16:51:12
You seem to think that crimes and laws are absolute standards, this is incorrect.  A law is based on the social standards within each individual government, set and enforced by some entity, and allowed by the people.  In fact, in the US this goes from federal all the way down to city.   
@_date: 2012-05-10 17:00:35
Ok, while I agree that drug users aren't shouldn't be considered "criminals", as a pharmacy student I think there is good evidence they should be considered "of concern".  
For example, opiates basically take over the reward system of the brain making the drug seem more important than *anything* else.  So if an opiate feels better than taking care of your kid, and people are willing to kill to protect/take care of their kids, what are people willing to do for opiates.
Assuming that drug use is an artificial problem created by government completely forgets where the laws came from.  The drugs were legal at one time and cause problems (some times severe problems) and people wanted it stopped.*
*With the exception of marijuana, MDMA, and a few others.  These are still illegal due to public will.  But the public will was drummed up with false information.  
TLDR: Don't blame the government for doing what most people want, blame your fellow person.
@_date: 2012-12-23 00:25:19
I don't know everyone's logic, but I personally do see it as a bit unfair.  Here is my perspective:
Bitcoin is similar to stocks, in stocks you give them money, they give you a piece of the company.  They use the money to grow, and thus your piece of the company grows.
However, bitcoin is a currency, you use it to make transactions.  Thus, someone who goes long on bitcoin is hoping that others use it for transactions while not doing so themselves.  
Further, bitcoins aren't used unless people have access to them.  So, bitcoin hoarders want others to sell their coins (to facilitate increased use of bitcoin), while not doing so themselves.  Alternatively, they are advocating for bitcoins use, while purposely limiting its supply, in an attempt to increase value.
So this is less like investing in a stock, and more like buying as many first edition books as you can in an attempt to limit the supply, and raise the price.  
To put it more simply, buying stock does not require manipulation of other people, buying bitcoin does.
Still, this type of thing happens in gold and other asset sales as well.  However, advocates tend to be called out if they do not offer full disclosure (I remember this happened with Glen Beck and buying gold).  Most bitcoiners don't state they are long on bitcoin before advocating for its use, it appears dishonest.
@_date: 2012-12-23 18:53:31
I always find it interesting how two different people can see such very different view of the same community.  
[This post] ( is very well worded, so I don't disagree with it.  However, it can be considered advocating for bitcoin investment since it talks about increase in value.
I could grab other website posts that have been linked in this sub-reddit, but I think an obvious one is [bitcoin trader] (
Again, even advocating for increased use in commerce to one group (increasing demand) then advocating for investment by another group (decreasing supply) can be looked at with skepticism.  True, these are likely different individuals, but ultimately you can never know given the autonomy of the internet.  
Again, it's less about the people getting benefit, and more about the motivations behind advocacy.  I'm sure you just see bitcoin as the future, I'm sure most bitcoiners do.  But that can't be attributed to everyone. 
@_date: 2012-10-17 22:01:26
The only way to do it through mail.  You can always do a cash transfer in person.  That said, your point holds.  People using bitcoin for illicit products probably don't care if bitcoin gets more popular.  In fact, they may even be against it.
@_date: 2012-12-01 17:38:54
I thought of this.  Annoyingly, I don't have 0.02 BTC to test with.  Most of my BTC have been bought through coinbase.  I was just testing transfers with some BTC change I made through merge mining on my macbook (not very productive).  Probably should have sent half and half in retrospect.
The full transfer is recorded in transaction history, just not displayed in balance.  I just personally think all BTC wallets should display at least 4 decimal places, and probably 8.
@_date: 2012-05-13 00:35:00
It very well may.  But the position taken by most advocates is that bitcoin will go main stream, that it will be used by retailers and merchants across the globe.  If bitcoin takes "the black market to the next level" it will become associated with black market activities.  This will in turn make it difficult for legitimate merchants to associate with it.  This will then make it a target for government officials.  
Worse, there will be no defense.  Bitcoin won't be used for illigal activity *and* other things, it will be primarily (if not exclusively) associated with illegality.  This is a *bad* thing.  It will cause loss of public support and an increase in government involvement.  This is exactly what bitcoin doesn't want to happen.  
System D works because there is no universal medium.  If bitcoin becomes that medium, it will get targeted and destroyed, and System D will move back to cash and trade.  Your argument supports bitcoin in the short term, but I'm talking about the long term.    
@_date: 2012-01-16 18:15:21
Good points.  I'll keep these in mind.
@_date: 2012-12-15 18:58:17
It's a reference to Silk Road.  Basically, technophile drug dealers will spend their bitcoin in the bitcoin store instead of converting them.
@_date: 2012-01-16 02:57:48
I'll look into this one.  It appears that there are almost twice as many sell orders as buy orders, but that is better than most other places.
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:06:25
So the commenter is either stupid or manipulative.  Got it.
@_date: 2012-12-09 22:53:43
Well... you don't.  Bitcoin-qt is really more for the more technical type.  Most other clients don't require the blockchain download.  Even bitcoin-qt is receiving pressure to change the system.  I have heard the electrum client advertised.
@_date: 2012-08-27 06:04:02
Well, the real problem is you might not know who the buyer is.  Hence why you need to get contact information (address, phone number, etc.).
@_date: 2012-01-17 22:51:38
But bitcoin is suppose to be used as a currency.  That would be like saying USD or Euros should eventually trade hands very rarely.  This shouldn't be the case unless everyone does business with credit cards or something similar.
@_date: 2012-08-27 00:08:06
But this is precisely the problem.  I can buy music online then reject the purchase on my credit card.  Hell, I can buy food then reject the purchase.  The fact is *someone* needs to set up a basic proof of purchase system and take on of these defrauders to court.  If bitcoin can't get past a basic thing like "did you actually sell them anything", it doesn't look good as the currency of the future.
@_date: 2012-02-06 20:14:28
Ok, I'm less frustrated with my current situation(getting worked half to death just to enter a system where people don't actually appreciate you is draining sometimes), so I think I can better explain my point.
Overall you're right.  But aspects of your argument are incorrect to the point of being misleading/misinformed.
* Insurance *is* a major problem.  Healthcare was allowed to exist outside of individuals paying for it.  As such, it has reached a price where no individual *can* pay for it.  This is only minimally due to the government however.  
After WWII companies were on a hiring frenzy.  The US economy had taken off and workers were needed in droves.  Some companies were having trouble competing with others in prices (new companies just didn't have the capital reserve as the older government contractors).  In order to keep development from stiffing, the government capped salaries offered to an "average", thus limiting the bigger companies competitive advantage.  This actually "worked" (created more competition, more hiring, and boosted the economy even further).  
These companies were still in competition for workers however.  To continue gaining workers, the companies offered better and better healthcare plans; which culminated in covering pretty much "everything".  Our country got used to companies footing the bill, and our companies were able to afford it because they were making massive amounts of money.  This system didn't really become a problem until the recession of the 80's and 90's (and significantly so in the 00's).  Now, companies can no longer foot the bill.
* Due to the wealth of money available for healthcare, prices have gotten out of control.  The government really should have stepped in here, but people like their healthcare so...  
* Prices are high both because of decreased efficiency *and* simple costs involved in saving lives.  You're right that waste *use* *to* be rampant, but really not any more.  The reason prices are still so high is because many things have one manufacturer (which could be fixed).  
However, prices are also high because of guidelines.  Lets say someone gets a surgery.  Now the likelihood of them getting a bacterial infection are 1:2, however, with antibiotics, they go down to 1:50.  Guidelines will say that all people getting that surgery need antibiotics.  Well the thing is that this is expensive.  In this case the benefit is obvious, but there are situations where the benefit gets less and less pronounced.  Most doctors choose to go conservative due to both a wish to protect life at all costs, and a fear of getting sued.  Hell, many insurance companies are much more stringent about weighing the costs and the benefits, and people *hate* them for it.  Everyone cares about costs until it's their life, or the life of someone they love on the line.  Even better, once cured, everyone cares about costs *again*.
* If people were to pay out of pocket right now, it would be a nightmare.  Anyone outside of the top 5% of the country would literally wouldn't be able to pay for any of their more significant healthcare problems.  Automobile accidents might as well be a death sentence, same with chronic disease.  It would be more cost effective for healthcare suppliers to simply sell their wares (drugs, equipment) outside of the country.  I'm not even joking here, this case would really be an all out disaster.
* More costs are being shifted onto consumers, which I agree with.  However, you have to understand that this is a statistics problem.  If 1 in 100 people might get a disease that costs $100 to cure, is it more effective to charge the one person $100, or charge everyone $1?  This is question is really the crutch of the problem.
* If you are talking about innovation in efficiency, then that's happening right now.  Costs are being reduced, but people are also getting fired in droves.  This is the first time in awhile when a new Pharmacy School graduate might not be able to find a job right away.  You can get a job to be sure, you just might have to move to the middle of no where and take a rather humbling pay.  This is starting to affect Dentistry and even Medicine as well.  People saying these professions get payed well because they are so in demand are basically lying.  Depending on the situation you might just get overworked and put into crippling debt.  This really is a problem, as healthcare workers are getting mad.  It's only a matter of time before wide protests start to occur in this sector.  Nursing staff protests have already lead to patient deaths (due to cover nurses not being familiar with hospital policy).
* Innovation in procedures improves healthcare, but not costs.  Same does for new drugs.  We may be able to figure out a way to generate plastics which have antibiotic properties for example, but cutting healthcare spending doesn't affect development in this field, and the manufactures will still charge an arm and a leg.
* Finally, you have to understand the nature of people who enter healthcare.  On average, they don't like change.  These are people who have memorized policies, guidelines, and procedures under the idea that most things will be the same.  Telling them they have to radically change how they practice is not going to fly.
* Finally, people are fucking stupid.  I know this is mean, but they really are.  If you advertise a placebo on TV people will not just buy it, but demand it.  It's hard to keep costs down when people do everything in their power to drive costs up.  Scumbag patient: has a common cold, wants antibiotics.  People are about as informed on healthcare as they are on computers and technology; most people use IE because they don't understand the difference between a browser and the internet itself.  People are more willing to listen to Jenny McCarthy than actual trained healthcare workers.  The simple fact is trying to have the market regulate healthcare simply will not work.
I'm not saying we need to copy the European model, but the simple fact is having a centralized collection and payout system is the most effective method of paying for healthcare due to the statistical variance of disease in the population.  Further, this allows for more money for prevention, something people are simply unwilling to pay for.  People rarely face a problem until it becomes big.  Even prenatal healthcare required major campaigns to get accepted.  
* Basically, "other fields" aren't healthcare, and to try to compare them misses the fact that one deals with a persons health in a very personal way, and the others deal with a persons property, or an abstract notion of safety.  These things are fundamentally different.
* The biggest question is who should make decisions?  People in charge of treating (who would be motivated to spend more)?  People in charge of paying (who would be motivated to spend less)?  Or patients (who are uninformed, motivated to spend more on themselves, and less on others)?  
But again, sorry for the insult.  It's just annoying when people think they can tell you how your field should run when there are many complicated aspects of it.  Just from your statements I really have to find it doubtful that you are a practicing healthcare worker, and in the off chance you are, you must cater to rather wealthy patients.    
@_date: 2012-07-22 18:53:09
What?  How?  Are you telling me the price of a meal has gone from about $5-$9 to about $50 during the time that bitcoin went from a few cents per coin to $7 per coin?  If anything, looking at the long term trend date supports my point *even more*.  Bitcoin went from worthless to of worth over the course of a few years, fiat didn't do the reverse.  
Seriously, what are you talking about?  I honestly want to know.
@_date: 2012-08-28 01:41:42
I honestly think I replied to the wrong comment.  This has never happened to me before.
@_date: 2012-12-01 19:48:38
Interesting.  I wasn't aware that remittance played such a large role in so many countries economies. This actually does seem like a viable niche for bitcoin to enter. 
@_date: 2012-01-16 18:20:41
No blocks is an excellent point.  As far as speed, I entirely agree.  However, one does have to consider the conversion time as well (at least for now).  
Perhaps I have been reading too much speculative analysis and finding the real services available less than compelling in comparison.  I'll probably just buy a few coins, then ignore bitcoin until I'm done with school.  A lot can happen in a year.
@_date: 2012-12-13 19:33:04
I think the point is that they do *more than* book keeping.  Everyone with a full client records records, but miners give actual approval for transactions.  So, a bookkeeper doesn't necessarily process transactions, but a transaction processor will book keep.  As such, you might want to avoid calling a transaction processor a bookkeeper.  
As your link shows, "The bookkeeper is responsible for ensuring all transactions are recorded in the correct day book."  This has nothing to do with determining which transactions will be enacted.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:05:02
Perhaps I'm not being clear.  No one ever needs to know anyone is inspecting anything.  *My* bitcoin client is watching my wallet in the background.  *My* bitcoin client makes a transfer right after it sees **any other transfers regardless of size.**  The only think keeping the merchant from cleaning out my account is that I watch them pull out the money at the point of service and know (hope) that my client is working properly.
This isn't an online purchase, this is something at a cashier.  They won't drain my account right infront of me given that it would be bad PR, and I would (hopefully) only have a small amount in my "spending" wallet.  They *could* drain it after I leave, but (hopefully) my client has made the second transfer by then.  Knowledge of who is watching what is never known or needed to be known.
@_date: 2012-12-19 06:12:42
Actually, the comparison isn't quite accurate given that money doesn't require a PR campaign, we have to use it to at minimum pay taxes.  
Government issues legitimacy is a pretty solid legitimacy, bitcoin doesn't have that.  As such, how people view bitcoin is in fact something that should be considered.
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:11:25
Well, I did say "the problem as I see it".  Which I believe can be interpreted as "the problem in my opinion".
However, my justification for having this opinion is: 
The current activity seen in r/bitmarket 
The current activity seen on the bitcoin auction sites I have found (I have yet to investigate bitcoin-otc, so this one may be quite active) 
The closure of bitmuchies (I would think a site making decent revenue would stay open, or at least not be willing to be handed over to anyone who wants it). 
A survey on the bitcoin trader a few weeks ago which asked how people are using their bitcoins.  Most had held onto all or most.
Further, I have yet to see a significant rise in transactions after the creation of a new (non exchange based) service.  Transaction increases seem to be linked to higher prices and increased speculative trade.  There is nothing that I have seen to suggest otherwise.  
In fact, my question is asking the community for contrary examples.  Stating that "bitcoin can be used on silk road" doesn't do much to legitimize the currency.  Are there any restaurant workers who work in a bitcoin accepting establishment and can vouch for a decent amount of sales?  
You state that my statements are unjustified, but their is really very little evidence suggesting the *opposite* opinion.  I would like to be provided with some if possible.
@_date: 2012-11-21 02:24:18
How does bitcoin get rid of fractional reserve banking?  A bitcoin bank could easily implement such a system.
@_date: 2012-05-26 21:44:48
Very true, and I feel that online trade is one of the best markets for bitcoin (I despise paypal).  Even so, this still requires funding a bitcoin wallet to be as cheap and easy as setting up paypal.  From my experiences it simply isn't. 
@_date: 2012-12-23 00:11:42
Actually, given that some early adopters put in practically no work (cpu mining) to receive their coins, the likelihood of them "losing their shirt" is remote.  They could easily say "I have 10,000 coins, so I'll sell if bitcoin drops below $1.50."  That's a pretty big upside and a pretty small downside.
@_date: 2012-01-16 23:58:24
By "weeks ahead of time", I mean the time necessary to set up a exchange account, figure out how it works, wire transfer money into the account (after being charged by the bank and potentially the exchange), having the exchange recognize the money, and buying the coins.
True, for the experienced, this could likely take only a few days.  But for a novice I can easily see a week or two.  Just out of curiosity, how have you acquired your bitcoins if you hold any?  I have offered to buy iTunes codes for individuals in exchange for bitcoins.  No takers so far.
@_date: 2012-03-18 19:17:42
Ok.  So I was under the impression that bitcoin when from being worth a fraction of a cent to ~$30 to ~$5.  The first part of that would seem rather deflationary.  However, I have gotten into this semantic argument before and would rather nip it in the butt right now.  I know their are many ways of defining a inflationary/deflationary currency, and people get rather sensitive about their choice of correct definition.  What I meant was a currency in which the worth is likely to increase over time, not a currency which has had its amount of units decreased.  If you feel I used the term wrong, so be it, but my point remands.
Anyway, like you said "people are just going to hold their coins".  Again, the problem I see with this is that there *is* an alternative currency, anything else.  If people don't spend bitcoins, merchants won't see a need to invest in bitcoins.  Outside of customer interest, the only other reasons I have seen for using bitcoin are fees, and illegal activities (avoiding taxes, paying for illegal materials, ext).  While fees in novel, it shifts a burden onto your costumer (obtaining bitcoins).  Illegal activities on the other hand isn't a very strong selling point for most legitimate businesses that don't want to get shutdown.
My point is that bitcoin currently *is* experiencing a market failure because their is no reason, and no significant incentive to buy in or sell in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:18:29
But this is over time.  Bitcoins have fluctuated significantly.  Must we assume that all bitcoins were held in the form of bitcoins?  Given the limited ability to exchange bitcoins for goods and services, and the potentially volatile nature of the currency, this does not seem very wise.  Besides, I was under the impression that OWS needed money for provisions quickly.
This is one of the problems I see with BTC actually.  People keep comparing a previous trade to current market prices assuming the individual held onto BTC.  But if I need food or clothing, I have to convert to a fiat currency.  Why would I delay in doing this?
@_date: 2012-06-23 18:09:43
Which is one of the biggest problems with Bitcoin as a internet cash medium.  Many forum commentors can't find it in them to treat people like people.  Bitcoin will really need a third party to make transfers more secure, and of course that brings back potential "pay-pal" woes.
@_date: 2012-01-16 18:05:18
Your right.  I had read both responses before replying.  I believe I accidentally wrote this one catered more to the other.  I meant to say:
 
[You have a point.  But if the market is currently based on exchanges, why is this significant?  One would assume a donation would be converted back into fiat currency given its limited use as bitcoin.  As such, the main bitcoin benefit is anonymous donations.  As such, the donators can easily re-obtain "their" bitcoins in an exchange.  
This is a significant factor in fiat currency because of the difficulty of obtaining more currency.  I'm not sure how this is a factor for bitcoin.]
Anyway, sorry for the confusion. 
@_date: 2012-12-01 21:54:18
Err, what?  No, I'm implying that their is sactions on the importing of USD and Euro into Iran, and that this is one of the main reasons they are having trouble now.  I'm implying that saying they can trade bitcoin for USD does not address the fact that they have limited access to USD in the first place.  Finally, I am saying that *if* they had unlimited access to USD, the people of Iran would not be having a problem. 
The collapse of the Rial with no other currency to turn to is the issue.  Bitcoin isn't being suggested because it is somehow inherently superior, it is being suggested because it is capable of getting around sanctions due to its digital nature and lack of central authority.
Honestly, I don't see the point of continuing this discussion.  You seem to be making statements that are based on opinions/assumptions that grossly differ from reported facts.  So unless you can present some facts backing up your claim to easy Iranian access to USD, I'll bid you good day.  
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:18:11
Could you link to that year of Netflix thing?  I would be greatly interested.
@_date: 2012-12-15 22:42:19
This is the most comments I have seen in a tread.
@_date: 2012-11-24 16:06:48


Ha, good one.  But I think you missed my point.  Handing someone a paper wallet is not like handing someone cash.  It is like handing someone a wallet and saying it has cash in it.  For bitcoins, I can hand someone a paper wallet that has bitcoins in it, they can accept it, and I can move the coins before they can (after I leave).  This requires the buyer to have internet access even if the seller does not.  This is why third party paper wallets are more trustworthy, neither buyer nor seller knows the private key, and there is typically some type of tamper proofing keeping the private key safe.  Paper wallets I print myself are inherently more risky.  It's like giving someone a suitcase of money and the person can't look inside the suitcase.


I was just trying to better explain the argument, since it seemed you didn't pick up on it.  I agree that paper wallets can work, so long as they are used more like checks than cash (since checks can be processed quickly, and only change hands once).  That's why I posed the counter argument:
"A good counter is that paper wallets serve to help people who can't or don't want to carry a smartphone, or when a wireless connection isn't available."


It's nice huh?  I kind of want to petition for bitcoinaddress.org to add it as a type of paper wallet.  If I get the time, I might mock up some (no doubt ugly) samples.


I heard Finland was a really nice place to live, hope you're enjoying yourself!
@_date: 2012-08-08 10:57:27
I knew someone would bring this up.  This is precisely why I stated "for our logic's sake."  Basically, gold is available is a large amount of varying regions  in many different locations in the world.  It is not isolated to one nation or location.


Again my point.  Gold was in enough areas that even when people travelled to locations where it was not considered valuable, it became valuable through trade.  This would be as if bitcoin were somehow generated while playing certain videogames, many people would not see them as of worth until someone asked to trade for them.
Perhaps I wasn't clear enough in getting my idea across...
@_date: 2012-10-18 02:37:55
So if we are going to discuss, we have to be on the same playing field.  Otherwise the whole thing is useless.  From my perspective, people hoard in order to wait for value to increase, so they can sell/spend at the later date when value has increased.  This is generally how hoarding it thought to work as well, like in hoarding gold, food, toilet paper.  
So, based on the previous, saying "how can you make lots of money if it's something you're never going to spend (i.e. hoard)?" is painfully illogical.  In fact, it's illogical to the point where I don't really know if I want to continue the conversation.
But I'll still address your first question.  I use fiat because A) I get payed in it, B) I can pay the government in it (and they have guns and will arrest me if I don't pay them), and C) USD is far more stable.  It does go down, but it goes down at a relatively predictable rate.  
If one dollar suddenly became worth the equivalent of 10 dollars, then dropped to 0.50 dollars, then went up to around 2 dollars, I probably would be less inclined to use it.  Devaluing is a long term problem, lack of stability is a short term problem.  People who put long term problems infront of short term problems really need to re-address their priorities.
@_date: 2012-07-22 21:56:23




"Or" implies a binary situation, as in "one or the other."  Reading really is fundamental.
@_date: 2012-10-18 20:07:34
It would.  My point is that if people consider hoarding a problem, people can choose to do something about it.  So, "there is nothing anyone can do about it," is probably not the best stance to take.
@_date: 2012-01-08 02:24:55
I am simply unwilling to invest in bitcoin until I see it fulfill its primary function as a currency.  I am getting the impression that at least a few of the people invested in bitcoin see it as a "get rich quick" method, which troubles me.  
I have yet to see a concrete "market" emerge, nor a reasonable "western union" alternative.  Sure you can send money quick, but a method of quickly inputing money, converting to bitcoin, transferring to another address (the easiest part), and converting back into cash (the second easiest part), has yet to be presented to my knowledge. 
The pole on bitcoin trader showed that most people holding bitcoins have never sold.  The general comments on this subreddit are always "bitcoins are going up, were rich!"  Even on a bitcoin subreddit, people don't see bitcoins as money, they see it as a way of obtaining money.  Bitcoin is not guaranteed to succeed until that idea goes away.  Every bitcoin auction site I have seen has been dead as far as buyers.  
I really don't think that most of the people holding bitcoins really "believe" in bitcoin.
  
@_date: 2012-01-23 15:49:01
My point is that if decisions are made based on how much money they will make miners after mass adoption, people will consider bitcoin a pyramid scheme and not adopt.  The ability to limit manipulation of the financial system to the benefits of a few is one of the draws of bitcoin.  
Even if the code is attractive.  Someone can easily just start a new block chain with a more even distribution of miners.  Making decisions to try to make more money even if it doesn't help/potentially hurts bitcoin is a good way to prevent it from ever getting widely adopted.   
@_date: 2012-12-23 00:12:36
$100 in coinbase would be a better option.
@_date: 2012-05-12 21:40:01
I like how the comments say things like "take security more seriously next time".  I think many bitcoin users miss the point that things like this hurt the bitcoin economy as a whole.  Most people don't care that much about anonymity, look at the popularity of facebook and the unpopularity of anonymous.  Most people really do subscribe to the idea that "you have nothing to worry about if you have nothing to hide".  
However, what people do want is security.  When things like this happen, it make bitcoin look less secure as a whole.  The same idea occurs when people tell you bitcoins can be stolen right off of your computer.  At this point, bitcoin has no real draw.  Outside of quick value transfers (which are difficult to execute without a fast exchange service, and many users), bitcoin has no real draw.  
The idea that one day soon it will "take off" is laughable given that there has yet to be a viable reason why.  Unless the euro and dollar suddenly tank, there is no reason to use bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-06-23 02:10:14
While correct, you miss an important point.  Wikipedia is constantly in flux due to people changing to reflect "commonly held knowledge."  While this is not very important for things like "the names of towns", something like "what is a currency" is different entirely.  If this is changed and not immediate changed back, it suggests it is being viewed as a currency by a larger percent of the populous. 
@_date: 2012-11-17 02:02:34
Oh yeah.  I'm not saying it's a flaw or anything, I like how it's handled in bitcoin.  My point is that people always quote no charge-backs as a feature, and I can think of many situations where this would be considered a downside.  I think "sane charge-back handling" would be a more reasonable comment.
@_date: 2012-07-22 22:12:07


I'm not trying to sound right and smart, I'm making points and defending them.  That's kind of how discussions work.


This isn't true.  Bitcoin exists as a proof of concept for a true crypto-currency system.  This idea has been around for awhile, bitcoin is the first working implementation.  Further, bitcoin has issues, how it will scale is one of them (but this isn't a discussion of the pros and cons of bitcoin so I will drop this point).  The reason bitcoin has value right now is because people are gambling on it.  While there are legitimate businesses based on bitcoin, trading, hoarding, and prospecting are some of the major drivers of value right now.  This has nothing to do with "deep cons."  Hell, exchanges are one of the biggest development points in bitcoin, and they are fully dependent on fiat currency to exit.  
Basically you are displaying the very point I would like to have stopped.  While bitcoin can change the current money system, that is not why it exists.  It exists to prove the possibility of cryptocurrency.  Further, bitcoin won't really get established until many of the systems currently in place support bitcoin.  Most people (including me) don't *want* to be their own bank.  I don't want to worry about security and encryption and loosing everything due to a fried harddrive or lost password.  I *like* having a bank, I *like* having costumer service, and I *like* gaining interest on my accounts.  Being my own bank doesn't guarantee any of those things.  
Finally, if you think the destruction of the current banking or government system will make anything better within the next 20 years, you are dreaming hard.  The fact is if/when the current system falls, shit will get really bad really fast.  No police, destroyed roads, few protections of liberties, etc.  I understand wanting to topple a oppressive system like some governments have in the world, but most first world dwellers who advocate for this don't really know what the hell they are talking about.  If you are in the US, try moving to detroit for awhile.  That should give you a taste of what a toppled system would be like.
@_date: 2012-01-04 18:20:07
There has been research into this, though I can't find a link right now :/
Anyway, less people donate than pay taxes even though donated abouts are often larger.  Further, people tend to donate less of their total income as they get more wealthy.  So basically, taxes can generate more revenue while collecting less by collecting from a larger pool of people.
So while your argument about morality may be right, most people are actually assholes from a moral standpoint, yet we still need society to work.
@_date: 2012-07-29 16:57:38
True.  However, even if bitcoin became the dominant currency, I would still rather keep it in a bank I trust.  One, they could better insure I don't lose everything in a fire (I would rather not keep encryption keys saved in 20 random locations).  Secondly, they allow me to invest and gain interest.  Finally, help protect me from theft.  
Bitcoin does give people the opportunity to be their own bank, but most people don't have the time or expertise to do so correctly.  Do you really think a doctor working 80+ hours a week wants to play around with encryption, cold storage, and multiple signing?  Personally, I think they would value connivence.
@_date: 2012-10-18 02:21:16
True, *and* you would need a internet connection and actively running client at home.  That said, people trusted checks when check forgery was easy.  Further, in a small community, it would be rather obvious who ripped you off.  If the baker down the street pulled out more money than was agreed upon, it would be the same as overcharging a credit card (which does happen).  You would confront them on it, or bring it up with the local authorities.
This system might  use in other situations as well.  For example, a bitcoin organization could offer bitcoin "credit cards" that cycles through bitcoin private keys in a pre-set fashion.  Each wallet has a preset limit on the amount it holds, and if one charges less than the limit it rolls into another account.  If someone charges more, there is a paper record through the receipt.  
@_date: 2012-08-13 17:55:52
Ok, thanks for correcting that, back to civil.  I believe the commenter is refering to the idea posted in the bitcoin *[wiki](  There is no reference to money supply, only money available in the market (which goes down as a direct result of hoarding).  This is also the Keynesian explanation to my understanding.
i.e money available in the market goes down as a result of hoarding, not money hoarding is a response to the money supply going down (though this argument has been made as well).
@_date: 2012-11-03 17:05:33


Erh, what?  If this was true, why would anyone sell through ebay, etzy, amazon market, or any other online retail system.  These systems tend to have checks in place that allow me to sell say, my lcd screen.  Someone can't just go through the entire ebay process then say "yep, never got it."  
Don't get me wrong, I'm sure it happens on occasion, but not to the extent that it in any way hinders merchants from using the services.
So, someone could sell an object worth about $20 - $30 for $30 (or about 3btc), but offer a rebate of 0.5btc (or about $5), so they are really selling it for $25 (or about 2.5BTC).  
This would allow them to sell through Amazon market or use paypal/google wallet because it would be a legitimate object selling for a legitimate price.
However, I thought the issue with bitcoin was that paypal/google wallet/credit cards would reverse the payment because a buyer could easily say they it was a fraudulent charge.  If this isn't the case, then I'm completely mistaken.  
But please tell me, if reversal of CC payments on physical goods is such a major problem, how the held do merchants currently survive taking credit card?
Edit: Also, if they aren't offering a credit card/paypal/google wallet method of payment, why show prices in USD?
@_date: 2012-12-19 20:38:51
Good point (to a degree).  However, this would still not be an accurate comparison because Bitcoin advocacy is targeting the general population (as in merchants and consumers) where as your example is targeting leadership of various countries (as in trying to get them to not create their own fiat and move away from the Euro).  
The difference between these groups is significant, especially when we go back to the context of my *original comment,* which was that an association with illegal activity can hurt bitcoin much more than it can a fiat currency with government issued legitimacy.
I'm sure we can nitpick words and get into an argument for the sake of argument, but I would much rather focus on the topic and context at hand (i.e. how much association with illegal activity can hurt bitcoin in comparison to fiat). 
 
@_date: 2012-01-08 05:16:48
Oh, I know it works as currency.  Quite well actually.  What I meant was that I think a larger amount of bitcoin holders use them as a storage of value (hoarding) rather than a method of value exchange.  Even the methods that you described are changing cash into bitcoins, not using bitcoins to purchase goods and services.  When an actively used bitcoin "ebay" comes about, then we will be going places.
@_date: 2012-07-22 16:40:02
Not sure if you saw my other post, but I used it to point out that individuals won't be using these much.  Merchants will however.  A merchant would have to be relatively established for people to trust these bills (like a local dive bar).  Further, these would really only get handed out when/if the costumer didn't have an internet connected device, or a paper public address for receiving coins.  I would think that anyone dealing in  bitcoin on the regular would have one of these things.  
As such, "bills" would be largely and advertisement for bitcoin and potentially the merchant.  That said, I agree that the bills have to be easy on the ink.  I just think that artwork which conveys trust is important as well.
I was actually more interested in the proposed bitcoin "[checkbook](  That could be useful for people who don't want to bring a phone, or in areas with land line connections for the merchant, but no wireless connections for the consumer.
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:37:17
Again, I was explaining why people would suspect bitcoin advocates, why this suspension is ultimately irrational, and why it takes some people a while to realize this.  The point is that nobody cares that bitcoiners may make money, people care because they think bitcoiners will make money *at the expense of others.*  This is why people keep calling it a ponzi scheme even when it isn't.
This was an analysis of rational.  What are you trying to prove with your comment exactly?
@_date: 2012-01-16 23:50:28
Actually, if  is true, it doesn't really help my concern.  
@_date: 2012-12-09 21:41:51


Nope.  The issue is not about conducting transactions.  The issue is decentralization.  If everyone (or at least a lot of people) has a copy of the blockchain, we know it is not being manipulated.
However, if a small amount of entities involved in financial transactions supply the block chain to everyone, the system gets more and more centralized.  Thus, having a few entities certify the blockchain, somewhat defeats the purpose of the blockchain (i.e. not needing to trust anyone).
@_date: 2012-10-18 19:37:06
Well, as was pointed out in another post, color coins could be used to sanction/reject coins from accounts deemed to be hoarding.  So something *could* be done.
@_date: 2012-01-29 20:15:40
But this means little unless you were an early adopter.  Besides, bitcoin price is being affected by decidedly different market forces now than then.
@_date: 2012-01-08 05:10:38
Your make correct points, however, your overall conclusion is highly flawed.  I'm just going to number this for ease of organization:  
1. New adoption in healthcare is a *bad* idea.  As a patient, you never want to get the newest thing because you are basically being used as a guinea pig.  The only times when this is not true is for difficult to treat or incurable diseases, when new treatments are basically your best option because the other option is death.
2. The US does have the best technology and research.  Many other countries use data from the US to evaluate new treatments and protocols because we adopt them much quicker.  This results in both lives saved when we get it right, and lives lost when we don't.  An example is that we lead the western world in ordering CT scans.  We are also now the first nation showing links between cancer and CT scans.  New and innovative does not correlate to lives saved in healthcare.
3. Prevention is the key to healthcare.  It is easier to apply a steady pool of money (taxes) to prevention than to treatment.  It has been proven multiple times that chronic disease patients do better when consistently followed at home by a nurse or nurse practitioner.  This has also proven to be cheaper than taking the patient back to the hospital for acute care.  In fact, many patients actually live longer on hospice services that a similar patient not on hospice (a terminally ill patient care program that offers home visits one to several times a month).  There is actually a system of taking patients of hospice because patient survival had become a "problem".  The reason a beter system isn't used is because no one will reimburse for it.  The reason no one will reimburse for it is because the people in charge don't understand the benefits of prevention.  They associate "care" with "hospitals".
4. We are actually "better" at everything.  The US developed most antibiotics, chemotherapy drugs, and heart medications.  You know who funded it?  You did.  Almost all of it was payed with INH funds.  Industry jumped in and developed these products after they proved viable.  This wouldn't be so bad if the government didn't then allow industry to patent and monopolies there use for years.  While industry does pay for some treatment developments, many are funded by the government.  Do you think "City of Hope" gets most of its money from big Pharma?
The reason "socialized" healthcare "works" has nothing to due with the funding source.  In fact, taxes are roughly the same as just paying for insurance.  The difference is that most western socialized systems allow heathcare professionals to make clinical decisions.  Our system more often than not puts the decision in the hands of "analysts".
Further, it creates a systematic approach to healthcare similar to our road system.  Sure roads could be managed better, but if every road was privately owned, it would be a mess.  
Further, education costs are through the roof, and most US Doctors now days think they deserve to get payed more for their suffering and so charge as much as possible.  Other countries do have vastly different dynamics than the US, but none of that should justify our hospital readmission rate, or our infant mortality rate, or our life expectancy.  Canada for example spends more each year on prescription drugs than the US, yet saves more overall on healthcare.  Why?  Because the drugs are used for prevention.
You bring up good points, but your conclusion is poor.  In our system, you get the best care if you can pay for it.  However, a rattlesnake bite can end up costing you one million dollars (literally, look up snake venom antidote costs).  A better approach is to pool resources over a much larger base and utilize a central planning method.  We may not develop the "best" technology that way, but more people would live longer, healthier lives.  I think that is the ultimate goal.     
@_date: 2012-10-20 10:58:38


Which is why I think bitcoin is of benefit.  I've never said it isn't.


Which is why I've stated that it would be a bad decision for Iran to adopt bitcoin.
My only other point is that the simple dismissal of hoarding as a problem is illogical if bitcoin is to be widely adopted in the near future.  Under the idea of a slower, constant increase in adoption, hoarding is not a problem.
So let me get this straight.  You took a specific post, countering a specific post about how a specific action should be taken within a relatively specific time-frame to be my general opinion of bitcoin?  Then used my arguments against this very specific thing to label me a concern troll (confidence troll was a typo, I was thinking of confidence man).  Then you state that while my points may apply for a specific situation, they do not deter from the general benefits of bitcoin?
WTF?!  What has all this even been about?  You don't disagree with my point that Iran shouldn't adopt bitcoin, but you disagree with how I argued it (even though you sort of agree with it)?   You don't like that I'm saying that hoarding is an issue if bitcoin is to be widely adopted in the near future, even though you agree that bitcoin is too young to be considered stable?
What I'm reading is that you just don't like it when people say negative things about bitcoin because it might convince others that bitcoin is a bad idea.  No evaluation of context, no evaluation of the actual points be made.  No, negative thing being said equals bad man.  Wow, this is some "disagreeing with the president makes you a terrorist" level stuff right here.
It's amazing how reddit can make otherwise intelligent people go full retard. 
@_date: 2012-03-18 10:18:00
Err, this under states the problem a bit.  Goods and services that bitcoiners want are not being offered at the price they are willing to pay because that price is often lower than the trade value of bitcoin.  I have seen multiple times people try to under pay in bitcoin on the basis that "it will go up in value".  This is the exact opposite of what was argued would happen with a deflationary currency. 
Now, sellers can't just price at the current trading value, they have to price at the perceived future value as well.  Worse, without a viable market, people are practically forced to value bitcoin in some other currency, so people are constantly looking at how much they "made" by investing in bitcoin.
So I would argue that this is in fact a failure of the market.  Not necessarily a uncorrectable failure mind you, but a failure none the less.
@_date: 2012-03-18 20:34:59
See, this is exactly what I mean.  Keynesian economics (which is the main one taught to the US college population) states deflation as the drop in the cost of products in relation to a currency.  Trying to force opinion on how a word should be used is utterly useless unless you pose a national campaign.  It's like saying a measurement is wrong because it's in imperial instead of metric.  You can say I'm wrong, and I can say you should acknowledge there are people who disagree with you. 
The definition you use honestly only works in a few sites on the internet in my experience.  The definition I gave is the one taught in most classical high school and college courses.  Even [wikipedia]( supports it.  You say I won't be understood when the majority of people use the definition I gave.  The subset of libertarians who think differently should probably at least acknowledge the alternative definition. 
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:42:51
This.  Plus internet services require a robust escrow system.   And of course (from my experience) many people simply don't sell, which goes back to my original question.
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:15:47


This is an opinion, and a poorly thought out one at that.  The official reason, and the evidence supporting that reason was the instability of gold due to changes in mine production, and the difficulty in keeping enough gold on hand to back the currency pool considered necessary.  The unofficial/official reason was so the the government/private sector could have more control of the market in order to cool off overheating economies and heat up cooling economies.
If the government just wanted to steal peoples money, they would just raise taxes.  You know, since they can do that whenever they want.  If one was to argue anything it should be that the government wanted more control over the finances of its citizens.  "Stealing money" is a childishly simple interpretation of moving off of the gold standard.
I need to stop looking for reasonable discussions on reddit.
@_date: 2012-12-13 19:27:48
I have never thought about the fact that phones don't have dials anymore.  I have always associated "dial" with "input," not the circular interface system.  Thanks for pointing this out.
@_date: 2012-08-13 16:31:42
Please say "in Austrian economics" before making these statements.  Otherwise it is just confusing.  Keynesian economics uses deflation/inflation to refer to pricing, and expansion/contraction to refer to money supply.  It's ok if you don't prefer this, but don't assume your model is absolute truth, or that everyone else knows which model you are referring to. 
@_date: 2012-01-16 01:59:01
The problem as I see it however is that people aren't actually taking advantage of these services.  It's one thing to offer payments in Bitcoin, it's another to actually receive them from costumers.  There were arguments on how bitcoins deflationary tenancy will cause hoarding, and there were plenty of arguments proving this wrong.  However, all arguments aside, it appears to me that hoarding to gain profit is becoming a major driver in BTC price and acquisition.  However, my fear is that this will lead to another bubble burst. 
@_date: 2012-07-30 22:49:54
I would more compare bit coin to digital download than piracy. 
@_date: 2012-10-19 05:11:26
Of course, the speed at which people can sell off a currency is the same rate at which a country can sell off bonds.  Lets completely forget that countries negotiate with other countries before selling bonds, have many people involved in the decision, have to go through a multistep process to actually sell, and can cause sanctions or even war with other countries when they do so.  Lets completely forget that a massive sell off among individuals is the main cause of the housing collapse within the US, proving that people can easily panic and do things outside of their own interests.  Lets forget all that and make a dumb as hell equivalence because it agrees with your self interests.  
Stupidity like this is why people will continue to distrust bitcoin for a long time, hindering its adoption.
@_date: 2012-01-16 02:05:31
True, but I haven't seen a significant amount actually donated.  The last time I checked, even wiki-links hadn't received a significant amount of bitcoin donations.
@_date: 2012-12-31 03:45:29
The argument is if bit coin is the dominant currency, and is capped at 21 million, there will be an issue with distribution of supply.  This happened on a consistent basis during the gold standard.  
Basically, if you hold coins, and people want coins, coins go up in price.  However, society now works on investments due to the increasing complexity of projects.  So an investment would have to perform better than hoarding.  This makes investment more difficult.
Honestly, a currency with no inflation or deflation would be the best IMO.
@_date: 2012-10-17 21:42:14
True, but bitcoins adoption in the future is dependent on its adoption in the present.  If there are no coins available, people will keep using fiat until something drastic/major happens.  
In fact, IMHO this is why so many promoters of bitcoin constantly comment on perceived (or real) economic disasters.  They want people to be forced into using bitcoin as a result of a collapse in the competition, not to simply choose bitcoin due to its superior features.
@_date: 2012-11-24 16:16:12
I have to give my endorsement for this service (just used it to get my first bitcoins).  While the $100 cap is a bit annoying, it does allow one to dip their feet in bitcoin.  It takes about 3 days from set up to your first purchase if you don't give your bank login.  Some might consider this a bit long, especially if bitcoin jumps in the time between. 
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:09:28


Incorrect, bitcoin was easy to come by when initially mined.  People mined it on laptops for crying out loud.  Needless to say, opportunity costs were low.  Many of the bitcoins mined have never been transfered, i.e. they are theoretically still with the original miner.
@_date: 2012-09-23 16:06:22
How successful have people been with that?  I have been monitoring the site for similar reasons and don't see many sells occur.
@_date: 2012-12-31 08:57:34
I know a lot of ventures now require more money than a few individuals can pool, and they may not provide dividends that beat deflation.  Also, I work in healthcare, almost every niche market is about money.
@_date: 2012-06-23 02:05:12
But this is motivation to not spend money which leads to lack of currency availability, and low velocity.  A difficult to acquire currency is not a good currency.  If you want to promote bitcoin, you might want to think about what is good for bitcoin instead of what is good for individual bitcoin holders.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:40:53


Actually, I'm working under the direct opposite assumption.  If people don't buy services for bitcoin and only sell for fiat, bitcoin will stay tied to fiat.  If bitcoin is to establish a bitcoin for goods market, it has to move away from exchanges to direct sales.  
If people are hoarding, I can't get bitcoin.  If people are only willing to sell bitcoin for money there is no reason for me to acquire bitcoin over money.  If there are few bitcoin on the market, the value of bitcoin climbs high quickly.  
If I am a merchant I fear such a fast climb because I have to constantly raise prices.  If prices are rising due to hoarding, they can slam down the second the hoarders start flooding the market.  If I am a merchant I fear hoarders flooding the market because I will get caught holding the bag of selling my goods for (what is now) too low a price.  
As such, merchants can either a) risk getting screwed in a fluctuation, or b) convert to fiat as soon as possible, keeping bitcoin tied to fiat and suggesting fiat as the more stable option.  If fiat is then the more stable option, merchants may well just use fiat.  
TL;DR: Merchants need stability to see savings (and pass saving to consumers in a viewable way).  Hoarding screws up stability by dramatically altering currency availability and value. 
@_date: 2012-12-31 22:13:50
Bitcoin isn't  isn't really a stable supply unless we are seeing deflation.  Zero inflation and zero deflation would be a stable supply.  Further, if holding bitcoin is a good investment, it promotes more people to hold bitcoin.  I understand that people will buy as they need things.  However, many investments can be considered community or society development investments.
For example, in your case let's say Healthco was going to use the money from their stock offering to expand into a pediatric disease.  Well, the field might not be super lucrative, so as a result, they can't attract funding.  That can be considered a detriment to society.  
Honestly in thinking about it, many of the arguments in favor of bitcoin seem extremely self centered.  Perhaps I just don't fully identify with that philosophy.
@_date: 2012-10-20 00:16:32
Wow, you really don't get what I'm saying do you?
A) Hoarders don't sell and hold more than 1/20th of the economy within the hands of individuals/a small community.  No country is stupid enough to hand over that type of power because it is a massive amount of power.
B) Iran does adopt bitcoin causing the price to climb.  Hoarders sell because it is of individual benefit, and they are not a cohesive body.  It works just like a housing market crash (which does happen), one sell causes more, prices go down, people then stop selling, prices go up, more people sell, prices go down.  
Seriously, look at real-estate and tell me the rule of opportunity cost always applies, because it doesn't.  Life happens, someone will have to sell to pay for an operation, or a disaster, or because they are dumb-asses.  Assuming economic theory will hold in absolute is a bad move for a country having problems.   For Iran to replace its currency with bitcoin, it would increase the worth of a full bitcoin.  This would enhance the above problem.
Either way, as a country it would be smarter to start your own block-chain, not adopt one that already has potentially powerful influences.  And don't tell me that bitcoin doesn't have these people, because we have already seen it.
This isn't to say that bitcoin won't see success, but its stupid to suggest that a country should adopt it *right now.*
@_date: 2012-11-27 00:54:00
Good point, but there are some issues with it.  For one, a bit coin bank could easily limit withdraws once the money is in their system.  Secondly, many fiat transfers are now electronic (but admittedly not instant due to the fear of double spending).  
So, I would guess that a bit coin bank would need to keep a larger potion of bitcoins available, but loans (and fractional banking) would still be done to some extent.
@_date: 2012-08-13 16:28:00
A causal relationship was never explicitly established in the post.  The most likely one being implied when using the  principle of charity is that the poster is saying is "as the value of a currency goes up" (which is being defined by the poster as deflation), "the perceived price of goods goes down when using that currency."  Money supply being the basis of deflation is an **Austrian economic** principle that is not known or used my many, many people.  If you want to help educate people, simply explain the difference and why one makes more sense than another.  Stating someone is wrong while mixing up terms is beyond grammer nazi, it's just plain incorrect.  The fact that you are being incorrect while calling someone else wrong is even worse. 
@_date: 2012-12-20 18:46:38






Not really.  In a rational debate, personal opinion doesn't matter.  The second you say what you 'personally" *don't* want, it opens up the table for someone to say what they "personally" *do* want.  It's bad argument form plain and simple.  To put another way, you don't want an  official government stance on bitcoin, but several people on this site do.  You don't want it because it might be deemed illegal, others want it to prove it is illegal.  **Wikipedia** wants more evidence of its legality, as do a few other sites.  You see how this gets useless pretty quickly?  It goes from discussion of evidence and theory, to discussion of personal opinion.
Further, there is a difference between your "opinion doesn't matter" and "learn to read properly."
More to the point, if my argument is that bitcoin "requires and is currently operating a PR campaign," replying with "I don't think it is" doesn't contribute much without supporting evidence.  "I don't want the government to get involved" contributes even less.
Individual opinion is considered some of the worst rational during a debate, this is well known.  In science, research is peer reviewed to avoid this. In law, individual opinion is considered hearsay.


I have understood your comments, though I have not replied to them.  Please understand why; I was arguing a **very specific point.*  You have taken a specific statement out of context, changed the context, attacked the changed context, then changed the very nature of the discussion.
The discussion is on whether or not bad public opinion is equally harmful to fiat currency as it is to bitcoin, (with bad public opinion being the association with an immoral or illegal act, not economic fundamentals).    
I argued that: 
1. Fiat currency has "government issued legitimacy" and bitcoin does not, therefor it must earn its own legitimacy.
2. For bitcoin to earn legitimacy, it must use grassroots efforts to inform additional people of its merits, or at minimum of its existence.
3. Fiat currency is issued by the government and required for certain interactions with the government.  Required use means required possession.
4. Thus, no one can ask "why should I use fiat?" Because the answer is "you have to."  Someone *can* ask "why should I use bitcoin?" At which point we state the merits of bitcoin, which is to say improve public relations (PR).  
This has nothing to do with the government issuing legitimacy to bitcoin.  My statement about how easily the government could make bitcoin illegal was based on the idea that if no one supports bitcoin, and many are against it, a potentially unconstitutional law against it would go unchallenged.  Historically, this is why gay marriage was made illegal, marijuana use was made illegal, and Extacy use were made illegal among other things.
I've played this game before.  If you aren't going to discuss the actual topic at hand, then you are just arguing to win and not to reach some mutually enlightening realization.  You aren't trying to show me how bitcoin doesn't need a PR campaign, you are just yelling at another person through an electric box, and it is entirely *useless.*  
But since you were apparently insulted by my previous comments (for which I apologize if true) I'll address your arguments directly:
How does government ruling on bitcoin have anything to do with the increased need to inform others of its existence and merit in comparison to fiat?


Bitcoin has had positive press as well.  Bitcoin Trader is one excellent example, there are others.  Actually, bitcoin was on an episode of the good wife (and bitcoiners talked about how much good PR it was).  Good press countering bad press how is this not the essence of PR?


How is this relevant to PR?


I argue that people know about bitcoin now due to a grassroots PR effort which taught about both its existence and benefit.  This is the PR campaign that was, and still is needed.  If bitcoin is associated with only bad things, this PR might be counted.






There is a perceived inconsistency above.  It is irrelevant to the topic of PR, however, I am curious as to how you rectify the two points.


The topic is PR, so yes, I'm staying on topic.  If you are arguing a different topic, please clarify what it is so that we are on the same page.  Also, next time you change topics mid-conversation, please let me (or anyone else) know.
There you go, points addressed. 
@_date: 2012-11-24 08:38:08
I think the previous commenters point was that paper wallets are a inherent security risk.  Someone could easily spend the money on the wallet right after handing it to me.  Thus, I would have to transfer the money immediately (using an internet device).  Thus, why not use a phone?
A good counter is that paper wallets serve to help people who can't or don't want to carry a smartphone, or when a wireless connection isn't available.
Either way, I still feel that this is by far the best paper wallet concept I have seen:
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:57:48
This is a far more compelling argument than the donation one you gave.  Perhaps I am just being impatient.
@_date: 2012-12-19 20:51:02
Fair (with the exception of the tax thing, how do you swing that?).  But again, my point is to the nature of the PR campaign involved.  
"Drink this because it will give you more energy and make you healthier" 
is a fundamentally different PR campaign compared to 
"Drink this or I'll throw you in a fucking cage... for *years.*"
Bitcoin is currently using the former, fiat the ladder.  So again, association with illegal activity affects one differently than the other since people don't use money because they chose it and like it, people use money because they have to.
@_date: 2012-08-13 18:02:51
This is because there is no specific difference in Keynesian economics.  Price deflation and money supply deflation both end in the same result.  The point is to clarify what cause you are dealing with.  Baksh was clearly indicating a cause of "increase in perceived value."  Saying the post is incorrect because the poster was not aware of another cause is just stupid as is proves which cause was being refereed to (the only one the poster thought existed).
@_date: 2012-12-23 10:14:36
I agree.  I'm not calling bitcoin early adoption entirely unfair, I'm suggesting that some members of the community are both advocating for bitcoin use as a commerce agent, while using it as an investment (which is ok in my book), while others advocate for it as an investment while using it as an investment (which is somewhat shady in my book).  Advocating investment in bitcoin should require full disclosure (as in "I'm long on bitcoin"), but many don't give that.  
So it's unfair that you are trying to get me to do something that makes you more money, without telling me it will make you more money. 
@_date: 2012-11-04 14:40:40
I don't really want to get into an argument and I think the site is overall impressive in ambition, but what you mention isn' "from a business point of view," it's from *one* business point of view.
Beta testing in your costumers is an idea used in websites and other quick delivery systems because it allows one to get exposure far faster.  It's similar to games that release early and bug patch often.
Further, this is a fine strategy.  However, in this case using it has two problems:
1) You are releasing to a small (bitcoin) community.  If I see a bug, I might take several months before I re-investigate your site.  This is fine for a general release product.  However, for a niche product, it may pose problems.
2) Again, you are asking for a grand up front.  I didn't see any sort of escrow service, so this is a pretty big risk to make for a sight that hasn't even beta tested.  What if someones bitcoins are sent and the site screws up recording their order correctly?  I'm not saying this will happen, just that it is a potential fear.
Basically, beta testing in you consumers is one strategy businesses can take.  In this case it will probably work so long as proper communication with the community is kept.  But in general, it most definitely has risks and benefits.
@_date: 2012-03-19 00:13:38
But again, you are using the lesser used definition and suggesting that I would not be understood in using it.  It's one thing to say you don't agree with the definition and think it is used incorrectly, it's another to assume everyone you talk to is using the lesser known definition.  Further, doesn't this call for another word or phrase to describe a currency which may have a set or increasing unit base, but is also increasing in purchasing power as well?  If a "correct" word for this does exist, I would be interested in learning it.
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:32:39
You really shouldn't say how much a donation is now worth in a deflationary trend.  I would think that a donation would be converted and used almost immediately, making it worth significantly less than $5000.  Suggesting that they not sell is asking a movement requesting money for needed services to gamble on the [bitcoin] market.  This would be almost as bad as if the redcross invested in Gold, or converted all USD to Euro.
I would think what donations at what price would be a useful metric to obtain.  In fact, I might look into that.  It should be possible using bitcoin charts and blockchain.  However, I can't find the address I was previously observing.  Would you mind linking to one?
@_date: 2012-12-01 17:41:30
This isn't "large scale," you can only buy $100 worth at a time.  I think it is more to facilitate fast payments in bitcoin than to make major investments. 
Further, validation takes a number of days as of now, even after the bank has cleared the transfer.
@_date: 2012-07-09 00:33:06
I personally like how there was no mention of bitcoin.  Apparently these evil drug dealers are giving away their product for free.
@_date: 2012-02-29 07:10:17
From my understanding, bitcoin is basically a big ledger system.  Transactions are recorded into a ledger called a block chain.  Anyone who donates processing power to maintaining this ledger has a chance of receiving new bitcoins in return. 
Although this ledger is open and anyone can see all transactions and account balances, the accounts themselves are encrypted.  No one can actually pull money out of an account without having the encryption key.  Further, the person holding the key doesn't need to reveal any other information about themselves.  
People can covertly tell each other what account they hold allowing others to send money (receiving money doesn't require access to the encryption key).  
This system would effectively work the same if you had (as an example) a small town where one old man recorded a big ledger of who owes who what.  No one would actually have to use physical money because all money transfers would be recorded by the ledger man.  Further, people could easily exchange accounts by handing over their "key" to a given account in the ledger.  The difference in bitcoin is that this ledger is handled by the miners, and is therefore decentralized.
So if you lose you private key (encryption key) you can't access your coins (because you can't 'prove' you own them).   Further, if someone gets your private key, they can take your coins.  As the ledger (block chain) gets larger due to recording more data, more processing power and memory will be needed to maintain it.  
There is other stuff like fees, proof of work, ext. that I don't quite understand and so will not try to explain. 
@_date: 2012-12-20 03:04:09


Wow, way to get hostile, not sure what warranted that.  If you re-read the previous posts you would see that in response to my statement on how easy bitcoin could be made illegal, you responded "um, not easily?"  Then you made a comment later as to how bitcoin could be made illegal.  
Also, I'm "obsessing" over PR because that was the topic of my comment, and therefore this discussion.  However, given that you can't seem to have a discussion without using childish insults, I'm just going to say I disagree, and call it a day.
Cheers. 
@_date: 2012-12-17 19:16:45
Ok.  I'm not disagreeing with anything your saying.  If you really pour through my comment history, you would find I have made similar arguments (and was called an astroturfer and shill because of it).  So, your right, the current hoards of bitcoin can be a massive problem if "8 decimal places" is really used to expand the currency pool.
My point is that none of the above matters because your suggested fix would kill bitcoin.  Requiring an occasional transaction requires active management.  Active management requires a centralized financial system.  This removes the benefit of decentralized.  
Further, how can you create a system that purposely allows certain accounts to be cracked but not expose others?  Are we going to build in obsolescence?  Currently, people are just suggesting that old encryption will naturally get cracked.
Finally, your suggestion doesn't stop this:


I can easily shift my coins back and forth between a few accounts every decade or so, and have my decedents do the same.  
In my opinion, a continuous synthesis of coins is a far better system so long as it isn't rampant.  However, people are very attached to the finite supply idea, and in the short term I don't see any of this as a problem.
Effectively, we will deal with it like all major issues... push it off until the next generation.
@_date: 2012-01-16 02:04:06
Indeed.  I would consider bitpay a bit more reputable as well.  It would be difficult to justify your work if a "pimpcoin" card is found on you.
@_date: 2012-05-10 17:20:48
Of course not, and I fully agree.  My point was that "criminal law" isn't an absolute standard and is largely a product of social standards.  Or put another way, something being criminal law in one country does not suggest it will, or even should be criminal law in another country.  
Also, my point wasn't really for you.  I agree with your statements.
@_date: 2012-01-16 05:33:44
True.  But again, I would like to know how many of these transactions were actually purchased goods and services vs. exchanges for a national currency.  I guess bitcoin can become similar to gold in that it is never used in actual transactions, but I was under the impression it was suppose to work as an actual currency.  
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:01:29
You can argue that the main reason the US moved from the gold standard was to control the people.  But the argued reason, i.e. the official reason, was that gold had experience major fluctuations due to random increased and decreases in production from mines.  Both likely played a major part.
Just saying "it was to control the people" is useless.  It's like saying the patriot act was passed to control the people.  While that may be true, the reason people agreed to it's passing was due to the recent terrorist acts.  You can't ignore major contributing factors in a rational discussion.  That's making statements at a person, not to them.
@_date: 2012-10-19 05:18:36
Defensive much?  Being able to counter criticism is something bitcoin *will* have to do.  Dismissing arguments as trivial based on illogical comparisons is not going to convince anyone.  Shit, you're talking to someone who has a good understanding of how bitcoin works, and understands how it's clearly not a ponzi scheme, and you are still managing to turn me off to the idea.  Kudos man, kudos.
  These are questions that many people are going to ask before adopting bitcoin.  Having a world where a small minority control a large amount of the wealth is one thing, moving to a system that will give random people control of up to 1/20th of an economy is another.  If you can't understand that this represents a problem for a large amount of people (as in likely the majority), fair enough.  But know it does.
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:56:30
I use it as an example because it is a concentration of relatively tech savvy and tech trendy people further concentrated down to individuals who want to trade for bitcoin.  The problem (again, as I see it) is that most posts are to sell, suggesting that most of those bitcoin-curious individuals are seeking bitcoins and not using them.   
I am simply using this subreddit as an example of a barrier in trade, many people holding coins have no wish.  
For example, may posts have someone underbidding a individual in coins, then saying "this is a good deal because coins are going up".  This type of practice is exactly what critics pointed out would hurt bitcoin, and what proponents pointed out would not be a problem.  One really should not have to market their prices to compensate for a deflationary trend when using a currency.  So this would put bitcoin more into the category of gold; and asset.  However, this means bitcoin is now competing with gold as an investment.
I get your point however, which is why I am asking for examples of other "active" markets.
@_date: 2012-05-12 21:44:20
Given that the collapse of the bitcoin economy won't lead to a collapse of any single nations economy, won't lead to massive amounts of unemployment, and won't leave society exposed to political turmoil, I would say that there is no reason for anyone to be invested in saving it.  Further, the two economies aren't even close to equivalent, so I would say that this post is rather facetious.
@_date: 2012-01-11 05:49:13
Look.  I didn't mean to insult you by saying "you don't know what your talking about".  I made that statement based on the things you are saying.  But that did come of a bit ad hominem, and for that I apologize. 
The honest truth is I'm not narcissistic, I'm tired of it.  I really am.  I left research because I wanted to actually work with people, not some random project that died after 6 months - 2 years.  I went into healthcare because I wanted to help people.  Now I get to tell people there co-pay is going up and hear them bitch to me about how I'm screwing them over.  Never mind that the pharmacy is taking a pay cut as well.  I get to tell other people that their insurance doesn't cover their medication and they will have to pay $500  out of pocket.  In one year I will get my Doctorate and I get to sit on P&amp;T committees and evaluate medications that have already been approved by the FDA, and trialed by one of the MD.  I will get to help decide whether it gets added to the formulary based on whether or not it is both superior to the current drug, and cost effective enough.  I will get to scramble to keep the budget down for another year because insurance payouts being cut.  None of this would be eliminated in a socialized system, and if you read over my previous comments I never advocated for one.  However, the simple fact is if everyone pays into the system, cost would come down dramatically and I wouldn't have to think in the back of my head that the 23yr old patient in the ICU that I just verified a IV for will likely be in crushing debt until she is 40.  
Healthcare will never innovate at the speed of other fields.  This is because we deal with peoples lives.  If I verify an IV prepared incorrectly because I'm tired, someone either has a very bad day, or simply dies.  That's a bit of my life now, and exactly my life in one more year.  I, nor anyone else in healthcare want things to move fast because we want to be damn sure that everything works *perfect*.  We need things to be perfect because that is the standard healthcare professionals are held to.  If you make a mistake and it hurts someone, even if you aren't found negligent by your board or the law, that shit *will* haunt you.  So no.  Healthcare will never innovate at a fast pass.  We will be checking and double checking everything that crosses our path.  Some Doctors do think they have come up with something that will change the world.  Sometimes they are right, sometimes they are wrong.  But unlike in other industries, wrong almost always messes with someones body.  That is not something people easily forgive or forget. 
Further, you are simply incorrect.  I have seen massive amounts of data on the subject presented from MD's, PharmD's, and PhD's from this country and plenty of others.  All have shown that the US has a lower life expectancy when compared to almost all other first world countries.  We have a higher hospital re-admittance rate (a bad thing, trust me), lower survival after first MI, higher infant mortality, I can honestly go on.  You don't want to recognize these facts.  I understand that.  I can provide links, but it's nothing a quick google search wouldn't provide you.  The only people I have ever seen state otherwise have been political heads.  The fact that you would say we have "the best system except for cost", shows that you have formed an opinion without doing a fair assessment of the facts.  I'm not saying you haven't researched, I'm saying you have likely researched data that fits your opinion.  
I have done bench work in drug development.  I know for a fact that the pipeline is drying up.  We have less and less "new" drugs coming out each year.  NIH funding can lead to research which can (and is) often patented.  Just because the patented research is public knowledge doesn't mean it's useful.  You can't use it unless you can break the patent.  High throughput screening has proven not to work like expected.  Companies have turned their focus to "Me Too" drugs because it is more likely to guarantee a good candidate.  Worse, companies currently spend around 10% of their profit on new research, they spend far more than that on advertizing.
But honestly, you are entitled to your opinion.  It's better this way actually.  We will never develop a better system, because so many people will think exactly like you; that the only problem with the current system is costs.  So this way, when I have to tell someone there medications aren't covered.  Or think about the debt a hospital will be paying off for a very long time, I can re-assure myself with the knowledge that "they wanted it this way".  
So we don't need to continue this conversation.  It may be narcissistic, but I don't feel the need to listen to what you have to say.  I will take my chances judging the information being provided to my by a top 10 med, pharm, dental, and nursing school over anything you could say (unless of course it has a viable citation).  So you see, arguing with someone over this on the internet is really quite useless, and I should get back to studying. 
@_date: 2012-12-23 19:17:50


Ok, I'm going to put this simply.  You can't know how much work all of these individuals put in.  Most OSS projects have very few active members and a large amount of members who just post/comment.  
Further, the level of evidence needed to set up a command line software miner on an old computer is not too much effort.  Almost every computer/crypto nerd has a spare computer somewhere, and linux is free.
There were pre-set up packages for linux bitcoin mining clients before the price or difficulty rose too high.  Further, there were GPU client before the difficulty rose to high for someone to mine a generic GPU.  
The reason why the price rose so quickly is because many people got interested in bitcoin around the same time.  
Finally, advocating for bitcoin doesn't me you coded, program, or read anything.  You could have easily set up a mining rig for fun, made around 5,000 BTC, then try to convince restaurants and people on internet forums to use bitcoins.  The "what are bitcoin" posts by known bitcoin advocates (who know what bitcoin are already) can be considered a form of advocacy (manipulative advocacy at that).  
Actually, I'm not sure why I'm even arguing with you.  You can't convince me that all initial miners contributed some great work to bitcoin, you can't convince me that all those who hold significant amounts of bitcoin 'earned it," and you can't convince me that advocated are working solely on behalf of bitcoin and not for themselves.  Thus, you can't prove your point without hard evidence that has not been provided, so from my standpoint you're simply wrong. 
@_date: 2012-07-22 18:48:50
Thanks, this is precisely what I mean.
@_date: 2012-10-17 21:38:21
My point is that bitcoins are valuable *because* they are a currency.  If bitcoin was a rare item not associated with value transfer (like a crypto game), it would be worth much less.  In fact, when it was just considered a crypto game it *was* worth much less.  Gold is valuable people people want it for a reason outside of its resell value.  Gold watches are attractive (to some).  As are gold "grillz," gold jewellery, and gold tools (like cutlery).  
Further, it is useful due to it's property of not rusting.  Gold was used in electronics, and would probably be used more today if it wasn't considered too expensive for other reasons.  
Bitcoin has non of these benefits.  It is a currency, and a currency only. 
@_date: 2012-07-23 03:02:26
While such a system would be interesting, however, you would still have to trust the bill generator not be cheat you.  I think bitbills provided a much more practical system with their internal private key that required destruction of the bill.  Though with this system you had to trust bitbills to destroy the private key for the bill generated after production.
All that said, I still think mobile phones and devices provide the most practical system.
@_date: 2012-07-29 19:45:53
Yeah, I have USAA too, they are awesome.  As I said before, even if bitcoin or something similar became the default world currency, I would still use a service like USAA.  I do agree that credit unions aren't always the best, I remember when I was around 17, my credit union wanted to start charging me for having a checking account without a regular direct deposit, haven't been back to one since.  That said, they were still significantly better than the big banks.
Really, my point was that bitcoin isn't going to remove to many financial institutions.  Really, the only thing it does is make transferring money much easier, and storing money less (physically) demanding.  While it would remove some leaching, it would not remove it all.
@_date: 2012-12-19 23:10:15
I'm not going to address most of the points you made since they are not relevant to the topic at hand, which is 
**Does negative press and association with drug abuse affect bitcoin the same as fiat**?
Addressing the relevant points:


Because it's not obvious.  You present a chicken vs. egg scenario and state one choice is obvious.  Does the community exist because of PR, or is their PR because of the community.  I would suggest that most of the people here found out about bitcoin through some sort of grassroots PR (e.g. advertisements, forum comments, word of mouth, etc.)  Further, this subreddit increases interest and builds a community.  That is a very basic concept within PR, i.e. it is relations with the public.  Given turn about is fair play, how is that not obvious to you?
As far as bitcoin not being easily made illegal.  Bitcoin could be made illegal due to a smear campaign (as in bad press).  Marijuana was made illegal due to bad PR, as was extacy.  Possession of needles without a prescription was illegal for several years before being reverted (in some states).  If bitcoin has a strong enough association with illegality (tax evasion, money laundering, purchasing drugs, etc.) it can be made illegal.  Further, it would require legal action to revert any such stance.


Not to be rude, but your opinion doesn't really matter, and is irrelevant to the discussion.  Also, you probably shouldn't state that bitcoins can't easily be made illegal, then state that an official government stance would make them illegal.  Such action is kinda flippy floppy.
@_date: 2012-11-03 22:19:51
The point still stands that if one wants you to gamble a grand on them, they should probably have beta tested a bit more.
@_date: 2012-08-26 20:35:48
The guy mentions how getting into the system is quite difficult.  Every time I bring this up on this subreddit, I get told that its not difficult at all.  Just out of curiosity, why it the difficulty in acquiring bitcoins being consistently ignored?
@_date: 2012-12-17 23:57:57
A certain amount of currency is needed to be available within the population to facilitate economic activity.  
The argument for bitcoin being deflationary is that we can easily expand the currency base by moving a few decimal places.


And what if it's an automated system, set to release the funds in 1000 years?  How do you account for that?
Knowing that someone somewhere has 250kBTC doesn't change how demand causes the price of BTC to increase as coins will still be needed to facilitate trade, and these coins won't be available.
Arguing anything else requires either absolute cooperation between individuals (unlikely) or a central authority (defeats purpose of bitcoin).  
So no, we can't easily adjust market forces based on an unknown future event because market forces must first meet current demands. 
@_date: 2012-06-23 02:02:38
Huh.  I personally think they made the right choice.  Wikipedia has grown very large, and as a result has a significant amount of control over the dissemination of information.  They shouldn't allow every small project that gets made to have an entry.  Bitcoin has gotten large enough to suggest that it is here to stay, and as a result it is getting included.  While I do agree that some of the editors are a bit... over the top, I don't see wikipedia as getting worse with time.  In fact, it seems to be getting better.  
Besides, the biggest reason wikipedia will *not* get forked is because maintaining it is so expensive.  I would rather see some sort of P2P local hosting put in place, but that's another discussion.
@_date: 2012-07-22 16:45:31


I'm not a bitcoin hater by any means, but this statement is just stupid.  Merchandise prices for fiat have not climbed by much, yet bitmit pricing for things fluctuates with bitcoin prices.  Given that currency is a means of exchange, the price of bitcoin is *obviously* going up.  
People need to stop promoting bitcoin as a protest, and start promoting it as a tool.  Otherwise, the majority of the population will continue to see it as a disruptive presence for everyone.
@_date: 2012-08-27 06:02:34
Exactly.  You literally have the person send you an address, then look take a snap shot of the money deposited into the address.  Problem solved.  I have to confirm my shipping address before receiving a package, it should be the same with bitcoin.  The logic people use that "you didn't receive anything" makes no sense in our increasingly digital world.
@_date: 2012-07-22 16:22:26
I find this idea interesting.  By the nature of the system, anyone who hands you one of these bills has at least the possibility of knowing the private key.  As such, they can drain the account before you can ever access it.  Further, if one were to check the account (or simply drain it right away to be safe), they would already have an internet connected device on them and these bills would be useless anyway.
However, if a merchant was giving change in bitcoin for something purchased in a different currency, or buying an item in bitcoin, this system would work great if the seller/costumer did not have a device on them.  Further, it would be a great way to advertise bitcoin, people could receive their $16 in change in bitcoin instead of cash.  Given that most people probably don't have a bitcoin address, this would provide them with a short term one.
That said, these bills would only be one time use.  While I may accept one printed off from my local dive bar, I wouldn't accept it second hand from someone who frequents that bar.  They could easily have drained the account and simply be handing me worthless paper.  
So in reality, I would consider this to be more of a "bitcoin check" or "bitcoin credit" than a "bitcoin banknote."
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:16:06
No offense Julian, but this is a horrible comparison.  People didn't use cars until they became economically beneficial, and even that didn't happen until after world war generated many new jobs.  
So outside of a global economic meltdown, it is important to assess what actual benefits bitcoin brings outside of the general "it is the future of money."  
@_date: 2012-11-03 17:25:12
Lets say the price of an object can be $20 -$30 depending on where you go.  Many locations counter this by offering a rebate (some are manufacturer rebates, but others are store based).  The idea is that you buy from the store, then go through some long drawn out process to get a discount.  Some stores even offer "instant rebates," which I still haven't found out how they differ from a cheaper price.
But I'm getting off track.  A merchant can obtain an object and know they can sell it at $25 and still make a profit.  If they didn't pay paypal/credit card fees, they could probably sell at $22 and make a profit.
The merchant sets the price at $30, and offers a $5 dollar instant (or not) rebate in BTC.  The rebate process explains what BTC is, how it works, etc.  It can be quick or slow depending on the preference of the merchant.  In this way, a standard payment system can be used, and the merchant would be protected from chargebacks through the standard system (since they have a documented address, shipping verification, etc.)  
From my understanding, you can't claim a chargeback because of a failed rebate so long as you received the physical object.
So, while said merchant is selling at a higher price, they are also attracting the niche market of BTC interested buyers.  After a few purchases, the buyers would have enough money to buy in bitcoin, at which the seller gives an adjusted price of $25 (or $22) buy default (no rebate).  
This may seem a little weird, but I've seen multiple occasions where people offered less than the going rate in bitcoin because it is (up trending), I'm betting this strategy would bring in a market.
Finally, I have been told that this would not stop chargebacks, but I have seen several places offer credit or bitcoin for a physical object, so I fail to see how that would be an issue.
@_date: 2012-05-26 21:36:32
Got it, but the point being made is that if an individual is payed in one currency (lets say cash), there is little incentive to convert that currency to bitcoin in order to acquire things that can easily be bought with cash.
It's actually one of the arguments posed against bitcoin; outside of illicit material and rare long distance shipping, there is little benefit to using bitcoin because it is so difficult to cheaply acquire.
Also, my bank provides interest to me, bitcoin doesn't unless you assume increased demand, and therefore worth.
@_date: 2012-06-30 05:26:06
Please don't use this argument, because this is a stupid argument.  I'm normally not so blunt because I find it rude, but it is, it really is.  Guy Fawkes was a man who was part of a plan to blow up parlement inorder to create a more religious state.  He was stopped.  To stop future people from coming up with similar plans, he was associated with treachery in public opinion and regularly burned by the people in effigy on Guy Fawkes night.
The image was later used in a *comic book* to symbolize the destruction of a fictional socialist English government.  This comic was V for Vendetta.  This was later turned into a movie that has since been associated with anarchy by the young media fed populous.
Outside of the comic book this image has *NOTHING* to do with anarchy.  It has a bit to do with social unrest, but only to create a *more* oppressive government.  So either people are following a comic book character, or a movie about a comic book character.  Either one is just showing how much influence media has over the population today.
It would make more sense to wear a full body white spandex suit under a business suit and imitate the anonymous guy.  This *is* copying a media produced pop culture phenomenon.  Don't try to deny it.      
@_date: 2012-12-14 18:33:37


Is this true, or is this individual being retarded?  I would think that if this were true, it would make SR far easier to track.  Every time they make a payment in converted fiat, simply track the accounts involved and freeze/seize them, then arrest the individuals involved.
I understood that the seller themselves gets payed in BTC, and has to convert themselves.
@_date: 2012-08-08 10:50:56
This was actually my point.  Android is linux, but at the same time it isn't.  It largely implements it's own software components, software installation system, and version control.  It is essentially linux "started over" in that a lot of previous implementations of linux are being rendered obsolete by it.  
For bitcoin, this would mean restarting a genesis block using a modified (improved?) version of the current code.  While this is good for the progression of technology, it would still render current bitcoins effectively useless. 
@_date: 2012-01-07 16:29:06
As someone who is quite familiar with healthcare, I really have to ask you to qualify your statement.  Quality assessments are generally made based on "unnecessary" morbidity and mortality assessments.  We can easily determine if someone died of something they didn't have to die of.  Uncontrolled asthma is one example.
Anyway, what you are saying basically equates to "if people died at the same lower rate seen in France, there is no way to say less people would die."  That statement makes no sense.  AlyoshaV didn't make a statement on what system we should implement, he/she made a statement on the quality delivered by our system.
Also, if you believe our system is incapable of delivering better quality, then you are basically saying multiple other nations are inherently better than the US.  Which is something I tend to disagree with.
@_date: 2012-10-17 20:38:37
Um, there is a problem.  Gold has an inherent value (i.e. you can build with it), and a attributed worth (making up this term) due to its use as a value transfer method.  Bitcoin's *only* worth is its attributed worth, it has no inherent value.  As such, it's worth as a storage of value is directly due to its worth as a transfer of value.  Hoarding limits bitcoins use as a transfer of value (due to lack of available currency), which threatens its worth as a storage of value.  So hoarding directly hurts bitcoin and can end up hurting the hoarders as well.
@_date: 2012-12-15 22:41:10
Personally, I think people should stop advocating so loudly for bitcoin's anonymity.  Instead, we should be focusing instant transactions, low fees (which should be adjusted as value increases), and protection against double spending.  
These are features everyone can agree with, while anonymity suggests underhandedness to many.
@_date: 2012-10-19 16:52:23
I agree.  Honestly I don't think it should happen.  Further, I don't care that hoarders are hoarding.  The problem that people refuse to acknowledge is that if bitcoin is adopted, any hoarders that hold out long enough could have significant power within the bitcoin economy.  Forget not enough bitcoins to go around (I know this isn't a problem), stretching the current bitcoin base using decimal places means said hoarders are holding *even more worth.*  You know how countries can threaten the US with selling off bonds?  Well imagine a whole bunch of random crypto nerds gaining that kind of power.  Why the hell would the average person, or the current people in power, just accept that issue?  Because bitcoins are more convenient?  I can tell you right now, their not *that* convenient.  Credit card companies will lower their fees before they let bitcoin become to powerful.
Non of this is suggesting that bitcoin adoption won't continue, or that bitcoin is bad.  My point is that in some ways it can be seen as trading one power structure for another.  
Hoarders: Bitcoin community, accept these changes to client function.
Bitcoin community: No, those changes don't benefit us.
Hoarders: Ok, then we'll just flood the market with bitcoins, crashing the price.
Bitcoin community: You would just devalue your own bitcoins!
Hoarders: Fools! I posses 1/20th of the total bitcoins currently created! You truly don't think I have been secretly selling off enough for stocks, gold, and property to be completely solvent if bitcoin crashes?!  :Evil laugh:
I can see how the above might be seen as a little extreme, but it's not dramatically off.  You really think the muti-billionaires in the world don't have power over the financial structure?  Is bitcoin is suppose to break people free from such a power structure, or just establish another one with more benevolent crypto-nerd overlords?  This is an issue that must be addressed.
So we can A) create a new blockchain: But the block chain gets more resistant to manipulation the more coins that are mined.
So we can B) accept the overlords.  Yeah, good luck with that.
C) Show definitively why hoarding isn't an issue (maybe they are mostly lost coins?)
Or D) Adopt bitcoin but sanction some of the larger accounts.  This method does have issues, and it's legitimately kinda messed up, but it is one solution.
To be clear, this isn't a issue affecting people holding 10, or even 100 bitcoin.  But wallets in the 10,000 and up range pose an issue.  Especially if one individual owns multiple such wallets.
@_date: 2012-10-18 20:14:21
This is roughly how I'd imagine the process going.  However, I don't see a need for the individual to handle the transaction so long as they observe it occurring.  I watch the tally on my groceries, I watch them charge my card, and I watch them display how much they charged.  The merchant could lie, but they risk much in doing so.
Sometimes, I think bitcoin advocates get so rapped up with safety and anonymity, that they forget how a system could work in real life.  Not everyone makes purchases online with perfect strangers.
@_date: 2012-12-15 21:20:20
Lol, true.  I though of this also.  However, this is not exactly the full circle I'm hoping for.  Then again, I guess it would be the same if I start my bitcoin pharmacy.
@_date: 2012-12-01 07:59:02
While I agree that there are difficulties is wide adoption of bitcoin within Iran, I don't think software distribution is one of them.  Once initial copies are obtained through VPN, bittorrent, tor, or direct transport of storage media, local servers or distribution systems can be implemented.  As DRM and film releases has taught us, preventing the distribution of digital content is extremely hard to do.
Personally, I would like to see an analysis of whether or not bitcoin is ready to expand to a level of widespread use needed by Iran.  Further, I would like to see a method of obtaining bitcoin suggested that circumvention the whole "no useful currency to buy the stuff" issue.  While I understand that family members can purchase and send bitcoins, just thinking about needed scale alone demonstrates why this is not a sustainable option. 
@_date: 2012-01-08 02:05:20
I totally agree.  I don't currently hold bitcoins.  I'm trying to find a medium of obtaining them that isn't a direct trade for cash.  I have yet to find such a medium.  
@_date: 2012-12-01 08:02:20
Excellent sentiment, but for what currency?  
* If you sell for a currency utilized in Iran, it is not of much use to you.  
* If you sell for a currency used in other countries, well they don't have access to that (which is the problem in the first place).  
* If you sell for direct work, what work are you looking for?
@_date: 2012-08-08 11:37:52
Well, my point is that bitcoin in its current form will be used to learn how to develop another system, just like how linux was used to develop new operating systems.  Basically, bitcoin will live on as a algorithm, but the currently generated bitcoins will become largely worthless with time.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:32:23
Bitcoin isn't volatile because it's in its infancy, bitcoin is volatile because all stores of value based on scarcity are volatile.  Gold for example, has always been volatile.  In fact, its volatility may be one of the reasons for the great depression.  
So, fiat collapses in the long term, bitcoin is volatile in the short term. 
People choose the more stable currency.  
Bitcoins stability is dependent on adoption.  
Bitcoin never gets stable.
@_date: 2012-12-23 02:26:47
I don't disagree with any of your points.  In fact, I fully agree.  I was only stating why one would look at bitcoin and see it as "unfair."  However, you actually clarified it better than I did.  When someone who is invested in bitcoin promotes its use as an agent of commerce, you don't know if they are working in favor of both of your interests, or taking a "bigger fool" angle.  Effectively, one can't trust anything a bitcoin advocate says.
However, the important point is that the bitcoin commerce system has true benefit when analyzed.  But again, if I do not have the knowledge to understand the analysis, why the hell would I believe any bitcoiner?  Devil you know after all.  
So the ones arguing about how "not fair" is illogical need to realize it's not actually about "fair," it's about trust.
Also, when posts critical of bitcoin get down voted (as my post above is), regardless of content, it makes one more suspicious.  People tend to lose trust in individuals who may have a vested interest, *and* disregard criticism.  
@_date: 2012-11-16 19:57:20
To be honest, I think that charge backs have a place in the financial system if implemented correctly.  For example, I bought some soil from an online merchant and they sent me a rack, I bought a backpack from another and it took months for them to ship.  I am willing to bet that the ability for me to reverse charges played into their willingness to work with me.
While the current system puts too much power in consumer hands, completely remove king charge backs just shifts all of the power into merchants hands.  Am I suppose to go to small claims court every time  merchant screws up?
@_date: 2012-12-14 08:05:43
Honestly, people tend to dislike what they don't understand.  Human history is filled with fear of the unknown/misunderstood.  I recently tried to explain bitcoin to my mother (of all people), and her exact response was "I don't understand it, I don't trust it, so I don't like it."  I was honestly taken aback by how ignorant of a statement my own mother made, but she's family.  
Further, bitcoin represents an alternative to the current system, and people fear change just as much (if not more) than what they don't understand.
@_date: 2012-08-13 18:26:52
Again, just opening with "given that deflation causes harding typically refers to deflation in money supply..." and go on from there.  This allows someone to say, I wasn't referring to deflation in money supply, I was referring to increase in perceived value."  
Again, just a basic background statement can save a world of misunderstanding.
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:04:54


There are many, many, many stock investors who prove the contrary.  
Further, hoarding has always been considered a problem in currency economics.  I have yet to see anything arguing the counter except random people in this subreddit.
@_date: 2012-08-16 20:55:18
Yeah, I actually went through my comment history and realized that the individual wasn't you.  I ment to apologize kind of forgot about it.  At any rate, apologies.  I still disagree with how you handled the situation, but the accusation was out of line.
@_date: 2012-12-14 11:20:50
Eh, coinbase *is* awesome, but I would strongly recommend against giving out ones bank login information online. 
@_date: 2012-11-03 19:10:54
Of course this doesn't eliminate fraud.  However, it does provide another method of acquiring bitcoin, something I would think a bitcoin merchant would be in favor of (since it increased their potential clientele base).
Besides, the situation you pose can still happen.  A kid can easily acquire their parents bank account information (hell, it's usually in the mail), or open their own bank account.  A kid can easily sign up for an exchange.  Basically, anyone who really wants bitcoins for drugs could probably get them.
As far as the rebate goes, that would be a pretty stupid way of acquiring bitcoins, one would assuredly get caught after just one or two attempts.
"I have no idea why stereos keep getting shipped to us from bitcoinrebate.com."
I doubt that would work to well.  Besides, all BTC does now is shift the burden of fraud onto the consumer.  I can pay for an object and get shipped nothing.  All BTC does is make it even more difficult to negotiate.  This is why so many people want an escrow service.  Actually, if I had BTC and cash, why would I use BTC if I don't get any sort of discount?  Why would a consumer purposely take on more burden?  It's not like I want anonymity when buying an LCD screen.  In fact, I would want it to be public so I have a case if I get screwed.
Further, I can only assume that merchants are willing to take on *some* burden, given how dominant the current system is.
Finally, we can try to think of some random scam for everything.  The point is whether or not the risks outweigh the benefits.  I personally will never buy bitcoin just to buy from a service at the equivalent USD.  I net lose money.  However, I would buy a good I want at a higher price if I get a bitcoin rebate.  I net the same exchange cost, the merchant still makes money, and the merchant has a potentially new bitcoin buyer (after a few more transactions).  If no one who makes purchases has bitcoin, and anyone who has bitcoin can just buy in USD, bitcoin stores have a rather large hump to get over.
@_date: 2012-12-14 18:25:49
I understand your reasoning.  However, I would still consider it a bad idea because:
* Most bank contracts specifically warn against it.
* Most banks have more information about you than just the amount of money you hold.
Really, in a society when your social security number can be acquired easily, it is probably not a good idea to give out a separate piece of identifying information.   Further, I have known several people who had a bank account mainly for cash transfers, and were suddenly told by their bank that they were over-drafted by a couple hundred dollars.  Most ended up paying as the rest of their money was locked up.  One *only* had that checking account with the bank, and refused to pay.  She was harassed for several months before the bank gave up.
I'm probably miss out on some cool stuff, but I simply don't trust anyone that much.
@_date: 2012-08-13 18:14:25
I was hostile because you have done the exact same thing to me in the past, specifically start using Austrian economic naming conventions without saying so, and stating that I have no understanding of economics because I didn't understand what you were talking about.  I admit it was beneficial in that I learned about Austrian economics, but it was frustrating as hell.  The fact that you are still doing it a few months later just rubbed me the wrong way.  
I think the reason why it is because you actually have good knowledge if you would *just fucking explain it*.  Without the explanation it's just counter productive.  It comes of like the way smug Ivy League school professors are portrayed in movies.
Edit: Also, deflation in the the title does not refer to deflation in the money supply, again that is your interpretation.  If anything, that would imply the title is wrong as bitcoin supply is currently inflating.  So yeah, the title was referring to increase in value, not decrease in money supply.
@_date: 2012-01-07 01:47:46
Bad for Asia I guess.
@_date: 2012-01-16 18:12:44
I totally agree.  Actually, I don't think my OP was very accurate to my opinion.  It should be more along the lines of "why are people promoting bitcoin so heavily when the services they state it can replace so effectively barely even exist yet?"
I understand what bitcoin can do in the future.  However, many sites I have seen phrase things as if the future is now.  To continue the example, "bitcoin will replace western union" makes no sense without caveats.
@_date: 2012-07-22 19:32:01
No, I'm talking about the idea that the exchange rate for bitcoin is going up due to the perceived value of fiat currency going down, and not due to the perceived value of bitcoin going up.  This idea implies that the purchasing power of bitcoin has remained largely the same while the purchasing power of fiat currency has dropped, resulting in more fiat currency being required to purchase bitcoin.  
This idea is easily refuted by the fact that prices for items in bitcoin fluctuate with the exchange rate.  One week I might be able to buy a $20 game for 4 btc, the next it might only cost me 2.7 btc.  The game is the value determiner, not the fiat currency.  Because the price of the game went down, the value of bitcoin went up.  This trend has stayed the same since bitcoin was introduced.  10,000 btc once bought 2 pizzas, now it could buy a high end performance car (once converted).  
Further, if the value of bitcoin isn't going up, but more fiat currency is needed to buy it, it implies that as the value of fiat goes down, the price of bitcoin goes up.
I can't see why you don't understand this.  The only thing I can guess is that you are mixing up the idea of price vs value, in that value is how much I can acquire (like food) with a given item while price is how much of another currency an item (like bitcoin) costs.
@_date: 2012-12-19 18:35:17
Um, the "What is Bitcoin?" video is a PR campaign, so is the constant debate over the "official" logo, the bitcointip bot has been argued to be a PR campaign many times (and I have yet to hear a good counter).
But that doesn't answer your question does it?


Since it was only known on some obscure crypto and Libertarian forums.  Bitcoin requires a PR campaign because **people don't understand it or know what it is.**  Not to be insulting, but how is this not obvious?  Hell, we are running a grassroots PR campaign against Wikipedia in Bitcoin favor right now.  That is basically what demanding bitcoin donations and changes to articles is.  As many have pointed out, we want the articles changed so that "people don't get the wrong impression of bitcoin due to false information."  News flash, even the truth can be a PR campaign when it improves your "Public Relations".
Using the US as an example, the dollar is the norm, changing people from the norm requires education, education is given in the form of a grassroots or organized Public Relations campaign.


A government is only illegitimate in the eyes of another government.  So any government currency is legitimate in the eyes of that government.  I don't think we need to address how quickly and easily bitcoin can be made illegal and therefor illegitimate *without* a good PR campaign supporting it.  
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:23:10
Ok, and how would that help?  If we know their is an elephant in the room, what do we do?  We can't adjust prices since those coins still aren't available.  We can't find the individual and force them to sell for multiple reasons.  I have suggested coloring the coins and banning them, but have been told this would be the "death of bitcoin."  
So in reality, knowing they exist really doesn't do anything but let you know that a potential disaster is in the future.  Yay?
@_date: 2012-01-16 02:02:44
By "Western Union like" service I meant a easy to use "by now" and "sell now" service that didn't have a significant discrepancy between the prices for each.  The problem I see here is that it is rather hard to acquire bitcoins due to the fear of chargebacks.  If I can't quickly and easily use bitcoins without planning weeks ahead, it becomes less useful.  
I guess this problem won't be alleviated until a paypal like service is developed that plays well with bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-09-23 07:18:13
As such, it makes sense to name it for what it is then explain how it works to those interested.  Since most people only want to know what it is, this idea may save many an explanation.
@_date: 2012-12-13 19:39:13
"Account address" is good, but public address or wallet address is just as good in my opinion.
Private key is the same as secret key.  If we have to explain that something private needs to be kept secret, maybe the individual is not advanced enough to be using a cryptocurrency (or be trusted with any money actually).
Per wikipedia "The word "wallet" has been in use since the late fourteenth century to refer to a bag or a knapsack for carrying articles."  Given that we are using "coins" because they denote value, I think wallet is perfectly reasonable.
I do agree that miners should be something like versifiers or authorizers.
@_date: 2012-10-18 02:42:15
Well holy crap!  This is way better than my idea!  I'll have to read up more about this.
Unrelated.  I find it interesting that you are the only person who understood my post, and didn't interpret it as someone giving out their private key all "willy nilly."
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:21:54
I posted it below, but I'll post it again:
Ok, lets say we have 1000 bitcoins in existence.  Between about ten people, 900 bitcoin are being "hoarded."  As a result, people are using 100 bitcoin broken down into micro bitcoins.  The price per micro bitcoin climbs dramatically due to it becoming the default unit of currency.  
Why the hell would I support this system?  At any time, the few people holding the 900 bitcoins could saturate the market A) devaluing the currency and screwing anyone currently holding, and B) make lots of money off of screwing everyone.  It's like a hooker taking a client knowing they will get beaten and robbed after.  
@_date: 2012-11-18 05:08:55
The more I see it, the more I like  as well.  It seems visually more "mature" to me for some reason.   always comes off to me as just trying to copy the $, while  is creating a new an unique identity.  
But yeah, it seems that the majority of people are in favor of .  Maybe that will change in the future when the issue of people not being familiar with bitcoin as a currency is no longer as large. 
@_date: 2012-05-12 23:42:26
Yes, SilkRoad and any site like it are the few things that require bitcoin, suggesting that the main benefit to bitcoin is to usurp government regulations and authority.  Somehow I don't think that is a viable case to present to the general public.  It turns out most people either like, or at least don't actively dislike having certain materials considered illegal.
If "it lets you buy illegal stuff" is the use case provided by bitcoin advocates, bitcoin is going to die unceremoniously.
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:27:41
Ok, good point.  The bitcoin system does have value in that it is a very elegant solution to a problem, and a individual bitcoin has an inherent value in being the only unit usable within said desired system.  Just like dollars are valuable because they are the only way to pay the government, bitcoin are valuable because they are the only way to use the bitcoin network.
That said, the value of the bitcoin system is not absolute.  If the bitcoin system died, bitcoins would lose all value.  If the gold system died, gold would still hold some value.  So really, we are gambling on the worth of the bitcoin system as a system.
While I agree that the bitcoin system is quite elegantly designed, it does have some problems (ever increasing storage needs for the block chain, ever increasing processor demand as the network grows, etc.).  
Again, hoarding still becomes a problem because it poses a barrier of entry into the bitcoin system for people.  I'm not going to use a system when if I can't get coins, and I'm not going to buy coins at a price that might crash significantly due to potentially 78% of the amount of coins being able to flood the market at any point (or simply being used to fluctuate the market at will, as we have seen in the past). 
@_date: 2012-12-09 21:24:29
Ok, let me take a stab at this:


The normal response is increasing hard drive size.  However, the developers have acknowledged this as a potential future issue, and have come up with possible solutions (better explained below).


Correct.  All btc need to be accounted for in the blockchain.


Not sure if we would want to trust Mt. Gox.  However, there is talk of creating checkpoints within the block chain.  The idea is that various parties will download as much blockchain as they feel they need.  Individuals would likely download very little, a merchant will likely download a few checkpoints back, and a bitcoin exchange or "bank" would download most or all of the blockchain.


A few mobile wallets download the full blockchain, but most just link to an outside server.  The server keeps an update of the blockchain and sends the mobile wallet the relevent information.  Desktop clients can work this way as well.


While I'm no expert, I do know this is actually not due to size or download speed.  The issue is hard drive transfer speeds.  This has been explained elsewhere, and there are likely people in this forum that can explain the issue better than me.  The 0.8 client should fix the issue.  Or you can download an alternative client which utilizes a server.
So the main question is "is this an issue?"  At this point it is not.  However, it may become an issue if bitcoin greatly increases in popularity and usage.  Methods to address the issue are being worked on and implemented constantly by the development team.  
@_date: 2012-12-14 10:46:35
Well, I think a more apt example it that all stocks would be a pyramid scheme.  Netflix for example greatly rewarded early adopters.
@_date: 2012-10-18 01:33:52


Causing the value of the bonds to drop?  Causing the country to lose massive amounts of wealth?  Yeah, I really don't fear other country's governments doing something so dramatically against their basic interests.


So, you saw the whole "78% of bitcoins aren't in active use" article right?  If multiple people sell off at one time, I don't think bitcoin can tolerate that.


Please, I know you know better than to assume a one wallet per persone scenario.  One person could easily hold multiple wallets totaling much more than 450,000 bitcoins.  Without a denominator, this argument isn't even worth addressing.
@_date: 2012-10-17 21:44:01
Because access to bitcoin is so much easier?  Hoarding and lack of easy access is still a notable issue with bitcoin.
@_date: 2012-08-08 15:51:59
This isn't an argument against early adopters.  However if the distribution of early adopters is small, advocating for others to buy into a system comes off as a scam.  Where as in gold, the initial early adopters were higher in number and scattered across the globe.  I think the difference is rather obvious. 
@_date: 2012-12-01 19:43:54
Got it, and good to know.  That said, I agree with Cowboy_Coder.  There should be a basic setting tool that addresses this.  Still, I understand coinbase is in it's infancy and will give it slack... until other option arise that is.  Competition is king after all.
@_date: 2012-11-17 02:04:54
My point wasn't that this is a flaw that needs to be addressed, my point was that "no charge backs" isn't in itself a feature.  Sane charge-back management should be what is promoted.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:26:31
Hi Julian702.  I feel as if I have been respectful of all of your posts on this forum.  The least you can due is take the time to try and understand what I am saying, and be respectful about it.  I have an excellent grasp of how bitcoin currently works.  I am postulating how it could be improved.  I posted this below, but I will post again.
I am at a point of service (i.e. a coffee shop).
I give them my private code.
The coffee shop pulls out the agreed upon amount right infront of me, and sign the receipt noting the addresses involved in the transaction.
I am running a client at home that empties the account after seeing any spending activity in my wallet.
The client at home puts the money it pulled into another wallet for which I have the private key.
I can do the same thing again with a brand new paper wallet note.
Theoretically, the waiter could right down my private key and empty the wallet the second I walk out the door.  Further, if my client wasn't running, I could be robbed of all the money in the wallet.
My question is does the bitcoin client allow for transactions and monitoring in real time like this (it should to prevent double spending, no)? My second question, is do clients allow for automated actions like this?  My third question is could they?
 
@_date: 2012-12-17 01:35:01
This looks to be the problem, thanks.
@_date: 2012-07-22 18:47:59
So while some people do believe that drugs should be legal, taxes should be voluntary, all government information should be public, etc., many, many people do not really subscribe to this or simply don't care.  
If most people wanted illicit drugs to be legal, it would happen.  Just look at the states in the US that decriminalized it.  The problem is that people are indoctrinated into the idea that "drugs are bad" from a young age, they are not going to turn on this very easily.  
Further, people are indoctrinated into the idea that "government is good" at a young age as well.  All those "pledge of allegiance" do have an affect subconsciously on how we view our loyalties.  Further, may people are *invested* in fiat money in some way or another.  Whether it's IRA's, retirement accounts, simple saving accounts, people rely on a stable money system.  Making bitcoin into an "us vs. them" idea is not going to favor bitcoin.  If bitcoin is attempting to topple fiat money, I would fully support destroying it utterly right now.  Otherwise, I and everyone I care about would lose practically everything.  Bitcoin is a useful tool, not a revolutionary weapon.  
Finally, how the hell does anything I said make me a bot for DC?  How does that even make sense?  This us vs them attitude is exactly the problem I am pointing out.
@_date: 2012-10-18 19:33:56
So, my point is not, nor has it ever been that something is wrong with bitcoin or that it is an inferior currency.  In fact I feel quite the opposite.  Nor am I saying you don't have relevant points (with the exception of your interpretation of the hoarding situation, I simply disagree).  
My point is that stating a destabilizing economy should switch to bitcoin *in its current state,* for increased stability makes little sense.  It could very much be jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire.
@_date: 2012-07-22 16:13:38
I wouldn't say "fluff" exactly.  While it is unnecessary from a use case scenario, it does provide confidence in individuals accepting the paper as it mimics something we have grown up considering valuable.
@_date: 2012-08-08 15:54:16
The bit coin "gold rush" lasted less than a year, and was still isolated to a small group of people "in the know".  This is highly unlike any other currency that developed organically. 
@_date: 2012-12-17 21:13:25
1. I think the point is that the exchange rates combined with the transaction rate might end up matching that of a wire transfer.  Plus, you missed the fee associated with **funding** the exchange in the first place.  Many exchanges require funding to be made by.. wire transfer.  Thus defeating the whole benefit.
2. People need a "real" bank because they need fiat to pay taxes and most bills.  So the benefit of being your own bank is limited.  Plus, why the hell would I want to risk price fluctuations in bitcoin for paying bills?  I buy at $15, price drops to $11 and my bill is up.  I don't get to wait for price recovery.  In fact, you never keep your working account in an asset, you shouldn't even do this with stocks.
3. You probably shouldn't jump from "average person" to "merchant," as most average people aren't merchants.  Further, if I get payed in fiat posses some bitcoin, why would I pay in bitcoin?  The merchant accepts fiat (no doubt), and while my bitcoins may be increasing in value, my fiat isn't.  So there is no motivation to buy in anything but fiat from a consumer point of view.
6. Why would someone accept free transactions?  As the mining payout goes down, transactions will be the only motivation to continue mining. 
@_date: 2012-12-08 18:38:13
So, what you are proposing is a combination of a credit union, coinbase, and Kiva?  Actually, this might work if implemented correctly.  
The real problem is why?  Why would a company like coinbase start sharing its profits with a bunch of other people when they can operate fine without them?  It just adds more risk (you owe more people money) and little benefit (you get less of the profits).
@_date: 2012-10-17 21:58:01
By charge, I mean monitoring a wallet.  For example, lets say I have 100btc in a wallet.  A merchant gets my private key and deducts 20btc right in front of me.  I know they pulled 20btc because I can see it on their POC system.  
My client at home is constantly monitoring my account.  I is set clean out an account once it sees a deduction of any kind being made.  So my client sees 20btc being pulled out, and auto removes the remaining 80btc and dumps it into a new wallet.  I know the sequence in which my client chooses wallets, so I have a "check" for the next wallet in my pocket (with public and private keys).  I can hand another merchant the new "check" and the process repeats.  
My question is would it be possible to do this, or are the delays in information transfer to great?  Are there any other limitations that I'm not thinking of?
@_date: 2012-02-02 19:04:31
Base it in Rome or the dark ages so you can charge a small fee for bank protection instead of paying out interest.
@_date: 2012-10-18 02:27:49
And it does.  And it caused (causes) major problems.  Which was one of the main reasons the US moved from the gold standard.  Which is also why some people choose not to invest in gold.  
What's your point?
@_date: 2012-09-24 05:59:24
So I actually though about this.  I google searched how many US dollars there are in circulation, and came up with roughly 10 trillion. Now, bitcoin will have roughly 21 million when all coins are mined.  Plus, it has eight possible decimal places.  So in reality bitcoin has 21 million x 10^8 individual units possible, while USD has 10 trillion x10^2 units possible (counting cents).  Guess which number is bigger?  Well its bitcoin at 2.1e15 to 1e15 USD, i.e bitcoin will have a little more than twice the total currency units in USD today (excluding fractions of cents).  Neat huh? 
@_date: 2012-05-12 21:45:59
Aren't there mods for things like this?
@_date: 2012-05-26 21:17:30
How so if you pay with cash?
@_date: 2012-10-18 16:55:32
This is an excellent point that I did not think of.  Kudos good Sir.
@_date: 2012-07-23 02:58:03
Ah, I do vaguely remember that from programing.  Actually, using programing language in everyday grammer might be an interesting endeavor.
@_date: 2012-10-17 21:33:29
This may seem like an odd offer, but I live in the SF (by the ballpark).  I'll meet you in person and buy you anything (legal) you like in exchange for the conversion in bitcoin.  Food or coffee from the ferry building, tickets for an Alcatraz tour,  or just a beer.  Let me know if you're interested.  
@_date: 2012-12-08 00:01:11
Well, even if loans were done in bitcoin, there would be a limited number of individuals who could fully capitalize on that. 
Lets say I'm starting a bakery, and I ask for a bitcoin loan.  I use the bitcoin to buy the things I need to start the bakery.  I am very successful and generating money.  
My bitcoin loan has interest on it of course.  So now I need to pay it back.  Well, bitcoin also appreciates in value, so I need to pay back both the natural interest in bitcoin, *and* the interest on my loan.
Even if I accept payment in bitcoin, the price of baked goods is generally stable.
This gets back to one of the basic concepts in loans, you want get a loan when the currency has a high purchasing power, and pay back your loan when the currency has decreased in purchasing power.
loaners want the opposite of course, however, if the jump is too high, everyone will default.  
Basically, one must find investments that will generate more value than just holding bitcoins.  This will be true until bitcoin stabilizes in value.  One would not have sold Apple stock a few years ago to invest in a laundry mat.
@_date: 2012-12-01 17:35:22
Yes, mail gold out of the country on the hope of bitcoin being sent to an included address.  I see absolutely no problems with this plan.
@_date: 2012-05-13 07:07:37
Ok, point taken.  Still, I would rather not see an entire post dedicated to a joke.  Especially not in the bitcoin subreddit.  Reddit has degraded into useless jokes, sarcasms, and memes too much already in my opinion, it has already spilled into some of the other serious subreddits.
@_date: 2012-04-25 16:37:46
Wow, you were doing so well.  Reading this sub-thread was like watching a runner celebrating right before the finish line, then losing.  You imply that umoleccc's statement is useless because he would be drawing a conclusion from correlation, yet state that there is evidence for your statement after a very accurate statement about the lack of control groups was made.
I'm not saying who is right or wrong since I don't know.  But from a pure logical and argumentative strategy perspective I would have to side with unconscionable.  
If you are not commenting to inform others or change opinions, I'm not sure why you are doing it.  Especially given that this is a relatively small subreddit so similar minded people will likely be reading it.  Honestly, that last part about prove my wrong came of as ignorant, childish, and/or trollish.  You might want to use a different strategy if you are actually trying to change people's opinions.
@_date: 2012-12-23 10:08:49
I agree, but I've seen just as much BS from the other side: 
Blatant disregard for the Keynesian definition of inflation and deflation.
Dismissal of discussions regarding fee pricing, profitability of mining, and potential for market manipulation at the current level of available coins given the amount possessed by some.
When I point out that market manipulation is still a real possibly, get told I'm wrong, point out the "pirate" issue, then get told that was a one time thing and I'm an astroturfer, I think it is equally annoying.
The thing is just because some people attack bitcoin, doesn't mean every criticism of bitcoin is an attack.  
For example, while I personally think hoarding is an issue, I also think it brings benefit in a) increasing prices which b) increase interest in bitcoin.  People simply care more when a digital coin is worth $13 USD.  Whether hoarding will grow into a problem in the future is up to debate.  However, someone says "it's anyone's guess" and not "everything will be fine" on this site, they get attacked.  Really, people need to act more rational on both sides, which gets to the point that people tend to not act rational.  Especially on the internet.
I don't know, to much freedom for some people I guess.
@_date: 2012-10-19 16:56:11
Your right, just like no one has ever killed, died, or maimed to please an invisible sky daddy.  You really can't make an appeal to some "basic rational," given that the most logical rational would be to keep the current system (which *is* what most people are doing btw). 
@_date: 2012-10-17 23:59:09
Bitcoin doesn't lack a propensity to collapse, it has collapses several times in the past.  In fact, if the USD had lost value like bitcoin did recently, it would be a world disaster.
I think what you mean is that bitcoin is less capable of being manipulated by issuers, and that historically, fiat currency has shown the trend of collapsing.  Independence from an issuing body means less capacity to be purposely devalued or otherwise manipulated.  Saying anything else is just plain disingenuous.
@_date: 2012-09-24 13:20:00
So, you shouldn't make assumptions.  The numbers came from [here](  As you can see, they used stored wealth.  So yeah.
But you're right about comparing current to future.  Though the point was to suggest that bitcoin in fact had enough units to support a world economy (as usd largely does).  This doesn't even take into consideration the fact that more decimal places can actually be (easily) added to the code so long as a majority of the people running bitcoin accepted the update.
Basically, supply is definitively not a problem.
@_date: 2012-10-18 20:17:20
Question is, could we combine that process with the paper wallet art from here? 
@_date: 2012-12-08 08:48:21


Well yeah.  By basic concept I meant it was the optimum, not the norm.  Loans are suppose to deliver a return on your investment, but if the return is less than the appreciation of the currency over the same time period, then the loan isn't worth it.  Given that bitcoin is still going up in value quite a bit, a loan would simply be a poorer investment than simply holding bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-11-04 00:47:07


Now that you mention it, it makes sense.  Perhaps English isn't a first language for him/her.  Still, saying "it's an easy mistake to make" doesn't really apply when you are asking for a grand up front. 
@_date: 2012-10-18 04:06:33


You realize this exact thing happened to bitcoin just months ago right?  You are literally saying something that actually happened can never happen.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:20:39
Ok, lets say we have 1000 bitcoins in existence.  Between about ten people, 900 bitcoin are being "hoarded."  As a result, people are using 100 bitcoin broken down into micro bitcoins.  The price per micro bitcoin climbs dramatically due to it becoming the default unit of currency.  
Why the hell would I support this system?  At any time, the few people holding the 900 bitcoins could saturate the market A) devaluing the currency and screwing anyone currently holding, and B) make lots of money off of screwing me.  It's like a hooker taking a client knowing they will get beaten and robbed after.  
@_date: 2012-02-02 17:03:27
More easily would be to have server side and/or client side mining.  The idle servers could mine while the client only mines if they choose to.  You could allow them to travel to an official mine that guarantees a payout (i.e. a pool), or mine on their own with much lower chance of getting anything (i.e. individual mining).  
The game developer can charge a small fee for getting outside bitcoins into the game world, or taking inside bitcoins out of the game world.  Exchanges can allow an associated credit card to be used to purchase ingame money.  
Finally, if you get robbed in game, you lose your money.  Banks can be offered to hold the larger sums.
@_date: 2012-01-10 15:44:57
You keep making unqualified statements that simply aren't true.  Companies don't invest in new drugs or devices.  The government promotes investment in these areas with orphan disease status and funding.
NIH (sorry about the previous misspelling) research can be patented by the research facility.  [The patents can then be shared with industry](  Further, industry can expand on a patented project gaining exclusivity.  Genentech is based on research done at UCSF, they even got sued over it initially.  UCSF did not fund this research privately.  
Healthcare costs in the US are the highest, and by almost every metric we have the most inferior. 
Healthcare shouldn't be an industry.  Industry implies profits, and healthcare in itself is often too expensive to pay for as an individual.  It would (again) be like privatizing all roads.  Oh, and costs have skyrocketed because we have gotten better at healthcare.  People are living longer with more chronic disease states.  Continuous treatment is more costly than non-continuous, chemo is expensive as hell.  Adoption will never health this industry like others, because we can not assume that "most people" will have the same disease in the future.  As such, no mass adoption, no mass production, no lowering of costs.  Statins have drops because of the baby boomers, do you really think this will somehow benefit lung cancer surgery?  
You can't say the government is a bad manager of a system then have examples to the contrary in multiple other nations.
How is healthcare a "Private Good"!?  Do you think drug resistant TB incubation among the homeless will never affect you?  Do you think the turn away from inoculations didn't cause deaths?  Healthcare shouldn't "move fast".  There is no need or benefit to healthcare moving at a fast pace.  Massive amount of lives and money would be saved if we just re-evaluated the current system and made small changes.  
I know everyone has an option, but you really shouldn't argue about things you don't understand.  You can't say "socialization increases costs", when the least socialized system costs the most.  Seriously, you can't make opinions or un-investigated, then uses those to argue points.  This is no better than the government officials you deem so ineffective.  In fact its worse given that these people have aids.
I'm just going to stop now, as it seems I am debating with someone who is not arguing based on facts, and doesn't seem to really know what they are talking about.  I really can't see you arguing for fast inovation within healthcare and actually be a healthcare worker.  Otherwise you would know how deadly that could be.
@_date: 2012-10-18 16:59:02
This goes back to a simple "devil you know" rationalization.  Most people would rather use a tried and true system with issues, than a new system with few users.  
Further, sell offs are an issue with gold, and many people avoid gold for this very reason.  This is especially true right now, given that gold is so over-valued. 
@_date: 2012-11-11 18:11:52
More importantly, it's advocating for allowing money to be stolen from anyone who puts some of their coins in cold storage.
@_date: 2012-10-04 05:47:39
It's kind of funny that I had an idea strikingly similar to this a few days ago.  I guess I was beaten to the punch.
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:39:40
Thanks for taking the time to provide a link to a service instead of just arguing why I'm wrong.  Theoretical debates are fun and all, but I was really looking for concrete examples.  Thanks for providing one, I have not seen this service before.  
Between bitcoin-otc this, I have a bit of ~~stalking~~ observing of news to do before I can reach any new conclusions.
@_date: 2012-01-07 22:40:22
Because due to the high chance of bitcoins increasing in value, people are only trading for things they really need or are hard to get.  Drugs obviously qualify.
Edit: Until this changes, bitcoin will have a difficult time achieving its goal as being a "currency" and not just a method of currency exchange. currency transfer, or storage of value.
@_date: 2012-12-31 03:50:59
What about long term investments like factories, farms, or stores?  They would have to beat deflation to be worth it.  This could be troublesome for innovation in niche markets.
@_date: 2012-12-01 17:33:05
True, but not in large amounts.  They are under international *and* US sanctions.  Saying they have "access" to USD is like saying they have "access" to Euros.
@_date: 2012-11-09 16:18:14
Basically, this guy linked to a false statement, stated that his link is gospel truth, and refuses to accept anything refuting it even if it's more recognized as accurate.  Further, he won't even accept basic logic.
This type of shit is why Wikipedia really needs to elect public curators of its pages/sections.  That way people can actually be held responsible for their BS.  Further, people like this need to be banned.
@_date: 2012-10-18 00:11:58
Clearly I suck at explanations (which is bad given that english is my first language).  
I am at a point of service (i.e. a coffee shop.
I give them my private code.
The coffee shop pulls out the agreed upon amount right infront of me, and sign the receipt noting the addresses involved in the transaction.
I am running a client at home that empties the account *after* seeing any spending activity in my wallet.  
The client at home puts the money it pulled into another wallet for which I have the private key.
I can do the same thing again with a brand new paper wallet note.
*Theoretically, if my client wasn't running, I could be robbed of all the money in the wallet.*
My question is does the bitcoin client allow for transactions and monitoring in real time like this (it should to prevent double spending, no)?  My second question, is do clients allow for automated actions like this?
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:26:45
Well as you suggest, most of the people who got involved in bitcoin in it's very early stages did so because it was a hobby for them.  Further, no, I don't really consider "groking" through a whitepaper or coding a command line client to be "work" if one does it as a hobby.  It is the same as someone who does astronomy or restores old furniture.  People happened to get involved in something for the novelty, and it happened to make them lots of money.  However, if they don't choose to sell, it may happen to make them extremely rich and powerful within the bitcoin economy.
Further, not everyone who did cpu mining actually contributed anything else to the bitcoin community.  Suggesting otherwise is rather manipulative.  I've downloaded and played with ReactOS, that doesn't make me a developer for the project.
@_date: 2012-01-16 17:46:59
I have tried a little with donations, since the addresses are easier to obtain.  However, it's difficult to establish a trend, and I have limited time with classes.  I may come back to it in a year.  Then again, hopefully by then I can use bitcoins to buy anything. 
@_date: 2012-10-20 03:25:49
Wow, this this entire multi-post discussion was entirely worthless.  I only consider hoarding to be a short term problem for bit coin.  I am entirely confident that it won't be an issue over time for various reasons.  My point is, and always has been that hoarding is an issue preventing mass adoption of bit coin *in the very near future.*  
This is why I posted in a thread regarding Iran adopting bit coin *in the very near future.*  
Actually, if no one is arguing for Iran to adopt bitcoin right now, why the hell has no one stated that?
@_date: 2012-12-22 23:58:27
The problem with this argument is that in practice, price isn't actually a motivator to sell.  If bitcoin shows an upward trend, and the individual sees is convinced of it's superiority (as an early adopter would likely be), they could easily hold on to their bitcoin even as the price goes up to $30/coin then drops $2.5/coin.  
Further, network activity suggests (though does not prove) this might actually be occurring.  So really, an early adopter would need some motivation to sell (like significant expenses).  An excellent example of this is stocks.  There are in fact many people who are rich today because they went long on Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, etc.  The thing is, people with similar opinions on bitcoin could gain so much more.
You also fail to account for adopters who buy back in when the market starts to recover (i.e. sell at $20/coin, then buy back in a $3/coin).
@_date: 2012-10-20 00:23:47
I have heard of inflationary tax.  But tell you what, please tell me how the Government directly collects inflationary tax.  Inflation benefits the rich over the middle class/poor.  The government didn't just say "hey, we're going to benefit the rich," they came up with a rational explanation to sell the point.
The detriment of the change may not have been worth the benefit (I agree with this), but to say that there was no detriment in the previous system is showing the exact lack of intellectual curiosity you claim I have.
So instead of trying to argue around my point, address it.
@_date: 2012-01-16 20:18:50
True.  Really, I'm looking for a reason to "go in".  The initial set up to get money into an exchange, and find a exchange which you trust is a bit of a long time.  Being in the US, I can use TradeHill or MtGox.  But both have their bad reviews.  Wire transfers cost $20 per.  I can go with btcnow for a rather steep mark up.  Really, I'm trying to justify "buying in". 
@_date: 2012-12-14 18:57:26
At first I was skeptical because people on this forum tend to label anyone who disagrees with the norm an astroturfer.  But yea, this guy is a hardcore astroturfer.
@_date: 2012-07-29 16:52:05
Wow, that sucks.  Still, you should switch to a different bank or credit union.  There are plenty of options.  With the internet, you typically don't have to go into a financial institution physically.  Basically, enough competition exists that you don't have to feel you are getting abused.
@_date: 2012-11-02 23:48:45
Even if they are whores, it still means he got laid, thus invalidating thematt's comment (as was the point).
@_date: 2012-05-10 20:14:44
Ah, I recognized the sarcasm, but not the connection to politicians.   Without that I thought you were criticizing a FBI response that I didn't know about.   My mistake.
@_date: 2012-12-23 09:31:15
Well, this is precisely my point, so I don't really know how to reply... I agree?  


This was also my point.  If someone doesn't have the knowledge base to understand the logic behind bitcoin, this is in fact the only logical reaction (as anything else would effectively be "blind trust").  As such, rather than get irrationality upset (as some people seem to be getting at my post), bitcoin advocates should just smile and keep stating the facts.  Eventually, people will figure it out.  However, this whole jet vs. sharks mentality that many in the community adopt is not very productive.
@_date: 2012-12-14 02:12:46
Yep.  The term dial has never come up in any other context to any great extent.  In thinking about it, I have rarely heard it used for heating systems.  Why, was this obvious to you at a young age?
@_date: 2012-12-01 06:44:52
While I get the idea behind your statement, I think you miss the point of this service.  Coinbase is trying to become the paypal of bitcoins.  In my opinion, this represents the "killer app" the bitcoin community has been looking for.
* Like paypal you can easily connect your bank account and later receive coins.
* You can easily store coins, receive coins, and send them to others.
* The developer has a public face which mitigates fears of a scam.
This finally fits the scenario of the "western union."  One can convert fiat to coins, send them to another person, then have that person convert coins to fiat.  Further, all this can be done simply and easily.  The main problem now is that it can't be done quickly.  However, I think this will be addressed as the start-up matures a bit and gains more trust in its users.
Really, my biggest concern with this system is with your coin amount being displayed in two decimal places (i.e. 0.00).  Given bitcoin is also about micropayments, this may pose a problem.  More importantly, it gives the fear that transactions may be cutting out some of your coin fractions.  An example is that I transfered  0.078xxxxx BTC into this account as a test, and it displays as 0.07 BTC added to my account.  Not sure if software glitch or got screwed. 
@_date: 2012-01-23 06:31:26
So this argument is based on individual benefit and not any overall improvement to the bitcoin system?
@_date: 2012-05-10 17:04:47
I think this is an assessment of a new technology.  I'm betting there are assessments of the telephone at most of its iterations.  I'm almost positive they exist for prepay phones.
Also, I didn't see any point that recommended banning already.  Could you point it out?
@_date: 2012-10-17 20:27:30
Um, this isn't the issue.  Anything one wants in bitcoin, they can buy in fiat currency (and probably are).  I mean, people holding bitcoin are obviously buying food and housing right?  Look at bitmarket or bitmit, there are significantly more sellers than buyers.  This is a problem.  
The fact is, many are holding bitcoin as a method of making money (like holding gold or stock).  They have no interest in advancing the currencies adoption, just profiting on it when (if) it happens.
@_date: 2012-08-13 22:23:12
Ok, so reading that, it didn't come off as at least a little elitist in your mind?  Not at all?  I mean there are people who have won Nobel prizes who you are basically stating have a inferior understanding of economics to yours.
But even if you believe that, and even if it were true, you plan to insult anyone who talks to you having a mainstream understanding of economics and actually believe they will be willing to continue a conversation with you?  Oh yeah, *and* not even explain how or why they are incorrect?  That's the most hipster shit I have ever heard in my entire life.
@_date: 2012-12-19 00:33:21
I am actually.  In fact, it started shortly after I set it up.  I initially thought that was it, but I'm still using it, and the problem has resolved.
@_date: 2012-10-19 16:32:39
Dude, you haven't given a single reasonable counter yet.  "Gold is the same," "countries hold bonds."  The dynamics of countries are entirely different then individuals.  Believing a individual would accidentally do something against the best interests or people like them (like sell their house below market, causing the market to crash) is completely different than a country doing something which may be in their best interests. 
During he US debt ceiling crisis, other countries did threaten to sell off US bonds to our detriment.  They didn't because A) the US responded, and B) they new the US would retaliate.  But lets think about what happened.  Those countries had NEGOTIATION POWER.  This means that accepting bitcoin for Iran, Italy, Greece, or any African country means accepting random crypto nerds as having *significant* power over your financial further through price fluctuations.
Further, this isn't a theoretical problem.  Have you even seen all the posts about "how do I get bitcoins?"  Have you noticed that they all effectively end with "using fiat."  If the only way to acquire bitcoin is with fiat, most people aren't buying *things* with bitcoin, most bitcoins aren't even being traded (up to 78%), and most merchants don't accept bitcoin for fear of major fluctuations due to sell offs, then I'm not trolling.  The truth is you have no idea how to answer my questions and just want to return to the circle jerk.  If you actually bothered to look at my posting history, you would know that I have never ignored a reasonable point.
And confidence troll?  I'm a Pharmacy Student dumb-ass.  We're taught to evaluate the pros and cons of our decisions and to side with the most conservative choice.  Most of the people I know (grad students, med students, pharmacy students, nursing students) don't even know bitcoin exists.  The very few who do consider it a scam or fad.  I actually find it of interest, and want to know more.
If you can't easily counter arguments outside of the statement "they do it too."  No one will trust you, that's the simple truth of it.  Someone like me (but with better credentials) is going to give the same arguments, or even less reasonable ones, and people are going to eat it up.  If you know how to counter it, do it.  If USD or gold functions in a similar way, show how they are similar.  Please, show me how 78% of USD are completely out of public transactions, and I'm not talking about redeemable bonds (which could be created using bitcoin as well), I'm talking about good old "M1" cold hard cash.  Can't?  Ok.  Well how about you show me how Gold fluctuations haven't been cited as a major economic problem during the gold standard years.  Show me how gold fluctuations contributed in no way to the Great Depression, and why every historian and economist who suggests this fact is wrong.  Can't, Ok...
People within this little sub-reddit all having the same opinion means nothing.  You can't counter prevailing theory with circle jerk, you need actual evidence or at least logic.  But if you still think I'm a confidence troll, fine.  Lets put it this way them, my lack of confidence circle jerk is bigger than yours, adapt. 
@_date: 2012-08-13 18:08:17


Incorrect, as seen on the bitcoin [wiki]( this is not the only thing the statement refers to.  Though perhaps you are correct and should contact the wiki editors to inform them of their mistake.  You should also contact the editors of several economics text books while you are at it.
@_date: 2012-11-03 07:55:18
Could stores like this which offer prices in $ provide "cash back" in bitcoin?  It would promote use of their store (as it would be a good way of getting bitcoin as well), it would lower the risk of charge backs (since they provided a physical good), and it would get bitcoin in the hands of more people.  
Seriously, why has no store I've seen offered a bitcoin rebate of any kind?
@_date: 2011-12-06 23:47:43
Hmm, good point.  I hadn't thought about the problems associated with namecoin being used as currency.  As the value goes up, so does the cost of a dns adress.  That could be a real problem.  I does make more sense to have it as a separate project exchangeable for bitcoins. 
As far as my first comment goes.  I understand that something is valued at what people are willing to pay for it.  I was simply pointing out that it is important to keep perspective.  People bought into bitcoin under the impression that they would own a sizable potion of the worlds currency in the future.  As such, they should have been either A. in it for the long haul, or B. not willing to buy in.  The fact is, people aren't going to use a currency that is already severely unevenly distributed, especially when you can see how unevenly distributed it is (by the nature of the system).  Logically, it should take years, or even decades for bitcoin to replace fiat currency to such an extent that an investment would pay off.  My point was that it made no sense to buy into bitcoin based on a price increase due to hoarding and not increased adoption.  $30 without a viable (legal) economy was ridiculous.  I really can't see higher that $5 until at least a few people can live entirely off bitcoins without requiring an exchange, given that until this happens it is basically just an augmentation of the current finance system.
@_date: 2011-12-20 02:21:39
I honestly would, but it doesn't seem many sells have been made.  I would guess you need a larger buying community?  Or I could be wrong.  How many sells do you see per month roughly?
Also, how do you handle payment?  Do you implement an escrow system or is it on the honor system?  The website is nice, but I would like to see something that makes this more reliable than r/bitmarket.
@_date: 2011-12-07 03:55:35
No prob.  Personally I think bitcoin or a close derivative will succeed.  Although I would enjoy debating/arguing the finer points of its use and future, I really have other stuff I have to focus on right now.  Like finals. 
@_date: 2011-12-25 18:14:03
This guy fails to consider the limited amount of bitcoins available.   Anything in limited amounts is useful for holding value.  Bitcoin is both a money transfer protocol, and a currency.  Failing to see this is failing to understand bitcoin.
@_date: 2011-12-09 01:14:32
My argument is that the current benefits of bitcoin do not counter the annoyances.  The annoyances are the cost of obtaining them, limited ability to use them, and disbelief in the price.   
People won't want bitcoins then be turned away by the price, people will look into something out of pure curiosity then get turned away by the price.  You are arguing based on a solid demand, but there is none.  Most people don't feel a need to have their spending difficult to track, they don't care that their credit card history is sold to advertisers, or can be obtained by governments.  
What exactly is there that will compel someone to convert their money into bitcoins for a fee, or wait for a week or so to put money into an exchange then try to obtain a fair price?  I can buy things with money *right* *now*.  Bitcoin has yet to provide a compelling use for the *average* *person*.  Psychological factors will keep people from using it out of curiosity.  
You said it yourself, supply/demand set price.  So if you are arguing from a position of truth and not opinion, where is the demand?  We certainly have a supply.  At *this* *moment* the only demand is speculation.  If no **real** demand is generated, there is no reason to use bitcoin.  
Demand being filled by supply is the basis for economics.  Physiology and appearances help generates demand.  This is a well known economic fact.  Honestly however I don't see a point to arguing this.  The price fell to were I felt it should currently be based on my personal assessment of reasonable perceived value.  If bitcoin takes off, the value will go up, but the perception of value will go up as well ("bitcoins are worth a $30, but I can get lots of cool stuff with it").  So this argument is pointless.  If a real demand is created your assessment that the price will go up will prove correct.  Until then, the price will languish at a point partially effected by physiology.
So I am truly not sure what you are going on about.  If people don't "feel" that bitcoins aren't worth more than $5, why are they currently less than $5?  
@_date: 2011-12-08 18:15:03
Yes and no.  Gold is an accepted expense.  We have been taught since childhood that gold in expensive.  It can be classified more as an investment like stocks or bonds than a currency.  However, even with that knowledge, many people are still surprised by the high price of gold.  
If bitcoins are an investment they won't be spent.  If bitcoins aren't spent merchants won't see value in accepting them. If merchants don't see value real value estimates are difficult to create.  If it's difficult to assess real value, bitcoins are a poor investment device (though I think we already agree on this).
Another example is other countries currency.  Most US citizens feel that any country having a currency worth as much as ours or more is a direct indicator of a weak economy that has to be "fixed".  I doubt these individuals would easily accept a currency that costs more due to it's inherent nature. 
You probably remember that one of the driving factors behind gold price acceptance among non-financial individuals was Glen Beck.  Seriously.  Although many people dislike him, he has a large following.  If he had not railed on about how the US was going to fail, and everyone should buy gold, it would likely be much more suppressing to people now.  Further, gold isn't used as an everyday currency.  If it was, I am willing to bet that the price would not fluctuate as rapidly.  Gold is increasing in value, but its fluctuations are also aided significantly by a decrease in value of many fiat currencies.  I doubt this is a factor in bitcoin fluctuations.
If a trusted service or figure head supports bitcoin, price should not be a significant problem.  But if it is spread by word of mouth only, it will be.  There are options around this however, just change the decimal point in most wallets.  Bitcoins become decibits.  Problem solved.
We are arguing based on opinion here, and although I see your point I really don't agree.  I can't provide an example to prove my point, and unless gold becomes an everyday currency, you can't provide one to prove yours.  
@_date: 2011-12-19 05:18:53
This is one of the best ways of acquiring bitcoins that I have seen.
@_date: 2011-12-28 19:41:16
Although I agree on all points, I think you two are talking about two different subjects.  You are talking about bitcoin internal stability, he is talking about wide acceptance.
To an extent, bitcoin is reminding me of the linux vs proprietary os conflict.  From a internal stability argument linux "won" (it has an self contained ecosystem).  However, from a mass acceptance argument linux "lost" (most people think it's for nerds).
The problem is that just like linux, bitcoin people never clarify their goal for the project.  Linux continued to progress in internal stability, yet claimed these progressions would help with mass acceptance.  They did not, nor would they ever.  When people explain this, developers and users balked.
Basically, what the general public wants, and what the bitcoin community want are two different wants. 
The point no one seems to be clearly making however is that bitcoin doesn't need mass acceptance or adoption for mass use.  Most people interact with linux whether they like it or not because many (if not most) servers run linux.  Massive amounts of the larger software ecosystem is ran by linux, and this was a direct result of linux focusing on internal stability rather than wide acceptance.  The fact that there is no desktop linux may be annoying to the linux evangelists, but it means nothing to the importance of the software.  Linux *is* fundamentally important to the world without being important to most people.
Bitcoin is the same way.  If a few business ventures use bitcoin to send and receive money across the world, do it in a transparent fashion utilizing (more advanced) exchanges, and can keep fees well below current systems, these businesses will flourish.  If these companies provide credit or debit card like systems for which work for any bitcoin accepting vendor at a fraction of the cost of the current credit networks, they will get accepted.  If the current financial system melts down due to over printing of money and inflation, bitcoin will be a viable safe harbor just like precious metals or even fine wines.
The point is bitcoin doesn't need to work to gain general acceptance because the masses are fickle.  Gaining the public mind will only be useful for a short time.  Creating an internally secure, independent ecosystem will allow others to build on the systems back.  
You can't build without a foundation.  Bitcoin is trying to replace the foundation, not build on top of the old one.  Whatever forms on the back of the bitcoin foundation should not be the current developers concern.
TL;DR: Neither of you are wrong.  The guys arguments are a proper counter to the people saying that bitcoin will gain mass adoption.  The problem is the people arguing for mass adoption are wrong.  Bitcoin needs to create a stable, internal system which can be built upon.  The developers are currently doing just that.
@_date: 2011-12-29 02:29:34
Um, bitcoin doesn't have preprogramed inflation.  It does generate new bitcoins, but the amount generated goes down over time until it hits (effectively) zero.  Further, use of bitcoin is generally expected to go up.  As such, bitcoin has build in *deflation*.
@_date: 2011-12-01 15:39:06
People claim to have been "hacked" when they forget to log out of facebook on a public computer.  The term was already getting applied gingerly by technophiles and DIY'ers, it is now quickly getting adopted by the uninformed majority.  In a few more years it will mean next to nothing. 
@_date: 2011-12-28 17:59:50
Just out of curiosity, what have you done with your coins so far?  
I only ask because I don't want to jump into bitcoins as an investment, I would like to use them for their initial intended purpose.  I personally feel that if everyone jumps in to make money again, the whole thing will crash (again).
@_date: 2011-12-09 12:46:00
My logic was that when a viable demand exists at least a few people will be able to trade bitcoins for everyday services, therefor never requiring an exchange.  I was using this phenomenon as a marker of a certain level of viability in the bitcoin economy, and I personally (still) don't see see the price going over $5 until that point is reached.
 
No one can fully "close the loop in a bitcoin economy", price ~$5
A "few" people can "close the loop", price increases beyond $5
Many people can close the loop, price significantly above $5
You are saying "when bitcoin has a real demand its price will increase".  I am saying "when bitcoin has a real demand at least a few people will be able to use it to buy food and shelter".  I am also adding that I personally don't see bitcoin going over $5 until it has a real demand.  So it seems we have no reason to continue this discussion.  Perhaps I wasn't clear in my previous post.
@_date: 2011-11-03 05:37:02
As I am ignorant on the matter, I have to ask; how would fractional reserve banking work with bitcoin, or would it work at all?  I know people find problems with fractional reserve banking, but in reality, so long as it is done responsibly, it is a valuable asset to society.
The system of verification would seem to inhibit this practice.  So unless a separate note is created (like dollar vs gold during the gold standard), fractional reserve banking is impossible.
Honestly, unless society becomes *significantly* more magnanimous, I doubt we would be able to achieve many of the advancements made in society without loans.  Further, I don't see loans being particularly viable unless one is able to reserve less money then is necessary to pay back everyone invested in the bank.  From my understanding, banks give interest based on the fact that they function as mini investment companies, giving out loans with interest.  People invested in the banks are effectively invested in the loans. 
@_date: 2011-12-26 05:01:23
Well, examples can be found to the contrary.  However, baseball cards, sports illustrated, comic books, artist paintings, vintage wines, rare coins, snow globes, clocks, watches, cars, ext. all suggest I have a point.  If you are going to provide a counter argument as to why bitcoin makes a poor store of value, please due so.  However, just replying "no" adds nothing to the conversation and comes off as rather rude as well.
@_date: 2011-11-03 08:38:47
I see how bitcoin adds security.  However, it doesn't allow for interest or significant loans.  A system of direct loans could be used, similar to kick-starter but with loans instead of donations (I know a better example exists, I just can't think of one).  However, from my understanding, for fractional reserve banking to occur, the bank can't give out bitcoins, it would have to give out some bitcoin equivalent bank note.  Without standardization how would that work, and with standardization aren't we back to the dollar?
@_date: 2011-12-07 02:05:05
True, but I was more referring to hurtles for mass adoption, not hurtles to its persistant use.
I think we are going to have a difference of opinion here, and your responses give the impression that you're ready to debate.  I was really just looking for some information, and you provided what I needed.  Thanks!
@_date: 2011-12-19 18:06:27
Personally, I prefer the idea behind bit-bills better.  On an unrelated note, these physical bitcoins have an address so one can view the balance.  However, it seems to me that someone could easily accidentally send more money to one of these addresses than is actually read on the coin/bill.  Does bitcoin have a third address option which just allows viewing.
Public key - send money
Private key - collect money  
View key - see balance(?)
@_date: 2011-12-20 02:18:29
I just mean in general.  For example, someone owes you money and the physical currency is the only address you have on hand.  Or perhaps someone just sends money to the wrong address. I know it would be rare, I was just suggesting that a 5btc bill or coin that was actually more would be a bit confusing.  However, I guess it will be awhile before physical BTC are ever used, if at all.  By then a viewing key could probably be added to the generation of sending key and redeeming key.
Also, I was under the impression that these physical bitcoins would only be used in situations of either privacy (just handing over the whole wallet so their is no transfer history) or convenience (no internet access).  In the latter case, I don't see a smartphone being an option, especially given it could just be used to do an electronic transfer if connected.
@_date: 2011-11-26 20:30:57
Simple, fraud charges.  If I buy a tv from newegg then reverse the charges on my credit card, I contractually agree that I did this because I either didn't get the package, or I didn't request it.  Paperwork can show the package was shipped to me.  Typically shipping companies will have me sign for it.  
So really, the only way this will work is if the shipping company doesn't get a signature and I say I never received the package (which does happen).  In this case the shipping company pays for the package.  They keep track of this happening however, so if you do it too much you will get caught. 
Most money transfer companies don't understand bitcoin and won't accept a block chain as proof of sending (even though it's more conclusive).  Until they do, or an alternative is created, this will be a problem.   
@_date: 2011-12-19 23:49:27
Well, if these physical systems are going to replace other physical currency, then I would think some trust in the face value is needed.  If someone has a 1btc casascius coin, bitbill, or whatever, it would be rather difficult and confusing if the physical media can have more than that amount on the face.  
Imagine being at a cash register saying "I know it only says 5btc, but I had another 5btc sent to it so it's actually worth 10btc".  That works fine if the person can quickly check block explorer, but if this is not a viable option (which would make sense given the individuals are using physical media instead of electronically sending coins) then it can actually pose a problem.  
Basically, I agree that being able to add more value than the face is a feature, as it can work as a "bank card".  However, this "feature" creates the same problem seen in the adoption of linux and other technical things.  It will be confusing and difficult to work with for the general public.  
@_date: 2011-12-29 22:06:30
I'm the same but for a different reason.  I'm unwilling to buy in until a viable economy is built around bitcoin.  When I can spend the coins at a local farmers market or buy stuff online without having to solicit people or reddit/irc or wait for offers, then I will buy in.  At the moment, it seems the only benefit to bitcoin is a return on investment, but that idea is what spiked then crashed the price the first time. 
@_date: 2011-12-06 19:02:45
I never understood the logic behind bitcoin being $30 in the first place.  Bitcoin is a payout for maintaining/advancing the distributed bitcoin system.  From there, it is worth as much as the services that accept it.  Being $30 with few services that accept it made no sense.  Being $3 on the other hand is reasonable.  
On an unrelated note.  What do you think about namecoin?  It makes sense to me because the coins are redeemable for a address name in the system, so the coins will always have a baseline value so long as the system is used.  I was wondering if these projects could be merged at some time in the future.  I know you're probably not the person to ask this of.  I guess I'm just musing.  
@_date: 2011-12-08 07:30:38


This isn't about me.  I was referring to a barrier to mass adoption.  People make this silly argument because it applies to most people.  Again, we are talking about a average (US) population where people think their browser is "the internet", and "hacking" can do pretty much anything.  One thing I find problematic in tech circles is that technical people are unwilling (or unable) to see that many people don't find things simple just because they do.  So I can easily say that I could find many people who would distrust an internet currency with no physical form that was worth significantly more than a dollar.  
When creating a currency that will require the use of decimals, we should keep in mind that we are working with a population that on average hates math and thinks first year calculus is "really hard".  People work with the math of money because they are raised to, a new system has to meet their current paradigm if they are to accept it.
@_date: 2011-12-15 07:42:10
Not sure who is down voting you, or me for that matter.  
I personally doubt the price of bitcoin would stay high for any great length of time if McDonalds were to accept them given that most people would have to put money into acquiring them, and have no real benefit to doing so.  They would just stick to their credit card as always.  It would be like American McDonalds accepting Euro, or Gold, I don't see it changing the fact that most people have dollars, and will use the money they have at hand.  This is my opinion however.  
But your right, this conversation has grown pointless.  Perhaps I did not convey my original point effectively, or perhaps I am simply wrong.  At any rate, we will see in the near future.  If bitcoin climbs to around $5 then stagnates, my assessment may very well be correct.  If it zooms right past $5, then I was completely mistaken.
At any rate, good day to you, it was an interesting conversation.
@_date: 2011-12-13 20:29:01
Just curious, why is there no option to unencrypt ones wallet?
@_date: 2011-12-10 07:24:50
I think you provide the address.
@_date: 2011-12-29 18:25:56
Just three things.  
If you are going to argue Austrian economics, you should probably state so instead of just making claims.  This is really bad form unless you are its developer.  
This definition doesn't explain gold which is increasing in value against goods but is also increasing in amount due to mining.  So either, gold is being destroyed at a faster rate than it is being created, or their are some nuances of economics ignoring for the sake of modeling. 
I agree with most of your points, but I think you should keep in mind that all of these are models of a complex system.  So either you believe one theory is *more* correct (in which case there may be things that are ignored for the sake of the model), or you believe a particular model is absolute (which is honestly absurd).  
As andrewla noted.  Austrians believe price volatility can happen independently of currency supply.  I agree that your arguments are pretty much spot on.  I disagreed with you hardline view of definitions, that is all. 
At any rate, it seems we are arguing semantics at this point which is really a waste of time for both of us.  Good day to you. 
@_date: 2011-12-26 16:32:26
My point was that a massive amount of things in limited amount can be used as currency.  But your right, "anything" was a bit of an exaggeration.  However, the fact that this was an exaggeration is not strictly relevant to the conversation.  
Further, rather than clarifying yourself you just posted "no", which in itself can be interpreted in more than one way ("nothing in limited amount has value" is one viable interpretation).
"I see your point, but "anything" is a bit of a stretch".  Would have been a far better comment given that you are basically pointing out my lack of precision when using the english language.  Alternatively you really thought I meant "anything" in which point I would suggest you read for context rather than specific points you could counter, as you comment suggest you disagree with the overall idea. 
@_date: 2011-12-07 03:53:09
My point was that from a pure use standpoint of what can be purchased with bitcoins, how easy they are to acquire, how easy they are to maintain, and how easy they are to usem I was estimating a reasonable price of about 5 dollars.  
Reasoning being that a large amount of people would be thrown of by the idea that one unit of currency (one coin) is worth a significant number of dollars.  I was estimating 5 to be around the amount that people would be willing to accept.  The higher the investment price on things, the more wary people are to get invested.  Further, many trading sites had the minimum set to 1btc.  So if someone wanted to play with $10 worth of bitcoins, it would be somewhat difficult.  So basically, I pulled the prices out of thin air, but they are based on my observations of human behavior.
On sites like reddit we often throw around how easy things are to understand.  However, I think a lot of the time we forget that many non-technophiles are confused by things as simple as the difference between the address bar and search box.
I think bitcoin is an excellent alternative to paypal.  Or at least it could be if someone set up an instant, or near instant exchange system so that non-technical people can put in money and have it converted to bitcoin, transfered, and converted back (or not) near instantly.  
I personally believe that having people hold bitcoins is a bad idea.  It exposes people who just want a solid pay system to significant fluctuation.  I imagine paypal wouldn't be used much if the money stored in it randomly fluctuated from $5 to $40 down to $2 then $6.
Also, I honestly don't agree that amazon accepting bitcoins would make the price go up significantly.  The price would climb on speculation, most people would make purchases in their national currency (since acquiring bitcoins would be a pain), and the price, crash back town after a few months.  However, I do believe that amazon or google checkout offering a way to convert money to bitcoin would increase its worth permanently.
The problem I see with bitcoin it that it's liquid once you get it, but it's difficult to get.  Even simplecoin.com will have to charge a premium for coins. If I'm going to lose money on conversion, why would I bother?  Until bitcoin can be converted at very low cost and with consistency, people are going to have to *need* it to go through the trouble of acquiring it.  The fact is most credit card using people don't require that kind of service.
I do see bitcoin taking off in the third world.  However, I will not elaborate as this post is already too long.   
@_date: 2011-12-29 06:35:30
Not sure where you got your definition of deflation, but I got mine from  intro economics and every definition I have just looked up.  If you are sure you definition is correct, would you care to provide a link?  Because:
[Per the website:]( 


[Deflationary spiral per the website]( 
[Wikipedia definition of deflation](
[Dictionary.com  definition.](
So by all of these sources, use does come into play when considering deflation.  If demand for bitcoins is higher than supply being generated, each bitcoin's "value" will go up and the currency will be considered "deflating".
Edit: actually, lets say I bought a bitcoin when it was worth $1, and now they are worth $4.  A given good which was worth 1btc when I first bought in would now be reasonably priced at 0.25btc.  So the general price value of goods and services has gone down, i.e deflation.
@_date: 2011-12-15 07:42:46
Not sure who is down voting you, or me for that matter.  
I personally doubt the price of bitcoin would stay high for any great length of time if McDonalds were to accept them given that most people would have to put money into acquiring them, and have no real benefit to doing so.  They would just stick to their credit card as always.  It would be like American McDonalds accepting Euro, or Gold, I don't see it changing the fact that most people have dollars, and will use the money they have at hand.  This is my opinion however.  
But your right, this conversation has grown pointless.  Perhaps I did not convey my original point effectively, or perhaps I am simply wrong.  At any rate, we will see in the near future.  If bitcoin climbs to around $5 then stagnates, my assessment may very well be correct.  If it zooms right past $5, then I was completely mistaken.
At any rate, good day to you, it was an interesting conversation.
@_date: 2011-11-27 01:59:47
True, but I was assuming one has received instructions on where to send the coins.  
This is akin to saying amazon.com sent my stuff to the wrong address.  They should have records of what address I told them to ship to.  If e-correspondence doesn't count, I'm curious as to how amazon.com survives.  I've never signed anything in person. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 05:41:55


I'm just going to upvote any comment or submission you make from now on regardless.  You deserve the internet points.
@_date: 2013-04-17 06:13:15
This is one way to stabilize btc to an extent.  But it won't hedge against future pump and dumps.  I honestly don't know what's coming for bitcoin, I just don't like the superior attitudes so many on this subreddit take on.  We should be supporting discussion and the bitcoin community, not chastising people who make mistakes and giving clearly manipulative/wrong advice.
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:43:50
But what would incentivise a merchant to give such a good deal if they don't *know* the price will keep going up? 
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:51:01
Um, that's just you.  I just want enough to be comfortable.  Anything else can go to bringing the quality of life of others closer to mine.  Not sure why you would want more after your needs and interests are met.  Maybe you really are just greedy?
@_date: 2013-06-07 01:12:43
So your advocating for artificially inflating the price?  Are you in favor of corporate price fixing too?
@_date: 2013-04-24 01:56:46
Because that means it functions as an exchange point?
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:50:19


But you just qualified that harm must be established.  If a third party stops a transaction to prevent harm to a 4th party, you basically argued that it is legitimate.
Further, your argument supports pretty much every action of the current financial market, because it is extremely difficult to establish individual harm.  I can't say that "because banker A sold property B that person C lost their house."  The system is far to complex.  Yes personal harm is one qualifying factor, but social harm is as well.
Even your example is too black and white to hold up.  So killing is wrong because it causes harm?  What if I kill someone for stealing my food in the desert?  Is it justified?  I it justified even if they stole enough to survive and I have plenty?  At what point do we justify harm?
Every time a spectator sells for a lower price, they are costing others money.  Does that qualify as harm?  If they bought in at $10 and sell at $120 forcing down the price, does that harm someone who bought in at $130?
Also, I'm fine with an intellectual debate.  However, don't lecture me on the absolutes of morality based solely on your opinion, especially when you just argued that your opinion is at least equal to mine.  You are either stating your opinion is superior to mine (in which case you can screw off), or you're a hypocrite (in which case you can screw off).  So yeah, those last two sentences were excessive.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:19:37
This is my current issue with bitcoin.  People keep saying that getting in now is still early adoption.  However, getting in now is also fucking risky depending on the situation.
@_date: 2013-05-18 04:50:39
Of note, I'm pretty sure you can cancel the order when it is not "locked in," where as a "locked in" order is non-reversible.  At least this is what I have seen using their service.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:43:13
 Neither are stocks.  Friend appears to not know what they are talking about.
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:05:41
Doesn't this assume no resistance within the market?  I mean, corrections don't typically happen instantaneously, and fluctuations can be disastrous. 
@_date: 2013-04-27 20:16:10
You have to consider a form of change blindness as well.  The people in line might have accepted the blocked exit as "reality," and didn't consider the fact that they can change it.  I have noticed in the gym that people often put the weights in any random location.  Further, a misplaced weight often causes another person to feel obligated to put a weight in a location they know to be wrong.
When I or another (semi-OCD) person comes over an re-racks the weights correctly then glares at the person who did it wrong because they were unwilling to take 5 seconds to move the misplaced weight, they tend not to make that mistake again.
It's a balance between filling your own needs and staying in good favor with the community.  Also, I like looking at other people like they are stupid, so I would have moved the shopping trolley.  Yeah its a poor reason, but I'm only human.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:53:17
You aren't at all, but that doesn't change the fact that you are talking absolute nonsense.  If you can't rationally support and/or defend your comments without relying on snide comments that misdirect the discussion, you really shouldn't comment in the first place.
Then again, you're right.  I should never have given you attention and fed the troll, but I actually though you had good intentions with your commments.  I'll just downvote from now on.
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:33:08
For every person who comments on what they are doing, there are plenty more who don't.  The stuff the OP is describing is the main reason bitcoin got its label as a scam in the first place.  If its users didn't come off as a religious/political cult, it would have significantly more credibility.
@_date: 2013-04-03 08:26:42
This is actually exactly what I meant.  I consider buying things to be a transfer of wealth.  As in I transfer $10 to the liquor store in exchange for more beer.  This goes into my whole "in the network" thing, since the liquor store has to accept bitcoin (be in the network) for it to be of value for you to hold it (since you want beer).
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:21:32
Very true.  Then again, people have argued that gold has been over valued for years now.   Still you point is valid.  We are essentially gambling on whether or not the people buying bitcoin actually believe in it, or are just trying to get rich quick.
The only fear I have with bitcoin compared to gold is that it is still possible for those with significant wealth (through bitcoin or otherwise) to manipulate the system.  
I think it's a risk vs. reward thing. People who can afford it should go hog wild, but I personally have student loans to pay off.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:50:04
You haven't proven me wrong at all, you just gave a broader definition of government.  The definition you shown covers dictatorships, monarchies, oligarchies, etc.  
Also, "actualization of  policy by use and initiation of force" is facilitating the distribution of services.  
But let me be more clear since you seem to want to make a trivial attempt to discredit my statement without addressing the actual idea in question.
"An organization that delivers valuable services through central control of various service delivering organizations can be considered a government.  However, a government need not deliver such services so long as it meets the most general criteria of wielding central authority and enacts a system of tax collection."
Of note, none of the above negates the point of my previous comment.
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:39:30
I don't normally like being blunt, but goddammit this logic is shortsighted and severely flawed.  Bitcoin functions as a value storage and transfer system.  It's ability to store value is dependent on its usefulness as a system to transfer value.
Paypal is a currency storage and transfer system.  As such, bitcoin is a direct competitor to paypal.  Wanting paypal to get involved to improve awareness is like wanting your favorite tech company to get bought by Microsoft in the mid-90's.  
Paypal can position itself as a wallet, exchange, or third party facilitator.  If it functions as a wallet then no big deal.  If it functions as an exchange then it fundementally handicaps the value transfer aspects of bitcoin.  If it functions as a thirdparty, it effectively removes all benefits of bitcoin to individuals (pseudo-anonymous, no charge backs) and replaces them with a "valued and trusted name."  Paypal could then easily dominate all bitcoin transactions.  Why would people use bitcoin directly when paypal "guarantees" transactions? 
In this way, paypal benefits from lower transaction fees and still keeps its dominance while effectively assimilating bitcoin.  How could people possibly want this?
Even if you say it helps bitcoin, paypal could easily "replace and extinguish" after adopting.  This should be the **exact oposite** of what anyone interested in bitcoin would want unless they are just trying to make a quick few bucks.
When bitcoin was cheap it was micro-transactions, now it's macro-transactions.  
When bitcoin was new it was replacing world currencies/financial systems, now it's being adopted and integrated by them.  
When bitcoin wasn't accepted anywhere it was "get people to accept it," now that it's wanted its "hold at all costs."  
When speculators pushed the price up it was "speculators are a key player in bitcoin's success," when they pushed the price down they were idiots or hackers who will surely lose out in the long run. 
I know bitcoin isn't a scam, but this subreddit community is really trying it's best to make it look like one.  The general opinion continues to promote anything that increases the price of bitcoin, regardless of the potential outcome. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:49:07
Bitcoin's scarcity means nothing if it isn't valued, and it's value comes from it's ability to transfer wealth.  Yes, you can hold it without it going down in value, but the important part is that you can transfer it when needed.  
Why do you think people keep posting on this site about withdraw caps and cash transaction limits?  It's because it's not easy to place those on bitcoin.


This isn't true without instant transfers.  If I pay for a shipment of 1000 coffee mugs, and the shipment takes two weeks, I just lost money over those two weeks.  However, no company is going to ship before they get paid.  Do you see the problem?  It becomes more logical to do exchange in a more stable currency.  This is especially true given all businesses must have cash on hand anyway to pay taxes.
Also, bitcoin has crashed before, saying it will go up and up is based on nothing but your wishful thinking.
Don't get me wrong, I also think it will go up.  I just think you will see a sell off in the near future.
Also, you're assuming that most of the new adopters aren't speculators which we should all know isn't true.
@_date: 2013-01-31 07:15:26
Uh, they can tax it like any other transaction, they can tax it now.  If a company sells in bitcoin in the US, and does not pay sales tax, they are risking a rather uncomfortable audit.  Same thing if they don't keep records.
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:42:04
Bitcoin's value is dependent on the network.  To be of worth in the future, the network has to expand now.  Sure I can predict it will gain wide adoption in the future due to a global financial melt down.  But I can just as easily predict every game in March Madness.  Basically, to assess bitcoin's future, you must assess the present.  Anything else is based on wishful thinking and luck (or lack there of).
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:57:33
Last reply.  I'm explaining why someone would make such a statement, which negates the need to point out the "specific" aspect of government service you don't understand.  Listing services is irrelevant because you showed a fundamental misunderstanding of the concept itself.
So either you still don't get the concept, or your purposely manipulating words in an effort to "win."  Either way, continuing this conversation is worthless.
@_date: 2013-06-07 00:47:16
I'm aware, but the ultimate goal is the same, to preserve value.  If a deflationary currency keeps losing value then there is really no logical reason to invest in it.  Not that I am saying bitcoin will lose value, I'm saying this suggestion is premature given how volatility still displayed by bitcoin.  It would make more sense to tell people to invest in gold.
@_date: 2013-07-13 15:36:06
My federal taxes say yes.
@_date: 2013-04-29 08:21:47
Can we stop using track records please?  Stocks have failed, currencies have failed, countries have failed, societies have failed, and species have failed.  That is not reason to say that current fiat systems will fail.  
Hell, gold has failed in many situations due significant inflation or deflation in regional supply.  Oh, and pegging regional currencies to other countries have proven disastrous on several occasions, suggesting that regional currencies are required.
Even if bitcoin lasts to the fucking heat death of the universe, it *will* fail eventually.  The question is which currency meets the current economic demands of the world, and in such a radically different digital age that has *nothing* to do with the failures in the past.
Bitcoin may be what is needed in the future, but supporting this with "fiat has failed before" is a trivial and useless argument.
Edit: Also, currency production isn't controlled by the government, it is controlled by the FED.  So the correct statement is that "people in the financial industry are stealing your wealth little by little."
@_date: 2013-06-09 19:53:18
I adopted for similar reasons.  However, as much as I like having control over some of my wealth, I like the convenience of a bank much more.  Being able to easily purchase items and having the bank track spending and intervene when fraud seems apparent are all rather attractive to me, I'm betting they are attractive to a lot of other people too.
Banks exist because of the convenience they offered over trying to protect your own wealth, interest was only an additional attractor.  My life is busy enough not to want to include setting up non internet connected computers, printing off paper wallets, and/or securing passwords in multiple locations.
I feel bitcoin will really take off when banks start accepting it.  That way you have the benefit of using a bank and the control of doing it all yourself if you wish.
@_date: 2013-04-25 01:41:37
Ok, lets try again.  Since paypal is much larger than btc, they can almost completely associate themselves with btc in the mind of the common man.  So paypal holds my btc, paypal transfers my btc to others (or I can do it myself with a client, but that's more "risky"), and paypal converts my btc into local currency.
Awesome right?!  Prices go up and everyone wins!  But wait, I though bitcoin was suppose to free people from the horrible rule of paypal?  Because now, bitcoin's future is tied directly to paypal.  Let's say paypal proposes a change that many miners don't like.  But they will be pushing it through regardless (forking the blockchain) and will only accept *their* version of bitcoins.  Worse, lets say paypal starts to inforce a (rather high) minimum transaction fee that is waved when you use their system.  Well, lube up and take it big boy because merchants associate btc with paypal.  You pool your coins out and transfer them on the "alternative" blockchain just once and their price drops to damn near nothing.  Paypal *owns* btc based on getting in a little early.
Even better, btc allows paypal transactions to become currency neutral.  Maybe paypal sets up a mining rig or two the size of a data center and gets it largely payed for by the government through tax loopholes for improving some shitty part of the country.  Maybe they even buy an exchange to better facilitate currency conversion.  Now they control most coins also.
Yay!  People keep associating bitcoin with paypal, people keep using banks, people keep associating btcoin with a value in fiat, and most transactions go through paypal.  So even if btc does replace traditional finance companies, it replaces them with paypal.  Paypal keeps its, arbitrary policies, freezing of accounts, reversal of payments, and (possible) reporting of "suspicious" activity to the governments of the world.  Everything anarchistic about bitcoin disappears, and paypal effectively acquires it for only a couple million in early investment that is quickly repaid.  
Bitcoin becomes a corporate value transfer system.  Your revolution isn't televised because it never happens.  It doesn't happen because you drank the cool-ade.  Don't get me wrong, I don't care.  But can we admit now that most bitcoiners aren't in it to change the world, and just want to get paid for discovering something early?
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:49:12
Yes, but no.  As of currently, almost everyone receives funds in fiat.  Because fiat depreciates in value, and transferring fiat into bitcoin takes both time and costs fees, the reality is most people will chose to spend their fiat before spending bitcoin.
Your argument really doesn't work unless bitcoin is effectively the *only* currency, or at least until transferring fiat into btc and back is near seamless.
@_date: 2013-06-09 02:20:59
True, but then we have a chicken vs. egg scenario, should robust systems be built utilizing bitcoin before it is more stable?  Or should people invest and drive up the price before robust systems are in place?
While you do have a valid point, I would feel more comfortable if some of those bitcoin cards, ATMs, or at least alternative exchanges pushed forward a product.  Infrastructure investment just seems more "long term" IMHO.
@_date: 2013-04-16 06:07:34
My purchase at $100 is still waiting to be confirmed thursday.  By the time it goes through, bitcoin will easily be worth half.  It's really not worth it buying from a site with a multi-day delay if the price is going to fluctuate so much.
@_date: 2013-06-07 00:31:36
I'm not worrying, my point is that bitcoin is far to volatile to recommend anyone invest in it to hedge against inflation.
@_date: 2013-03-31 19:23:52
But the program is offered open source, and available for download if this is a concern.  My only point is that a lack of SSL is not a significant concern given more secure options have been made available. 
@_date: 2013-05-30 22:26:52
Well, to be fair the commenter has a point given a fixed rate interest.  Adjustable interest rates are the ones that defeat inflation.
@_date: 2013-06-09 00:31:39
Exactly my feelings.  People advocating bitcoin seem to be more concerned with increasing the exchange price than creating a compelling reason for bitcoin adoption. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:19:29
From the site:




So... this is US based?
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:52:35
Self interest only goes so far.  Also, the more you acquire over someone else, the more of a target you make yourself (some even argue this is what lead humans to evolve the idea of sharing).
@_date: 2013-04-02 06:25:40
I'm not trying to be insulting at all, but please don't mistake luck for skill.  There have been plenty of great ideas that fell flat, and many bad ideas that gained traction.  It is extremely difficult to judge, and many times it is just luck that we get it right.
Further, you have to sell before you realize gains.  If you sell your bitcoins for fiat you are admitting that it is not a superior system, if you hold your bitcoins you are still subject to potential future loss.
Still, congrats.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:32:45
Well, yeah.  However, you can't really think of BTC as a bank account given it has zero attachment to a bank.  
BTC is more akin to keeping Gold in a small bag.  It does appreciate in value, so it should be a good store.  However, if someone steals the bag, you're fucked, if you lose your bag, you're also fucked.
My point was that the FDIC was created to insure against a very specific event that occurred during the Great Depression.  Namely a bank run.  Since banks use fractional banking, they don't actually have enough money for everyone on hand (see It's a Wonderful Life for details).  Banks weren't insured at all before then.  
Most good investments aren't FDIC insured because most good investments are inherently more risky.  Why would someone give insurance on an extremely desirable deal.  You may not be insured with bitcoin, but you also doubled your money is about a week.  Cry some more.
So my point is suggesting that a store of bitcoin should be FDIC insured suggests a fundamental misunderstanding of the purpose for FDIC, why it came about, and what it specifically does.  Even if there was a BTC bank, it would not likely be FDIC insured.  If a BTC bank became official and got FDIC insurance, it would probably not be able to function because BTC is appreciating in value on its own faster than any fractional banking investments could.
@_date: 2013-04-16 06:15:57
Well to be fair, when people hold in order to shoot up the price, they are basically doing it to prey on guys like this.  I mean, that is the whole point of a "pump and dump."  Don't hate just because you are on the right end of it.  People were saying how buying in at $200 is a good deal on this site just a few days ago. 
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:51:56
The point is the evaluation of risk.  Did the people who bought in at a dollar assume risk?  Of course.  $20?  Yep.  Did people who bought in at less than a fraction of a cent, and aquire their currency using otherwise wasted cpu cycles enact a significant risk?  **No.**  Saying otherwise is like saying zero interest loans to banks by the FED is reasonable because the bank still "holds some risk with fiat," (since it will eventually collapse after all).  
A $300 investment turning into $3000 is a great awesome risk vs. reward payout.  A $3 reward turning into $3000 is problematic.
Oh, and stocks have IPOs for fucks sake.  I'm pretty sure bitcoin was never *announced* to the internet.  I'm betting it would have had more early adopters if it had been.
@_date: 2013-02-26 20:10:13
Interesting idea, but the device wouldn't be "delivered," just "transferred."
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:17:48


People tend to think this, but it's often not true.  Most volunteer far more than they have to.  The reason tends to be increased exposure to the field and increased knowledge.  Further, many choose to do it because they want to contribute to others.


This would suggest that they publicize their actions, which many don't do.
Further, the response is quite literally to:


Regardless of how deep we get into this discussion, status and mastery of a skill are *not* directly linked to monetary benefit.  Therefore, my point stands.  But hey, were just arguing right?  No need to actually address what I was replying to.
@_date: 2013-06-05 02:41:52
First, let we say I don't really like the direct association of bitcoin with anarchism given that **many** people don't like anarchism (I would argue more don't than do) and such an association directly hurts bitcoin.  That said, I don't mind it being discussed.  My specific disagrement with Krackor is that (s)he was responding to a comment on keeping government in place by suggesting keeping the organizations and services, but removing the abstraction known as government.  Such an action is impossible without completely reworking the way every one of those organizations functions.  We would have to rebuilt the entire country from scratch.
The FDA can't simply be "separated" from the government, nor can the FAA, DEA, EPA, etc.  Further, the structural change required to recreate these organizations to function in a new anarchical system would result in massive amounts of chaos during the transition.  That chaos is the exact think the commenter to which Krackor replied is trying to avoid.  Suggesting that such a transition can easily be made is illogical at best, and deceitful at worst.  I don't have anything against people with alternative ideas, but blatant manipulation in discussions bothers me.
At any rate, I've answered the rest of your points below:


The multiple co-dependent organizations  I'm talking about *are* congress, the FDA, the DEA, the Judicial system (local up to federal courts), the EPA, etc.  These organizations provide regulation to insure a certain level of quality in services provided.  Given that for example before the FDA companies could actively provide untested and toxic substances to consumers, I rather like these organizations being in place.
Since were sticking will England (though there are other examples I'm sure) per wikipedia:




I'm not "proposing" anything, I'm defending a position (at your request in fact).  But as you said, the fact that there is no central authority over the oceans does result in certain problems.  The fact that a lack of central authority results in problems is exactly the point I was defending.  So you agree that my point is valid?  Thanks, that means so much to me (/s).


Um no.  If you are claiming that pure market forces eliminate the need for government, I'm not even getting into that argument.  It has be debated for *generations* and has yet to reach a reasonable conclusion.  
I can bring up examples of collapsed governments resulting in significant drops in quality of life, and you will no doubt counter it with that only being a transitional problem which would be eliminated in time.  You can bring up the problems of resulting from strongly centrally controlled governments, and I would counter with suggestions of combining market forces and central authority does not share these problems.  We'll go back and forth just like economic debate has gone back and forth, it's useless.
Finally, I have no problems getting into a friendly debate on the merits of market forces vs regulatory bodies.  However, I don't like when one side acts like it "knows" the right answer since no one does (we can cite consequences, but that doesn't suggest who is right), and I really don't like when people manipulate statements or ideas for the sake of "winning."  If you want to win, then by all means think you have.  I discuss to advance my understanding and the understanding of others.
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:13:11
I don't think the comparison applies directly. Still, gold has value outside of wealth transfer.  It has artistic/visual appeal, structural use in that it doesn't tarnish or corrode.  Bitcoin has literally no  use outside of the bitcoin network.  
Further, anything can be considered a wealth storage system.  Corn is a storage form of wealth.  However, a good storage form shouldn't be capable of going down to zero.  While this isn't necessarily likely with bitcoin, it has crashed pretty significantly in the past, and a superior competitor could technically make it obsolete.  
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:25:22
What the fuck are you talking about?  Are you saying governments had no power when the gold standard was in place?  Because if you are... you are very, very wrong.
@_date: 2013-06-07 00:52:31
Ah, got it.  Ok, now why is this important to do again?  How is controlling the same amount of bitcoin even remotely important?
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:21:37
I like how this comment isn't as popular as the simple joke even though they were made around the same time.  Bitcoin has very real merit, and some likely circumventable problems.
However, people on this site have had a history of advocating bitcoin for whatever is popular/the theme of the time "bitcoin is great for micro-transactions," "bitcoin is only for macro-transactions," "bitcoin is meant to overthrow governments," "bitcoin is meant to complement governments," "speculators are good," "speculators are bad."
It's pretty obvious many of these people have a personal stake in the situation.  Simply say "I'm invested in bitcoin and like anything that might raise the price, however..." before giving your opinion.  It makes you sound much less like a manipulative asshole. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 05:31:37
Bitcoin's value comes from the bitcoin value transfer network.  If everyone is hoarding, the benefit of bitcoin comes into question. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:51:46
Well, bitcoin's value comes from it's ability to transfer wealth quickly, easily, cheaply, permanently, and without risk of double spending.  
So to evaluate a potential bubble, one needs to compare the price of bitcoin to the current wealth transfer being conducted with bitcoin.  If no one is actually using it for wealth transfer, then it is difficult to justify the price.
Given that many people seem to by buying bitcoin because it is going up in price (thus providing upward pressure), it is entirely possible for it to out price its worth.  This is largely because we think the price doesn't affect bitcoins wealth transfer ability (and it doesn't), but people tend to avoid systems that keep getting more expensive.  
Further, $20 jumps make it difficult to conduct transactions in bitcoin. Why should someone buy in bitcoin when they can use fiat (which they likely possess) that won't appreciate so quickly (if at all)?
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:56:53
Under your logic all acts count as "self interest," even martyrdom and suicide would count.  
Such an argument may be interesting philosophically, but it is useless from a practical standpoint.  As such, self interest is interest in *objective* benefit to one's self, and satisfaction is the feeling gained by both self interest and interest in the needs of others.  
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:38:15
Still, there has to be a way to clarify a difference.  Otherwise you are saying that it is the same for one person to save a drowning person and another to rape and kill one.  Both are done due to subjective self interest, but the overall perception of social benefit is different.
In the case of spectators, their social benefit isn't clear.  People love them now because they think bitcoin is of value.  But if a scare leads to them selling off, it could prove significantly harmful.
So really: action done with zero interest for others and a benefit that could easily switch to harm is less prefered.  
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:36:39
It was actually sarcasm. You contributed absolutely nothing to the conversation, and did so in an insulting manner that puts in doubt your ability to communicate on an adult level.  I then suggested that you "contributed."  Ha ha.  Funny.  Perhaps I should have been more clear.
Also, your comment suggests you don't even understand my response, which calls into question your intelligence.  But saying that is useless internet insults.  I mean, you are literally just an ape insulting another ape using an electric box.  You have debased one of the greatest achievements we as a species have created with four typed words.  
I personally try to avoid doing it as much as possible as it makes me feel petty and insignificant.  However, I guess it makes you feel good?
@_date: 2013-01-24 06:06:41
Actually, since I just went through a few classes on this, I'd just like to point out that correlation and causation are highly dependent on the situation.  Basically, when research is assessing correlation, it looks at how intuitive a relationship between the two subjects are, whether or not there are other variables that explain the trend, and whether or not a reasonable mechanism of action exits.
In this case, while we can come up with multiple reasons why bitcoin prices might be going up, we would come to considerably less on why the term "buy bitcoins" is being searched more.  So the reality is that we would conclude that there is likely some causation in this case, but we don't know what is causing what.  
This is only important because the only way to really prove a causal relationship otherwise is to do a double blind placebo controlled test (which generally removes other contributory factors due to the placebo group).  This would be difficult, if not impossible to conduct on the above relationship, so evaluation of correlation becomes quite important.
So yeah, the likely situation is that bitcoin doing better is causing more searches.
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:06:31
For some, can't relying on an outsider to take care of your money be a better option?  I mean, that's where bank came from after all.  A hit to the head can destroy a brain wallet and disaster can destroy a safe.  Plus, most people don't want an offline computer.
Your basically saying that paying someone else to take care of security isn't an option.  That puts bitcoin at a bit of a disadvantage.
@_date: 2013-03-31 17:51:59
Wow, I was not aware of this.  Isn't this a rather significant issue given the information that might get printed.  I mean I work in a hospital, and this would definitely violate hipaa.  These companies could easily get sued if they do not readily disclose this information (which I don't believe occurs).  Hell, politicians wouldn't even be on their side.
Also, do you happen to have a source on this?
@_date: 2013-03-31 17:42:02
Not if it's running locally, as this program is?
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:56:00
What are you on?  There are plenty of people that accept paypal transfers for rent, and several coffee shops that do so as well.  Further, paypal is getting into mobile payments, so the amount of brick and mortar places that accept paypal will likely go up.
Further, if a place accepts bitcoin because they have a paypal set up, **they will accept paypal transfers... because they have paypal set up**.  
The point is this directly ties bitcoin to paypal.  So bitcoin needs paypal, but paypal doesn't need bitcoin.  Further, paypal probably consideres bitcoin a competitor because it has similar functionality.  So this is a clear and obvious embrase, enhance, and extinguish attempt that the bitcoin community is supporting solely because it might increase coin prices.  It is an obvious embrase of short term benefit over long term, thus showing she support of bitcoin isn't due to altruism, fairness, or efficiency improvements, it's due to greed. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 06:25:45
I've tried selling a monitor, a B&amp;N Nook, and Amazon gift cards for bitcoin.  Never found a taker.
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:14:20
Given the current market cap of btc, and the fact that this is a brand new exchange that's still in beta, I would say that 100 trades per second is pretty reasonable.
@_date: 2013-01-31 15:12:15
I'm kind of over this conversation and a bit busy, so I'm going to be short.  Not trying to be insulting.
* You are using barter of virtual items to comment on barter of real items.  This is incorrect as the two situations are different.
* The IRS considers barter of real items taxable at the initial value.*  As such, if you sold for one BTC in May, you would be taxed on 5 dollars.  If you keep no records, the IRS can make estimates (that won't be in your favor).
* You are wrong.  Please research before spreading ignorance as it can end up harming others (of course, everything without a source should be taken with a grain of salt).
* Please don't misuse sources. 
*Source (the freaking IRS): 
@_date: 2013-06-07 20:56:17
Actually it is artificial.  Bitcoins aren't worth wat people "want" them to be worth, bitcoins are worth the price of the service they provide.  Trying to buy up bitcoins to increase the price is an excellent strategy in the short term.  However, it will also lead to a bubble that will eventually pop and lose many people their hard earned wealth.  
As far as not investing until each is worth thousands, tell that to the people who invested at $260+ only to see $112 as of me writing this.  
Bitcoin provided a service, specifically wealth  transfer.  Trying to buy up as many bitcoins as you can inhibit bitcoins ability to provide this service. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:19:15
I bought some bitcoin at $130/btc about two weeks ago.  Now it is $118/btc.  That's a 10% drop in value from my understanding.  So how would buying more bitcoin guarantee me protection from inflation again?
@_date: 2013-01-31 08:30:41
The topic of taxing virtual goods is entirely different.  What does this have to do with real establishments selling in bitcoin paying taxes?  If Cups and Cakes in SF isn't paying taxes on bitcoin sales, they can get audited and fined the full amount *estimated* by the IRS to be owed *with interest.* 
@_date: 2013-06-07 01:09:33
I'm an idiot for reading to much into this post.  I was expecting a buy more bitcoins because [insert reason here].  The reality is it's just "BUY MORE BITCOINS."  It's basically just another "HoLD SPARTANS" post in a unique form.
@_date: 2013-03-26 01:35:42
To be fair, BitPay is competing with VISA/MasterCard (the incumbents), and their biggest benefit is lower costs.  However, at the previous fee level they actually cost as much as the card giants.  So in reality, 
Unrelated, given the rapid increase in bitcoins price, shouldn't transaction fees be going down?  Are they and I just didn't notice?
Edit: 
Wasn't aware we could change fee settings.  Good to know.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:26:31
Thanks for the contribution.  However, the point was to show that some people don't work purely for money (which the previous comment implies). 
If someone donates a quarter of their time doing their normal work for free, this argument is defeated.  Coming up with new reasons (increased acquisition of skill, interest in helping a less fortunate, status, etc.) does not defeat my counter because none of these things are directly linked to monetary reward?
@_date: 2013-06-23 21:25:31
The problem is it might not be.  The other thread pointed out that the development of BitcoinQT or establishment of policies may be considered "running" or "managing" bitcoin.  Is it possible to sue for lack of clarity?
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:45:29
I'm going to make this really simple.  You can say investing in bitcoin is like investing in gold, silver, oil, water, arable land,  beany babies, or *any* other commodity.  But saying it is like investing in "any stock" is either fundamentally stupid or dishonest.  More people buying AMD stock doesn't change the price of their processors, but more people buying Gold does change the price of gold.  If a company buys most of AMD's processor supply, *that* would change the price.
Stock isn't held or cared about by a majority, this means "saving" doesn't matter.  Currency is, this means significant saving can decrease available currency, increase currency value, and directly increase the value held by the "saver."  
Currencies are suppose to act as a method of wealth transfer and storage, it's use as a method of wealth accumulation is problematic for access and fluidity of transactions. 
@_date: 2013-04-29 08:28:48
Hoarding (or lets say significant amounts of saving) lowers currency in circulation.  This can result in price fluctuation.  
Fluctuation in the price of say Apple stock has no affect on my ability to acquire music through itunes at the exact same price as a week ago.  
Fluctuation in currency price has a significant affect on the value of the currency I earned a week ago.
This is a pretty obvious difference.
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:05:01
No problem.  Was just a little surprised to see what looked like Italian.  At least I was right (I think).
@_date: 2013-01-10 18:34:15
Wait, if someone sold at $15 back int August, and the price dropped to around $11, and has now climbed to $14, why would any of these people not be in a position to buy back in?  I mean, they would be buying in at a lower price than they sold right?  In fact, why would you assume they didn't buy in at $12, $12.5, or $13?  
The reality is there are likely at least a few individuals making quite a bit off of the constant fluctuations in bitcoin.  Simply selling high and buying low, wash, rinse, repeat.
@_date: 2013-01-03 07:41:35


And this is where we disagree.  I agree that the current system is problematic in that it effectively silently taxes the people and gives this value to banks.  However, if bitcoin were to linearly expand, it would be "taxing" people in order to finance transactions (by rewarding mining).  This could be used as a method of keeping transfer rates very low.  A currency with low transfer rates is a good thing IMO.  Further, I personally feel hoarders should be bullied into other investments.  As I said before, I don't believe a value transfer system should double as a value storage system.  In my mind, these systems should be separate enough that one does not affect the other (i.e. hoarding/investing does not greatly affect currency supply).  
Even now this is an issue with bitcoin.  I currently hold bitcoin and USD.  I know of a bakery next to me which accepts bitcoin.  However, I don't really see the benefit of making a purchase in bitcoin vs. USD.  If I purchase in bitcoin, I must then get more to replace my investment.  Acquiring bitcoin will then subject me to purchasing fees.  However, if I use USD, I don't have to lose my investment.  Further, since USD is inflationary, I might as well use that first.  
The argument that hoarders shouldn't be "bullied" into other investments seems to be based on an argument of "fairness" and not economic benefit.  Honestly, this is my primary problem with it.  I want to be told why it is economically more beneficial, not why people don't like it.  Otherwise, it comes off the same as people whining about paying taxes.


Umm, yes it does, that is my entire point.  It doesn't affect the algorithmic ability of bitcoin to transfer wealth, but it does affect its actual use ability (I'm making this term up, but its definition should become clear in the following).  Economics and social experiments have shown that people don't like pay cuts, even in a deflating economy, even when the buying power after the pay cut is in fact better than the previous year buying power without the pay cut (i.e. a value raise was actually seen).
Bitcoin would force employers to pay lower and lower salaries each year (or perhaps even quarterly) due to its deflation.  This would prove extremely problematic.  People would easily choose a more volatile commodity for wealth transfer if possible.  Just look at how people sell stocks or possessions, they tend to go with the least valuable item first then move up to the most valuable.  Making the currency a highly valuable item would be problematic.  Again, we can look at gold and see how this caused problems, and gold didn't have it's production halved every few years.


I thought I did address this, but I will be more direct.  A highly valued stock is unlikely to drop to zero value.  In fact, the potential drop in value on many precious metals can be seen to be worse than many stocks.  When looking at a needed investment (like a market, pharmacy, medical clinic, etc.) the value is still unlikely to drop to zero (though it can go quite low).  For bitcoin, 
* the value of a bitcoin it tied to its use 
* the use of bitcoin is tied to its ability to be transfered easily, cheaply, and pseudo-anonymously (we can say just anonymously with enough effort taken on behalf of the transferrer)
* bitcoin's use as a storage of value removes units availability for use as a transfer of value.
The last part is my main point the more bitcoin is used as a storage of value, the less it is used as a transfer of value, but the main value of bitcoin is in its use as a transfer of value.  The ideas are antagonistic.  This problem has really never been properly address by anyone that I have seen, outside of "it's not a problem."  "It's not a problem" sound like more of a brush off than actual address of a concern.


Well... this is a good point.  If we are discussing a system in which bitcoin and fiat co-exist, I would completely agree.  However, more importantly, if we are discussing such a system most of my arguments are non-existant.  This entire discussion is based on the idea of bitcoin being the dominant currency of the world (or at least a country).  In this case, there is no decoupling from bitcoin. 


I admittedly never heard of this before, so thanks for the new info.  However, it seems this was only an issue due to Fed manipulation for the financial market, and lack of regulation/oversight of the finance industry.  So I don't think the point directly applies to the idea I was trying to bring across.
 
I will concede the point that my concerns may not become a major issue.  However, I only concede this because I strongly believe bitcoin will change heavily if/before it ever becomes a major currency.  My only disagreement is with those in the community who believe that the current system is "ready for prime time."  An example, is that I believe bitcoin will likely fracture into a continued payout system vs. halving payout system around the time of the next reward halving.  Further, I personally think the continued payout system will ultimately win out.
Regardless, I fully agree that an algorithmically ran state is better than a centrally planned stated.  
     
@_date: 2013-01-21 05:04:12
Um, I believe the expansion in size of the blockchain has been cited as a potential problem.  The general solution has been pruning and/or ever increasing harddrive capacity/cpu power.  This solution might not be viable however.  While I agree that blockchain size is not an issue now, it may be in the future.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:23:42
I'm tired of downvoting your comments, so I'll try to explain.  What you said simply makes no sense.


Having independent systems in place would be a disaster.  As such, interaction between said systems must be facilitated in some manner.  Multiple integrated and co-dependent organizations facilitating the distribution of valuable services *is* government.  It's not an abstraction called government, it is the very definition of government.  
Alternatively, you are arguing for a system that has no central control.  While that may work for the financial market, it would be a disaster for creating and enforcing laws.  Pollution, corruption, and all out exploitation would run wild in such a society with **no** central authority.  
Finally, "United States" isn't an abstract concept, it is a nation which has a certain set of rules and ideals that many people agree with, and defined boarders within which those rules apply.
Your statements are childish in that they suggest actions which would have severe and detrimental outcomes and very few benefits.  Effectively, the benefits don't outweigh the risks.  
@_date: 2013-07-14 00:26:43
True.  I was just giving a possible connection between unemployment and rising bitcoin prices as you requested.
@_date: 2013-06-07 01:12:01
Because precious metals are a well known value system.  While most people on this site believe in bitcoin, it's not a "sure bet."  But the reality is I missed the point of this post entirely, it was never making a point about preserving value.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:22:56


Then you just proved this statement wrong.  My entire point is that working purely for money is ultimately an extremely nihilistic approach to life.
Yes, we work to gain money because it secures our place in society.  However, it's not our sole motivation in life.
tldr: You did the same job to help others without getting paid.  You literally supported my argument in your attempt to counter it.  How do you not realize this?
@_date: 2013-04-29 08:13:07
But stock shares aren't a "currency."  Stock shares have value in that they are a fraction of a company which performs some service.  Bitcoins have value in that they are the unit of transfer in a value transfer system.  
There is a fundamental difference between early adopter compensation in a stock vs a currency.  An obvious one being hoarding stock does not affect the service a company provides.
@_date: 2013-01-03 02:25:22
Hmm, well sadly, it seems we fundamentally disagree:


When I said "stable" I meant stable value.  IMO a stable supply is dangerous and can lead to issues.  Expanding the cost of a unit is not a reasonable solution, as this is essentially increasing the price per ounce of gold.  There are historical examples of this proving problematic.  Admittedly, there are few to no "pure" examples however.  So in the interest of not getting into a tit for tat argument, I will not go into them.


I agree.  My point was that some developments are to the good of all, and that people are not necessarily wise enough to see this.  Credit unions were formed to reinvest in the community, yet they have only seen a increase in customers after banks became associated with "evil."  So interest in benefiting the community wasn't the main driver, fear of getting individually hurt was however.


Under this logic was always used, many of the greatest advancements we have seen might have been ignored in favor of investment in gold.  Further, this argument completely ignores many investment examples like local markets, clinics, or pharmacies which may provide a steady return on investment, but not necessarily beat the *increase" in value of a deflationary currency.


This means nothing.  This argument is about as logical as the arguments to cut funding for public programs in favor of charity donations.  This has been shown not to work.  Less people contribute, and many of those that do tend to donate less.  Further, citing an atribute of bitcoins transfer system  (which I think is brilliant) is not at all a counter to disagreement with its built in deflation.  People who support bitcoin for one don't necessarily support (or care) about the other.  Since you cited yourself, I cite my feelings as an example.  I think the bitcoin transfer system is brilliant, I don't really agree with the ever decreasing mining payouts.


But the argument is that investing in "bitcoin" detracts from investment in beneficiary pursues.  It would be like a venture capital firm deciding to invest in gold.  It may prove profitable, but it also takes funds away from start-ups, which has been shown to be bad for the economy and for inovation(at least in healthcare).


This is a very altruistic viewpoint, but it is not reality.  The reality is that this will cause massive sell offs as people try to capitalize on their investment, followed by buy backs as people try to capitalize on the lowered price.  Wash, rinse, repeat.  I don't even have to cite outside examples as this has already happened within bitcoin.  So, the big money hoarders are honestly playing a long drawn out game of "prisoners dilemma."  While the lower invested hoarder are just along for the ride.
Really, I agree that a transfer of value system should be tied to a storage of value system.  However, they should not be the *same* system.  It's like saying "bitcoins are great if you send them to people" and "bitcoins are great if you *don't* send them to people, and keep them instead."  While this appears to mean "bitcoins are great regardless," it actually comes to "so what am  suppose to do with these damn things?"
All that said, I understand your different view point, and honestly you may be right and I may be wrong.  However, I do find the bitcoin community's unflinching belief in its absolute truth a bit off putting.  I've found that most communities that function that way turn out to be incorrect in many ways (government, religion, etc).
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:52:09
The point is it's a gamble.  For everyone who goes balls deep on an investment and profits, there are plenty of people who do the same and fail.
Personally, while I see bitcoin being worth $130, I don't see a rise from $60 to $130 in about a week as being justified.  That just screams upward pressure due to day traders.  I've jumped on band wagon stocks before and got burned.  Not bad mind you, but I had to hold longer than I would have liked.  
Really, I would like to see more logic from bitcoin and less emotion.  People seem to want bitcoin to succeed for so many reasons, but for me not enough of them are "it works."
Still, I may just be saying that because I sold early.  Either way, I made a good bit of spending cash and learned a bit more about economics along the way.  I do wish all the ball's deepers great success.  I personally don't have the nerve for things so out of my control.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:32:46
Um, this is reddit.  I'm allowed to use profanity so long as I'm not using it in reference to a user (i.e. giving an insult).  "What the fuck" has a well established meaning.  If you can't see that, you probably shouldn't be entering discussions about things as complex as the need for government.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:45:10
The problem is you are trying to define greed as well.  Greedy actions tend to be those that are just as easily harmful as they are good.  In this case, spectators can just as easily drive the price down as drive it up. 
Further, this harm is typically considered to be an "unequal" trade.  Specifically, the benefit gained does not match the harm done.  Killing someone so that you may live is justifiable my many.  Killing someone so you can get the leather upgrade on a new car is generally not.  
So ultimately, regardless of how we define self interest, the point is that greed is still potentially harmful to others.  This is why it is considered inferior to other motivations.
@_date: 2013-04-03 08:30:14
To be completely honest, I don't want to hold bitcoin because it's a bit to easy to lose.  I forget my password for blockchain?  Gone.  Save on my hard-drive and screw up something? Gone.  I'm not that old, but I do like having a bank where I have multiple ways of accessing my wealth.  
Still, I can see the benefit of having absolute control, I'm just not in a position where that is beneficial.  Still 146/BTC?  Gotta love dat exchange rate. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:49:01
Healthcare students do much of the same work they will do when they graduate.  They are actually paying to work.  Further, many professionals do pro bono work.
Programmers often contribute to open source programs.  In all, I would say that anyone who likes their job would do it for free.  That said, I am willing to bet many traders would gamble even if there was no direct benefit to themselves.
@_date: 2013-06-04 22:26:27
Um, I'm not downvoting because I'm disagreeing.  I actually never do that.  I'm downvoting illogical statement.


Remember "wherefore art thou Romeo?"  The point of that scene was the idea that changing the name of something doesn't change its nature.  Creating a new system for delivering much needed services would ultimately still be a "government."  Even anarchy is a system of government, it simply lacks a central government. 
So if this individual was to say "you don't need a central government" that would be acceptable.  In fact, I would have assumed that was what they meant if they hadn't have said "or United States."  United States is  the name of a region.  The commenter is basically saying we should provide government services without providing a name for the organization delivering the service, which doesn't make any sense.  
Worse, the follow-up of "Can you please explain to me, using what I've said in these comments, how much I think government does?"  Is a blatant attempt to trap the previous commenter through manipulation of words.  The point of the comment was that (s)he lack understanding of the complexity needed to properly deliver services.  This was countered with "what services don't I know about?"  This is either illogical or blatantly manipulative.  Further, comments by this  individual have suggested the latter. 
So I'm not downvoting because I disagree with the individual, I'm downvoting because the individual delivered irrational statements and then used word manipulation to spin the discussion in an attempt to "win." 
However, if you support their statements, by all means upvote them.
Edit: Also, if you read Krackor's comments, saying "shit way to conduct yourself" should be considered a unnecessarily hostile statement by a "bad redditor."  
@_date: 2013-06-23 21:26:23
I don't always agree with you Julian702, but you pretty much nailed it today.
@_date: 2013-06-04 22:05:35
FDA regulates food that is produced, how it is labeled, how it is shipped, and how it is stored.  They *are* government.  Actually, DEA and ATF regulate and enforce what can be supplied to consumers.  They are also government.  The government regulates interstate commerce that's for sure.  I don't really follow your disagreement. 
As far as proving it... um historical examples?  Central authority is the reason England stopped dumping sewage into their own drinking water.  The lives saved (or at least quality of lives improved) are countless.  
No functioning central authority over international fishing (due to no one government having the ability to enforce laws on all others) has lead to severe over fishing.  There are countless cases of toxic waste dumping in [Somalia]( due to the lack of a functioning government to oppose it or defend against it.
Honestly, I'm not sure what it is I need to prove.  If you really can't think of at least half a dozen historical examples of severe problems resulting from lack of central authority, then this discussion is pretty much useless. 
@_date: 2013-06-23 21:22:16
Is this title clearly defined?  It would be great if it was, but if it's not the Bitcoin Foundation might have a problem.
@_date: 2013-03-31 17:40:30
Err, what?
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:52:51
And thus paypal becomes synonymous with bitcoin.  The dependence of bitcoin on MtGox has already shown itself to be problematic.  How would this not be worse with paypal?
In fact, if most bitcoin users utilize paypal for currency conversion/storage/spending, it will effectively become dependent on paypal.  Further, paypal could easily replace it with it's own system.  This is a classic "embrace extend, and extinguish" technique.
@_date: 2013-04-16 13:47:38
Wait long enough and it *MIGHT* be a good deal, that's what you don't get.  Bitcoin is still a very risky investment.  Further, was the rhetoric a few days ago, "this is a clear bubble and it will go down.  While bitcoin might be worth more in a few years, it shouldn't go up so fast.  It's just not justified"?  No, It was psychotic mad scientist cacles about how everyone doubted but who is doubting now.  
Have you forgotten that we need normal people to hold bitcoin for it to get real adoption?  Burning the *shit* out of normal people isn't really the best way to get them interested.  Even if bitcoin is worth $10000/coin in 5 years, it doesn't change that it's not worth that now.  Hell, I actually got in a debate on why speculation is bad because a majority was saying "the speculators are driving up the price which is a good thing."  Where's the speculation love now r/bitcoin?
It was a pump and dump.  Bitcoin holders and speculator extracted money from bitcoin nieve.  It's ok to admit it.  However, it's not ok to allow it to continue.  It makes bitcoin an inferior currency, which lowers adoption.  
(Adoption is needed for that all coveted stability people keep saying is *destined* to happen btw). 
My point, ditch the rhetoric and be honest with people.  Or don't if you're not actually looking for bitcoin use to expand. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 01:57:22
Let me clarify my point.  Paypal adoption isn't good or bad, it's just a thing with consequences.  My point is that the consequences are very likely btc becoming intrinsically associated with paypal (and maybe a few other companies).  Those companies can control transaction fees, conversion rates, and even future mining payouts.  How? simple, they threaten to fork the blockchain.  Well that's stupid right?  They wouldn't control a majority of coins/clients/miners.  However, they effectively *are* btc becuase joe common man only uses them for wallet, exchange, and payment activities.  You'll do what they say or your coins will become useless regardless of whether or not they possess 51% of anything.  Their version of the blockchain is the only version that matters.  Congratulations, we just replaced most value transfer systems with paypal and a few others.  Hell, paypal might even make their system more efficient since it quickly becomes fiat agnostic.  Financial systems don't go away though.  The federal government can easily convince paypal to make bitcoin whatever they want... and you'll take it.
So is this good?  Yes if you like paypal or want the price of btc to rise rapidly.  But if you want to give people a vehicle to replace paypal, undermine the current financial system, or act autonomously, you just lost.  I don't care either way, I'm just pointing out that this would represent an "embrase, enhance, and extinguish" attempt.  
It's like cheering when Microsoft adopted OpenGL into the Window NT.  If you cared about improved graphics/technology then cool.  But if you cared about *OpenGL,* you probably should have been more cautious.
So, do bitcoiners care about making money off of bitcoin, or the original tenants that were so widely exposed here less than a year ago?
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:28:42
I think you took my point the wrong way.  I am saying that more than just "the people in Washington" are stealing your money.  The FED is under government oversight, but it is ran by private citizens.  They aren't even fucking voted on by the people.  
Every time the FED gives a zero interest loan to a bank provided through printed cash, they are essentially taxing the people and transferring the wealth to the bank.  "Washington" doesn't get this money, banks across the country do.
Ignoring this falsely attributes blame.  Also, I'm pretty sure the last president who tried to reign in more government control over the US Treasury got shot... in the head.
However, if I'm to interpret "people in Washington" as "people in leadership" than I'm mistaken, and that part is correct.
@_date: 2013-06-07 14:08:30
It's not that the stuff written here is mostly bullshit that gets me, it's that the bullshit is often upvoted sky high over the rational stuff.  So many people who clearly want to fuck over newbies.  
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:20:18
Eh, I did see that.  Still, without linking those transactions to anything outside of trading, the whole thing becomes problematic.  So we have to show that payments are being transacted though bitcoin for things outside of speculative trading to convince ourselves that bitcoin's activity is really increasing.  
Still, the limited data is supportive.  Either way, too rich for my blood.
Edit: Also, I forgot to mention my main fear is the lack of a closed loop.  Until people start getting payed in bitcoin, merchants are only getting bitcoins from miners or people buying off of exchanges.  It isn't particularly efficient to buy bitcoins then spend them again.  Further, once you buy  you might as well hold (people saying this doesn't follow logic forget that most people currently hold bitcoin *and* fiat, and fiat isn't going up in value so might as well be used first).
The second I see paychecks in bitcoin becoming a thing, I will get much more excited about it's potential.
@_date: 2013-01-24 06:17:41
I was under the impression that "fractional reserve" was when you have less money on hand the total amount of money you're reserving.  Personally, I don't see a problem with this so long as it is done responsibly.
What exactly do you mean by "promising more loans than they actually have?"
@_date: 2013-06-24 00:24:35
That would hurt the image and the price.
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:42:19
Actually it's not.  There is no official symbol for bitcoin, and there is debate over what the main symbol used should be.  I actually prefer the one used in this article.
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:33:51
Don't leave, just downvote.  We need people to downvote the circlejerk or we won't have actually news.  We *need* it.
@_date: 2013-05-06 03:40:16
Actually, I think I understand... hold on while I put on my foil hat.  Satoshi isn't one person, it's a government, or financial group, or combination of the two.  Bitcoin isn't a currency or fiat replacement, it's a gold replacement.  
Gold represents significant upkeep to use as a value system.  It must be stored, shipped and secured, and all of these things take time and money to do.  Bitcoin replaces this with a cheaper faster system.  But one might argue that it takes up way more processing power.  However, as a distributed system bitcoin takes much of the burden of work from said financial group/government and puts it into the hands of the common person (as usual).  
Of course, bitcoin has to be adopted for this to work.  So the first thing to do is to tell people it's for small value "currency" transactions.  Once adoption begins, you wait until it has more value and you say it's only for big "currency" transactions.  You then wait until it has even more value and say it you tell them it was never meant to be a "currency" in the first place, it was purely meant to store and transfer large sums of money.  
This is really the only reason why bitcoin makes sense.  People say merchants like it, and I'm sure they do.  However, I pay with card for a reason, I can reverse charges when I *need* to.  
Bitcoin gives merchants more power, but it doesn't really give individuals much in return.  However, for banks, governments, and corporations bitcoin is a god send.  It allows transactions to finally be purely digital.  Transferring a large sum of money from the US to Israel?  Well now you can do it digitally, and a world of individuals are volunteering to work as your accounting record.
There are likely a few people in key places saying whatever they need to get bitcoin to increase in value and spread the bitcoin infrastructure.
Of course you might ask why these individuals would give up so much power just for a better system?  I mean, it doesn't sound like a typical "powers that be" move at all.  Of course, they didn't, and that's the trick.  "Satoshi" mined roughly 8% of the bitcoin economy as a "test."  You could add in a few other "individuals" who were actually puppets for large organizations, and you would probably find around 12% of the bitcoin economy owned as a whole.  
The common man is just funding the system by shifting value into it.  Once enough value and dependence is put into bitcoin, that 8%-12% is going to move, and we'll see it move.  But at that point what the fuck are you going to do about it?  Get mad?  Maybe.  Sell your bitcoins?  Possible, and they'll just buy up more.  Once the system gets build up far enough, it won't be able to come back down.  And the people who built it will have just as much power as they do now.
So start ups will magically get funded, regulation will magically get cleared, and bitcoin will magically become a standard.  All the while the little guy will think they have triumphed, when it was really all planned from the beginning.  
The best move really is to buy now, I've been wrong this whole time.   
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:47:36
Good to know I have no idea what I'm talking about.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:55:25
Which invalidates the entire use of bitcoin since it main benefit is bypassing conventional payment systems.  If the average joe needs paypal to use bitcoin, then there is no benefit to using bitcoin in the first place.  How is this hard to understand?
@_date: 2013-07-13 15:34:43
Well, this is just a theoretical musing from a layperson, but unemployment could put a severe burden on governments (I'll focus on the US).  The government's only options would be to provide services for people or to leave them to die.  The first could easily bankrupt the nation, and the second could lead to violent protests.
Violent protests would disrupt the US economy and potentially crash the dollar, thus increasing the worth of BTC.  Extreme financial stress on the US government could result in more printing of money, inflation, and increased demand for a non-inflationary currency (i.e. btc).  This would again increase the price of btc.
Of course, this assumes people are actually unemployed, no guarantees on that.
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:40:20
I'm not explaining that at all.  I'm stating why the person made that statement in the first place.  The comment they replied to suggests a lack of understanding of the need for complex interactions between various delivering various services that make up a government.  Basically, saying "prop up the services but let fall the government" is like saying "prop up the flower vase but let fall the table."  The "government" and the services are one.  We can change the services delivered, or the method of delivery, but it would still be government so long as there is a central authority.
There is no need to state what you specifically don't know government does given that you don't understand the requirement for interaction and central direction for service delivering bodies.
However, your reply gives me concern as to your willingness or ability to actually engage in an intelligent discussion.  I think I'll just back away now and continue downvoting.  That said, I did try.