@_author: all_my_dirty_secrets
@_date: 2019-07-06 12:59:56
It's like you've never had an insurance claim denied on a technicality before.
@_date: 2019-07-17 12:31:11
Just want to point out that September 2007 was still Bush. During that time Obama was a senator campaigning in Iowa still trying to break out of the Democratic primary pack.
@_date: 2019-07-06 14:00:10
Certainly not the insurance industry. If you think banks rig the game in their favor...
@_date: 2019-07-06 16:46:05
That's not what I'm claiming.
@_date: 2019-06-19 10:14:47
I think it would come down to which one would be harder for Maduro to take from me, and then after that it would come down to my financial goals and the market prospects for Bitcoin (am I looking for a stable place to store wealth or am I OK with some risk, and do I believe Bitcoin will be up or down before I need the money).
Without knowing much about what Libra will look like in practice, especially in terms of international regulation, it's hard to say. If they cooperate with Venezuelan authorities, or if for some reason it's easier for the government to trace Libra activity, then people will prefer Bitcoin. But if Libra takes the stance that Venezuela is an outlaw state and they do not comply with any requests, and Venezuelans feel confident their money is safe there, then they might prefer Libra unless there's another compelling reason to use Bitcoin (they ideologically believe in the Bitcoin project, for example). Especially if they can't stomach Bitcoin's volatility. It's nothing compared to the Bolivar, but many people would ultimately prefer something that behaves like USD (which has been the traditional choice for where to keep your money in Latin America).
@_date: 2019-06-19 10:34:02


This is the key to what you're missing. The vast majority of people follow the hype and don't think. Personally, why Facebook has become so indispensable is beyond me, but despite the recent blows to its reputation it's still the dominant social media company, especially when you consider Instagram.
Plus, at the moment, most people right now prefer fiat--and for good reason as most people haven't developed the caution and tech-savvy necessary to handle Bitcoin safely. Most of the middle-aged moms who are active Facebook users shouldn't be in Bitcoin without some education anyway (and I say this as someone who's almost middle-aged and almost a mom). I wish it were otherwise, as we'd all be in a much better place if people could think things through and handle a little more complexity, but that's the reality of the world we live in now. Possibly Libra could serve as a gateway to Bitcoin, but people could just stay there too.
I'm just hoping the bad news for Facebook continues and people become less enchanted with it in general, because Libra or no that company needs to die.
@_date: 2019-06-18 18:01:01
I'd be surprised if there were a law against simply possessing USD in India, but unless authorized by the government (ie currency exchange businesses) you can't accept a foreign currency as payment. In practice though many smaller businesses and individuals in developing countries don't mind if you want to give them USD. They can likely find someone else who will accept it, or I know people who like to keep some money in dollars to hedge against the local currency going to shit.
EDIT: As far as Facebook goes, I guess that's for them to work out with the government. I'm sure they can find a way to sell participation, either to India or to another country.
@_date: 2019-06-26 11:51:29
I wish there was more discussion of this. I don't know what's going on either. I feel like you have to go to the anti-Bitcoin subs like Buttcoin to start to get some perspective, but they're too negative so ultimately it's just not good information either.
@_date: 2019-05-26 13:27:10
Thank you. I had the feeling that there was something fishy about the robot-like repetition of "it's backed by oil" in this thread and that it wasn't telling the whole story, but didn't know enough to put my finger on it. This was very helpful in explaining to me what's going on here.
Highlights for those who don't want to click:








@_date: 2019-05-26 12:38:25
It's not really fair to compare USD to failing currencies. USD has value and is stable because of the size and strength of the US economy. USD gets its power from the US government being able to tap into that capital and potential. Not saying that can't change and that USD can't weaken, but that's still the situation at the moment.
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:36:53


Is this really HODLers though? Reckless people are impulsive. I think of them as being the kind of people who look to take advantage of the fluctuations in the market. Some of them manage to time it right and buy low and sell high, and others let their emotions get the best of them and do the opposite.
People who hodl (whether it's Bitcoin or another investment) decide on what they think that investment is worth in the long run, come up with a plan, and then stick with the plan. The people who are able to do this are serious and commitment-minded, not reckless. They are brave, though. Maybe I'm quibbling about the differences between the words brave and reckless.
There's probably even fewer of the latter than reckless gamblers.
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:50:08
It's impossible to really know if now is a good time. Personally, I'm with you--when I see something going straight up I get spooked and I'm waiting. I have the opposite of FOMO. The downside to that of course is sometimes you really will miss out if you don't act.
If you worry that it's not going to come back down anytime soon, I'd keep investing a little at a time and using a dollar-cost average approach. I don't think now is the time to throw a windfall in as one big chunk. If I were you I'd wait until it gets to a point where it's more stable like last fall to make a large investment.