@_author: allbitcoin
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:32:10
And yet many trust closed source applications every day. Many of the existing Bitcoin services are in fact closed source (mining pools, online wallets).
I understand your concerns - I would feel exactly the same way about this kind of announcement. The source code may be released in the future, when we don't feel like we would reveal too much to potential competitors. We are in the business of building software for the Bitcoin ecosystem and it is not in our interest to violate people's trust.
@_date: 2011-06-20 04:40:41
Oops! :)
@_date: 2011-06-13 07:20:56
1.) Mainly the geek factor. I've been thinking about the nature of money for a while now (I blame Neil Stephenson) though prior to Bitcoin it was mainly in the context of simulating economies for video games.
2.) I am a terrible day trader (I buy high and sell low) so I stay out of the quick buck business. I'm investing a whole bunch of my time hacking away on a Bitcoin project so I guess I'm in for the long haul.
3.) 310 Mhash/s on my single 6950 :-(
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:48:12
As it should be.
Incidentally it's the users who will download random executables without worrying about the source code who will benefit the most from AllBitcoin.
@_date: 2011-06-20 04:51:52
Dear god, when where you born? 3DES was first published in 98:
It's the default algorithm for PKCS12, it may not be ideal but it is sufficient for now. It is trivial to re-encrypt the wallet with a different algorithm as and when the need arises.
Each wallet has a randomly generated salt and each key gets a randomly generated initialization vector. We think it's definitely a step up from keeping the keys in plain text.
If you have a preference for another algorithm supported by OpenSSL, please let me know!
@_date: 2011-06-21 08:36:02
Ouch, why did you keep so many on someone else's server? That kind of money should be kept as far away from the Internet as possible - on a CD under your mattress perhaps. Sorry dude, that sucks!
@_date: 2011-06-13 23:28:07
I think I figured it out:
Niel Stephenson **IS** Satoshi Nakamoto!
*Directed by M Night Shyamalan*
@_date: 2011-06-22 21:33:08
The client will create a new wallet in the default directory. I believe you can override the location of your wallet.dat on the command line.
Also I would advise against moving or copying wallet.dat while the client is running, it should be ok but it's safer to shut the client down first.
Encryption is landing in the official client soon. If you're feeling adventurous you can try a beta of our client which supports private key encryption already. Note that we're a new kid on the block, be careful who you trust. For more details go to: 
@_date: 2011-06-26 01:31:17
This is the best advice for everyone - not just computer illiterate.
If it's connected to the network, you're at risk. It doesn't matter what OS you're on or whether your wallet is encrypted. You can certainly reduce your risk dramatically, but nothing will beat a savings account held on a device that has zero network connectivity.
Also make sure your backups aren't all in one place - perhaps swap an encrypted USB stick with a trusted friend or if you have particularly large Bitcoin holdings - rent a safe deposit box. Lost wallet is almost as bad a stolen one!
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:38:04
We've been too busy coding and testing to even think about creating a logo. :-)
I was fully aware that the lack of source code will be an issue with the Reddit crowd. If you don't trust it - don't run it, it's as simple as that. If only the public at large behaved like that, there would be no need for worrying about wallet encryption in the first place.
The reason I came to you guys first is that I believe you can tear into that binary like no one else (run it in a VM, log all network traffic, disassemble it, hell - even disassemble it) and you'll see it's clean.
@_date: 2011-06-23 18:33:11
There are other benefits to splitting them up. On a multi-user PC you only need to run one instance of the P2P node that services everyone. Organizations with large networks can provide a dedicated server -  improving security and reducing the internal network traffic.
It will also make it easier for a healthy ecosystem of wallet management clients to develop.
@_date: 2011-08-06 06:12:48
It's definitely a pretty good summary of the issues ahead, but I do think he's a bit too pessimistic about potential for optimization.
For a client to keep track of all the transactions in the system, at 2000tps we're talking about 2 MB/s or 16 Mbit/s downstream - doable even on today's consumer grade connection.
Upstream requirements are a bit more heavy - assuming 50 peers and relaying every transaction to every peer, we get 800 Mbit/s. We can trade off propagation speed for lower bandwidth by sending to fewer peers or look into multicasting. Supernodes can help here without becoming banks as transactions they'll refuse to process will still (eventually) propagate through regular peers.
Even if we only relay a transaction to two other peers (that haven't seen it before), we'd reach a billion clients after only 30 hops. 32 Mbit/s upstream is well within the realm of possibility by the time we reach Visa level transaction rates.
The giant 8 GBit/s rate accounts for sending the whole block (that's 10 minutes worth of transactions at 2000tps - 1.2 million transactions)  to 40 clients in 60 seconds. We need to have all the transactions to verify a block before we start hashing the next one and we want to do so as quickly as possible - hence the need for this burst in the unoptimized scenario.
The optimization requires clients to proactively keep track of all the transactions in the system as described earlier and when a new block is announced - burst download those that it hasn't seen before. Dan estimates that this will result in on demand download of 50% of transactions. I'd argue that we can get it pretty close to 0% by tweaking how long transactions need to be 'aged' before they can be included in a block. Unless I'm very mistaken (and I admit to not having done too much homework on this) - this one optimization can get the combined bandwidth to around 48 Mbit/s, less if we let supernodes do much of the broadcasting.
Yes, getting things to scale is not trivial but Bitcoin is still very young and we have lots of low hanging fruit left to pick.
@_date: 2011-06-20 04:00:50
Thanks for not just beating the dead horse - I came here fully expecting to get a beating over the lack of source.
Most of the core features (encryption, import / export) are added directly to the official client source. All the native code (bitcoin, openSSL, bdb, boost) gets statically linked with a small managed C++ wrapper, which yields BitcoinCLR.dll. The UI is in C# using Forms.
We have a parallel work going on a native Win32 UI to make a significantly leaner client but C# makes it much quicker and easier to iterate on various ideas.
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:19:22
Majority of it is in the official client's git repository :)
I understand that the lack of source code may seem suspicious however we feel we have a good reason to keep it closed for now.
@_date: 2011-06-24 02:07:44
Here's my work in progress on an easier to use client:
Beta 4 coming this weekend will have automated backups, AES encryption instead of 3DES, latest code from the Bitcoin repo (with some nice wallet refactoring) and maybe Yubikey support.
@_date: 2011-06-26 00:33:45
This is exactly what motivated me to start 
It's still early beta, but I already feel a lot better about keeping my meager Bitcoin savings in it over the official client.
My current setup is:
 - private keys encrypted with 3DES thanks to AllBitcoin
 - Yubikey for nice long passphrase
 - regularly export wallet to Dropbox (exports to a simple JSON file - easy to verify)
 - created a savings wallet with only a couple of keys, exported it onto cold storage (no netwok connection) and keep a well hidden offsite printout just in case.
Beats having to rely on a third party not to mess up (or not turn evil)! We're now working hard on making this kind of security available to all, not just the current tech savvy crowd.
@_date: 2011-06-20 04:05:06
It's easy enough to monitor the network traffic. If that were the case, it would be a very short-lived botnet indeed!
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:00:06
Please keep in mind that it is aimed at a less tech savvy user than the average Redditor, but I thought you might like it anyway.
Private keys are encrypted in wallet.dat (triple DES with CBC), we have some early support for the bitcoin: protocol and a handy export to JSON which I think is much more suitable for backup purposes.
The project will remain closed source for now as we have a lot of features in progress that we'd like to keep under wraps until they're ready.
Let us know what you think!
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:13:35
Perfectly understandable, it was something we've discussed a lot prior to this release. There have been some awful violations of people's trust within the community and I am not convinced that simply releasing the source solves the problem entirely. 
We will work hard to earn your trust but it will be a gradual process. We're currently working on processes for strict internal code review and signed binary releases. There's a lot of work and Bitcoin world moves so quickly!
I would recommend you try it out on a PC that doesn't have your official client wallet.dat on.
EDIT: Oh and OS X client is definitely in the pipeline but the focus in the coming weeks will be on getting the Windows client out of beta.
@_date: 2011-06-20 18:59:18
We have disabled RPC for now in AllBitcoin but when it goes back in, I'll make sure SSL is supported.
Support for easily redeeming bitbills is a great idea - we're already looking at QR codes for offline backup and this would be a natural extension.
I'm in two minds about the forced password changes. It's certainly a good practice but the crowd we're targeting with AlllBitcoin is notoriously bad with picking safe passwords and remembering them. Lost passwords are as bad as a compromised wallet - the Bitcoins are lost for good. I think initially it is preferable for people to pick one strong password and write it down somewhere safe. Eventually though something like this is the way to go: 
We already have an auto update (using the Microsoft's oneclick system). It's not perfect, but it does install all the .Net dependencies and prompts the user to update on startup if there's a new version.
Merging with official repository will be interesting as our goals and coding practices are a little different. I would be happy to contribute the wallet encryption code but I can see there's already work in progress on that front. I'd hate to stir up even more controversy than I already have with a binary only client announcement :-).
@_date: 2011-06-23 18:03:12
Absolutely, the P2P node has to be completely separate from the wallet. We (AllBitcoin) are already working on splitting out the node into a standalone service/daemon that multiple wallet managers can interact with - I really hope the official client will implement a similar system soon too.
@_date: 2011-06-20 06:56:43
I have just tried a build with EVP_aes_256_cbc instead of EVP_des_ede3_cbc and everything seems to be working fine - it's certainly an option then.
Judging by the fact that AES code in OpenSSL is guarded by  I am worried that it may fall foul of US export laws. I will investigate this some more, thank you for your feedback!
@_date: 2011-06-20 03:40:39
There are a few features that weren't quite as polished as we'd like - that got removed from this release. We simply haven't had time to sanitize the source tree and don't want to reveal our hand just yet.
@_date: 2011-06-26 01:20:55
Sigh, that's not exactly easy for those with lower levels of computer literacy. :(
There really is no reason for the private key to ever hit the drive in plaintext. It only took us one evening to integrate encryption into  [allbitcoin]( (built on top of OpenSSL's PKCS12_pbe_crypt, salted, randomized IVs) and few more days to polish the UI and make sure the password is never swapped out. It may not be perfect but it would stop most of the really easy exploits dead in the tracks.
