@_author: allen1980s
@_date: 2014-05-04 03:45:26
I have not. I compared the two closet products (Mini-Titan @ 150 Mh/s with Terminator A2 @ 75Mh/s). Of course, the ROI comparing a 75 Mh/s unit and the Titan would be even worse for a 75 Mh/s unit. This is why none of these smaller units, now showing up, are of any "real" value. We can look at this as cost per Mh/s. It is just better to wait for the KnC products, coming from a company that has already delivered product to consumers. :)  Also, on the Black Miner thread, their website is mysteriously no longer reachable... Have you noticed that yet? LOL
@_date: 2014-08-26 03:33:34
I purchased a 100 Mh/s Hashlet from GAW on Aug 17th, 2014 at around 16:30. To date, I have earned slightly more than 0.38 BTC or $192.05 (as of this posting) after maintenance fees. At this rate, I expect to recover my $1599.99 investment at around 53-60 days. Although I understand that people may think this to be a Ponzi scheme, knowing the past performance of GAW leads me to believe they have implemented a business model that all of the other hardware vendors have already been using, only this time, they are letting outsiders buy into the model. What is the model? They are mining with their own machines and using their own multipool, and they are sharing the profits from the whole scheme. Unlike BFL and other past and current "hardware" builders, who consistently miss their delivery dates over and over each year, they probably are just using their produced hardware to mine for their own benefit, or in this case, anyone willing to buy in. Why are BFL, KnC, and other hardware vendors missing their own delivery dates? They are taking the pre-order money, building the machines, probably mining with them for more profit, then shipping the outdated, used machines to the end-users who prepaid for them the year before. What is GAW likely doing? They are using your money, building the machines and mining with them, while actually paying you a rate of return for it to boot. I could not care less whether there is a machine with my name on it out there somewhere. If they are selling me a crypto version of a "time share," who cares? If my rate of return is positive and I make my investment back, in a reasonable time period, and with a reasonable long term continued rate of return, why should I care? Can you say that with KnC, BFL, or any other hardware vendors who have yet to make a delivery on time? How many have pre-purchased hardware only for the product to be months or quarters late, or flat-out undelivered? Plus, how many times have you received the hardware so late that the break-even was "infinity?" I have a rig in a room of my house that cost me $4100 to be built, only to be shut off 4 months later, because the costs to run the GPU-based rig were more than what the mining produced. For the person who started this thread, with the poorest of English skills, I say to you that you are a fraud. I also believe you represent one of the piss-poor vendors who have been secretly mining with pre-paid users' machines you haven't delivered. I also believe you think that anyone is going to give two shits about your accusations. Why? Because you have nothing, can produce nothing, and therefore are "nothing." At least some of us can see through the cryptic vale and understand that the GAW business model is allowing people to buy into a business model where GAW can use the money to innovate newer technology along the way, supporting the pledge "you will always be mining at a profit" and "because over time your miner will be upgraded." If GAW had gone public, through a stock offering, they would be subject to all sorts of regulations and requirements. In this case, if I am correct, they bypass all of the stock requirements and just allow people to buy into the model directly, something resembling partial business ownership without the voting right. I'm fine with that, and I actually applaud it. It is a creative business model, and I am willing to go for the ride. If I lose, it is my money, not yours. Your "alarm" to the public is more or less, somehow self-serving, and anyone who reads this rubbish should keep that in mind.  As my proof that my Hashlet is working and producing, I have attached imgur links to screenshots. Sorry I blocked my user information so you couldn't steal my account. I hope you catch the innuendo of how I can make you look like some crook too, without any proof one way or another. You know, I might actually be your boss at work (as you quoted: "I am near Josh").....notice anything strange in your cubicle in the last 4 days? 
[Imgur](  
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:25:40
Definitely not "gullible." I am just well informed and can perform the advanced math, you? :)  
@_date: 2014-05-04 03:19:24
I have another thread open on this same type of product from Innosilicon (China). They also are touting a 75 Mh/s miner available "now" for shipment. They are "supposedly" charging $12,000 for that unit. Your identification of KnC's Titan being only $10,000 (at 4 times the hashrate of a 75 Mh/s miner) is a very valid observation. I did an extensive mathematical analysis of why no one should be buying these newly marketed units at $12,000, let alone $15,000. Check out my Reddit post at   and drop a comment ! :)
@_date: 2014-08-26 03:40:54
Good catch. Fast reader! ;)