@_author: alliayewokane
@_date: 2018-10-19 15:25:45
Property rights don’t mean that you’re entitled to own specific property (apart from yourself) just by virtue of existing. Capitalism enables people to become wealthy even if they start with very little.
Disparity of wealth is inevitable since some people are more productive than others. Some are more wasteful than others and some have a higher time preference. There are more factors of course and some people are born into wealth, but there are many people who go from poor to rich or vice versa. 
I think it’s more important that people are free to live their lives absent of coercion (especially legalized coercion) than for everyone to have a similar amount of wealth. People also shouldn’t be punished for becoming wealthy (for example, progressive income taxes). 
Also, there could be a high disparity of income but still a high standard of living in a society. Absolute poverty is an issue, relative poverty isn’t. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:11:33
I interpreted it as water being something that you drink if you want to continue living, whereas consuming potassium cyanide will kill you. 
“A man who chooses between drinking a glass of milk and a glass of a solution of potassium cyanide does not choose between two beverages; he chooses between life and death.”
Mises was extremely in favor of free markets, and criticized socialism many times, so I’m wondering why you think that people are misunderstanding his beliefs on socialism when they are quite clear. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 10:05:15
When I talk about the individual I am talking about property rights. Capitalism doesn’t destroy people’s property rights since the whole system is based on private property and voluntary exchange. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:56:13


No, I said that in the specific example you gave, the court made the wrong decision. Courts build reputations by consistently making the right decisions. 
I'm done arguing with as you keep twisting my words and accuse me of not being able to engage in critical thinking when you are espousing NPC-esque philosophies. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:03:31
You said that Mises didn’t believe that socialism was death. I gave you a quote of his that pretty much indicates that he considered socialism to be death. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:17:21


Then you're obviously in the wrong for breaking into someone's house and taking their TV!


Then the court made the wrong decision. I'm sure that will happen under any potential system, since no system is perfect.


You could spread the word about what happened and try to turn public opinion against the company. Under statism, what do you do if the court rules against you and you end up spending your life in jail for something you didn't do? 


If somebody has no money and somebody causes him damages, then of course he must be paid back by the aggressor. If you don't have money then maybe you should try and find a job, which would be plentiful because every sector of the economy would have competition in it, and there would be no minimum wage regulations so more people could be employed. If you're not able to work, then perhaps people can help you out through charitable acts.


I never said anarchocapitalism was perfect. I am an anarchocapitalist based on principle, as I don't believe that it is justified to initiate force against peaceful people. Free markets are a consequence of that belief.
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:05:32


What's next? No taxes, no roads? I don't think you know much about anarchocapitalism and suggest that you read more about it if you want people to take you seriously when debating the topic.
Stealing somebody's money = theft
Taking back your stolen property = obviously not theft
If taking back your stolen property is theft, then theft is legitimized. Then again, I am arguing with a socialist.
@_date: 2018-10-19 01:49:18
Mises said that socialism is an alternative to capitalism as potassium cyanide is an alternative to water. 
So I’m pretty sure that he considered socialism to be death. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 15:40:28
It still enables people to become wealthy even if they start with very little. I didn’t make the claim that this is the case for all poor people.
Also I agree that a lot of luck is involved - being in the right places at the right time, and of course there are many external factors that we have no control over. 
But there’s no other system that I know of that can make people wealthy without the use of coercion along the way. And that’s why I am an anarchocapitalist. Capitalism is based on private property and voluntary exchange, socialism is based on theft. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:44:52


The people who want to use those services pay for them, instead of other people being forced to pay for other people. You're asking me to predict how a free market society would look, but that's an impossible task because there are so many factors to take into account and I do not know how each specific part of society would develop. But the idea is that people would respect the non-aggression principle, which states that it is illegitimate to initiate force against another person, and that violence is only justified to defend yourself or others from aggressors.
If a private court was biased towards wealthy people then the court would lose its legitimacy since everyone going to court hopes that the court will not be biased against them. 


They don't "just close the company as unprofitable and move on". They lose money, investors lose money and their reputation is tarnished. They have to pay for the damages that they caused. On the other hand, in our current system politicians can get away with doing so much damage with hardly any consequences. They are the ones that are essentially in charge of the courts, and the money that they are spending is not theirs to spend in the first place.
What holds people accountable is the fact that under anarchocapitalism there is no government to fall back on if you're a corrupt organization that wants to rip people off and destroy your competitors. That means that you're relying on consumers to buy your goods/services and so you have to please them as much as possible if you want to earn as much money as possible.


I'll give you an example. You're my neighbor, and while I am at work, you break into my house and steal my television. I come home and realize that my television is missing, and through security footage I realize that you stole it. I am now justified to break into your house and take my television back, or demand that you give it back / pay me for the damage caused. I am also justified to pay someone to do that on my own behalf (private police - who have no extra rights than anyone else, unlike state police). 
I am justified in breaking into your house to get my television back / using force to retrieve my stolen property simply because I am the actual owner of that piece of property. You have violated my property rights, so that means you owe me something, and once that debt has been settled you do not owe me anything. 
That is extremely different to taxation. A person works and earns money, and then agents of the state force him to give them some of his money. They have no right to take his money, just like you had no right to steal my television, but I do have the right to take back my television. By the same logic you are justified in using violence against tax collectors to retrieve the money that was taken from you but that's a good way to end up dead.


The argument that extortion and a monopoly on force is necessary is evil on its face, requiring a very superficial examination of economics and consequence. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 01:57:15
Not an argument. Irrelevant to my assertion. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 02:26:14
Well, in my opinion, socialism is essentially death to the individual. Property rights of individuals are discarded through extortive acts like taxation and all government policies are indicative of tyranny because government is a coercive monopoly on force definitionally. 
I don’t think that Mises would not consider socialism as death but obviously there’s no way of knowing that. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:57:01


What I'm saying is nobody knows how the free market will develop. There's no central planning involved. How is anybody supposed to know every single aspect of a free society that doesn't exist yet?


Running out of money? The fact that there's nobody to bail them out? It's surely easier to get away with it if you have friends in the government, or if you are part of the government. 


My apologies. I wasn't aware that I was arguing with a clairvoyant. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 19:42:09
It's in their interests to recognize judgments, otherwise people will have the incentive to violate the property rights of other people. Again, I don't know how exactly the system will look, but I'm more confident in the free market than the courts that are literally owned by a monopoly, which are heavily biased in favor of the monopoly. Competition is a good thing. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:05:00


I do view all tax as theft, because taking someone's property by force or the threat of force amounts to theft (or more accurately - extortion).


- If capitalism is based on private property and voluntary exchange then this implies that it's also anarchistic in nature, since the introduction of a state into the definition of capitalism means that private property becomes diluted and voluntary exchange gets thrown out the window through taxation.


It's based on taking peoples' money by force and spending it for them.


I don't know why you assume that under anarchocapitalism you would have to go to war with businesses to make them respect your space. If a business is constantly polluting peoples' water / causing noise pollution then you can take it up with them in a private court, and it's also dangerous for the business to engage in such behaviors because they can easily lose business to a more ethical competitor. Also, governments are guilty of things such as polluting the water supply. A private company could easily provide water to people, and if they provided polluted water then people would probably stop buying from them.


You also have to deal with tons of regulations and taxes which hinder the growth of businesses - especially smaller ones, who aren't in bed with the government like many of the big companies. You say that your government pays for you to go to conferences and educate yourself, but what is happening there is that there is a group of people who have established a monopoly on the use of force in a particular territory, who are constantly extorting people for their money, including yourself, and then they are redistributing some of that money. So in a sense you are paying for yourself, or somebody else is paying for you. Of course you could benefit from it if you receive more than you pay in taxes, but the point is that people are being extorted to raise these funds and that is abhorrent.
So even if you have freedom to education and healthcare, you only have that freedom from the barrel of a gun that the government points at peoples' heads if they (eventually) don't pay their taxes (i.e. you don't pay your taxes, they send you a letter, you ignore it, they send you another letter, you ignore it, they visit you, you defend your property, they put a bullet through your head / arrest you). In other words if you keep resisting and defending your property you will end up dead.
Under anarchocapitalism, nobody is extorted to provide people with education or healthcare. Competition and the lack of state-enforced monopolies means that quality tends to go up while prices fall, so it's possible that such services would be provided at a higher quality without having to pay much for them. Also keep in mind that under anarchocapitalism you don't have to give half of your income (or whatever your tax rate is) to anyone. 
Same goes for insurance - I'm sure people would buy pay for insurance in case they got sick. And if they didn't, I assume that people having higher disposable incomes as a result of no taxation would mean that they'd be better placed to help their fellow people via charity. Also there would be more of an incentive to save money if the currency used in a specific area wasn't inflationary like every single fiat currency.
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:39:30
I want a society based on voluntary exchanges and a respect for the non-aggression principle (it is illegitimate to initiate force). Read up on anarchocapitalism if you want more information. 
Look at the world right now and tell me honestly whether you think it's chaos or not. The head of a certain government is threatening to use nuclear weapons against other countries, for example. 
We live in chaos. The reason for the existence of that chaos is mainly because of the belief in authority, and people fail to realize how many people governments have killed over the years. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:53:51
The government has a monopoly on violence but people are also free? That’s an interesting definition of freedom you have there. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 10:52:21
I don't understand what you mean - who would decide what a suboptimal number of roads is? Also do we have a perfect number of roads today?
@_date: 2018-02-23 12:27:17
I never made the claim that the US was free. Far from it. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 13:45:22
Yeah, I agree. It's not fair to have to pay for something that you might not use. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 10:57:08
That's not an argument. Can you explain how threatening to put people in a cage if they don't pay you money is compassionate? In my view, charities are a great example of compassion, not taxes. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 19:53:46
Taxation is theft 
@_date: 2017-09-16 00:27:30
Ah you sure got me there. How would we ever put concrete in the ground without a violent monopoly ruling over us?
@_date: 2017-09-16 13:06:01
What's the alternative then?
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:56:29
Stockholm syndrome
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:02:19
Strange to see someone who likes government enforced monopolies on a Bitcoin sub. 
Also, you seem to be implying that without a monopoly on violence people would not be able to come together to put out fires or protect each other from criminals. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:21:34
The majority gets to impose their will on the minority. Sounds like a very fair system to me. Not only that, but you have uninformed masses of people who get to vote once every couple of years, while those in power can get away with doing nearly anything in that time period. 
I think you should read up on anarcho-capitalism so you can understand the importance and efficiency of free markets as well as the moral justification for privatizing everything. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 11:25:10
I don't think there's a point of arguing further because we have different views on morality. I think that forcing people to give you money is always wrong no matter what. Charities aren't the only solution - obviously the free market would provide people with way more goods and services than any government could ever hope to provide. I wouldn't say that the government exists to benefit people as it steals from them, puts them in cages and does whatever it pleases with them. If in order to help a person you must steal from another, then sure, you're certainly helping one person, but you're also harming another and I find that morally reprehensible. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:25:02
Okay, let's agree to disagree then. :)
@_date: 2017-09-16 01:51:55
Okay, so if people didn't have any of their money stolen by the government, and if the government didn't exist, I'm sure they wouldn't be willing to pay money to build roads, right?
@_date: 2017-09-16 10:53:07
There is nothing compassionate about collecting money through the threat of violence. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 11:03:04
But you trust some random people that the government decides to hire? Also these people are normally under no pressure to perform well because the government makes money through taxation, whereas if they worked for a private company that was run well they'd be under pressure to work as efficiently as possible in order for them to keep their job. 
I think your logic is very flawed because you are assuming that there would be no proper fire brigade under anarchocapitalism. Obviously there would be a demand for such a company to arise, so there would be money to be made by providing said service. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:58:13
No victim, no crime. Just because the government says something is a crime doesn’t make it so. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 03:17:14
And how is this an argument for having one institution having a monopoly on violence and imposing monopolies in certain sectors of the economy?
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:06:20
If I want to use a road then absolutely, I would be willing to pay for it. A private company could build a road and then charge people for access to it, perhaps in a way that is seamless (such as a car having something like a barcode underneath it and being charged every time it passes over a certain road) or they could decide to set up advertising banners at the sides of the roads and let people use their road for free. 
The problem of free-riders will always exist in some form, but I don't really understand your point because with taxation, people are not usually taxed equal amounts so some people may end up having millions stolen from them while others may have hundreds stolen from them, yet they both have the same access to public services. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 10:50:33
Every society runs on greed. Through capitalism specifically, people benefit from the greed of others. For example, if you decide to open a business so you can make money out of it, your greed is causing you to hire people and give them employment opportunities because you think it will help you make more money. 
And it doesn't necessarily need the whole world to live under anarchocapitalism to work; I'm sure a small community would do just fine if governments left it alone (doubtful). 
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:44:31
The fact that a company or an individual can  build a road near your one and charge much less for people to use it means that you would probably go broke by charging people crazy prices to use your road. 
I don't know of any large scale examples of this happening, because the government has a coercive monopoly on roads and obviously this scenario hasn't been allowed to happen.  
@_date: 2017-09-16 02:58:19
If you owned one of those 4 roads and decided to set the prices much lower than the other 3, you would make much more money than they would and this would probably force the other 3 to lower their prices in order to not lose all of their customers. Therefore there's an incentive for each road owner to not involve themselves in such agreements as they will be driven to make as much money as possible and such an agreement would make it less profitable for them individually. 
I'll admit that I don't know the full answer to how everything could work in the free market, but that's because there are so many possibilities and the most efficient ones will naturally end up as being the most successful ones. 
My problem with the government is that everything it does is based on the fact that it is a monopoly on force; it's the only institution that is allowed to initiate violence against peaceful people and get away with it. Therefore, everything necessary that the government provides people with (by threatening people for money) should be provided by individuals in the free market through voluntary transactions. That's the basis of my belief.
EDIT: I just noticed your addition to your comment with the example about an ISP. Yes, you could do that as long as you're making your potential customers aware that you're going to do that, and then no sane person would use your service. 