@_author: allnaturalx
@_date: 2015-06-06 14:00:30
Trivial with a commitment scheme.  Have multiple entropy sources commit to a value as a round, and reveal the values a second round.  Result is the bitwise xor of all the values, and each device can independently check for the fairness of the round and the final value.
Trezor already kind of does this by using your PC as an entropy source, but I'm not sure exactly how the protocol or verification works.
@_date: 2014-10-20 05:47:32
Not saying it's a system I want to see implemented, but rest assured it's being considered.
@_date: 2014-07-26 17:18:37
Looks awesome, just placed a 5oz order... thanks :).
2 cups of tea
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:00:03
There is much less need for trust in a third party when it comes to electronic cash.  There is only very localized risk of identity theft, information leaks, fraud, payment reversals, etc.
And the fact that Satoshi introduced a model that is trustless does not mean he wanted to eliminate all trusted models.  When you have an economy comprised of both you need interfaces between the two.  Before there was no possibility of a trustless model, and now there is.  As you seem to understand that's what makes Bitcoin revolutionary.  
It's that same trustless model that provides the advantages I stated over the legacy fiat system, as it allows you to deal either directly with the transaction recipient or with only a single institution in the chain rather than dozens.  And if you're dealing with an institution the institution gets the guarantees provided by the trustless model, passing them on to you (eg - with Coinbase/Blockchain/GreenAddress not allowing for transaction reversals that put your balance in the red or being able to discriminate against who you send money to like PayPal or Visa do currently).
So once again, Satoshi's introduction of a trustless infrastructure is not to be confused with a statement that all trusted systems should be eliminated.  Some people prefer to trust a third party, and I think that will forever be human nature.  There's no reason we can't use a trustless model to bring advantages to these people that were not previously possible while still allowing for trustless operation for all who care about their money.
@_date: 2014-06-28 19:30:00
Well I went in for 1BTC, here to stay.  Already made enough in dividends to write off the investment and not planning on selling any time soon (I only really do long term write off style investments into anything crypto).  I also voted yes to p2pool.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:59:41
In GPG symmetric mode (AES) your private key is just a password.  It does not contain additional information like in public/private key crypto.  It's like any other password, and I keep it secure because only two people in the world know it and both have it memorized with a clue written on a sheet of paper to help remember in case it's many years from now.  It's not stored anywhere else so there is nothing to secure, but the point is that it's a lot shorter than a brain wallet and unlike a brainwallet you also need the additional authentication of being able to access the original encrypted file (which we have backed up in many redundant places with no knowledge of the password) to spend the money.
@_date: 2014-08-02 13:51:56
BitLicense doesn't apply to merchants... She may have fewer customers using Bitcoin but will definitely still be able to use it.  Read the regulations and take the FUD elsewhere :).
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:40:51
That's how anybody in the mainstream establishment is going to perceive this kind of rhetoric.
If you have a valid argument, make it kindly and with decorum and respect for your audience.  If you can't do that you almost certainly don't have a valid argument.
Saying fuck you to a regulator who is reaching out to you without considering the specifics of what they are proposing sure seems to be anti authoritarian to an extreme.
@_date: 2014-08-14 04:25:28
From one startuper/Bitcoiner to another... get started! $5
And if you're seriously thinking about selling your car, get a (very) nice road bike instead... can be done for as little as $400, with a backpack or rack you can get your groceries, and you can average about 15-20 MPH with not too much effort while exercising... how many places do you go more than 20 miles away anyway.  Then take the insurance, gas, and maintenance money into BTC.
But never put more in than you're willing to lose, as the advice goes... know that if you do give up your car or any other money as someone who's cash strapped, you're essentially burning that money to have a chance to own a piece of the Bitcoin network.  Make sure you'll be OK with that even if your investment becomes worthless.
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:34:15
Thanks!  Pretty sure this is my first reddit tip :).
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:13:45
I think you're assigning opinions to Satoshi that he never himself stated.  Cautioning users against web wallets != wanting to eliminate all centralized services.  Centralized services work well on top of the blockchain the same way they do on top of TCP - the revolutionary idea is that you have a choice and can work with the lower level tokens yourself (Bitcoin) using the same infrastructure as the big boys and little to no startup cost, and outside of the realm of anything but the laws of mathematics (as tokens cannot be arbitrarily printed, etc.).  
I think it would be pretty ludicrous to assume Satoshi wanted to eliminate all centralized services.  And I don't see any reason not to give users the choice and build out both use cases of the network fully.
And either way, what Satoshi thinks doesn't matter so much.  His philosophical revelations are revolutionary and provide us with the first example of digital scarcity and the associated defederated payment infrastructure to support it.  But at this point the network is the property of the world, not Satoshi or any other public figure, and to say that people shouldn't build Bitcoin services that work for them and make their interactions with the legacy system easier just because they may be centralized seems to me to be needlessly reactionary and unproductive.
Bitcoin gives us the first decentralized option when it comes to storing, managing, transferring, and using money.  It also has the potential to make centralized options more transparent, secure, cheap, interconnected, and convenient.  Why not explore both?
@_date: 2014-09-09 20:14:09
Nor will there ever be, unless you plan on policing the [analog hole](
@_date: 2014-12-01 04:46:02
I'm surprised that you think I haven't read the whitepaper.  In fact, I've studied it extensively.  I'm not sure how that's relevant here.  The whitepaper is primarily technical and I haven't mentioned any technical challenges or details in any of my posts.


I disagree.  Bitcoin has major advantages as a fiat payment network - it's worldwide, instant, low overhead, allows for unbanked participants in a mixed fiat/BTC economy, and eliminates the need for a remittance industry or currency conversion overseas.  It's also quite convenient to spend in retail, requiring as this video shows only a mobile phone for its use.  
I never argued against Bitcoin as a store of value - see my other comment and note that they are complementary and actually synergistic applications.  Unless you expect Bitcoin to depose fiat entirely and atomically, we will need a solid Bitcoin-fiat payment infrastructure for those who are still interacting with fiat economies while wanting to use Bitcoin, and nothing in the whitepaper or anywhere else precludes such a system.  Even if you think Bitcoin will eventually replace all fiat (which I do not), there will still be a transition period where such services are inevitable.


Again I disagree.  They are extremely high-overhead by comparison, non-inclusive, slow, and complex.  They don't allow for frictionless micropayments or new smart spending modes like smart contracts, and often require you to trust them with sensitive financial information.  What centralized payment infrastructure allows you to potentially pay anybody in the world without being affected by physical location, the legitimacy of the receiver (from huge businesses to the unbanked), or the final fiat (or not) currency of choice?  With ten minute confirmations, pseudonymyty, and no potential for fraud?  I think these are all major competitive advantages.
Anyway, my post was not an endorsement of what I believe should be the only future of Bitcoin.  Just one low-effort way Bitcoin can chip away at fiat payment solutions today with infrastructure that already exists and a business model / value proposition for consumers that makes sense.  And I'm sure as I said in my original comment that the big players are already looking into this, so it will happen regardless.
@_date: 2014-08-07 23:18:48
2 beers.  One for you and one for her :).
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:02:43
Yeah.  The reaction here is definitely going to help the regulations be more lenient...
@_date: 2014-08-10 04:10:47
Technically true, but look at the 1W+ graphs and it looks a lot more like hardware tests (consistent hashrate, periods of total up and downtime, etc.)  Also, the fact that it exactly doubled is suggestive of a controlled increase in hashpower.  Makes much more sense to me than some random pointing hashpower at PETA's node and then deciding to exactly double it today, which makes all of no sense (what would incentivize this?).
@_date: 2014-08-13 21:48:04
It's been around for a while, I've used it with great success after looking the code myself, they are also using relatively proper crypto for a browser-based JS solution (they're using window.crypto over Math.random, the latter of which is a big no no).
Overall a good paper wallet generator when taking the usual precautions (generate offline, verify signature of code, use a clean/secure machine, etc).  If you're storing large amounts you can always seed via dice rolls, coin flips, etc. with pretty clear instructions on getting enough entropy, so consider this option.  If you're storing huge amounts that could ruin you, perhaps just manually generate a seeded address offline using command-line tools instead.
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:37:16
I'm with you, and I personally use Bitcoin as a store of value.  But it's a pretty hard sell to the average user to put their life savings in Bitcoin, which requires a tremendous mental leap that not even many people who use Bitcoin are comfortable taking.  These advancements are possible tomorrow and the utility is immediately evident, and once people are using the network they'll eventually have the "oh hey I can use these tokens as a store of value" epiphany.
Anyway, for any of this to be possible the tokens must have value, fungibility, etc., so I feel the goal of developing Bitcoin as a payment processor inevitably benefits Bitcoin the value store even though the technical advancements are mostly orthogonal.
@_date: 2014-07-26 14:52:11
Is there a list of all the places I can buy tea with BTC anywhere?  Anything high-end, US domestic?  The tea looks good but I can't stomach $23 for shipping for such a small order :(.
@_date: 2014-10-19 22:27:01
Yup.  Each block would need to be signed by a trusted entity's key to be considered valid, with the set of valid trusted entity keys being maintained by some central regulatory body (also on the blockchain, with updates/additions/revocations being signed by their key as transactions so as to not include a central point of failure).  
Security against 51% attacks is then trivial - if any trusted entity had over 51% hashing power, their bad blocks would bear their signature, and if their key was revoked their sidechain would instantly be considered invalid.  This allows the network to be distributed but the token creation to be centrally managed with no single point of failure (other than the key the regulatory agency holds, which in their view would not be a point of failure but which everyone in this subreddit knows definitely is).
@_date: 2014-07-26 15:17:54
I may do that some time later this year.  My significant other is a tea lover and it would make a good gift.  Would love to see someone jump the gun and do a good review.
I would still love a US domestic source for my more varied (herbal, etc) and smaller/frequent purchases if anyone knows one.  I think it's great your friend is adding Bitcoin and is interested enough to do it with a custom implementation.  Perhaps tell him to link to the community created [bitcoin.org]( somewhere on the information page for people who are interested in more information about the general process?
@_date: 2014-11-30 18:01:53
Yup.  This is what I've always seen as the future for retail BTC payments.  Only one more step is left and that's a wallet which allows users to spend on the BTC network without telling them it's BTC.  
Think PayPal with Bitcoin output, so no need to maintain a BTC balance, just scan the code and approve the USD amount and payment is completed over Bitcoin network.  Then you can shop all over the world with your fiat/BTC app, with merchants all accepting BTC and converting to fiat on their end.  And with the same app you could pay anyone over the internet who accepts Bitcoin in USD.  Offline transactions could be done by maintaining a USD balance and relatively recent exchange rate, providing an older USD estimate to the user and syncing with the server to debit the real USD amount as soon as connectivity is achieved.
Circle is close but not quite there yet.  You still have to hold a BTC balance / think in BTC / see the word BTC, and you're still exposed to volatility.  These things are unpalatable for the average consumer, and probably always will be.  The average consumer doesn't want to manage their own retirement accounts, nevermind their daily spending money.  They want it all to be managed for them, and that's why they love the legacy system.  They don't have to think and the government makes sure there isn't any reason for them to by guaranteeing they'll cover all the mistakes.  While we should give them the option to deal directly with BTC as a commodity/asset (which is totally empowering and inclusive to people who the legacy banking system doesn't work for or the growing minority who prefers to avoid them), there's no reason not to build services they can use in their daily lives.
PayPal could really dominate this space with all of the infrastructure they have for fiat payments already, they just have to decide they want to add BTC as an output option for any account with instant USD to BTC conversion.  The advantage being completely secure payments to any merchant on the globe, whether they sell VPS's out of Bulgaria or hot dogs in NYC or even your unbanked uncle in Zambia, with no setup cost or bank accounts required for any of the participants and ~10 minute confirmation times (zeroconf being accepted in retail).  I wouldn't be surprised if they partner with BitPay to do the reverse of what BitPay currently does and do an instant USD/Bitcoin exchange - the infrastructure is already there on BitPay's side.
In fact with competition from usurpers like SnapCash, Square and Venmo promising frictionless payments, now is the time for PayPal to step up and develop a risk appetite, and they would be silly not to pursue a very simple and easy avenue that has the potential to embed them in every retail, online, and international USD transaction at the consumer level.
Obviously eventually we want to close the loop and have B2B payments, etc. in BTC but the above is almost implemented and if done right would make BTC the best payment solution the world has ever seen.  At the very least, we'd start seeing new modes of Internet-enabled payment (from smart contracts to tipping etc.), the need for currency conversion would become relevant only when transacting cash (as you approve an amount in your currency of choice), and the remittance market would become a thing of the past as it integrates into the wider global payment ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-08-10 03:10:16
[They just recently doubled their p2pool capacity from 4 to 8 TH/s](  Probably just ramping up slowly, clearly work is progressing so don't worry, it's coming.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:23:12


Ben Lawsky is just a human being like everybody else.  Whether you think he is a thief or not, or whatever offenses you think him guilty of, both he and his ideas deserve to be treated with a basic standard of respect granted to all human beings.  
People are complex - I know you're not out on the street screaming fuck you at everyone who has done something you consider morally reprehensible.  Especially not those who are reaching out to consider your feedback in ways they are not required to.


Do you honestly expect to convince people of the validity of your position with that sort of behavior?  Or if you don't care, why even post at all?
@_date: 2014-07-27 00:26:12
Wow, sounds good to me.  I'll definitely be placing an order in a week or two (changing addresses soon).  Thanks for doing this, I love the idea of organic tea in BTC :).
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:07:52
This is how I do it.  Generated a few cold storage wallets offline (I put 10BTC in each wallet to mitigate losses from bad random number generation if at some point it's discovered that my keys are weak), encrypted them with GPG in AES symetrically, backed up on Dropbox, GMail, my phone, and all my PC's.
Then I sent them to someone else I trust absolutely with all of my money as well (my significant other) who also knows the password to decrypt but does not have it stored digitally anywhere.  I also kept a cleartext file (with no backups necessary) that has a list of all the public addresses so I can check their balance on the Blockchain and send money to them.
This is all for cold storage only, I also have a hotwallet with a few BTC for spending.  Once I spend any of these cold addresses I will consider them burned forever.
I recommend a similar technique for your funds, I consider it at least as safe as a brain wallet (as even if something happens to me my money will be spent) and the password to remember can be a hell of a lot shorter (20 characters) and still plenty secure.
@_date: 2014-12-01 18:30:38
Do you think they'll have a problem reintroducing centralization?  Most people who don't use BTC would prefer to use a USGov backed and endorsed system (don't believe me?  read their comments, etc.)
I think one of the biggest dangers to Bitcoin's network effect in terms of altcoins is a USDCoin.  You can maintain the decentralized network, linking banks and users worldwide just as Bitcoin does with no need for centralized technical infrastructure, introducing centralization only through the management of a trusted root key.  You can see my thoughts on how that would look [here](  The only difference would be that private keys would need to be generated by the US Gov after a registration process, either for all users of the system or only for the banks that process blocks (miners).
Note that this is not a system I am endorsing in any way.  Just a devil's advocate thought experiment on potential competitors to Bitcoin from the legacy system using the same technology while maintaining many of the desirable decentralization advantages (and introducing only what many see as favorable centralization, letting the US gov manage and police the overall network while enforcing accountability for any malicious mining actions).  
Pegging to the USD by the fed or another bank (willing to buy/sell 1 USDcoin for 1USD at any time) would then take care of volatility as well for American customers, the  complaint with using BTC, while bringing the dollar closer to the de facto world currency, something the US government has fought very hard to do in the past and will likely continue fighting for.  Scary thoughts for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-01 22:06:09
I don't disagree that Bitcoin is a better solution technically and monetarily, especially as a store of value.  It's cleaner and sound, unlike USDCoin would be.  My only fear is that if a USDCoin system exists and is made official/convenient, use of the Bitcoin network will be highly scrutinized and perhaps even attacked as something that fundamentally threatens the US monetary hegemony.
Personally I think if the Bitcoin network has any big fight ahead of it it will look like that, and we should be ready.  Bitcoin's antifragility is a big part of this, but there's also a PR battle that needs to be won for Bitcoin's legitimacy (because after all it's only money if people accept it) being at least that of any other coin.
@_date: 2014-08-10 03:16:45
I think they are waiting until they have something more concrete than ~1% of their hashpower in P2Pool to send an announcement.  As for when it happened, looks like it was on August 9th, &lt;24 hours ago (check the weekly graph on their P2Pool node).
@_date: 2014-10-17 08:24:27
An easy way to do this is issue colored coins  on the existing crypto blockchain of your choice a la [Brock Pierce](  The only problem in such a scheme is that you need a trusted party of some sort, either to back / peg the value of your tokens or to get a price trusted / verifiable by all.  In your scheme this is the "exchange", which has to hold dollars (a recipe for disaster in the past).  
Such a third party is antithetical to the purposes of Bitcoin, and if you are going to introduce any sort of trusted third party you may as well just centralize your USD tokens as Amazon Payments or PayPal does, because you also get an instant one-click payment network and the backing of a large company (and the bookkeeping of such a network is internally easier and more efficient than the blockchain).
A better way is probably to use something like Ripple to do frictionless crypto / dollar conversions.  Overall as long as you have a diversity of exchanges and the Bitcoin/USD is sufficiently frictionless (it's getting closer), there's no real need to peg Bitcoin to USD if you can just convert on both sides of the transaction.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:57:31
Is there any non-anarchocapitalist BTC subreddit?  I love the currency and the technology but don't want to abolish the government.  The intense anti-"statist", contrarian, anger and dissent for the sake of anti-authoritarianism that fill this subreddit are getting very old to me though, and I feel they significantly hinder mainstream adoption of BTC.
Edit - [One of the hundreds of examples on this thread]( of a mentality that I no longer have time for or wish to engage with.
Edit2 - I felt it was worth stating that my problem is not with anarchocapitalism itself (though I disagree with entirely with most of its defining ideas), it's with the immense amount of negativity it brings to this subreddit.  Comments like "fuck off" or [statists gonna state]( add nothing to the discussion and are productive in absolutely no way.  They simply introduce negativity and portray a hostility/angst that makes Bitcoin seem less legitimate to people like regulators who are trying to reach out and integrate BTC into their lives.  Whether you agree or not with their efforts, a little decorum as a community in threads like this will go a long way towards the perception of Bitcoin as a legitimate currency, investment vehicle, financial product, etc.
We should be welcoming everyone who is here to try to contribute productively in any way to continue to do so, and giving them all the encouragement and guidance we can as the early adopters of this potentially new model.  Let the inefficacy of the regulations render itself self evident if you believe it will do so rather than shouting obscenities at a man who's just doing his job, and giving you more regulatory leeway in this case than he has to and I'm sure more than the banks want him to give.
@_date: 2014-10-15 13:10:21
In addition to this, the word "coin" does not lend itself to divisibility to most people.  If you explain Bitcoin as cash you can send over the Internet, most people will think the "1 coin" units involved are not divisible, as in the physical money they are used to.  I think it is a more serious PR problem, especially in the developing world, than most Bitcoin companies give it credit for.  
The issue will eventually be solved though, and only serves to delay adoption and give Bitcoin the time to build the infrastructure, ecosystem, regulatory clarity, and market cap that it needs to compete with mature money transmission services.
@_date: 2014-08-18 03:58:51
So when you calculate a bank's transaction fees, do you include everybody on its payroll and all other expenditures divided by the *number of* institutional transactions (not even the volume, as you ignore that here)?  As you say, do the math.
@_date: 2014-07-15 19:32:36
You think that's bad?  I placed a ~$1000 order the day they rolled out BTC support.  Contacted customer support to see if they can throw me a token gift card or something but I'm not hopeful.  Oh well, buying a computer in BTC was fun anyway.
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:45:57
Not sure what's going on with PETA, dividends went down by ~25% in a day last week and have been there since.  Someone on here posted that they think ghash is sitting on solved blocks, could that be it?  The drop in dividend corresponds well with ghash's drop in overall network share.
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:07:00
Got several of these so far for a few family and friends.  Everyone has loved the quality and they're very receptive to feedback.  Only thing I still wish is that you could mix &amp; match the three packs... that would definitely have another order from me on the way.
@_date: 2014-08-08 00:56:56
I hope so too, but worst case scenario you're still drinking beer bought with Bitcoins, so life can't be too bad.  Enjoy!
@_date: 2014-09-27 14:26:07
Paper wallet for large amounts.  For small amounts I prefer GreenAddress for security (though the mobile UI is a bit rough).  Just store your encrypted mnemonic only with a passphrase you won't forget and there's no chance of not being able to get back in.  Also properly set up the nLockTimes feature and there's no risk that GA going defunct will steal your coins.
An adversary would need your mnemonic, password, and 2FA (for GA's signature).  GA has no knowledge of your mnemonic either so they cannot spend.
@_date: 2014-07-16 00:52:26
Up the thread?
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:33:34
Totally agreed - thank you for staying engaged in the community here and on Twitter, and for helping us make clear that Bitcoin itself is not the enemy of regulators or the current financial system, it's simply a way to give the people more transparency and control over their own finances, something we sorely need in this day and age.
@_date: 2014-08-14 05:20:16
Wow.  Not sure what you did to deserve such public treatment from their official account... just downright nasty.  I will never deal with BTCJam, since your aggravation and frustration saved me at least $5, :).
@_date: 2014-12-01 20:24:29
You can do everything Bitcoin does as a store of value with gold or diamonds or platinum also - like Bitcoin there is a finite attainable supply.  The point is that Bitcoin is *digital* and scarce with no third party.  None of the monetary concepts are unique, only the source of the scarcity and its digital medium.
You could previously not work with digital cash yourself.  Only digital IOU's from some corporation.  Now you can choose to have a digital IOU from the Bitcoin network instead, which for the first time is not a singular third party or corporation, but rather a network/protocol backed by a decentralized and sound digital asset.  Being able to work directly with that kind of asset over a network is exactly the revolution Bitcoin brings to the table.
Of course this also comes with a beautiful distributed consensus algorithm that might be able to be used in other distributed networks, but to answer your question yes that is the revolutionary idea behind Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-26 15:00:08
You can already do this on blockchain, just load up [an address]( and change the currency in the dropdown on the bottom.
Cool project, but needs more features!
@_date: 2014-08-10 14:11:15
@_date: 2014-08-01 16:14:27
The server only autosigns if you have proper 2FA.  So to send from your phone you require:
- Either the quick unlock pincode you set OR your full mnemonic and encryption password if one exists
- 2FA confirmation from email, Google Authenticator, etc.
Someone just stealing my phone has no chance.  You can also, from the web interface, reset quick PIN login on all devices, requiring a full mnemonic + password login before funds can be sent.  Even otherwise, the PIN can't be guessed as it is part of a decryption key for the mnemonic server-side, and is deleted after 3 unsuccessful attempts, requiring full BIP38 login.
You can also set a cumulative send limit that doesn't require 2FA.  EG - Preapprove 0.5 BTC for spending and the first n transactions adding up to &lt;0.5 BTC won't require 2FA, just the first bullet above.
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:27:27
Selling all my PETA units now.  Dividends have been absolutely slammed for the last few weeks, this is a shoddy update with some non-information on shareholder payout concerns that sidesteps around the real issues while casually discarding a 90+% shareholder vote to switch to P2Pool.
Take it from an early adopter, PETA is doomed and looks really bleak from here.  Just read their previous updates and spot the difference in professionalism and grammar...


Not a sentence.


Not a sentence.


Show some proof and issue a revote if you think the reasons are legitimate.


Oh really?  I'd love some if additional hardware will be deployed too!


I'm going to stop here because this is embarrassing.  Multi-million dollar cloud mine PETA collapsing amidst plunging dividends, high hosting costs, and CEO mutiny of formerly honored shareholder votes.  The only thing this company still would have had going for it is P2Pool.  This really doesn't look pretty, and apparently they can't even afford an English native for proofreading any more.
Run, run for the hills.
Edit: Let me also hijack this comment to say that all of their reasoning for abandoning P2Pool is also totally bogus.  BitFury is totally compatible, they already have a [test node up]( I've seen no proof that variance would be greatly increased (especially with a petahash+ pool that's **already experiencing high variance on GHash**), and the 51% risk has not disappeared.  Even with 30% of the market, GHash can easily collude with one other large entity or even launch attacks/scams of its own already (selfish mining and doublespend in some cases, extremely alarming as there is some evidence [suggesting GHash has already double spent](  Anyway, do the network a favor and put your mining BTC into something that runs P2Pool.
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:36:37
That those same types of people who post diatribes on r/Bitcoin on how taxes are theft and how they use Bitcoin specifically to evade them may hurt widespread adoption as mainstream users facepalm at what they see as fringe positions.  And he's right :).
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:43:05
How do I know Bitcoin hasn't gone mainstream yet?  Because 99% of intelligent and functioning human beings would agree with you about the inflammatory nature and needlessly misplaced aggression of their rhetoric and the unrealistic pipe dreams of solving the world's problems through [technological determinism]( but in the Bitcoin community there's still some quite harsh dissent.
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:28:03
Can you post the APK here?  Use this guide:   You don't need to install Astro, you can just use your computer to transfer it off your phone.
I am a security researcher who's done some work on Android before.  I'll need two or three days but I can post an analysis.
**Before you do that**: Disable automatic updates on Google Play Store and do not update any applications or change anything on your phone in the next few days.  Also do not use it for any sensitive purposes (banking, tax-related information, any financial data) until you've found the root cause of this issue.  This will also help stop this from happening in the future to others.  Really sorry for your loss, unfortunately I'm not a wealthy guy but I'll send you $50 in BTC in exchange for the app to an address of your choice.
@_date: 2014-08-01 05:08:40
FWIW I've been using GreenAddress as my primary hotwallet for a few weeks now and it's been brilliantly easy across all devices.  The main problem I have is that the Android app is buggy (PIN login often fails for unknown reasons, especially when launching the app from an intent) and feels non-native (in fact it's just the web app, questionably adapted for mobile).  
Either way it's my preferred wallet for its multisig, and the fact that it automatically emails nLockTime transactions and sends your coins to a fresh address each time is perfect for what I want out of a hotwallet.
@_date: 2014-10-16 13:36:27
I'd say 80% of my income and expenses are BTC.  One thing that's majorly missing is food.  There's no way to buy food in BTC in the US unless you consider something like Gyft + Whole Foods, but that doesn't work for me.
@_date: 2014-08-01 22:32:10
It weakens your security to have both GA and your 2FA mechanism accessible from the same phone.  That being said, even if you do you still need to log in to GreenAddress (through the PIN you get three tries for or your BIP38 mnemonic, which if an attacker knows it's already game over regardless of device access).  Together with an on-device passcode for the lockscreen I'd say it's a good hotwallet solution for the majority of users.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:36:40


Well, then you and I are in disagreement on proper social behavior in civilized society.  I personally find open derision and name calling categorically and wantonly overaggressive and unproductive in arguments catering to all but the basest of impulses.  It's of course your right to disagree and to have a good day doing so.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:53:58


I spent two years of my life on the street every day, marching with placards and protesting on the doorstep of the NYDFS and other regulatory organizations... canvassing, reaching out to the public to try to sway public opinion, reaching out to the media, designing technical infrastructure, etc., all so ideas that dissent from the current system can have a platform.  You'd be wise not to make assumptions about who I am, my politics, or my position on whatever "horrific acts" you are mentioning.
All I am arguing for is reasonable discourse.  Even if you disagree, even if you feel oppressed and marginalized, even if you feel your only recourse is anger and violence.  I simply think it has historically shown to be much more powerful in effecting change than blind anger and name calling.  Look at the any social change in the last three hundred years and you will find that the lasting positions and moral arguments that survive the test of time are those which are reasoned, patient, eloquent, and which understand their enemies as they dissent rather than blindly vilifying them.


These regulations only apply to those in New York State.  I'm willing to bet that the majority in NYS are in favor of these or at least some similar regulations.  If you don't want to be subject to them, just keep doing whatever it is you're doing right now... use exchanges operating out of Eastern Europe and wallet services which don't care about confirming identities or providing state-backed auditing or insurance.  If you have a legitimate complaint about the regulations, or don't believe they should exist at all, patiently and eloquently explain your argument to Mr. Lawsky and get pinned to the top of this comment thread. I promise you that following this path will be more productive by any measure than getting frustrated or angry at the "goons" providing financial regulation that, although not perfect, most people want to exist in some form.
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:12:35
Nothing is truly trustless because if you can only trust yourself there is no point of having any security against anyone, because any interaction you have with them will be inherently compromised and insecure.
That being said, you are wrong in terms of common crypto parlance.  Bitcoin does fit the definition of a trustless system (as it eliminates the need for trusted third parties, a phenomenon mentioned repeatedly in the whitepaper), given that the assumptions about the majority of the network being honest or honest-but-curious hold.  So it is considered a trustless system, even by the [OECD](
So tl;dr it is trustless, but there are heavy computational and economic assumptions involved that are nonobvious.
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:38:49
Absolutely no rush, I'm about to head out to work too (running late in fact).  I would love to get to the root of this issue and maybe bring the hacker to justice.  If you'd like we can set up a text-based chat and I can guide you through all the details of the phone that would be useful to law enforcement and take a full image of all software and data currently on the phone, so we can compile and send them to the relevant authorities.  It's often hard to find justice in this kind of thing, especially with criminals abroad, but at the very least finding the underlying flaw will help fix it in future versions of Android and for future possible victims.   Sorry for your loss, if you still want to use Bitcoin after this we can also talk bulletproof solutions for storage.
@_date: 2014-07-21 22:00:29
I did consider this, but in my situation I am OK with having two people who can autonomously spend all the money.
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:14:41
AES encrypt a BIP32 mnemonic with a long passphrase, to Google Drive + Dropbox + e-mail + any other cloud service you prefer.  Share file with a trusted loved one, have them store password separately from account.  Save the xPubKey for loading purposes.
If you don't trust anyone get a 2-of-3 with a trusted friend/family, give the third key to a lawyer with instructions to reveal private key to you if instructed or to the trusted second party if you are deceased.
Not exactly what you meant when you said cloud storage but it's what I'd do instead of Coinbase or Circle.
@_date: 2012-07-30 01:58:10
Who's pirate?
@_date: 2015-04-30 19:34:44
Yeah, I'm glad they're implementing [one of the main features I missed when using Circle](




I thought it would be PayPal, but it looks like Circle are eating their lunch.  Would be quite interesting if a payment war started between the two...
@_date: 2011-08-03 19:39:37
I myself stopped speculating BTC months ago, and my confidence is just fine.  I have ~10BTC that I'm holding, because I make physical purchases with BTC fairly often.  Sure, I lost around $50, but that's a nice dinner here in New York and I won't fret over it.
Anecdotal evidence, but I'm sure a lot of the BTC consumers actually using BTC are less phased than those speculating.  In the long run, that might be a good thing.
@_date: 2011-07-06 14:59:43
God damn.  I'm an Android developer, and if I knew about that bounty I know what I would have been doing the last two weeks.
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:44:08
No unfortunately they don't (though I would love to see those), but I've talked to many people who regularly do arbitrage and the consensus seems to be that the low-ish limits and the fact that ACH ties up your capital for 3-4 days going fiat &lt;&gt; Circle (especially in the Bitcoin market, where 3-4 days of market volatility can mean 3-4 days of lost profits) makes arbitrage unattractive unless the price difference is very large.
So yeah, you can buy $100k of $350 Bitcoins on Circle when the market price is $352, but if you have to wait 4 business days to get your coins and the market is at $348 now, what have you accomplished?  Same deal with buying from another service and selling on Circle.  While a higher sell price might make Circle a more attractive off-ramp, the several day waiting period for a small differential with a low limit is not necessarily hugely attractive for those with enough capital to make it profitable.
@_date: 2015-03-28 19:24:03
The existence of trusted authorities is also a massive security flaw inherent in the TLS protocol.
The same goes for DNS and the root servers / hierarchy of trust.
@_date: 2015-03-12 14:01:19
I have a team working on something like this- DApp for leaking documents publicly. BitMessage for indexing, FreeNet for document storage, Bitcoin for timestamping. Give it six months max.
Let's replace Wikileaks and co with a protocol.
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:51:57


Not sure what the market price of a Bitcoin has to do with the price of a Bitcoin service.  Otherwise I agree with you, data is likely to be a part of their business model.  In that case Circle is no different from the legacy financial system (Visa, Mastercard, banks, etc.)
@_date: 2013-05-25 15:37:45
So how do you suppose your extra 20% salary is going to make you much happier than you are now without roads, public schools, libraries, regulations on business and advertising, licensing for doctors, law enforcement, specialized crime investigation, food regulations, controls on the medical industry, funding for new scientific and technological research, medical subsidies, welfare for the low-income and unemployed etc. etc. etc.
All funded by your and my tax dollars.  "Opting out" of taxes to me is completely immoral if you use any of these government services without paying your fair share.  That seems to me to be the textbook definition of stealing.
Of course, if you think the entirety of our government is evil and corrupt (a viewpoint which I do not share as many government entities provide services which attempt to minimize externalities and allocative inefficiencies inherent in the free market), you have a feedback mechanism and it's called a vote.
Opting out of the duties that we've assigned to each citizen together and as a society can't really be construed as anything but selfish in my mind.  That's like saying that you don't like the way the DMV allocates funds so you take the "high road" and drive without a license.  It's simply not a consistent argument based on any moral standard that I've heard.
@_date: 2013-05-25 22:59:37
No, I mean to the endpoints of each house.  Everyone needs to be able to leave their house, and making more than one "last-mile" road is pure inefficiency.
@_date: 2013-05-25 19:44:13
Property rights are not the right way to deal with unethical corporate behavior.  What if my hypothetical waste is dumped twenty miles away, into a stream on its owners property?  What if it's then eaten by fish which I consume, leading to my development of cancer?  How can I possibly assign liability?
Also, I don't think the faster pace of information dissemination has made our consumers any more informed.  I would argue that I spend the majority of my time watching my peers make ill-informed impulse buys and spending money based on desires which are often fiction invented by advertisement and marketing.  


See, I don't make that assumption.  In terms of something like medicine, for example, I would not consider myself an educated consumer.  In some cases, the products are too new and the information available online is misleading or blatantly incorrect.  How am I expected to make a rational choice?  I rely on government regulation to assume my water is safe when I turn my tap, and to assume my food is manufactured at facilities with hygiene standards.  Otherwise, I would not feel like an informed consumer in these markets either.
Elaborate on Walmart?  Sure.  Walmart (like most other modern large corporations) relies heavily on foreign manufacturing in areas with few or no environmental or wage controls, impoverishing regions with the illusion of future prosperity while polluting their environment.  We've been constantly shifting the countries we manufacture in every few decades.  As soon as one gets too prosperous and decides to put in environmental + business regulations which other countries are willing to forego, companies like Walmart exit, leaving behind massive negative externalities thousands of miles away from any of their customers, who don't care and shop there due to low pricing anyway (myself included).
@_date: 2013-05-25 19:11:45
Don't have time to read the full thing, but I skimmed it.  I'm well aware that there are opposing viewpoints, what I don't buy is the idea that continuous competition is sufficient to curtail natural monopolies, which I do believe exist.
What about cases where a firm is behaving unethically?  This could possibly provide it a competitive advantage which allows it to maintain monopoly over a certain industry (eg - a chain of nuclear power plants that skimp on waste disposal).  
In this case, the free market places the onus on the informed consumer to be willing to possibly pay extra for the same good produced ethically, and to even realize that there is an issue in the first place (which is difficult as the firm's incentive is to avoid the discovery of these practices for continued financial advantages).  I don't think the educated consumer is a sufficient regulatory force for free market entities because historical examples (early 1900's America, Walmart today, etc etc) prove to me over and over again that people do not care about issues that do not directly impact their daily lives.
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:29:18
That's fine, but what does this have to do with taxes?  If you want to try and change certain aspects of your government peacefully that's well within your rights, but disagreeing with the actions of certain parts of a government is not an excuse not to pay taxes when you are reaping the benefits of a system these taxes provide for.
@_date: 2013-05-25 19:05:46
You want to maintain peace (your words).  Peace is defined as:


Hence my use of the term violence.
Just trying to clarify what you mean when you say theft is breaking peace but not paying taxes is not breaking peace.
EDIT - Just realized you are not OP.  Same sentiment applies.
@_date: 2013-05-25 17:05:02
Conflict of interest with what?  Are you arguing that the state is bribing me to support it?  I'm actually *losing* money by being involved in this transaction with the government, so please do elaborate on the "conflict of interest" angle.


I disagree that this system is superior.  Are you claiming that the free market is overall more allocatively efficient than a mixed system?
You're really keen to spit platitudes, but I'm looking for an actual **claim** that you're making rather than some rantings against the state.  I'm not invoking any fallacies because we haven't even started a productive discussion yet.  If you're unwilling to discuss your views past "fuck the state, I should be able to do what I want and pay what I want", why waste everyone's time by posting?
@_date: 2013-11-07 01:05:17
This to me is an argument for closing loopholes and continuously evaluating our existing metrics in order to eliminate the impact of transactions that seek to reduce tax burdens.  Step one is getting regulators who are less in the pockets of these same individuals.  Half the problem is the "obedient plebs" as you put it... currently they fetishize wealth and are trained to look at those poorer than them with disdain, which open them up more than anything else to exploitation in my opinion.
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:51:20
In terms of getting hacked it all comes down to whether you [believe their advertised features](  Personally I don't see why you wouldn't.
In terms of bankruptcy are you saying that you think that if Coinbase went bankrupt, customer BTC balances would be sold off as assets to repay creditors?  I'm really not sure how that would go down legally, but it would have to be an overnight type of bankruptcy to prevent people from withdrawing coins, and I just don't think that's a likely scenario. 
Either way, what do you recommend to the average Joe?  A bank vault for cold storage?  Physical memory with a wallet on it in their safe? A brain wallet?  Handing out two halves of the key to friends who don't know each other?
I think most people are comfortable going with Coinbase because they have paperwork to be a BTC broker in the US, and for American based users represent the most legitimate, regulated, and transparent (if you trust their press releases) entity to hold BTC in.  Most people simply don't have the capacity to manually manage their money themselves and I trust Coinbase more than I trust them with it.
@_date: 2013-11-07 00:44:10
Are you saying the fact that we cannot somehow ideally tax justifies choosing a type of taxation proven to be regressive over a type of taxation proven not to be?  When this can be backed up with a large mass of consistent and consenting data?
@_date: 2013-05-25 19:48:22


Can you please provide any justification for this?  Are you categorically saying that all taxes and forms of tax are theft?  If so, are you claiming that all your income is exclusively your property?
Are you thus absolving yourself of the social debts incurred to the framework in which that money was earned?  Help me understand.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:07:22
And what I'm trying to say is that it means nothing.  He might have made it cheaper for himself to be found, but don't be fooled into thinking that you (or anybody) can make it impossible.  It is simply a question of how expensive you make it versus how much your adversaries are willing to spend.  With the US government and something like Silk Road, the math is obvious.
This is what I always see when these types of outings (of users who attempt to practice anonymity through cryptography) are publicized by supporters of these technologies.  "Oh, they fell victim to [x] bug, that has since been fixed."  "Oh, they configured [x] wrong, the default has been fixed."  "Oh, they used [service x] to do [action y] when instead they should have [action z]."  To me it smacks of a bunch of worried users trying to separate their "correct" use of the technologies from those of the "careless" while assuring themselves that their anonymity is somehow secure.
He got stung because he played a losing game, and this is an outcome you will see repeatedly with those who rely on technology for protection from human factors.
@_date: 2013-05-25 16:13:52
What?  Yeah, I do have a **state-funded** education.  At a state university.
And I work doing federally funded research.  My alternative?  Working on the "Like" button at Facebook making four times as much money for the same number of hours.  What I do is funded by taxes, and for the pittance that's put into our programs I think much more value is added to society as a whole than would be had that amount been allocated to an entity governed exclusively by the free market.
I'd love to have a rational discussion with someone about this viewpoint, because that's what this thread is about.  If you want to lay out any specific claims you're making (one of them seems to be that we should be able to opt out of paying for certain expenditures, such as foreign wars), we can try to find some commonality between our values and ideals and proceed with a meaningful discussion from there.
If you're here to spit half-truths and reply lol when you get asked to back them up, I will move along and have myself a nice day.
@_date: 2013-11-30 15:52:32
@_date: 2013-05-25 21:44:09
[Are you a United States citizen?](  Congrats.  Your elected representatives have decided that you have a *duty* to pay taxes!  If you don't like it, vote 'em out.  Complain about specific taxation policies.  Renounce your citizenship, and failing any other immigration agreement in which you agree to pay taxes, lose access to many government services!
Sitting there reaping government benefits and claiming that taxes are stealing is unacceptable to mainstream society as a whole.  I do believe that taxes fund socially valuable services lost to a free-market dominated society (controversial, neutral scientific research, welfare and unemployment benefits, law enforcement, etc.).  I do believe everyone on the subreddit is enjoying the results of billions of dollars of government standards enforcement and research, and the continuing net neutrality regulations everyone on reddit ironically loves.  I do not believe the market nor its entities are my friends, and I do believe that profit as a main incentive with no regulation will lead to vile and exploitative behavior by a minority of citizens.  And I enjoy the protection from that, so I pay my taxes.  It's stealing not to.
@_date: 2013-10-02 20:07:18
Satoshi is just a nerd to the feds, not a major target like DPR...
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:27:46
Yeah, he was an idiot.  But he would have been caught eventually, and you'd still be out your money. My main point is that his fuck up was not using the same forum account to make an SR post, as this site suggests, but was going to Gawker and Forbes and all of these other media sources and issuing a challenge to the US government with very anti-establishment sentiments thinly wrapped in ideology.
I would never put my money on something like SR, even if I had a use to.  A site like that should be run as a business and this man was running it as a religion.  The cult of personality that he built up also runs counter to literally every precaution that should have been taken to minimize leads for an investigation.  These things alone should make it clear that the service is not to be trusted.
I think where a lot of people went wrong is drawing false trust in the service from the technologies it was being delivered over, namely Bitcoin and Tor.  People *assumed* they were secure (and I saw this over and over again in r/Silkroad, where I brought these same points up over a year ago and got **slammed** with downmods).  Throw a little math and a little cryptography in front of your average net user and they feel like James Bond, and while it is true that these are very advanced and well-tested tools you simply cannot use a tool to make assumptions about security.
Good security comes from one place: people.  It comes from strong policies, regular reviews, organizational discipline, individual experience, and control mechanisms designed to minimize the impact of any loss in security.  It has been blatantly obvious since the beginning that SR did not have the organizational prowess to be considered even remotely secure, regardless of the strength of their crypto...  Hell my interest in these things is purely academic, and when I first heard about the SR (some time in '11) I checked out their login page for vulnerabilities and found one that dumped the version of the PHP framework they had created the site with.  I'll let you security buffs process that sentence.
@_date: 2013-05-25 17:45:51
Well, I support Bitcoin adoption because I support anonymity in pretty much everything.  I think the state can raise revenue regardless of the dominant currency, and realistically I do not believe Bitcoin will ever replace fiat.
Pretty much the only tax I see that would be severely impacted by BTC is income (and capital gains).  Property, corporate, and sales tax would likely be able to be collected fairly easily considering disclosure of sales and profits will always be required for businesses for both regulatory and private-sector investment purposes.
Either way, I still believe that we need a force to counteract inefficiencies in the free market, and historically I see increased free-market regulation and public sector services having a positive impact when applied sensibly.  I simply don't trust corporations and free-market entities to honestly represent themselves, nor do I trust the rationality of the general public to make informed choices in every case.
Your point seems to be that paying taxes disrespects the autonomy and rationality of individuals in controlling their own funds.  I simply don't believe that a free market whose incentives are solely financial can provide fair or optimal services to our population.  I think a good counterbalance to this is taxes, where everyone kicks back a small percentage of their money to pay for support services which are used equally by all.  Whether you're rich or poor, you enjoy the clean air and water provided by the EPA, one striking example of an area where getting rid of government resources would lead to negative changes in the lives of many.  Another example is controversial scientific research.  If all research were privately funded, the free market and its profit-driven forces will fund and inherently bias the overall research in a field to favor approaches maximizing profit.  An example is the medical industry today, where private funding creates studies about drug efficacy and safety which often wrongly open the door to billions in profits for pharmaceutical companies.
I definitely agree with you in that I'm disturbed by many of the actions of our current government.  I just don't think getting rid of taxes will help solve anything, and I think it will get rid of a good number of services that are very valuable to us all.
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:17:27
LOL.  I think you spend too much time on reddit.
@_date: 2013-05-25 22:50:08


If they are informed consumers making rational decisions.  If they are, however, uninformed or irrational (as the majority of people willfully remain), the power lies in the seller.


If they themselves knew and weren't hoping to do the same thing themselves.  Often, they will keep it quiet to avoid drawing negative attention to the industry. Eg - meat safety concerns are downplayed by the food industry as they affect a significant portion of the industry's products. Don't see why it wouldn't continue that way.


Exactly my point.  If the laws against that didn't exist, we would have issues.
@_date: 2013-10-02 17:59:43
Fucking no.  Yes he was sloppy but he would have been caught eventually either way.  The government has more resources than you.  Perfect security is a **myth**.  Any cryptographic precautions you take are only intended to make attacks more difficult, not impossible.  There will always be an attack vector so if you are doing something like this, you better be in a position where you can assume that an adversary knows who you are and has access to all computers you make use of.  Even then you can only take your chances, taking no solace in the fact that people will blame your carelessness for your demise.
I assert that it's humanly impossible to undertake a venture like this without leaving some sort of trail, in paper or in loose end assets.  And when your enemies are significantly more powerful than you and express interest in expending resources to uncover your identity, they will do so.
It is silly to openly flaunt federal law using Bitcoin, Tor, or any other anonymization technologies.  If you think there are no attack vectors for these technologies, you will eventually be proven wrong.  Moral of the story?  Don't break the law, and if you do, stay under the radar.  If you're going up against the US federal government and they do not end up winning, it will be because they didn't care enough to, not because they can't.
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:14:27
Who cares?  Coinbase losing your coins would amount to theft/fraud under US federal law, and you could sue the living daylights out of them for the USD value of the coins.  For the casual buy and hold investor I think storing in Coinbase is perfect.  No matter how badly you screw up you can always prove your identity and get your coins.  Obviously this isn't for Bitcoin enthusiasts, but if my mom wanted to invest in BTC I'd recommend that she use Coinbase for storage.
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:06:19
*sigh*.  Another armchair internet anarchist too stupid to realize that his insignificant middle class white arse would be toast the second anything like a free for all society came to pass.  I'm so sick of the   taxation = theft argument that gets parroted so mindlessly in this sub and backed up by a few rants against the effectiveness of "the State".  Seems like defiance just for defiance's sake, as I know of no reasonable thinking man in the world today who thinks that abolishing "the State" is a solution to anything.
Edit: Also, the stuff you say about technology structuring society is [immensely reductionist]( and has been widely refuted in the past.  I'm sure you knew that already though....
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:36:08


What about economies of scale?  It's simply cheaper for a monopoly to produce in some cases, especially in industries with a prohibitive cost of entry.  Should governments break up coercive monopolies?  Are you arguing that it is impossible for entrenched monopolies to appear without some sort of regulation on the free market?
@_date: 2013-03-26 18:05:51
The idea that the SR is secure is laughable to me.  If this guy doesn't get caught it speaks volumes to the technical incompetence of even federal or international law enforcement.
See my comments about similar issues here: 
@_date: 2013-11-07 00:05:06
Yes there is definitely a debate as to why people will not voluntarily contribute, as they will continue to reap the benefits provided to **society as a whole** regardless of their individual contributions, disincentivizing them from contributing.  To wit, the EPA will ensure the cleanliness of my water supply regardless of how accurately I declare my income to the IRS.
Also, "reaping the benefits" is neither debatable nor subjective.  Are you browsing the [Internet]( right now?  Do you use [Tor](  I just chose those examples to be close to your heart... I bet I could list at least two dozen government services you use on a daily basis and would find invaluable only upon losing them.  
So while the idea of a "voluntary state" is cute in principal, I see no argument for why a rational member of modern society in the world that we all share should consider taxation as theft.  
@_date: 2013-05-25 23:29:00
Sue in a court run by the government you say?  Using governmental laws?  I thought that defeats the entire purpose of abolishing the state...
Also, s/logical/informed and rational.  Rational does not necessarily imply informed, which is my main concern considering advertising and marketing are frequent sources of misleading information and the main tool for the dissemination of these by free market entities.
@_date: 2013-05-25 22:26:56
Maybe (though I don't agree that MS's tactics had much to do with patents or lobbying, just savvy business).  However, I'm going to need a stronger argument than "the system is imperfect so we should not have one at all". There are more positive than negative government actions for most democratic countries.
@_date: 2013-05-25 17:00:30
I'm unsure whether you're confusing burglary and theft.  If Chase Bank steals $100 from me by shifting a few bits in their computer, does that fall under your definition of aggression?
If so, why should you be able to use government services and not pay for them?  Wouldn't opting out of taxes also require an individual to opt out of the services these taxes are paying for to not be considered theft? 
@_date: 2013-03-26 23:39:29
Glad you've actually read it.  I've seen the fuckups and have common sense, hence the comment.  
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:30:20
Right, if they have no coins obviously you will get nothing sans insurance.  I'm talking about a scenario where they still have the coins at bankruptcy.  I don't think they will liquidate those coins to pay creditors.
It is possible that they will lose the coins (I called it "hacking" in my original reply... an inside job is also possible), but I think the probability of this company in particular doing so is lower than the probability of it happening to an average American entrusted with any forms of the wallet I listed above.
Obviously this doesn't hold for Bitcoin enthusiasts, but if we want Bitcoin to take off we need a few mainstream and centralized solutions that people would trust so much they'd be willing to buy groceries with it.  And if you feel safer with money in cold storage Bitcoin makes it an easy option.
@_date: 2013-05-25 16:28:24
So you are saying we should not jail people for theft, as it is non-violent and doing so would be an initiation of force?  Just trying to clarify this viewpoint.
@_date: 2013-03-26 21:01:27
No, but rather because I do.
@_date: 2013-05-25 21:36:13
I did, in another part of this thread (check my history one or two back).  The unethical nuclear power company.  I guess it's not coercive by the definition, but it's not offering goods at the highest quality.
@_date: 2013-05-25 21:48:43
No, I think Apple exists only because Microsoft bailed them out due to these cases and regulations.  Without that market counter-force kicking Windows' butt in the early to mid 2000's, I don't think we would have seen any innovation and progress from Microsoft's OS.  Also I think Microsoft is the perfect example of what used to be an extremely immoral company put into shape by regulations.  Remember the Microsoft of the early 90's, which would buy every promising tech company simply to close its doors and be rid of its competition?  Those cases were big news to Microsoft's acquisition strategy and I think the tech space did better for it. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 00:31:50
I totally disagree with you because sales taxes are regressive rate whereas income taxes, property taxes, etc can be proportional or progressive.  Doing something like increasing tax revenue by 10% would then force the bottom income quartile to debate whether or not they can have their next meal, while increasing revenue by 10% on a progressive tax would force the top income quartile to debate whether or not they can have their next private jet.
It's my opinion that no human being can possibly be worth a million times more than any other, and yet the existence of this disparity in our society is advanced far more by something like a sales tax than something like an income tax.
@_date: 2013-05-25 23:01:51
I'm asking questions to clarify his personal philosophy, not presenting an argument.  This thread is a discussion of the personal philosophies of BTC users.
Man I wish these reddit armchair philosophers would learn what a logical fallacy actually is and when it is applicable.  I can't tell you the amount of times I reference somebody's character and get blind "argument ad hominem!!!" thrown at me.
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:36:28
See my questions to the guy above:
What about economies of scale?  It's simply cheaper for a monopoly to produce in some cases, especially in industries with a prohibitive cost of entry.  Should governments break up coercive monopolies?  Are you arguing that it is impossible for entrenched monopolies to appear without some sort of regulation on the free market?
@_date: 2013-11-07 01:35:51
I have met many people on welfare, and I have yet to meet any who are strongly disincentivized to work simply because they receive benefits *unless* the only jobs they can find pay them less than the government benefits.  This is indeed a problem, but since I have seen government assistance at work first hand I believe it provides a barely livable and not necessarily desirable standard of living and any reasonable exit from these set of circumstances would be welcomed to many on it.
I think people truly want to feel empowered and productive and I doubt many would say no to earning their own living in exchange for a pithy government check.  While I have certainly heard of individuals doing so, I'm not sure why we wouldn't address this problem with education... this would both give our society intellectual capital and incentivize productivity (the most productive people in my definition are those who feel empowered by their circumstances to actively effect positive change around them, the act of which I believe is a fundamental human desire).
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:08:06
But aren't some services inherently monopolies?  For example, roads.  In my tightly packed residential area, how are we going to have more than one road per house?  That means that someone has a monopoly over that road.  I'd rather have that entity be the government than a private, profit-seeking corporation.
Of course that's oversimplifying it in some cases, but in the more complex cases the argument is that profit incentives to provide some services (eg - broadband to rural areas) simply don't exist without intervening in the free-market.  Then there's the argument in crowded places (such as where I live) that allowing a pure free-market utilities or power market would simply require too much copper to the extent where it would pose an eyesore and fire hazard.
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:09:57
So the government should not have the right to enforce monopolies?  Is this because, as you are claiming, monopolies are themselves unethical due to the removal of choice from their participants?
If so, should the government be involved in regulating monopolies and preventing monopolies that arise as a natural consequence of the free market?
@_date: 2013-10-02 22:29:20
I'm saying don't fall back on cryptographic tools to save you from the consequences because if you are annoying enough to those in power they will find a way to make them useless.
E: phone typo
@_date: 2013-11-22 22:05:05
You are an idiot.
@_date: 2013-11-07 01:14:09
Disagree... if they lay off or shed capital to the point of being ineffective somebody else who is willing to bear the expense of that capital will outcompete them.
Do you think we'd have no Bill Gates if he only ended up making $30 billion instead of $60?  Or nobody who would do Warren Buffet's job for only $35 million a year instead of 60+?  Hell I think Warren himself would do it at that price.  And trust me the types of people who are going to accumulate enough money to become ultra rich are already stingy enough to be running on a bare minimum of capital, enough only to sustain their short-term and personal goals.