@_author: alloxxio
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:56:14
Jahoe is secretly Satoshi. He is the great keeper and watcher over the Blockchain and bad security implementations.
Seriously, this guy is one of a kind.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:58:21
Yeah, looks like his math failed.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:24:26
Sounds more like a suggestion to me...
Why not actually go ahead and find one, presumably one that we all would agree is fair and just. Once the "free CPA" becomes a real person, then maybe that might warrant a response.
In all honesty, this attack against Jason King is quite questionable. I've never really seen anyone question Sean's Outpost until you came along. The type of investigative journalism you are trying to accomplish here needs to be backed up with action rather than words. If you feel so strongly about this issue then why haven't you went to Florida or Satoshi Forest yourself?
I don't honestly believe anything good can come of this. No matter how you "structure" this system, charity, or whatever you want to call it, it all depends on if you trust the ones in charge or you don't. The more Jason has been supplying you with just leads to more questions you have. You have questions and he provides answers, yet then you declare his answers aren't good enough and they don't have valid proof. You never included with your questions the guidelines and proof he needs to deliver with his answers. 
I hope you realize that these articles are ultimately going to hurt the homeless in the end, the ones in which we are supposed to be supporting. You are placing Jason on the defensive just because you have a louder microphone and clearly more free time on your hands. You are distracting from the sole purpose of the charity, saving lives and feeding the homeless. If you were truly interested in the homeless and if they are being fed then I do believe you would take up Jason's offering and go out to Florida. 
Also, how much have you donated to Sean's Outpost? Have you ever even donated?
Do you think you could do a better job? 
What are your real interests here? 
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:31:34
He's clearly jealous of Jason, it's rather simple. I'm not sure why he is, but he is. 
If he was a real journalist then he wouldn't be trying to have a nerd rage war with words on the internet. He would get his facts straight and go survey the site and ask the damn homeless himself. No one could better tell this story and side of things than the homeless could. Ben probably doesn't even know a single name of any person Jason has ever fed, nor has he ever cared to ask.
This guy just likes attention and for some reason he's jealous of Jason King. If you think you can do a better job Ben, please do. I'm sure Jason would help you, rather than try and kick you like you are trying.
@_date: 2014-12-08 12:27:17
Why would they care? They don't make any money off of you anyways. If anything, they'll save from less bandwidth usage.
The reason we hear all these bad things or people being "hacked" is because Blockchain.info is so popular. They have over 2.6 Million Wallet users. They offer a tool in which some people are incompetent to use correctly. 
People cut their fingers off with jigsaws and shit all the time. Do you ever hear about people blaming the manufacturer of the jigsaw? No. If you fuck up using a jigsaw you can lose some fingers. If you fuck up with your security using Bitcoin or are careless, you can lose your bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:28:21
I bet your petty ass never even gave a dollar.
You're tired of someone trying to do good? What the fuck have you done?
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:36:28
God damn, someone give this man an up vote.
If ethers were gonna be so damn valuable then why the fuck would they sell them!
Who the hell gives away free money?! No one! 
Haven't people fucking learned? BFL mines with your equipment then sends it to you when it isn't valuable.. KNC... CoinTerra.. 
This is the same bullshit concept yet they switched it around. What's so funny is that it's always the same people fucking the sheeple. No one is going to give you a fucking handout or an easy out people, it's that fucking simple.
@_date: 2014-11-16 02:37:36
cool story bro.
@_date: 2014-11-21 05:14:41
The way Ben has framed his argument has immediately put Jason on the defensive. Jason has been more than cooperative with this kangaroo court. The more he answers it just seems like the more people are demanding. It just really all comes down to the fact do you trust the guy or not? If you don't, then don't donate, if you do, then donate away.
I personally don't see anyone here that **HAS** donated to his shelter complaining. It's just a bunch of speculators who *thought* about donating. 
I mean this is just a really cut and dry scenario here. It just seems like this is a damn lynch mob out in Bitcoin land nowadays. He is either feeding the homeless people or he isn't. It's really simple to prove.
All this other shit about insurance and government filings is bullshit. If you are a believer in Bitcoin then you should understand that. Jason doesn't give a shit about the insurance or his status with the government, he wants to give back and feed homeless people, why should he have to go through so much trouble? You either support this guy or you don't. 
This guy has never claimed to be some big corporation, or some Bitcoin guru, or anything of that nature. He's not living in a damn lap of luxury either from the looks of it. He really doesn't give a shit about providing receipts, details, yada yada, all he cares about is his mission to feed the homeless. The more he feeds you trolls the hungrier you get.
What does this guy owe anyone? Not shit. He's asked for money a couple times, to feed the homeless... he fed the homeless and is still feeding them. He's admitted many shortcomings and never even denied it. He's far from perfect. You guys are like the fucking mob that hung Jesus Christ. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 21:10:16
Proof of Burn doesn't necessarily favor early adopters. Anyone can buy Bitcoins and burn them, it's just whatever they're willing to burn to prove their identity has good intentions.
I don't believe any transaction using Bitcoin should ever be conducted without a multi-sig escrow. There is just simply no reason not to use escrow. Escrow eliminates nearly 99% of scams and frauds and deters most evil doers from the beginning. Although escrow still cannot combat or prevent charge back fraud, which is a whole problem of itself in the financial sector.
The people with large stashes of Bitcoin are not in any advantage here, it would be the same concept for people with large stashes of cash. It's just whatever they're willing to burn on their identity.
The main benefit to proof of burn is almost to act as an extra filter. I would much rather commence conversations or dealings with a person who has "burned" in their identity. They have spent money in order to establish their identity and reputation, which money they are unable to retrieve back. It's in their best interest to handle their reputation accordingly or otherwise it will become worthless.
A Person who has commenced a "proof-of-burn" on their identity has more to lose if their reputation is hurt rather than a person who hasn't "burned" in their identity. That is pretty much the bottom line to my idea and argument, and I see it as a great useful tool.
Sites such as Keybase and OneName.io could easily implement this feature and could show through the blockchain which identities have committed to "burning".
The fact of the matter is, there are a lot of bullshitters out here in the world of Bitcoin. Everyone with a WordPress website is a CEO and their best friend is lead Developer. If someone is serious about Bitcoin or their identity/reputation, let them put some money on it. I'm tired of dealing with kids and wannabe businessmen.
@_date: 2014-11-12 22:05:53
This isn't a mandatory means of identity and reputation. It's just something else another user can look at, much like reviews and trust ratings.
I'm more willing to trust someone that has invested in their reputation rather than someone who hasn't.
There is fraud and con men everywhere, there is no denying it. This is just another tool that will help indicate someone's intentions and it's by no means 100% effective or even 50%. If someone is going to do bad it just will cost them a little bit more.
A legitimate business doesn't have to outbid a fraudulent business, plus when the fraudulent business goes under, so does their money they burned.
You're not buying a reputation, you are merely showing that you are trustworthy and have good intentions. If someone burns $100, then I feel as if I can trust them with a $5 or $10. Someone that doesn't burn $100, I'm not as likely to trust.
@_date: 2014-11-11 20:46:21
The idea is that it is another tool to establish someone's intent. I'm not going to burn 10 BTC ($3,500) on an identity just to try and scam someone out of $300. It wouldn't be profitable.
Identitie's will start to cost money rather than just creating them out of thin air, scamming, rinsing, repeating.
Also my friend, 10 Bitcoin is $3,500, not exactly low. I can understand companies or high volume traders "burning" that amount or higher, but not individuals. 
I also still advise on using escrow transactions (such as multisig 2-of-3). The proof of burn is to help put a "rating" or give you another indicator towards a persons identity and intent.
If someone burned thousands of dollars on their identity, then they are obviously ready to conduct serious business and want people to know that.
@_date: 2014-11-12 15:44:00
You're exactly right. In no way does this method help mitigate evil do'ers with deep pockets, but that's how corrupt states, governments, and corporations have always done business.
This method just costs them a little bit more for them to earn some trust.
If someone has burned $10,000 dollars, then I would feel pretty comfortable in dealing with them in amounts under that.
I'm not saying that this idea is a golden solution, I just believe that it is a good filter to at least allow us to see who is serious about business.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:26:20
He would rather help him find a CPA then help him feed the homeless.
Who is this guy anyway? Ben who?
@_date: 2014-12-08 12:59:52
everybody hate it, because you can take yo money out the damn bank. fuck western union, fuck moneygram, fuck all that shit. they can just scan yo damn phone and send that shit. this shit amazing, it only gonna get better.