@_author: alloways
@_date: 2013-06-03 04:58:46
Wrong. Game devs make on the order of 50k-100k/year salaries. The recent Star Wars MMO had a budget of over $100 million. That's the magnitude of money we're talking about for a project with as much ill-placed "vision" from an "ideas guy" as this one. A 30 person team would cost on the order of 1 to 3 million dollars a year. Building an MMO using an adapted simple multiplayer engine on multiple platforms would require a team much larger than that for a much longer time period than a single year.
As someone whose last class project involved creating an MMO in C++, even disregarding all the impossibilities in the design, I will say there is a very good reason MMOs run on their own engines specifically designed for MMOs. In a naive multiplayer implementation, doubling players requires at least quadrupling packets sent. For an MMO with a thousand times the number of players UDK is designed for, you're talking a million times the packets and such. Which is why a good MMO implementation chunks things both to multiple servers and to virtual 'regions' within the MMO where only certain people receive packets about you. It's also why you could crash a WoW server by putting a mere 1000 people in the same place. And that's simply 1 limitation to scaling up.
In short, this: 
@_date: 2013-06-03 05:59:37
The only one not getting it are circle-jerking redditors. The fact of the matter is this: By accepting a currency or other means of exchange, a business takes a risk and a bet on that currency. The bet being that when they need to use the currency, it will still hold value. 
This is less important for places like a small retail shop. They paid for their items before selling them, and so while that value decreasing a bit will hurt them, it merely means they may be able to buy less inventory later on. The trick with places like GoG is that they pay for the product afterwards, but agree on a price before. 
Let's say we have a $20 game. Of that, let's say the developer gets $15. Discounting any servers, marketing, or other services GoG provides, that's $15 in costs they need to pay to the developer. This developer likely wants USD, or whatever their local currency happens to be, and so that is what they will be paid in. These payments likely don't happen immediately, but in a bulk payment at the end of a month or thereabouts. 
Enter bitcoin. So you make a payment of bitcoin worth the equivalent of the $20 price to buy a game. I'm not entirely sure how the internals of the operation go, but one of two things would happen, likely in the same manner as they handle foreign currencies: A: they immediately convert from bitcoin to USD (or whatever currency they use for their internal banking), or B: they accumulate the bitcoin in an account until such a time as they do a mass-conversion for distribution to developers they owe money to.
In the case of A, you've got enormous bookkeeping, suggesting B is more likely to occur. Looking at other currencies, exchange rates fluctuate under 1% per day. If there are losses there, they can easily be recouped. Bitcoin, on the other hand, does not have a track record of either stability or liquidity. Even assuming they used up-to-date info for the price, imagine what would have happened to them during the crash a few months ago. All major markets swamped, with large scale trading nearly impossible. And beyond that, prices falling rapidly. They would be left holding losses of 50% during that time period, requiring diversion of $5 of profit per $20 game purchased.
The case of B is even worse; and of the two is the most likely way they are running things. In such a case it wouldn't simply be a couple day's profit, but rather the entire preceding month.
It isn't that they don't get it, it's that they recognize that bitcoin in its current state is a risk to their business, and those that use bitcoin currently have nearly universal access to accepted currencies. Their business model is very sensitive to the sorts of risks bitcoin represents, and as such really shouldn't consider accepting it for the time being. 
I will also note that at one time Microsoft stock would have been considered risky. I'm not saying investing in it at that point was a foolish idea; simply that one should not invest what one cannot afford to lose.