@_author: allseeingike
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:12:06
In this scenerio btc would be aol or myspace. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:09:22
No one can reallyknow for sure but i dont see lasting forever when so many other cryptos are better. Btc is just the most well known and the oldest
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:08:29
Well lower transaction fees (or none) and faster transaction times is already a plus and also tgey are all cheaper than btc. Btc isnt even good to stay anonymous anymore,  so yes better
@_date: 2017-12-01 07:13:28
What if you sell and dont make a profit? Say you buy 1 for 10k and price drops and you sell for 10k or less (so no profit or a loss) do you still have to pay taxes on that? 
@_date: 2017-12-01 07:01:25
Id too like to know this
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:24:33
And i dont approve of those laws but i dont see him as a hero
@_date: 2015-02-06 11:31:41
How so? I do not make bad devisions while high i just stay home (or any other pre chosen destination) and enjoy the effects. I have not driven high, bevome violent while high or in any way affected anyone negatively while high
@_date: 2015-02-05 21:31:09
Do you have any evidence for this or aee you just assuming?
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:23:44
I support what he did and i am neither of those. He made it easier for people to get quality products in a safe manner. He possibly prevented many overdoses due to adultered products, violence, and more plus if yoy get scammed you lose money in person you will be beaten or killed by some people(ive had a gun pulled on me twice and ive been robbed another time too where i almost had my leg run over)
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:30:42
Its like trying to stop to stop a river flow by putting a pebble in its way
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:24:14
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:14:36
What is wrong with using heroin? It is less toxic than alcohol and safe if used properly(plus you only endanger yourself again) if i shoot heroin it will not kill or harm my neighbor. 
I went on the silk road alot. It sold all drugs and weapons at one point(no contracts for hits the only hits there where lsd) also the weapons where removed pretty soon after i first saw them as well as illegal porn(child porn, snuff films ect)
In the end it became a safe and reliable way to get good quality drugs and be sure of what you ate taking. It prevented overdoses from taking unmarked or cut products and reduced harm over all.
I understand people want to deaw the line somewhere but that fact is that line is imaginary anf people still use drugs so why not change policy so people dont end uo in prison for life over drugs. We are not saving any lives and are only making it more dangerous for those who do use because they only have access to unregulated products that can be adultered and deadly. 
Imagen alcohol was made illegal ( oh wait it was) what happens? Rise in violence and gang activity and rise in death from the substance(in this case it would be alcohol not made properly that has methanol) theee is no quality control. You can be sure that if you buy a bottle at a liquor store you will not die from drinking it moderately because it is only alcohol and nothing more toxic.
You dont have the same benefits from other drugs
Then we have massive amounts of pills being prescribed for everything leading many to become addicyed to pain killers and more (even when used as described) then they find out they can get something thats the same strength or better for far cheaper rhey will go with that instead of over priced pills. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 21:30:46
No one cares about al pacino anymore
@_date: 2015-02-07 14:52:40
How does it harm children? What about the majority of people who drink and have children who grow up healthy with no problems? What if i dojt have children? What if i cant have children then harming children doesnt apply
How does it affect my productivity? I am productive i work 2 jobs and pay my taxes, i save uo 70%of my money, i pay for the resources i use. How does this affect anyone? If i choose to smoke a joint on my free time who gets harmed? How does society suffer? Making it illegal doesnt solve anything since the majority still uses drugs. 
You say what society says goes. Society said before slavery was ok. As was the genocide of the natives to take their land. So according to you that was perfectly ok even the rigth thing to do because society said it was ok. If this is how you think you are sick.
Also yes i went on the silk road many times out of curiosity. Doesnt mean i ever actually used it(not because i didnt want to just because i dont feel like going through all the trouble of doing it in a safe manner) there is no law against looking at a website
And ok you dont care about people spending life in prison over drugs but how would you feel if it was you? As i stated before you dont need to use or even have drugs to be arrested for them. A big problem is cops planting them on people to make arrests and some get caugth but how many people go to jail who never used drug? Also the tactics they use to catch people are wrong. They go out of their way to get people who wouldnt normally get involved with drugs to buy or sell them and arrest them when they do. They did it to a mentally handicapped high schooler by pretending to be his friend how is that ok?
Also the fact that there is even more corruption. A district attorney was having an affair with a woman who tested drugs of people arrested to see if they need to be charged. Emails where found of the two talking about giving false positives for drugs to get more convictions. She tested the "drugs" of over 40,000 over the span of many years many where innocent. All those lives destroyed over a stupid law that they didnt even break.
There is even a man arrested who spent a minth in jail and lost his job for smuggling cocaine except the cocaine turned out to just be shampoo after a second analysis.
Not to mention those arrested for conspiracy charges
Another was arrested when an anonymus tip told police the man would be recieving lsd in the mail. He was arrested and is still in prison(got like 5 years i think). If i wanted to hurt someone i could send them drugs in the mail esoevially during a holiday season where mail is expected and call the cops. If that person signs for the oackage that is all it takes for the arrest to be made. And the worst oart is they migth not give it a second thought since they dont know it is drugs. 
You cant argue that drugs should be illegal but say alcohol is ok. If you truly believe drugs are hatmful to society why doesnt everyone get together and ban all drugs. Coffee, alcohol, sugar, painkiller, xanax, tobacco, scopolamine ect. Bam every single drug there is or dont ban any. The mist harmful drugs are also perfectly legal. Not only that but some are so deadly they van be seen as a weapon instead of a drug but it is legal, cheap and easy to obtain.
How can you be ok with the thougth that society judt wants to kill off certain people? And if that is the case why not just execute all drug users and dealers on the spot? It will be easier, faster and cheaper and will do more to curb drug use by others? Lets just kill every person that has ever used a drug. That seems like a great solution.
How would you feel if your kids where killed hy a cop for smoking a joint? would you be happy to be rid of a junkie? What if you didnt even know they smoked? The worst oart is this has happened many times here in the US and does in many other countries as well. If you are ok with killing drug users then you should be ok with killing all who drink alcohol, smoke tobacco, use pain killers or other meds, coffee and sugar(all addicting drugs with psychoactive effects and easy to abuse)
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:23:28
And i agree with you on the last part mostly but how can you have the rigth to tell me what i cant do in the privacy of my home? Legalizing allows us to regulate drugs(i could get cocaine, weed, lsd, speed and ecstacy at 16 but couldnt drink until i was 19 and had my cousin buy me whiskey) making it harder for kids to buy drugs. 
We can pass tough laws on using in public and driving under the influence ( how is it that i got in more trouble walking home with a bit of weed than someone does for driving drunk and blacking out?) 
If we enforce these laws and have legal drugs then people are more likely to just use at home, less chance of overdose, addicts can get help instead of thrown in jail(where drugs are easily available), and people can use drugs casually and still have respectable jobs without fear of being fired for using a substance at home safely every now and then. 
Also driving at 120mph is reckless and dangerous and puts many lives in harms way. Its like running around waving a gun everywhere sure no one is getting hurt but it is very possible that someone will get hurt badly or die. With drugs the risk is mainly with the user not those around them.
We can also make it so that to buy drugs you need to have a bavkground check done(no biolent offenders allowed to buy, people with previous addictions and anyone with any menral illness) 
Rigth now drugs are unregulated and uncontrolled and abailable to anyone of any age who lives on planet earth
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:25:38
But by speeding i am endagering the lives of others. If i smoke pot and play video games i hatm no one
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:29:44
Those could ha e been bullshit. if he actually did that why are rhey not going after him for that still? I mean i think murder or attempted murder is far more serious than selling drugs
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:28:15
It should not be a crime if there is no victim
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:21:22
I dont think the big cartels need the internet especially since no one goes online to buy kilos upon kilos. Plus if they did use the internet it would cut out alot of middle men and result in better product and less violence
@_date: 2015-02-06 11:28:56
Lol but seriously you have absolutely no reason to think they are using darknet. They push too much to even need it. They dont care about selling grams or ounces. Im not saying theres no mexican drug dealers using it or anyone who got their drugs that came from a cartel but def not any cartel themselves
@_date: 2015-02-07 14:26:51
I didnt agree to any contract at any age for this. Also i cant exactly get away from it due to many reasons butbeven if i could leave drugs are still illegal worldwide because of the usa and the UN. 
Driving at 120 mph is reckless and can (and has ) harm alot of people. It is easy to lose control at that speed and the reaction time is not fast enough to avoid collisions. If i take drugs at home yeah i migth be putting myself at risk of an OD but that will not kill anyone else. N
And yeah people use drugs at the risk of jail and death due to imoure and m8slabeled products(both would be non existent with legalization) but they still use and they also use drugs in jail and prison so that obviously does not work. Why keep doing something it it has failed for decades? Its not going to just magically begin to work out of no where. By changing our approach we have a better chance of improving. Countries that have decriminalized have seen a drop i. Drug use and crime. That says alot imo.
And how can you say ross deserves life in prison for making an online market when we dont do the same to rapists, murderers, child molesters ect? People who cause direct harm to others in horrendous ways are not seen as bad as drug dealers and users that is not rigth no matter how you see it.
If one of your lived ones was raped and murdered do you think that person who did it would should serve less time than a drug dealer/user? Because that is how the country sees it.
I dont care thathe is going to prison. He saw a risky opportunity and took it and made some mistakes that lead to arrest. He knew the consequences and did it anyway to bevone filthy rich. Others dont get the same chance. There is a man who recently passed away who served over a decade of a life sentence for conspiracy to sell LSD. 
He was never caugth with any drugs or sellig or trying to sell and it was down to his word against the word of others who claimed he sold to them or planned to in a state he never even visited. He got life(even thought there was no evidence) and died in prison because he didnt get the treatment he needed.
He was ripped away from his family over the word of 3 people who where trying to save their asses(they snitched after being caugth). How can you be ok with a law that puts people away for life for victimless crimes even when there is no evidence?
How is that justice?
@_date: 2018-12-16 14:05:47
how did this take you so long?
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:27:04
Only if the person abuses it (provided you are selling what you claim). if i go and drink until i die from alcohol poisoning it is 100% my fault not the liquor stores. 