@_author: almkglor
@_date: 2018-01-18 04:18:21
No, the payment can still be made atomic, that's the magic bit that requires direct coordination between the payer and payee.
Otherwise today you *can* split up the payment into multiple invoices non-atomically.
@_date: 2018-01-18 04:31:42
No, WTF, of course it uses [LOLCODE](
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:51:31
First, you need to be rich.  To the point that losing say 0.05-&gt;0.1 BTC is not a big deal to you.
Second, you need to be technical.  You need to be able to do stuff like compile programs from source or at least know some people who can do stuff like that for you.
Third, select a Lightning Node implementation, download it, compile it, set it up for mainnet (current LN implementations are primarily for testing and default to testnet), run it.  They may require some time to get up to speed, depending exactly on what implementation you are using.
Fourth, get an on-chain address from your LN implementation, and send a small amount of BTC ("small" being somewhere in the aforementioned 0.05-&gt;0.1 BTC range).
Fifth, go look for a mainnet LN node.  cdecker's twitter contains the node for blockstream store, but you might want to be adventurous and channel to another mainnet node and see if/how routing works.
Sixth, set up a channel with the mainnet LN node.  You probably have to "connect" first (which downloads information on the network and lets you find other mainnet LN nodes, although your LN implementation may or may not show this to you), then "create a channel".  Make a channel that's slightly lower than the money you sent to your LN implementation (you still need to pay fees for creating a channel, so your LN implementation will have to use that).
@_date: 2018-01-16 07:45:38


Correct.  Even the spec does not support it: here is the [issue]( for this (deferred to the next spec version, 1.1).  There is some measure of trust needed for bilateral opens, more than for unilateral opens.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:14:00
When more people start helping develop Lightning Network.
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:26:16


So no need to close the original LN channel, just route over that channel until you reach the destination.
Simple payment channels are for parties who regularly exchange funds.  Payment channel **networks** (e.g. LN) are for general payments, because you can reuse a channel to somebody to send to somebody else.
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:55:17
As of BOLT 1.0 every node announces its channels to every other node, so every node has a map of the entire network.
Nodes cannot make up fake channels because channels have a funding transaction on the blockchain, so nodes will not believe fake channels (fake channels will not have funding transactions confirmed on the blockchain).
Routing is done via onion routing, so nodes cannot arbitrarily fail your route simply because they don't like you or the node you are paying, nodes can simply just fail some or all routes going through them.
If a route attempt fails, you just try another route.  Remember, your node has a map of the entire network (at least as of BOLT 1.0).
The FLARE thingy (too lazy to go find it) has a pdf paper somewhere that allows nodes to have submaps and for arbitrary nodes (payer and payee) to coordinate to find routes between them by looking at intersections of their submaps (and extending local submaps if their submaps do not intersect).  That will be the next step.
@_date: 2018-01-25 01:12:30
You are assuming the hub won't ever go down. In general you and the network are better off with many channels for better routability, spread counterparty downtime risk, and improved decentralization.
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:09:25
Assuming that no major fuckups occur, if you buy cheaply today and the technology gets fleshed out in a year, you are in a much better position than if you buy when the tech really gets fully fleshed out.
Devs will never allow previously-owned coins to become inaccessible in the full version, because almost all of them already own some coins and are doing Bitcoin development partly to increase the value of the Bitcoin they are already hodling.
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:18:20


Last (= first) time I did that, it spiked, then crashed *above* the price it was when I deposited.
Don't bother timing the market.
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:37:31
This is possible theoretically, but the current BOLT 1.0 does not have this functionality yet.
Note that the splitting-and-reforming would be done by the payer and the payee, and would require a direct network connection (but NOT a channel) between them.  So intermediate nodes can be at 1.0 functionality (i.e. not support transaction splitting), only the payer and the payee need to understand the transaction-splitting feature.
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:03:11
In theory.  Note that BOLT 1.0 does not have this feature yet.
@_date: 2018-01-16 07:08:36
Routing fees.  Not to mention that a hub does not have to connect to *every* corner store, it just has to connect to some subnetwork of nodes that connects to a corner store for every corner store.
I can imagine putting up a "receiving service" where you pay a small amount (say 1mBTC) to get a channel going initially to your node.  If you yourself need to pay employees, subcontractors, or suppliers on Lightning, you would open a channel going to them, and when you start your business, you'd use a receiving service, or ask a friend, to open a channel going to your node.
@_date: 2018-01-10 06:46:36
LN "emergency" transactions, as you call them, are definitely RBF-able.  Indeed, all that is needed by the damaged party is a single 32-bit hash that forms part of the signing key.  From there, the "emergency" transaction can be made and remade until the entire thief's share is paid as miner fees (in which case the damaged party gets his or her rightful share but the thief still gets 0, as punishment for the damage).
Note that the "emergency" transaction has an inherent advantage since the thief can get its share only after a timelock, while the punishment transaction has no timelock.  If the timelock comes near, the "emergency" transaction can jack its fee up to the max level (i.e. up to the entire thief's share), and no *rational* miner would accept another transaction even after the timelock (because the thief will be actively losing money in order to beat the previous fee).
@_date: 2018-01-18 05:58:46
Oh fuck, that low?  Damn I made a loss since I bought at $1,200, $2,200, $4,200, $6,300, oh fuck!
@_date: 2018-01-17 07:41:08
Not quite.  Some brave individuals are running alpha/beta-level LN software on mainnet, risking their funds (presumably a tiny fraction of their hodlings).
LN is not quite here yet but give the devs a few more months.  It *is* nearer to "here" than "there", I suppose.
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:37:52
To expand more on : No, because most of that data is essentially random (hashes and signatures from cryptographically randomly generated secrets). Random data is impossible to compress as there is no structure and there are no repeating or consistent elements.
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:05:30
The other side can transmit the (currently off-chain) transactions on the blockchain.  They're already signed. remember?
@_date: 2018-01-18 04:22:20
Well, I guess that's another way to interpret "here".  As someone who has hired a random freelancer to work on LN software, I know my hireling has a long list of bugs, issues, and tweaks to work on, and recommends not to use it on mainnet now.
But I guess if a few brave individuals are going on mainnet now --- well, it's "here" indeed, just not "here" enough for most of us yet.
@_date: 2018-01-25 01:25:15
How do you get BTC to spend on Lightning? Probably by some exchange, right? How does the business you are sending to get filthy fiat to pay taxes and other government bribes from the BTC you sent? Probably by some exchange, right? Now imagine your exchange and the business's exchange are both on Lightning. You send filthy fiat to your exchange to replenish your channel. You send it to the business via a route from your exchange to the business's exchange to the business. The business sends BTC to its exchange to get filthy fiat to pay the taxmen. The business's exchange now has a deficit of fiat (it gave some of its fiat to the business) but your exchange has a surplus (you gave your fiat to it in the first place) so they swap BTC for fiat, which means the channel between them gets replenished too. Round and round it goes, economic power transmitted on waves of BTC!
The best part is, if  your exchange gets Goxxed, you can recover your money as onchain BTC for nearly the same value (minus onchain fees) in a few days, then open a channel with a different exchange.
@_date: 2018-01-16 07:12:51
A lightning network invoice.  It is a one-time address that accepts 100uBTC (or 100bits) of money.  Note that it starts with "lntb", which is "lightning network, testnet bitcoins", so it is a testnet address, not a mainnet address.  A mainnet address would start "lnbc" aka "lightning network, bitcoins".  As mentioned, lightning network invoices are one-time addresses, so once it is paid, it cannot be paid by somebody else.
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:48:18
We don't know yet.  The hope is that you never need to get off LN.
1.  Economic value does not appear magically out of nowhere.
2.  If you have BTC to spend, you got the BTC somewhere.  How?  You are either an employee, a subcontractor, or a shareholder of some economic entity.  You get paid with BTC.
3.  If you receive BTC for services or product, you got the services or product somewhere.  How?  You have to pay employees or subcontractors to make the service/product, pay suppliers for raw materials, and pay shareholders their share of the earnings.
4.  None of the BTC transfers above have to be done onchain.  They can all be done on-Lightning.
So if 1,000,000 people opened a channel with starbucks, where do they get money to spend on starbucks?  For most people, from their employers.  Now consider that their employer may themselves pay the employees on Lightning.  This payment gets routed from the employer to starbucks to the employee, replenishing the channel and letting the employee spend more on starbucks.  And since starbucks has to buy its coffee cups from WalMart or something, starbucks has channels to WalMart and/or its affiliates.  So anyone who has a starbucks channel can also pay to WalMart.
Starbucks has to do something with its money.  They pay to the coffee bean farmers (so starbucks has channels with them too).  They pay their baristas (so starbucks would want to make channels with them, and the baristas can use the same channel to buy groceries from Walmart).  When starbucks expands to create a new branch, they have to pay a construction company, so maybe they make a channel to the construction company (or maybe one of the baristas has a brother who works for a construction company and they happen to have a channel between them for lending money to each other).
So if LN succeeds... you never really need to close channels, ever.  You just live your whole economic life on Lightning.
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:11:06
You will need a friend who is willing to open a channel to you, but yes.
It may be possible for an exchange to charge some amount to you in order to create a channel and then transfer your money to you.  Since routing has fees and you are likely to have only that single channel going through the exchange's node, the exchange is incentivized to provide such a service to you (assuming that is the reason you want to receive money).
An employer might be willing to open such a channel to you for free, and send your salary on-Lightning.  Again, routing has fees and the employer is incentivized to provide this channel (presumably they have interviewed you and tested you for drugs and asked around about whether you are insane or not, so they can take the risk of opening the channel to you in preparation of your salary and not have you just close the channel without using it, wasting the fee they spent on opening it in the first place).
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:39:55
    lightningd --rgb=ff00ff --alias=magentabytor
@_date: 2018-01-18 05:51:11
...1 RETURN, nSequence, DER-encoding, unintended tx malleability...
@_date: 2018-01-16 07:16:50
Most Bitcoin devs (working on LN or on Bitcoin Core) have a stash of Bitcoin, probably in the hundreds or more, and if their efforts increase the price by even 1% they'd be earning a few month's worth of salary.
That and honestly thinking about Bitcoin smart contracts is fun.
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:18:13
Huh? 
1. Current Lightning BOLT 1.0 already uses single-funder channel openings.  See BOLT
2. Open+pay is already in Lightning BOLT 1.0 as `push_msat`.  See BOLT again, specifically `open_channel`.
3.  Sub-satoshi payments are already in Lightning BOLT 1.0.  All on-Lightning payments are denominated in millisatoshi, and it would be relatively easy (i.e. much easier than a Bitcoin hardfork) to subdivide it further into microsatoshi and so on in the future.
4.  The only thing that hasn't "made it" into Lightning BOLT 1.0 is probabilistic payments for sub-satoshi division.  Sub-satoshi divisions as of Lightning BOLT 1.0 are simply implemented as an extra 1 satoshi given to the miner as fee, when moving from on-Lightning to on-chain.
In short... this is work that is already mostly done.  Everything in this document is already implemented by the 3 main LN implementations, except for probabilistic payments.
@_date: 2018-01-11 23:54:53
Yes, I am in it for the technological features
You know, MAST, Bellare-Neven (often miscalled "Schnorr") signatures, scriptless script, CT, MimbleWimble, Lightning, HTLCs, CoinSwap, shit like that.  Lambos? Why would I spend valuable BTC on that?
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:22:44
Not quite; there's no need for strong consensus on LN like there is a need for Bitcoin.  In many ways this will still work even if only one node ever used it; a sort of graceful degradation.
@_date: 2019-07-05 09:00:23
There are far more darknet markets now (with operators with better opsec) than just a single Silk Road.
Other cryptocurrencies are only gaining traction in the sense that their supporters get ever more stringent.
Bitcoin has value because it's the one that's used most often, more developers are building on top of it than on other blockchains, and updates like SegWit and Lightning Network continue to leverage the Bitcoin blockchain while deloading it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 09:01:58
Did you misread E***lectr***um as E***there***um?
@_date: 2019-07-02 07:22:38
No, I do not.  If fiat cannot be decentralized then it will never compete with BTC.
In many parts of the world, including my own, the inflation tax is much too heavy a burden.  In a good year we have 4% inflation.  Bad year, &gt; 6%.  This is tremendously bad: people who might otherwise save their money and later invest it into local startup companies are better off spending their money on products made by foreign companies, strengthening the economies of first-world countries and weakening ours further.  There are no startup hubs here because there are no angel investors.  Startups in my country are usually invested in by foreign interests, and as such are beholden to those foreign interests.  A smart person in my country is better off leaving it and getting better opportunities elsewhere.
The almighty US dollar is a tool of oppression.  It must be slain, by one means or another.  I am patient and I have abided under this regime for decades: what is another more years to develop Bitcoin over Lightning to me?  As long as Lightning advances, inevitably the US dollar will fall, because whatever shitty centralized payment processor is built on top of the US dollar can be rebuilt on top of Lightning and Bitcoin, but the freedom Bitcoin gives to us is something that the US dollar can never provide.
@_date: 2019-07-05 10:06:06
There's a bunch of stuff you could leak.
First, I'm assuming you're talking about mutual closes.  Unilateral close txes get even more complicated.
Now, Lightning has a concept of "reserve".  This is the minimum amount of coin you keep on your side of the channel, and exists to prevent making theft attempts costless --- you always have something to lose, i.e. the reserve.
The only time there is no reserve for one side is just after a channel is opened.  All of the funds belong to the funder of the channel, so the other side of the channel has 0 reserve.
Thus, if the channel has 0.01 BTC going in and 0.01 BTC going out to a single output, it becomes pretty obvious it was closed after funding and no activity occurred on it (because if some activity occurred, there would have been a second output of at least 0.0001 BTC if the channel has a 1% reserve on both sides), therefore the entire coin is owned by the funder.
So you have to at least spend the equivalent of the channel reserve to move some funds to the other side and make it more ambiguous who owns the coin.  This is currently 1% on all the major implementations.
The thing to do is to open a channel and use Lightning Loop or Bitrefill Thor or whatever the cool kids are calling the offchain-to-onchain swap services.  You then recover some funds as onchain funds.  The offchain-to-onchain swap service does not learn who you are (at least if you used TOR to contact the service and get the invoice), and the coin they give has onchain history completely divorced from your funding channel.
Alternately, just hang around and wait for some other node to make a channel with you, then pay from your channel to your incoming channel.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:27:40
Damn your mom's services are getting expensive, that's not what she said to me last night.
@_date: 2019-07-12 22:57:25
Depends on your main wallet.
The important bit is to remember that Bitcoin operates in terms of coins(UTXOs). So this is private only if your main wallet has coin control.
First, don't reuse addresses.
Second, use a wallet with coin control.
Usually, wallets will just get any coins they have, and link them together by spending them in the same tx. This reduces your privacy greatly (it's now obvious a single entity owns all the coins spent together) and also slightly weakens the privacy of other CoinJoin users in the same round you participated in.
So you need coin control to tell the wallet what coins you think are safe for it to use on each transaction you make. In particular note thay change coins can be identifiable and would link multiple payouts you make as belonging to the same person.
Electrum has coin control and you can use a Trezor with it. Wasabi also has coin control and you can use a Ledger with it. Only use the Trezor/Ledger websites to update your firmware.
Just remember to send each coin to a different receive address for each one. Address reuse is bad for privacy.
@_date: 2018-01-17 07:50:46
*shrug* the main LN software are open source. None of the devs have gone out and given a predefined date.  on [


Assuming you are not being sarcastic and really want to help, then:
1. Hiring a freelance programmer to go help (or go program it yourself if you have the skills) one of the LN implementations: [c-lightning]( [lnd]( [Eclair]( [lit](
2.  Running a node on testnet and reporting bugs.
3.  (if you are a whale) Running a node on mainnet and reporting bugs.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:14:02
Watchtowers ***will not*** help with this: they only enforce loss from a possible theft attempt, they don't prevent you from accidentally making a theft attempt because you used old data by accident.
The `data_loss_protect` option in BOLT spec ***will*** help with this, and is already a thing: basically, on reconnection, your client will ask "do you have a revocation key for this commitment" and if the other side is able to show the revocation key, your client knows that it's holding old state and will ask the other side to close with the latest state (though of course the other side now has an opportunity to close with non-latest state: in theory you could just be testing the other side and actually know the latest state, in practice this doesn't happen LOL).
@_date: 2019-07-19 01:57:00
I already do at least one of those things, so yes.
@_date: 2019-07-17 08:37:44


What?  People do not need to know each other in order to open a channel.  They just need to know some way of contacting them online.  This does not necessarily mean you can 


You neglect the channel reserve.  Each side is required to maintain (once achieved) the channel reserve.  Current software hardcodes this to 1% of the total channel value.  The only time you will have less than the reserve value is if somebody has just opened a channel to you (such that all funds are owned by the opener), but in that case there is no older state that has more money for **you**.
So in that case, the buyer will still have at least 1.67mBTC.  That's about $16 right now, but it's still $16 the buyer risks losing if he or she performs a theft attempt.  If the buyer really is broke, maybe he or she would rather keep the $16 than risk losing it in a very unlikely theft attempt?
I mean --- do you honestly think this hadn't been thought about before?  The final version of the Lightning Network paper was published in 2016, and from what I understand it was being discussed by Joseph Poon and Tadge Dryja in 2015, possible 2014.  Maybe try to look more into the tech before trying to fix non-problems?  What will you bring up next, that revocation keys require storage linear on the number of updates?
@_date: 2019-07-09 01:58:19


Not at all.  It would probably be best to use the channel-level keypairs for the ECDH too, so no overhead on top of the channel keypair exchange that is needed to form the funding txo anyway.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:37:06
Close your channels and then transfer via the onchain option.
@_date: 2019-07-16 06:03:48
Yes.  Hopefully they'll give a grace period to sell.
Alternately, you can realize that there are so many laws that you are probably actually a criminal right now, and that "illegal" does not mean "immoral" (there's a lot of overlap, but they don't refer to the same thing).
@_date: 2019-07-08 10:14:39
Sorry, but I actually agree with that 300kB blocks would decentralize the network further; I live in a country with expensive internet, with a family I am responsible for feeding and supporting, so Internet access is shared.  I already contribute to Bitcoin extensively, so devoting all our Internet for a week or two to do the initial block download is too much to ask for my limited resources (and my tiny HODLings), as well as a continuous 200-&gt;300Mb per day (so about 6-&gt;9Gb per month) afterwards.
I just don't openly push for 300kB blocks, since I'd be derided by people like you who are not living in my country in my situation. I'd be able to hopefully do IBD someday, but at the rate blocks fill up these days, it'll take much longer, like a few years longer, before my country's infrastructure would let me achieve this.
The 2019 of some countries is less than the 2019 of other countries.  Please consider that Bitcoin is a global currency.
Blockstream Satellite would be nice to have but my current living place does not allow satellite dish installations (and doesn't fix my IBD problem).  Hopefully `assumeutxo` will let me skip IBD so that my "only" problem is the 6-&gt;9Gb or so per month I need to download.
@_date: 2019-07-04 10:06:28
But because of the random nature of mining, it'll be *unlikely* both sides have *exactly* the same blockheight at the time of partition healing.
Even if they are *exactly* the same blockheight at the time of partition healing, then some miner of one side or another will, by random chance, mine a new block for their own side *before* all the other miners of the other side do.  And then that breaks the tie.
If you postulate that each side manages to somehow advance their blockchains in *perfect* synchrony, I'd postulate you are proposing a world of such reduced probability that you may as well propose a world where I win two lotteries on the same day.
@_date: 2019-07-11 08:17:01
Lightning Network.
@_date: 2019-07-04 08:04:45
Prime factors are just *one* hard problem that's used in cryptography.  Others are computational lattice and elliptic curve discrete log problems.  This is not an exhaustive list.
Both prime factors and elliptic curve discrete log problems are susceptible to Shor's algorithm, which can only be executed on (theoretical) quantum computers.
What Bitcoin uses is the elliptic curve discrete log problem.  The signature standard that uses prime factors is RSA, which requires much more data to store signatures (about 10x more).  This is significant especially with Bitcoin, which has a cap on block size to keep resource consumption of fullnodes manageable.  Bitcoin instead uses ECDSA (will later include a variant of Schnorr, another ECDLP-based signature scheme), precisely because of the better signature sizes (RSA does have some features, such as blind signing, that EC signing schemes don't have, or have at reduced security).
Bitcoin has a trivial upgrade path enabled by SegWit to enable new SCRIPT and new signing algorithms.  Even if SegWit never existed there are still a few expansion points available that would have allowed a new signing slgorithm to be added.  So "all we need" is some more research on getting some post-quantum signing scheme smaller (because blocksize) and someone coding it up and a proposal to add it to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-19 08:55:33


This watch-only wallet then only watches (and provides addresses for) a singlesig.  It won't generate the addresses for the 2-of-2, because as far as it's concerned it's a singlesig wallet.
Operator error.
@_date: 2019-07-06 00:45:37
Then follow me. I mostly just give tech updates and answer tech questions.  And stalk to shit on him when I'm bored, because he's amusing.
@_date: 2019-07-16 10:55:17
Tor is a moving target, and while it's true that many Tor v2 onion services were located, additional security has been added in Tor v3 onion services.  In particular, hidden service directories for Tor v2 can locate the .onion service, but hidden service directories for Tor v3 can only be used to look up information that is encrypted using the name of the Tor v3 onion, and clients do not need to send the name of a Tor v3 onion service to the hidden service directories.
The "major law-breaking Tor services" you refer to were all Tor v2 onions, and the change in hidden service directories partially improves protection of Tor v2 onions and gives protection of Tor v3 onions.  Modern Tor v3 onions are expected to be significantly harder to locate physically.
Now you might say "oh but maybe another bug will be found in Tor" but consider that the same can be said of the Bitcoin base layer in the first place.  We trust Bitcoin, to some extent, because such bugs are found and fixed; similarly for Tor.  You cannot equivocate and apply that to Tor without applying it to Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2019-07-01 03:51:33


This is roughly correct.  Tracking companies have a lot of "probe nodes" on the network where they get timing information of when transactions first appear in their mempools: if a transaction appears near one probe node first before the other probe nodes, then it's likely that the owner of the coins that became inputs to the transaction is a node directly connected to the first probe node (and since the probe nodes know which connected peer it first heard the transaction from, that is very specific information).  However, if there are a number of nodes that are connected indirectly to the probe node but are not connected to a probe node directly, then that increases the possible anonymity set and makes the analysis hard.  Thus, additional nodes provide better privacy to the network as a whole.
Another advantage of additional nodes is that additional nodes make it harder to Sybil some victim node into thinking that there have not been any blocks recently.  If you can successfully isolate a fullnode so that it only talks to nodes you control, you can delay propagation of new blocks to that fullnode.  If that fullnode is the fullnode of a Lightning Network node, then it becomes possible to attack it by using revoked state, then denying the block that contains the revoked old state to the victim fullnode until the revocation period has passed.  By running additional fullnodes, it becomes harder to perform an isolation attack like this (it becomes likely that the victim node will attempt to connect and end up connecting to an honest --- or at least, not-data-denying --- node on the network, rather than one an attacker controls).
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:55:05
Depends on how paranoid you are, I guess.  I wouldn't reveal even just $5, but $5 is what I spend in a day coming/going to work and eating *special* lunch (ordinary lunch would come to about $2.5, one way to/from work is $0.5 each); it might be less significant for you than for me, and I'm a good bit more paranoid myself than I might appear at first glance.
The other difficulty is that, given a $20 channel, admitting "I have $5 in this channel" implies "the other side has $15 in this channel", so both sides of the channel have to be willing to leak the information, and since the $5 side is the one that would fail say a $7 forward, it giving the information "sorry, I only have $5 in the channel, try an AMP with lower amount later" without being allowed by the other side means the $5 side is taking on less risk than the $15 side.
@_date: 2019-07-11 16:33:27
Ir's private.  It's more private than onchain transactions, because it's kept offchain and the routing information is encrypted at each step, preventing intermediate nodes from knowing anyone other than the direct source and direct destination (ultimate source and ultimate destination are harder to guess).
From a forwarding node, the ultimate destination of the payment might be guessable depending on the remaining CLTV-delta of the forwarded HTLC.  Techniques like shadow routing involve adding a random number to this CLTV-delta to obscure the ultimate destination.
The ultimate source of the funds is almost impossible to figure out, since the encryption of each step is a public-key encryption with the source using a temporary throwaway key.
In fact, if the ultimate source of the funds is able to acquire an invoice over Tor without providing any identifiable information, even the ultimate destination cannot know who the source is.  Even if the ultimate source has to provide identification, if their node is run over Tor then the ultimate destination cannot associate which node on the Lightning Network is the one controlled by the ultimate source.
 especially BOLT 
Your anonymity set as the payer is much higher than on CoinJoin: even  a large CoinJoin has only 100 participants, on Lightning your anonymity set is going to number in the thousands (any node within 20 hops of the destination might be the source of the payment).  Your anonymity set as the payee is lower, though, especially to those forwarding nodes that are near you.
A major major major advantage in privacy for Lightning payments is that they're not broadcast, they're routed.  Only the forwarding nodes get a hint on who the ultimate destination is (and get no hint on who the ultimate payer is).  This is in comparison to onchain, where every fullnode knows every transaction.
@_date: 2019-07-16 04:44:48
1 RETURN? `nSequence` replacement? Transaction malleability?  That's "super advanced tech"?
@_date: 2019-07-08 07:54:04
You send it out to all your peers.
Typically, in an application setup like yours, you'd be running a `bitcoind` instance on a server you control and administer, and make requests to the `bitcoind` server you control.  The `bitcoind` instance is responsible for keeping its peers up-to-date with whatever you want to do, and you get a nice little client-server thing without having to clobber your client code into a peer-to-peer service (which is harder to write).  You get the same benefits as using `bitcoind` directly, since the `bitcoind` your app is dependent on is also owned and operated by you.
@_date: 2019-07-04 09:47:50
Trying random 12 words 24/7 ***is*** brute forcing it.
@_date: 2019-07-02 07:26:53
Let's say 60% of the time Bitcoin goes up, 40% of the time Bitcoin goes down.  Don't know if that's accurate, but I'm pretty sure Bitcoin goes up *at least* 60% of the time, otherwise Bitcoin wouldn't have gotten from &lt; $1 to ~$10,000.  Up, down, what you bet on is that it will go up --- because most of the time, it *will* go up, because deflationary.  You don't try to time the frikkin market.  You just set a schedule of buying, buy and HODL.  Because it's more likely to go up than down, at any time, but you can't predict that ***this*** time it will go up, ***this*** time it will go down.  Just cost-average in.
@_date: 2019-07-02 04:49:54
Nobody and everybody.  In order to propose a change, you should first identify *why* this change is beneficial and ***does not harm the Bitcoin ecosystem***.
If you want relevant arguments for not increasing the blocksize (or even reducing the blocksize, though that will also be unpopular and that's why I don't really push for it), I can supply a bunch of them to you.
# Fullnode numbers
It's been noticed that fullnode numbers have been dropping as actual block size has increased.
It's known that some of the fullnode operators that stopped operating fullnodes did so because they could no longer support the increased bandwidth as actual block sizes increased.
Finally, many potential fullnode operators (including myself) cannot feasibly start operating a fullnode due to the current blocksize and initial block download.
More fullnodes are better, even if almost all of them are non-mining, because:
* Spying fullnodes already exist to determine which transactions come from which fullnodes.
  A spy that controls many spying fullnodes can use timing correlation to determine which node(s) is/are likely to be the nodes which own the inputs to the transaction.
  If one particular spying fullnode receives the transaction first before all the other spying fullnodes, then it is likely that the originating node is much nearer to that spying fullnode than to other spying fullnodes.
  By increasing the number of non-spying fullnodes on the network, you increase the anonymity set of the originating fullnode and make it harder for spying fullnodes to identiy which fullnode originated the transaction.
* Makes isolation attacks much less likely.
  If an attacker controls many nodes, and a particular victim node connects only to the attacker, then the attacker can attack the victim node by not providing blocks to it.
  If the victim node is a mining node, then the attacker can gain an advantage by denying it information about new blocks, so that the victim node mines on old blocks and generates stale blocks, removing the hashpower of the victim node.
  If the victim node is a Lightning Network node, then the attacker can publish old state, then deny the victim node information about new blocks, then the attacker enjoys its old state when the revocation period has passed.
# SPV Problem
Increasing the blocksize encourages people to not run fullnodes (because of increased bandwidth consumption).
In particular, it encourages people to run SPV wallets instead.
The problem is that SPV does not validate the entire block.
In particular, it does not validate the block subsidy.
If miners collude to increase the block subsidy, SPV nodes cannot detect this.
Only fullnodes can detect this, because fullnodes validate all blocks.
You cannot validate the block subsidy unless you see the entire block, since the fees from the transactions are included in the coinbase output (i.e. the total of the coinbase output is the total of all fees, plus the block subsidy).
If the coinbase output is 1000BTC, then it's always possible that some transaction in the block had paid a 987.5 BTC fee; you have to go and check.
If only miners and their cronies run fullnodes, then nobody can reject miner-imposed rule changes.
At the same time, miners are not necessarily long-term HODLers of Bitcoin: they are irrevocably "in" Bitcoin only as long as their mining hardware is the most efficient available.
When the mining hardware is obsolete, either they take their earnings and get the next mining hardware, or they take the earnings and leave Bitcoin behind forever.
So while inflation would forever reduce the value of Bitcoin, miners are not irrevocably "in" Bitcoin and can take short-term gains (higher block subsidies!) and then leave Bitcoin once they've earned enough.
Thus, it is very important that most economic actors who want a deflationary money run fullnodes, and that requires having *some* cap on the block size so that nearly every economic actor in Bitcoin (i.e. ordinary citizens) can run fullnodes.
# Block Propagation Problem
Mining is not a race.  The miner with the biggest hashrate is not always the winner, the way the runner with the fastest running speed is nearly always the winner in a race.  Mining is a lottery, where the biggest hashpower is more likely to get the next block, but it's not an assurance of getting *every* block.  And that is as it should be.
At least, ***ideally*** mining is not a race.  The problem is that block propagation makes mining not a lottery, but partly a race.
Suppose a large miner finds a block; as a large miner, it is likely to occur.  Now, the miner *knows* the block it just made is valid.
However, every other miner in the world must first receive the block and validate every transaction in it.  During that small window of time, the large miner has an advantage: it *knows* the block it just made is valid, but all its competitors *do not*.  The large miner can start mining on the next block after that, but not its competitors.  With a bit of luck, the large miner can effectively leverage this phenomenon, effectively giving it more hashpower (more share of found blocks) than the actual hashpower it has.
The larger the block, obviously, the more time it takes to propagate it.
Now there are some techniques, like graphene and compact blocks, which improve block propagation.  Graphene is basically a marginal improvement over compact blocks, with the drawback that graphene requires deterministic transasction ordering and thus disallows CPFP.  So let's focus on compact blocks (because Graphene is basically just compact blocks in a different way with the drawback of deterministic transaction ordering).
Compact blocks gets its magic by taking advantage of the fact that there exists a mempool with transactions.  Instead of transmitting every transaction of the block in full, it transmits the first 6 bytes or thereabouts of the transaction IDs.  The receiver of the compact block then looks up the transaction IDs in its own mempool and reconstructs the block.
Now if block sizes are too large, then most of the time there will be no mempool and miners are unlikely to have the same transactions in their mempools, thus preventing compact blocks from working, and we have to do the old-fashioned push-every-byte-of-every-transaction-in-the-block, which obviously takes longer than pushing just the first 6 bytes of each txid.  This hurts block propagation.  Larger blocks also take longer to propagate, and larger blocks means mempools are likely to be very different between miners, thus increasing the effect of block propagation on mining centralization.
# Quadratic sighash bug
Spends of non-SegWit outputs are signed such that sighash has to be computed uniquely for every spend.  A large transaction spending many non-SegWit outputs would require one sighash operation per spend (O(n) sighashes).  And the time it takes to perform the sighash is proportional to the size of the transaction, and the number of outputs the transaction is spending is part of that size (O(n) time per sighash).  In combination, that means worst-case O( n^2 ) time spent on sighashes depending on transaction size n.  Thus, quadratic sighash.
If you increase the blocksize for non-SegWit transactions, then you also increase the maximum size of a transaction.  So if you double the blocksize, then you *quadruple* the worst-case time spent sighashing to validate a transaction.  If you increase blocksize by x4, you increase the worst-case sighash time by x16.
Thus, before increasing the blocksize, you first have to impose a transaction-size limit for non-SegWit spends.
This does not apply to SegWit since the witness of each input is not part of the sighash algorithm, so you can cache a sighash for the entire transaction for every SegWit output it sends.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:17:26
Tor is a thing and works.  People who ***currently*** have actual prices on their heads (journalists, political activists, whistleblowers, drug dealers...) have used Tor ***and lived***.  "Just trust the onion routing" ***is*** a viable answer, because ***current*** people who are ***current*** targets of large centralized organizations like you imagine will attack Lightning Network in the future are ***currently*** surviving because of Tor.  Just for reference, "Tor" means "The Onion Router".  People using Tor are strong targets for governments to hunt down physically and kill like you are so concerned about.
Running nodes and watchtowers over Tor will have to be normal to protect against the physical attacks you are so concerned about, but running over Tor does have the advantage that you don't need NAT punching setup on your router and you don't need to pay extra for a public IP address from your ISP (because in some third-world countries, you don't get a public IP address for free).  So people really should go for Tor.
Under Tor it becomes very difficult-to-impossible to "watch in the middle" for what watchtowers your proposed victim uses.  It also becomes very difficult-to-impossible to find out the physical location your proposed victim is (that's why actual activists using Tor ***today*** are still alive).
Sure you could say "Tor is banned in China" but I'd say your problems are much bigger than just keeping hold of your funds if you're in China.  And still Chinese activists manage to use Tor today, so that should give you a plenty damn good hint about how hard it is to break Tor.
@_date: 2019-07-13 03:05:03
The upper-crust white male Christians who run the great country of US of A, who are superior to every other human being.
@_date: 2019-07-02 08:36:05
You're really better off using Wasabi.  Note it takes time to do all this setup.  Monero, ZCash, and Dash have better *theoretical* privacy, but given they're not used very much compared to BTC and Wasabi, they don't get much better *actual* privacy (Monero gets in practice an anonymity set of ~15 per block, and IIRC it's better than ZCash and Dash; Wasabi gets anonymity sets of &gt;50 each round).  Buy at least 0.15 BTC, mix several times on Wasabi for a day or two, then send the *cleaned* coins (not the "ZeroLink Change"!) to the darknet merchant (who you're trusting, by the way, to actually deliver goods, so buyer beware).  If you use Wasabi and CoinJoin a few times you can use CoinBase and give your completely legit IDs and etc. (don't give fake IDs here, it's not worth it).
Do note that because of the way Bitcoin works, any "change" you get from spends is tainted by the spend.  This can be inconvenient: it is not safe to sell those coins on Coinbase later.  You can sell the ZeroLink Change to Coinbase, but not the change you get from paying the darknet merchant.  As you are talking about darknet purchases, consider that you are effectively going to commit to spending all or most of what you bought as Bitcoin on the darknet, and/or donate it to some worthy causes (WikiLeaks, Wikipedia, FSF, Piratebay, Wasabi itself; all accept BTC donations and don't care about darknet purchases).
Read up on Wasabi, it has all the tools for getting privacy, but you need to know first about "change" coins and linkability.
You may also be trusting the darknet merchant, especially if you're giving an address to them to deliver goods.  If the darknet merchant gets hit by law enforcement, the merchant might keep records of addresses it sent product to, which could be next steps for law enforcement.  This is not avoidable by using any kind of cryptocurrency, Monero or ZCash or Dash or Bitcoin; you might want to set up a drop point instead of your home address.
@_date: 2019-07-04 05:46:59
I'm a cheap engineer! Buy me!  I'll even wear drag so I can be pretty for youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu~~~~~~~ onegai goshujin-sama!
I'm not an aircraft engineer but I'm sure it's just like software engineering, i.e. if it crashes you just exit and re-enter the aircraft!
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:33:08
The key ideas you are missing are:
* Connecting to the network lets you transact with anyone.
* Channels are bidirectional and you can receive over the same channels you send over.
Suppose you're a newly-hired employee.  You have a Lightning node but no channels yet because you're a fresh graduate from parents who spent all their life savings to bring you through college, so you only have your resume, your passion for your new job, your LN node, and 0 BTC to your name.  Your employer, wanting to facilitate paying your salary, creates a channel to you, with the capacity to contain more than one or two paychecks (setting aside an amount of money when you hire somebody is always a good thing given various laws that don't let you just fire somebody without severance pay or some kind of advance notice, so this would be normal behavior).  The employer can even save on fees by onboarding multiple fresh hires at the same time.
You get your first paycheck, on that channel.  You spend it to buy groceries, lunch, the occasional movie (again: the routing on LN means you don't have to be directly connected to the payee).  Maybe you save a little and once the balance in your channels goes high enough you send it out to an offchain-to-onchain swap service like Lightning Loop or Bitrefill Thor.  But by your next paycheck, you've exhausted the channel.  You don't close the channel: it gets refilled by your employer for your next paycheck and you continue spending from it.
Every human being who participates in the economy is going to have some incoming financial tokens, which they acquire in exchange for providing services and/or products that other human beings want.  The money cycles around, all on the LN, with most of them not even touching the blockchain except very very rarely.
Your employer got the money from selling products and/or services to its customers.  Those customers got their money from being gainfully employed, either as an employee or some contract work or self-employed or etc. etc.  The money cycles around and around, balances get moved to and fro, but the total capacity of the LN need not change quickly.
You don't want to keep your channels open for a month or so.  You want to keep your channels open until the day you die, or even after the funeral when your lawyers execute your last will and decide how to split the money in your LN node to your heirs.  ***That's*** scaling: two onchains transactions for a channel, backing an entire lifetime's worth of money earned and spent.
@_date: 2019-07-17 11:04:44
Lightning nodes are inherently hot wallets due to the onlineness requirement. You can only be that careless if your money is in a cold offline wallet.  Online wallets can be stolen easily even without physically attacking the owner, so I don't really see this "increased risk of physical attack" as something to worry about --- your online protection (use Tor, update passwords regularly, don't keep a large amount in a hot wallet and re-examine what is "large" for you regularly, don't use a borked OS like Windows, be careful of your privacy) is more important when working with online hot wallets than worrying about physical attacks.
You are comparing cold offline wallets to Lightning, but Lightning ***cannot work*** as a cold offline wallet, inherently.
Think of your cold offline walelt as your bank ("your own bank"), your Lightning node as your wallet. Sure you could be mugged and people get mugged.  Avoid dark places at night, avoid dealing in illegal substances if you can help it, don't carry a few hundred thousand dollars in your wallet, avoid getting drunk unless you're sure there's someone sober who can take you home, etc.
@_date: 2019-07-04 10:01:13
Every neural network beyond a simple XOR gate implementation is just summing up multiple sub-networks.
Every wisdom-of-crowd implementation is just summing up multiple sub-intelligences.
There isn't a lot of difference between them, when you realize just how to aggregate multiple sub-intelligences, and realize that even human brains are just aggregates of multiple sub-agents.
@_date: 2019-07-13 03:05:27
Buy more.
@_date: 2019-07-11 07:54:16
No. I am absolutely not a Sith.
@_date: 2019-07-04 09:42:47
Bitcoin is technically still in beta even today.  Nobody is going to officially say LN is out of beta, but even today ordinary people already hold "real funds" (i.e. more than 1% of their hodlings) in LN nodes.
@_date: 2019-07-13 09:18:49
Anyone donating to you would lose their privacy, because if your donation address is fixed, chain analysis will easily identify the change output of the transaction (i.e. the one where the address is not reused is the change output).
But what do you care, it's not your privacy after all and you don't care about privacy anyway.
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:24:28
Blockstream.info is not a wallet.  Maybe you have it confused with blockchain.info ?
@_date: 2019-07-11 02:03:54
Prevent addresses that haven't migrated from being spent from after blockheight N.  This will be controversial, however.
@_date: 2019-07-06 00:42:35
You don't.  You just prevent his plan, by arranging things so that it is difficult to make a dystopia without revealing himself.
@_date: 2019-07-07 10:13:17
Lightning is our best bet for scaling. Block size increases only increase bandwidth consumption but the rate of txs will be less than the block size increase. Sidechains and altcoins are just more blockchains with the same root problem (ridiculous bandwidth use).
Scaling needs a different solution.
Under Lightning individual UTXOs will have shared ownership. Currently channels have two owners, but later with channel factories we will have even larger number of owners of a UTXO, negotiating with other owners to get their funds mobile. So while it may be impractical to move amounts of very small value onchain, combining the movements with several others allows everyone to split the onchain fees.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:29:56
What am I gonna do??
@_date: 2019-07-08 08:10:48
When you "send to whoever" do you get a Bitcoin address, like a `1....` or a `3....` or a `bc1q....`?  If so you can just send directly to it from coinbase.
@_date: 2019-07-11 07:21:19
Practical hardware backdoors require possession of the hardware device.  Protect the hardware device and no number of hardware backdoors can get the seed from your device.
Now you might wonder, how about if the device is connected to an Internet-connected computer?  Then I would say, look at the source code of Electrum (supports Trezor) or Wasabi (supports Ledger) and see if there is any way for a third party to bypass Electrum/Wasabi and directly communicate with the device on the USB port.  If not, then use Electrum/Wasabi, and you can ensure that any backdoors possible via USB port connection will not work because Electrum/Wasabi is communicating with the device.
@_date: 2019-07-02 07:30:52
So it discovers a discrepancy between servers.  How does it judge which server is correct?  Hashpower? That's the problem.  Only way is to run through the blockchains and checking, i.e. downloading entire blocks to validate them, i.e. fullnoding.
It's the same as pointing your light wallet to your own server that runs its own fullnode: you've backtracked from "SPV yay!" to "looks like we need a fullnode after all".
@_date: 2019-07-08 08:46:26
Bitpay is a centralized service, and most such services will waive fees when paying to another user of the same service.  This is a strategy to get you to keep using their centralized service, which lets them get some control (i.e. the ability to censor certain transactions if they don't want them to get through).  This is **against** what Bitcoin was initially built for, which is to be decentralized so that nobody can censor transactions.  I would still suggest not giving them that control --- they can always ban you from paying, even if they do not ban iptv or debrid --- not your keys, not your coins.
@_date: 2019-07-01 10:07:51
Breaking news: Water, wet?
@_date: 2019-07-08 07:35:29
You can spend (offchain) Bitcoin to get (onchain) Bitcoin, that's what the Lightning Loop thing does.
@_date: 2019-07-08 22:34:25
Depending how you set it up, your db might only contain a derivation path or tweak from some seed that is (in theory) storable in some intelligent hardware. The intelligent hardware only signs with the seed + tweak if you have some proof that it is channel activity that is legitimate (HTLC failure, incoming HTLC, outgoing HTLC triggered by incoming HTLC on a diff channel, or outgoing HTLC initiated by the owner). The C-Lightning db is structured this way.
So in theory your db could contain only tweaks of a keypair and not the channel privkey itself. Mostly theoretical now though. And the HW seed backup is presumably easier to secure than a db backup, if only because the HW seed can fit on paper.
@_date: 2019-07-18 07:32:53
Not yet.  They *do* enable this, but there's still additional work to be done (current `txprepare` only allows one destination, need `fundchannel_cancel` to work after `fundchannel_complete` to back off in case the second stage of one of the counterparties fails).
It's planned: 
@_date: 2019-07-09 01:53:09


Yes, and that's also why throwing your commitment transaction to *only* the hardware device is still dangerous in terms of backing up the current state of the channel.
So you have two backups:
* A paper backup of the HW seed.
* A continuous DB backup of the current state.
Getting a copy of the DB backup won't let someone steal your channel funds outright (because not enough info to reconstruct the privkey) but if those are Poon-Dryja channels your most hated enemy will just broadcast the old commitments stored in the DB.
....and I just now realized there's another reason why stealing just the DB (but not the node pubkey's privkey) is not enough to steal the channels: the channel counterparty is also another signatory.  So your most hated enemy will have to go contact each of your counterparties and split up your funds with them and the counterparties might actually have moral principles beyond mere economic gain, and your most hated enemy might just decide that they hate you enough that publishing old state (equivalent to going to your counterparties and giving all your funds to them and keeping nothing for your most hated enemy) is enough, because they hate you that much.  Or in simpler terms: your hated enemy might prefer to frame you for theft than to try to connive with your counterparties to rob you.
@_date: 2019-07-16 08:41:30
Not necessarily thieves --- some of them could be people accidentally (or deliberately) using old state on Lightning and then finding that yes, the punishment infrastructure does in fact work.
@_date: 2019-07-12 03:46:41
It uses any standard hash function, if that's collision resistant, then it's also collision resistant.
@_date: 2019-07-17 08:41:33
Why close it?  Do you need $10 onchain right now?  Yes? Then consider that the fee is going to be very high when you spend that $10 elsewhere.  No?  Then keep the channel open and earn routing fees.
@_date: 2019-07-10 08:05:03
I largely agree that reduction in government control would in general be good.  More automated systems for ensuring that free markets can operate without "unfairness" (slavery, coercion, sabotage...) would help reduce the places where government is currently needed (I see Lightning as a perfect example of this paradigm), but I imagine some sort of enforcement at the physical layer will always remain a necessity (i.e. protection against $5 wrench attacks), and enforcement at the physical layer is always the threat of violence, as perfect protection in the physical layer requires perfect detachment from the physical layer: even if possible, it would be useless.
I believe this position is sometimes called "minarchism" (i.e. reduce government to the minimum needed) to oppose it to the widely-perceived dog-eat-dog nonsense of anarchism.
The main issue I perceive is that humans have evolved in an environment where some "big man" calls the shots; and what is government but the ultimate "big man"?  Getting people to move from monarchies to democracies was tough enough, and both still have a "big man" at the top.  We will have to forever fight this evolved instinct.
Ah well.  One thing at a time, for me, I suppose.  I shall develop Bitcoin, and if I have the time and the stamina later on, lemme see what I can do for  the rest of the problems the world has.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:00:42
Limits on the value of channels impose a limit on how much you can steal (current spec-defined limits are 167.77215 mBTC -&gt; the 1.0BTC+ channels announced between some businesses can exist only because the businesses are trusting each other to not be thieves, and to strongly prefer a continuous earning partnership than to start launching physical attacks at each other).  Further, nodes can refuse to accept an incoming channel request that is lower than the current spec-defined limit (this lowers their maximum liability in case of an active attack like what you are describing).


All it takes is one surviving watchtower that they fail to find, and they lose the money in the channel.


The business can only steal by publishing old state that has more money to their side, so in your scenario as described, they can't steal anything at all (all older states will have more value to your side than the latest state).  They can't just arbitrarily steal the entire channel unless they do something like receive 0.99 BTC through your channel, then send it back out, so you need to add that to your scenario first.  Note also the reserve requirements, typically 1%, that's why I indicated 0.99 BTC.


WTF.  Kidnapping your loved ones and holding them for ransom would let them get the full amount just as easily, without even having to locate and shut down any watchtowers --- you'd "voluntarily" just send the amount to them.  This applies whether you keep your funds in a cold onchain wallet or on Lightning, BTW: kidnapping for ransom is still a thing.
I mean if you have no loved ones, then sure --- have fun playing with your entire perfectly secure onchain money with your loveless life.
Lesson learned is not to make big channels to anyone, it's not "avoid Lightning Network at all costs because $5 wrench attack".
@_date: 2019-07-18 06:48:03
[Ongoing, why do you ask? Do you intend to help implement it?](
@_date: 2019-07-11 07:59:34


Because it's "cool", and a buzzword.  Savvy researchers live and die on how they can spin their research around buzzwords.
Tweaking an algorithm is not cool.  Call it "Machine Learning" because you add another algorithm to perform the tweaking for you, and it becomes cool and you get funding.
Miniaturizing a circuit is not cool.  Call it "quantum computing" because quantum tunneling effects and how to bypass them are the next problem preventing the next smaller feature size improvement, and it becomes cool and you get funding.
Be careful not to confuse "quantum computing because it's got quantum effects somewhere in it and if we put 'qubit' somewhere we'll get funding" vs "actually increasing the number of practical qubits you can compute Shor's algorithm with".
@_date: 2019-07-09 07:09:05
I don't understand the general wife-hatred elsewhere on this post.  If you hate your wives so much why marry them in the first place?
I mean think about it.  Your wife is only going to leave you if she's getting better dick elsewhere, really.  And she's growing older, so the chances of getting better dick than yours is steadily dropping.  However, as time goes by, the value of the BTC you are HODLing is staedily increasing, so it becomes even less likely your wife will leave you (because your dick's quality is proportional to your BTC HODLing value, I mean every male here gets a hardon when Bitcoin price rises amiright, and as time goes by your dick is becoming better while she's less and less likely to get better dick than yours).
I guess it's another thing if your wife catches you dipping your dick elsewhere, but maybe try to talk to her first before you even try doing that and steadily convince her that dipping your dick elsewhere is fine as long as it's fine by her and besides, your BTC HODLings are making your dick so big it won't fit in just her by now, maybe you can both find someone to help her handle your dick or something, openness and communication is key.
I mean women like dick, just keep dicking her and she won't leave you.
@_date: 2019-07-12 10:10:20
Okay, fine.  You're slightly better than a BCasher now.  Now go get some BCashers and put them in BTrash stat!
@_date: 2019-07-16 03:40:20
HODL until you absolutely need the money.  Otherwise, keep putting a constant amount (in fiat terms) in.
Ignore the price at any moment.  Do that and the probability of you earning becomes pretty good.  You won't get 10x gains in a year, but you'll get 2x-&gt;3x gains after a few years, which is pretty good considering you'd get like 15%-&gt;20% higher on a stock index in the same time frame.
DISCLAIMER THIS FINANCIAL ADVICE IS PROVIDED WITH NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:56:08
HTLCs can encode a trade option: 
Do note that your coins will be locked during the option period, though.
@_date: 2019-07-08 10:24:47
It's a softfork.  It uses the existing softfork versioned-SegWit machinery that was specifically placed there to enable adding softforks easily.  And where is your reasoning that 4mb "is not a lot and wont make it more centralized"?
@_date: 2019-07-09 06:58:26
SECP256K1 will be hackable only if quantum computers with 256 qubit buses (buses, not total of qubits used, meaning total qubits used will be much larger) become practical.
Until then, SECP256K1 is plenty secure.
Secondly, changing to a quantum-secure algorithm such as some lattice-based signature schemes is easy now because SegWit includes a script version, which allows easily switching to a quantum-secure algorithm by allocating a new SegWit version for it.
It's unlikely that the discrete log problem will be broken anytime soon, since quantum decoherence is a thing, meaning there is likely to be a practical maximum size to quantum computers, which might very well end up being too small to actually break SECP256K1.
@_date: 2019-07-05 06:20:24
Inflationary currencies, as you claim, are supposed to "make sure people actually trade" instead of hoarding money, on the idea that this "fuels our economy and society"
Here's a bunch of problems with inflation:
* *Even if* we grant that inflation is good, there is the problem of *moral hazard*.  The people who decide how much to inflate this year tend to be the ones who get to use and decide how to spend the newly-minted funds.  Unless the people who decide how much to inflate are people of incorruptible pure pureness who will, never, in a million years, think to abuse this power, even if the whores sucking their cocks are asking them to buy them more jewels... then I hope you understand why inflation simply cannot be made to work, regardless of what truth-value the "make sure people actually trade" theory might have.
* People trade not because they think "oh no, next year if I buy a Big Mac it will be 4% more expensive because of the state-mandated 4% inflation rate, so I should buy a Big Mac now instead of waiting next year to buy a Big Mac".  They trade because they think "I'm hungry, and that Big Mac looks mighty delicious right now".  They trade to get needs and wants *now*, because if you are unable to keep your needs and wants now, then you may very well starve to death tomorrow, and as they say, "you can't take it with you".
* Many useful things require a sizeable investment before you can actually start making anything useful.  Pig farms are useful.  They cost land, a pigsty to put the pigs in, and some pigs.  Those cost money.  If I want to be a pig farmer and I'm not the son or daughter of an existing pig farmer, I probably have to save up some money first, because the costs of buying those aren't trivial.  And it would not be useful for me to, say, buy some pigs without buying the land and pigsty at nearly the same time too, just as buying a pigsty without any pigs just means I'm wasting maintenance costs (and land / property taxes) on the land and sty without pigs.  That means I have to, you know, HODL my money for a while until I earn enough to buy the whole pig farm.  And because of inflation, money I HODL in worthless fiat currencies is money that will lose its purchasing power over time, meaning it takes longer for me to save up for the whole pig farm because of inflation.
  * Sure, I could just get a loan.  Except the loan is always always always structured as a bet: if I can't present the loan amount in fiat currency, then (in all likelihood) the lender repossesses my pig farm.  And the value of the pig farm in total might be much larger than the loan by itself, meaning I would lose money, simply because I am unable to present the fiat amount (for example, if I am having some difficulty getting my pigs to market now (maybe they're still a little young), but if I wait a little while, I could bring them to market and earn much more than the loan amount I have to pay back).  So a loan adds more risk on top of the risk of me, a fat mid-30s programmer who has never been near a farm, actually trying to start a frickin' pig farm.  Banks earn money and build their nice buildings on the back of such bets, so in general you can assume that it would be a sucker bet to get a loan from a bank, unless you're a really really good pig farmer (or whatever you are loaning for).
But the real problem, the most important one, is the first: those who decide the inflation rate decide what to do with the new funds.  This is a moral hazard, and no amount of sugarcoating should make you accept inflation based on that.
@_date: 2019-07-16 03:32:14
Coin privacy services, such as JoinMarket and Wasabi.  Get a tainted coin, pass it through JoinMarket/Wasabi.  Heck, don't even wait for a tainted coin: just always wash your coins regardless.
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:56:19
The problem is that in practice, light wallets are programmed to follow only *one* particular server, the server that the wallet developer provides.  Changing this server is often a rather technical process.  You may need to run your own server, but in that case you are no longer actually doing light wallet --- you are now spending resources to run your own server with its own fullnode and your "light" wallet is now just an authorization key.
So yes --- if you have some server you can trust to be true to what you believe Bitcoin should be, that mitigates the argument.  But now you either have to DYOR on which server really really does follow what you believe Bitcoin to be (and not just *claiming* to follow "your" Bitcoin), or run your own fullnode and server, the latter case being you upgrading your light wallet to a fullnode wallet and thus, giving up on lightness.
@_date: 2019-07-03 04:59:35
Then you are still trusting the seed nodes are not compromised.  So it ends up being "how trusting you are".  Bitcoin's model is that not even the seed nodes can be trusted.  While that means your will be unable to progress (you will be unable to find any nodes compatible with you) at initial block download, that should be enough encouragement for you to begin looking, by other means, for nodes that *are* compatible with yours and connecting them to your fullnode manually.
@_date: 2019-07-05 06:24:45
Feerates are set by the channel creator, but feerate changes can be rejected by the other side (by closing unilaterally with the current feerate).  This also prevents this related attack: if the attacker starts with an unreasonable feerate, the peer will not even let the channel open at all.  If the attacker starts with a feerate the peer finds acceptable, then the peer gets a unilateral close tx with that acceptable feerate (as the first commitment transaction made during channel opening).  If the attacker then attempts to drop the feerate to below a reasonable fee (1sat/sipa), the peer will reject the change in feerate (i.e. will not sign a new set of commitment transactions) and drop the current unilateral close tx (which has the reasonable feerate that was agreed before) onchain.
A passive attacker can do nasty things to your channel if you open to it, but assuming most of the network is not trying to attack you, then you can just pick a node at random and the probability of you making a channel to a trolling node is not very high.  That's why active attacks are closed and why "initiator pays" principle is held.
Also, a precision: the node that ***unilaterally*** closes the channel ***cannot*** use CPFP, because their output is CSV-locked.  By the time they can spend that output, it has already been confirmed by some number of blocks.  There's a related attack about forcing your peer to unilaterally close (which will be closed "soon" by some definition of "soon"), but that's kinda out-of-scope of this discussion.
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:44:04
Lack of jobs locally is caused by lack of local startups is caused by lack of savings is caused by high inflation.
Talent and customers go to foreign companies, primarily the USA and other first-world countries.
USD and EUR have much lower inflation rates than fiat in third-world countries.  The inflation they get is partially a tax on the savings earned by their companies in hiring third-worlders for cheap (because a "low" salary in a first-world country is a "big" salary in third-world countries).  The inflation they get partially goes into improving social conditions and government service, making it even more attractive for smart, talented people in third world countries to emigrate there.
Accelerating brain drain reduces startups in third-world countries further, further reducing local jobs, further accelerating brain drain.
Third-world governments, desperate to retain talent, start increasing taxes and inflation in an attempt to get better government services and social conditions to retain talent.  Lack of local investors means government give concessions (tax breaks, which have to be made up for by increasing local tax/inflation) to foreign interests in investing into the country, in an attempt to get more jobs and again stem the brain drain.
Bitcoin stopping inflation reduces this cycle.  Further, as a global Internet-based money, it enables the possibility of smart, talented people staying in their third world country to work for Bitcoins for foreign customers, with no foreign investors to be paid (freelance work).  As uncensorable money foreign governments cannot slow down capital flight from customers in first world countries to providers in third world countries (bank charges for sending money to third-world countries is higher than Bitcoin fees, and Bitcoin is not subject to nosy government agents asking if you're paying terrorist in third-world countries).  This makes the world a little bit fairer.  These workers, earning and saving in Bitcoin, accumulate capital, and become potential angel investors in their own countries, enabling local job markets to flourish, and further stemming brain drain.
@_date: 2019-07-11 01:45:35
Is that an absolute, such that a non-sith never deals in absolutes?
@_date: 2019-07-05 10:08:12
No. You still have a quota of Bcash trolls to trash young man.
@_date: 2019-07-11 07:31:44
Saving money in Bitcoin ***is*** using it.
I spend with my fiat because I still earn fiat.  I'm trying to get into a job that might pay me BTC instead but until then, I'll just park my savings in Bitcoin.
Not everyone has the ability to just switch over to earning money in Bitcoin.  But everyone *does* have the ability to save money in Bitcoin.  So that's where we start with.
@_date: 2019-07-08 09:14:04
Should be, but if so you won't get fee-free transfers to other bitpay wallets then, it's the tradeoff you get for control of your coin.  Still I'd mildly prefer Wasabi because of its serious commitment to privacy, though that's not yet available on mobile.
@_date: 2019-07-13 02:57:54
Downfacing head with neck cut, sure sign of an upturning market.
@_date: 2019-07-09 02:00:58




C-Lightning has a software "hardware" security module (`hsmd`).  The hope is that the interface to this  *software* component will eventually be implementable in hardware... someday :P Currently the `hsmd` is very trusting of the software and would mostly just sign whatever is given to it on a given "hardware" interface (different clients get different capabilities, and C-lightning itself has multiple processes with varying capabilities it can request of the `hsmd`).  Maybe someday the interface will require some kind of proofs that the request is valid, but not yet today.
@_date: 2019-07-12 22:03:53
Oh, looks like I dropoed a /s, this is vitally important of course.
@_date: 2019-07-30 11:14:27
It will remain approximately the same but reduce the number of fullnodes.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:34:26
Fine, but something to take note of:
* SPV.  Modern "SPV" is not the same as the SPV described ("hoped for") in the original whitepaper.  The original SPV is completely dependent on the honesty of miners, and wanted to do honesty by the use of "fraud proofs".  Only one "fraud proof" was ever developed and that was to [ensure the block size limit](
  * Fraud proofs only work if you never expect to softfork a new feature in, ever.  But such a design goal would be foolish: you need to update with the times at some point.
  * Modern "SPV" is mostly dependent on the honesty of those running the SPV servers.  Under Electrum this is pretty good since there's a large selection of such servers that you can use, and they are unlikely to be owned by miners.
  * Miner-dependency is bad because large miners have an incentive to inflate the currency beyond the rules set.  Only the 0-hashpower miners (i.e. non-mining fullnodes) keep this in check.  In practice most SPV servers are non-mining fullnodes, so that generally closes the inflation issue.
@_date: 2019-07-09 03:37:08
Ethereum broke its principles quite soon after launch; that suggests to me that it has no principles even today, and thus not worth investing in.
The Internet (and I mean the people building the Internet, i.e. w3c-type engineering folks, not 4chan memers) has the Principle of Least Power.
Basically: use the language with the least power -- those that are more declarative and less imperative.  i.e. use HTML+CSS, avoid JavaScript as much as you can.
With least power, you have better analyzability.
Analyzability is important because this helps you catch bugs.  Consider that Ethereum has already reversed some transactions simply because of bugs within smart contracts within the platform.  Further, that's only for "big", commonly-used smart contracts; imagine what random bugs remain hidden and unfixed in less popular smart contracts in Ethereum.
With the richer language provided by Ethereum, basic operations take more blockspace to describe (simple consequence of having more possible operations to transcribe).  For a cash, basic operations like signatures are significantly more important than more complex operations, and more complex operations should be avoided from a Principle of Least Power perspective.
@_date: 2019-07-05 04:19:56
Still doesn't matter, because the numbers involved are huge.
There are 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 possible seeds for 12-word wallets.  Assuming there are currently 10,000,000,000 wallets with *some* funds, do you think it matters, in your lifetime, whether you are taking a 10,000,000,000 in 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 chance or a 1 in 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 chance for each roll of the die?  I mean just look at the lengths of those numbers, and despair.
@_date: 2019-07-13 23:52:56
The Bitcoin Wiki is a good place to start: 
You could try trawling through the archives of  , where a lot of early discussion happened.
@_date: 2019-07-04 09:45:03
Why draw a line between an automated system of aggregating multiple thought-agents ("wisdom of crowd") from... well, I dunno, a neural network most probably (which aggregates the computed result of multiple sub-networks in order to provide a singular judgment)?
There's not a lot of distinction here actually.
@_date: 2019-07-19 03:21:00
This is the ***spec*** repo where the three main companies Lightning Labs, Blockstream, and ACINQ work together to make a common spec.
You can find the individual implementations on github by searching for them. `lnd`, `c-lightning`, `eclair`.
@_date: 2019-07-19 01:19:58
Note that  still has to be resolved, else large-scale multifunds can be failed by one party and then you'd have trouble making channels with the other counterparties.
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:28:48
Like said --- it's not infinitely scalable.  I estimate LN by itself gives between 10x to 1000x scaling, depending on how many payments you make per channel you open.  Channel factories barely add another 10x.  That's all without a blocksize increase, mind you; a mere 2x blockize increase will provide less &lt; 2x scaling because of the extra `OP_RETURN` spam that will invite.  So in terms of resources used to effect?  LN wins, hands down, over every other scaling tech.  Sidechains? Are blockchains too, so they have the same problems as blockchains (i.e. large bandwidth consumption).  Blocksize increase? Same, large bandwidth consumption.  Only offchain techniques can let us escape the blockchain bandwidth trap!
@_date: 2019-07-11 04:29:09


LOL.  You have no idea.  The Internet was being built waaaay back in the late 70s and early 80s, that's why you have really old hackers like Clifford Stoll [writing about his discovery of an Internet hacking attempt in the 80s](  AOL wasn't "early" in any way or form.  Bitcoin *is* the Internet: slowly designed, with literally generations of engineers sweating over every aspect, developing in the background away from the eyes of the public until decades after its initial conception.
I'd compare Ethereum to the Lisp Machines of the 80's: theoretically superior to plain old Unix boxes, practically crap and of little interest today.
@_date: 2019-07-31 09:38:38
Yeah, because apparently we third-worlders are not bitcoiners ("different" 1st world country, eh?)
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:09:49
If you died without buying any hookers, and blackjack, from BTC earnings, you're doing it wrong. i.e. use common sense.
HODL simply means holding until you need it, not holding until something makes you panic and you sell because "price is going down ho no".
If you need to spend the money for something valuable to you, more valuable than the bitcoin is, then trade it for what you value.
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:57:52
Trustless mixing systems already exist (Joinmarket, Wasabi).  Any half-competent criminal will use it.  Some ransomware writers put their earnings into Joinmarket, for example.
The fact that transactions onchain are publicly visible is an accident of the implementation.  In principle all we *really* needed was to verify that all transaction outputs + tx fee add up equal to the transaction inputs.  Easiest way to implement that was to openly show the amounts involved, however we've since discovered (***after*** Bitcoin was invented) that we could have instead used various cryptographic constructs (Pedersen Commitments).
Still, the goal of Bitcoin was to be private, which is why addresses do not include identifying information.  That's why efforts to reclaim privacy from the accidental privacy leak, like Joinmarket and Wasabi, exist and are strongly supported.
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:13:58
Stop comparing LN to custodial institutions: it's not custodial and it's not an institution.
A better analogy is this:
* There exists a perfectly impartial incorruptible court-of-law that only handles financial instruments.  (This court-of-law is the blockchain.)
* You have money registered in this court-of-law. (You have money stored in an onchain address.)
* You agree with another person to use this money backed by a contract registered in this court-of-law: changes in the balance require the agreement of both of you, the initial balance is that you own all the money, and if somebody attempts to register a balance that is not the latest, that person forfeits all rights to their money.  (You put the money into a LN channel)
* In your normal operations, you don't need to bring every change in the balance between you and your counterparty to court, just as in your normal day-to-day work, you don't need to go to a court first before you start working for your employer for that day; you have a contract already and both of you just operate according to the contract. (Transfers in LN are offchain.)
* Only in case of something very abnormal, equivalent to your employer not paying your salary or your employee slacking off regularly, do you need to actually bring the contract to court and sue your counterparty. (Theft attempts on Lightning are punishable onchain.)
Lightning is not an institution, the only "institution"-like thing here is the perfect incorruptible court-of-law called the blockchain, and Lightning is ***not*** the blockchain (or anything like one).  But rather than always going to court for every transfer of funds, you create a contract that lets you bring somebody to court if the other side does not comply with the rules of the contract, thus scaling up the rule of law.
* Just as you can create a contract with anybody, you can create a channel with anybody.  You don't have to create a channel with any institution.
* Somebody can steal from you and if you don't bring them to court, you will lose the funds.  The trick is to always be online so you can bring them to court ASAP.
* Since changes in channel balance can only occur if ***both*** of you agree, the counterparty cannot change the balance without your agreement.  The counterparty needs your signature, and your signature requires your keys.  Your keys, your coins.
@_date: 2019-07-02 04:05:05


This is roughly equivalent to Bitcoin fullnodes maintaining a database of *unspent* electronic coins (the UTXO set).  That's basically just a dual: you know all the coins that exist, so it's only a matter of whether you are storing spent coins or unspent ones.
The decentralization magic is to publish the record to everybody and have everybody validate it (i.e. a blockchain) and to make extending the record expensive so it's hard to rewrite a historical record.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:53:04
You misunderstand how watchtowers do this "ensuring".  They do this ensuring by *revoking* old state that a client publishes onchain.  Clients never get *any* state data from watchtowers, that's not what watchtowers do.
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:14:54
It is not easily hackable if you are thinking of brute-force attacks: the space for 12 words is 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 possibilities.
However, if you store it on your computer and your computers= has a virus (and if you're running Windows, having one is inevitable) that virus can indeed read your phrases and it doesn't matter if you have 12 or 24 or 300 words.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:35:41
Yeah, but centralized solutions are not even under consideration at all: those are out of scope non-solutions, bringing in a drawback that is simply unacceptable.  So the only viable scaling method for Bitcoin is Lightning.
@_date: 2019-07-18 07:39:05
This is the spec repo.  You probably expect this to complete first before the actual implementations even begin anything that isn't just some experimental code in some experimental non-production branch somewhere.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:53:07


No, it's impossible.
The only Physics-based proof you can have that two places are distant in space is a proof that it takes a long time to transmit information from one place to the other, due to speed-of-light limitations on data transmission.
Suppose we were to derive such a proof somehow (exercise left to the reader).
Then I, big evil China-man miner, can make a false proof-of-distance by artificially adding unnecessary delays between the two miners in my rectum.  Because I'm a tight-ass, the physical distance between them is tiny, but by adding sufficient delay, I can make them look like they're spread out over the entire solar system.
Thus there is no way you can prove (without trusting anything other than the laws of Physics) that two locations are physically distant.
@_date: 2019-07-08 07:54:43
No mentor Monday?
@_date: 2019-07-30 04:15:54
On Lightning, paid invoices reveal a secret known only to the payee (merchant), which is committed to via a hash in the LN invoice.  Invoices are also digitally signed, thus creation of an invoice with a valid signature is proof that the payee generated the invoice.  Thus, if the invoice indicates "deliver 100 items to SoundShadowZ" and you are able to show the secret preimage, that is proof that you paid for those 100 items.
Now how the merchant can prove that it delivered those 100 items to you, I don't know, but on LN you can prove that you paid an invoice that was issued by a specific entity.
@_date: 2019-07-18 06:32:27
The Earth is big, and the sun can only shine on one half of it at a time.
Bitcoin will abide.
@_date: 2019-07-12 10:04:50
No Ruby Rose?  Man you are evil.  Even worse than a BCasher.
@_date: 2019-07-03 04:55:46


Public channels are channels that are published to other nodes so that they can route through it.  If a payer doesn't know of your channel, how is it going to route through it?  If nobody knows your channel, how in the world are you going to earn fees from other people routing their payments through your channel if nobody except the two of you know about it?
Without public channels ***there is no Lightning Network***.
Public channels need to attest to their existence by publishing the funding transaction output, because like I said, to prevent nodes from attacking the network by spamming nonexistent channels.


Because it's ***twice the price***, and like I said, making attacks costly is a pretty good way of discouraging attacks.  $5 wrench attacks are not literally going to cost $5 only, you have to hire the goons handling the wrench, the getaway vehicle, bribes, etc. etc.  It may be practical to attack to gain $199, impractical to attack to gain (on average) $100.  Reducing the expected payoff can be enough to discourage the attack.
@_date: 2019-07-04 01:27:31
They classically haven't been.  However, note that most faucets have *greatly* diminished their drips to something like a dozen satoshi every day or so.  And the few that are left are attached to potentially-addictive gambling games, which while not *scams* per se are, of course, rigged to benefit the house.
@_date: 2019-07-07 09:57:22
Current LN impls monitor the feerate and close channels preemptively. This is sometimes a cause of network shocks since the different impls calculate feerate differently. Impls now are a bit more lenient about this and give counterparties some time to adjust the feerates in case it's a different impl, but in any case it is automatic.
@_date: 2019-07-04 10:10:34
In actual code, when a Bitcoin Core node removes a block from its tip, it puts the transactions back into its mempool.  Even if it has to remove several dozens of blocks, all of those will be put into its mempool (this may make it evict some transactions if it runs out of memory for mempool transactions though).
So at least *some* of those transactions will remain in the mempools of some nodes of the losing side, ready for propagation to nodes of the winning side, where they are likely to be reinserted into new blocks.
@_date: 2019-07-11 11:04:14


You don't need *unlimited* channels, you just need a few of them.


Or make channels to multiple peers.  No need to go hub-and-spoke; the network doesn't require it.




Massively incorrect.  A check is done at each update of the channel, by both sides of the channel, before invalidating old state.  Your node indicates its acceptance of the new update (your node is responsible for ensuring that the new state is valid and that the balance is true and correct) before signing the new state and invalidating the old state.




Closing does have a cost, but as mentioned above, you vastly misunderstand the reason for enforcing by closing channels onchain.
You do not need to close in order to validate: you only need to close if your node counterparty is playing silly buggers with you and giving you bad sums.  Then you close on the most recent valid state.  That enforces correct behavior.  But enforcement does not always require going to the blockchain to settle.
Consider how in practice,  ordinary humans create our own laws by the simple act of drafting and signing paper contracts.  If we see a contract violation, we first try to settle out-of-court (== offchain).  If negotiation goes bad, we bring it to court (== close and force onchain).  In typical everyday operation, you might have a contract with your employer, yet you don't have to go to a court everyday when you go to work: you just work things out with your employer, and only when gross and/or persistent violations of the contract terms exist do you bring them to court.  The intent of Lightning is similar: the blockchain is the court of law, the contract formed by the Lightning Network peers is enforced between them, and only violations of the contract need to be brought to court (i.e. force a closure onchain).
This potentially allows you to live your entire life on a number of Lightning channels, getting paid your income over Lightning and spending it out over time in exchange for what you need.  This is scaling that is difficult to quantify, but you potentially could move 100x to 1000x transactions over Lightning for only two onchain transactions.  By your math that 1000x scaling supports 950Million doing 10 transactions per month.
The next step is Channel Factories, where multiple people generate channels in a sub-network of the LN (and still connected to the wider LN via channels: when we say "sub-network" here we're just saying that some channels on LN are related in that they happen to be inside the same channel factory, they're **not** some separate network that has interfacing frictions with the "real" LN,), with only a single onchain transaction attesting to the creation of this entire sub-network.  This can potentially scale up the blockchain, without a blocksize increase, up to 10x more (if say a dozen or so users join in Channel Factory creation events, thats 10x the people who can use the same amount of block space for their LN transactions), letting you scale 9.5Billion users doing 10 transactions per month.
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:38:21


If the channel is public (which is the most likely way it could be used for remote routing), the nodes publish the transaction and output number of the UTXO backing it.  This is a simple way to deter gossip spam: channels need to actually have UTXO backing it, and spending that UTXO causes all nodes to remove it from their routemaps.
The transaction and output number contains how many satoshis are in the channel, publicly visible on the very public Bitcoin ledger.


Just because I have a bunch of $200 channels does not mean I own $200 on each channel.  It could be that they were made by LNBIG-type nodes who are just in it for giving liquidity for Lightning.
If I admit that I actually only own $1 on each of those channels, then I admit that the LNBIG-type nodes on the other end of those channels owns $199, which could be sizeable enough that remote attackers decide to hit the LNBIG-type nodes with a $5 wrench.  That's.... kinda not good.  I mean the LNBIG-type node did this to support the network, and because I blabbed about my capacity, I made them into targets?
Now admittedly that does mean the attackers might want to try to figure out which of us has more on the $200 channel, but this should at least be costly, and that means probing and probing (and probably one or the other of us will just `temporary_channel_failure` in case of this repeated probing and probing).
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:09:13
Sure, I'll release it so.
Post text Copyright 2019 Alan Manuel K. Gloria. Released under CC-BY.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:02:31
Always remember that luck is a stronger effect than most people are willing to accept.  If you happened to be born such that you have gene that prevents your IQ from going above 70, that is through no fault of your own; no-one stole your birthright in getting the average 100 IQ; or if anyone did (e.g. if your mother drank while pregnant with you, or your parents debated with idiots on reddit so often it affected their genetics) they should be punished but not you; yet it is still you that must suffer your lifelong impairment of having a max of 70 IQ.
But for average to be average, for every unlucky person there must be a lucky one.  Maybe you were instead born in a wealthy family with doctors safeguarding every step of your mother's pregnancy and able to hire teachers so early you could read at 1.5 years old and perform advanced calculus at 3.  Yet such advantages were given to you and you had no inherent right to it, just as someone born to a drunkard mother with a max IQ of 70 had no inherent crime to deserve that punishment.
In both cases, think: there, but for the grace of the universe, go you.
This is the thought that lies behind the desire to take from the rich and give to the poor: in many cases, the only difference between "rich" and "poor" is how lucky you were born to be.  It does not arise from a position of evil, of saying "I am an evil person, therefore I want to tear down the rich burgoisie who worked hard for their position for no reason other than to be evil".
Now I understand the other view also, which is that, if all humans are truly to be considered equal, then what they end up with in life is only the consequence of their own decisions.  If two humans of equal IQ 100 and with equal upbringing and similar early career opportunities end up differently in life, then it can only be the fault of the poor one for making choices that squandered his or her opportunities, and he or she would definitely have no right to the rewards rightly given to the other.  I do in fact agree, that if such a situation can be found, that indeed, it would be theft, and evil, to take the resources of the richer to give to the poorer.
Yet how often does that happen, compared to two individuals, one born in poverty with few opportunities to improve their situation, the other born in wealth with opportunities that others cannot have, leading to different life consequences?
Understand that nearly every political position is a position driven by human inherent need to perceive some kind of "fairness".  To paint your opponent as being an insane human who cannot understand the fairness of your position, is to forever remain puzzled at what your perceived opponent says.  Understand that in the end, all politics is about the definition of what is fair, and never about making things unfair, and free yourself from the political prison that has been built to trap your mind.
@_date: 2019-07-08 10:28:12
*sigh*.  This ***is*** getting Lightning working for the masses.
See: 
Schnorr lets us switch over to using payment points + scalars (instead of current payment hashes + preimages).  We could also switch to payment points + scalars if we use 2p-ECDSA, but see the link for tradeoffs involved if we do 2p-ECDSA now vs Schnorr later.
As a recap of what I already wrote in the above link, payment points + scalars enables the following new features (which are ***not available*** with the current payment hashes + preimages):
* "stuckless" payments, more accurately "parallel payment attempts", so that payment attempts can be safely done in parallel and faster.
* Path decorrelation, improving privacy.
* Non-custodial escrow over Lightning, enabling certain trades that involve real-world goods.
All of those, but in particular "stuckless" payments, gets Lightning working for the masses easily.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:41:39
No, but he *is* comparing what would have happened if he invested the social security into stocks and bonds, and how much (at retirement) he would get in the expected appreciation of those stocks and bonds in one year ($95k), comparing it to one year of social security ($37.5k).
So comparing one year of stocks+bonds appreciation interest to one year of social security payments is certainly valid.  He ignores that part of this is taxed because of hedges against uncertainty (can't always get 5% appreciation each year, macro-economic global processes that a government might have little or no control over might screw you over) and other issues, etc., but the comparison at least is sound.
@_date: 2019-07-11 04:33:54
[Baby (adjective-modifier) organs (musical instrument noun)](
@_date: 2019-07-19 01:55:30
*facepalm* the universe doesn't work that way.TANSTAAFL
@_date: 2019-07-11 23:08:04
Pieter Wuille and Andrew Poelstra are the top mathists employed by Blockstream.  They are employed because they are very good at math (if Blockstream didn't hire them some other company would).  Since they are very good at math, they often make proposals to add to Bitcoin Core that actually manage to pass review of hundreds of other mathists (some independent, some hired by other companies, some doing PhDs and trying to make a name for themselves by hunting down some flaw in some proposal), and later by thousands of engineers (again with a variety of employers) who go over how the proposals will actually get implemented.  Thus they have strong influence on the direction of Bitcoin development; but note that they do so only because all the other mathists and engineers checking their work agree that the work is damn good.  Many of their proposals end up getting massively modified along the way too, over a lot of discussion (some visible on the  or  IRC channels, some visible on bitcoin-dev mailinglist, some visible on bitcoin/bitcoin PRs on github, some just private / face-to-face discussions in various conferences) stretching over months and years.
TLDR: Blockstream is influential, but not infinitely so.  Much of their influence comes from being good at their maths.
@_date: 2019-07-04 02:30:00
Any chance to get 's JIT-Routing into some Bitcoin Optech newsletter?
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:18:28
@_date: 2019-07-19 03:22:04
Yes, it's possible to do that with bitcoin core I believe.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:56:01
If you can't enforce the contract on-chain, you can't enforce it on L2 and above.
Since Bitcoin will refuse to enforce any contract that includes inflation, you can't enforce any L2 tech that includes inflation.  If you try the L2 system will simply break down into an unbacked fiat arrangement.
@_date: 2019-07-11 07:52:02


Do it.
Disclaimer: THIS ADVICE COMES WITH NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  USE THIS ADVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:40:34
Given a very limited number of nodes a forwarding node is connected to.  Suppose we have a tiny sub-network F, E, and M, with public channels to each other.  Suppose F only connects to L (some random node on the LN), E, and M.
Let us start with roughly balanced channels all around F, E, and M.  F receives a forwarding attempt from L-&gt;F-&gt;E, beyond the capacity of the F&lt;-&gt;E channel.  So it rebalances from F-&gt;M-&gt;E-&gt;F.  Then the payment fails.  The extra capacity is now in F&lt;-&gt;E.
Then it receives a forwarding attempt L-&gt;F-&gt;M.  Since the capacity is now mostly in F&lt;-&gt;E, F&lt;-&gt;M has no capacity, so F rebalances back from F-&gt;E-&gt;M-&gt;F.  And then the payment fails again
Do this enough times and you have drained F via the rebalancing fees.
This can be mitigated by tracking if a JIT-routed payment subsequently fails.  Then you mark the routed-through node and the rebalanced-through nodes as potentially bad, and weight against using them in future rebalancing attempts.  You also want this to be pretty aggressive, so that if there's more than one such failure you want to strongly weigh against them and maybe never rebalance through them entirely after more than a few failures.  This can be done by crediting them for your loss in the rebalance, and decrementing this loss when they subsequently pass a forwarding attempt (by how much you earn from the forwarding attempt) until that goes to 0 or positive.
@_date: 2019-07-05 04:58:35


The issues are difficult.  What you are being hit with is the principle "initiator pays", i.e. the one who made the channel pays for onchain fees.
The reasoning is that it blocks of certain kinds of attack: if I create a channel to you, then I am the one who pays fees for it.  I can subsequently empty the channel I created (for example via a self-payment, or using Loop Out or whatever the cool kids are calling it now), so that the channel funds now belong to you.  Then suppose I (***pretend to***) go offline forever.  If the fees are then taken from you when you close, then I can drain you of funds by spinning up a new node pubkey (i.e. just a PRNG call), connect to you, make a channel, send it out to a circular route, then disconnect from you, ad infinitum, until your funds are locked in channels that only *you* will close, and now you have to pay the fees (because "Wouldn't it be way nicer if the one party that closes the channel pays the miner fee").
Initiator pays principle removes this active attack risk.  Instead, such an attacker can only wait passively, opportunistically victimizing those who make channels to them.  But that is only opportunistic and thus cannot be used as a *targeted* attack on your sworn enemy.


Your LN node implementation is the one that specified that feerate.  The one who pays the fee is the one who specifies feerate, obviously, since they're the one paying for it.  So the bitcoin node that your LN node is connected to is at fault, or wherever it gets the feerate from.
@_date: 2019-07-13 09:13:15
Depending on what you're going to use it for, you might not even need the Internet connection: 
The Ptarmigan project is targeted towards embedded systems, as I understand it: 
@_date: 2019-07-07 22:23:01
This idea was proposed by freicoin. Central bad behavior it encourages is that if your unmoved coin is near the expiration date, miners are incentivized to censor any transaction spending it, in the hope they get the mining reward with it. This also increases pressure on block space, as you cannot HODL long term without periodically refreshing the coin by spending to yoursrlf, and for safety you would refresh at a much higher rate than the expiry, due to the incentive of miners to start censoring spends of near-expired coins.
@_date: 2019-07-04 09:50:40
It's simple.  You don't upgrade to either.  If you are rational, you wouldn't upgrade automatically.  If you upgrade to one or the other, but then learn about how it hurts your interests, you downgrade to the last version you trusted.
Assuming all other Bitcoin users are rational, that means they won't upgrade either.
So everyone has consensus: nobody will actually run the hacked code.
@_date: 2019-07-14 07:28:37
Try following my posts and comments here, I mostly do technical topics. does videos mostly on the cutting edge of Lightning.
@_date: 2019-07-19 04:37:59
No, not the sooner the better, especially if you own completely all the coins you are transferring. Just set the minimum fee and wait it out. You can always just jack up the fee later (of a new tx spending from your SegWit address) if it hasn't confirmed yet in order to CPFP the legacy-&gt;SegWit transfer tx.
@_date: 2019-07-16 05:14:22
I believe he was referring to the node&lt;-&gt;watchtower communications, which isn't a transaction, just a data blob.
On the other hand, Tor is a thing and works.
@_date: 2019-07-31 10:39:07
***Which*** thing where they rolled back the blockchain because of a bug?  Happens about once a year at least.
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:47:39
Shouldn't you use `fundchannel` to create a channel?
@_date: 2019-07-17 08:32:27


There's a limit that is imposed *between nodes*.  The spec-recommended limit is 167mBTC, between nodes that are strangers.  Every current implementation imposes that as a default, and they don't expose it as a configurable setting so you have to go into the codebase and recompile to change it.
Channels between business partners can exceed the limit as long as both agree to set their nodes up to allow each other to create channels to whatever limit they agree on.  This currently involves changing the code right now, but yes: any two nodes are free to do whatever, because we don't need full consensus on Lightning, unlike in the blockchain layer.
Users can configure their nodes to have different limits.  For example C-Lightning has a `channel_open` hook that lets plugins impose any further limits (less than 100mBTC, less than 10mBTC, at least 0.1mBTC...).
If you believe 167mBTC is too much, ***then don't put more than 167mBTC in a Lightning node***.  You can still practically transact small amounts without worrying about this.
You don't even need to worry about those 1.0BTC channels, either.  If one side thinks keeping a lot of their funds online is becoming risky, they can use any offchain-to-onchain service such as Lightning Loop or Bitrefill Thor, over Tor, to transport money from their channel to a coldwallet stored in a sealed envelope locked in a welded box inside a safe buried in the Sahara desert of an alternate-universe Earth.  If the other side starts wanting to move its own funds out, then they'll have liquidity problems and probably close the channel directly, but if the other side is perfectly fine with keeping their funds there, they can go ahead.
You're laboring under the assumption that LN node operators are going to do the worst possible thing for themselves and their loved ones.  Surely we can assume some basic level of common sense?
@_date: 2019-07-08 08:20:36
In practice the derivation path has only a few possibilities, so surely it would be possible to bruteforce?  Actual wallets only increment a number to get the "next" addr/privkey?
@_date: 2019-07-02 00:24:33


This is another reason why a node might randomly decide to send `temporary_channel_failure` --- if it's getting a lot of random failures downstream on a particular channel, it can temporarily disable the channel, on the assumption that such a probe attack is being executed.  To counter this, the probing node might succeed the self-payment, but then it's paying for fees when it succeeds, so that's fine; making the attack costly is generally a good way to dissuade the attack.
@_date: 2019-07-12 22:06:27
I'm not a fountain of infinite knowledge either --- I just followed various traces back from the LN paper. If there's stuff missing, then I apologize, I don't know everything.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:24:42
In that case, the 3rd party processor would be mildly better.  Unless privacy matters to you, in which case you might very well want to use an e.g. decentralized exchange like Bisq or HodlHodl and accept the higher fees there as your price for privacy.
But it would be ***even better*** if the merchant accepted Bitcoin directly via BtcPayServer, and a much more powerful positive for Bitcoin.
That's what it's being compared to, not your scenario.
@_date: 2019-07-05 07:08:29
Given an existent deflationary cryptocurrency, why would anybody move over to a new inflationary one?  Those who move over know their savings will get lost.
@_date: 2019-07-08 23:57:39


Semantically, under eltoo, what your signature is authorizing is the spend of the funding UTXO, OR the output of any older update tx.  This requires allowing the signature to reattach to a different tx other than the funding UTXO, in the case that the funding UTXO has already been spent by an old update tx, and instead spending the old update tx with the latest update tx.


Yes, but that adds an extra ECDH exchange (or not, you could just use the node pubkeys).
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:55:59


This requires that you have a better than 1% chance of successfully stealing before it would be rational for the buyer to do that.  If you're going to talk about irrational behavior, then anyone standing next to you when you go to the toilet could go crazy and kill you for no reason, not even Bitcoin.


Immaterial.  1BTC=1BTC even after a few years.  You are still risking 1.67mBTC to earn 165.33mBTC.


Then that person could easily change the code to increase the channel reserve requirements, based on the probability they think they will be attacked by a buyer.  Or keep their node offsite and just access it over Tor on the phone (it's possible to set up now, and may become easier in the future).
Again, you're asking for someone to be very stupid in their dealings.  Personal dealings for illegal substances are unlikely to be done with such lousy protection for the seller.


You only had one decent argument, which was fixed by the channel reserve.
Now I apologize since I'm a bit curt at this point and I don't find your arguments at all compelling, but you might do better to read the lightning-rfc first, and maybe some parts of lightning-dev, and some videos by Rene Pickhardt.  More thought has been put into Lightning design that what you have demonstrated,.  I'm sorry for becoming rude here, but I won't respond anymore until you demonstrate better mastery of the topic.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:21:08
"Cryptocurrecny crimefighter"?  Just no.
@_date: 2019-07-18 06:55:59
You have an external wallet holding your onchain funds, with C-Lightning holding no onchain funds.
1.  You ask C-Lightning for an address to pay to via `fundchannel_start`.
2.  You get a transaction from your external wallet paying the exact amount to the address.  ***important*** your external wallet ***MUST NOT*** sign and broadcast it yet; it ***MUST*** just give you the txid without signing or broadcasting the transaction.  For example if your external wallet is another instance of C-Lightning you use `txprepare` for this.
3.  You give the txid of the tranasction to C-Lightning via `fundchannel_complete`.  If it fails, tell your external wallet to forget about the transaction it prepared before (for example if your external wallet is another instance of C-Lightning you use `txcancel`).
4.  You tell your external wallet to sign and broadcast that transaction.  For example if your external wallet is another instance of C-Lightnign you use `txbroadcast`.
At some point C-Lightning is likely to treat its "built-in" wallet as an "external" wallet and ship the current `fundchannel` as a plugin on top of `fundchannel_start`, `txprepare`, `fundchannel_complete`, `txcancel`, and `txbroadcast`.
The same protocol could be used, in theory, to fund a channel directly from a CoinJoin, (for example from Wasabi or JoinMarket) though you still need a bunch more infrastructure and software to build that.  CoinJoin impls might not want to pay to a P2WSH, for example, because it might reduce the anonymity set and stuff like that.
@_date: 2019-07-03 05:01:12
Because few of the locals have little money.  Most of the smart ones have moved away.  The few local people here who *can* invest are foreign nationals who emigrated here, so I suppose you could call them "local" by now.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:59:46
Still a full order of magnitude off :P, but usually when "millions" is used rhetorically it's more than a few orders of magnitudes off, so that's actually pretty chilling.
@_date: 2019-07-09 06:59:06
Don't even need to hardfork; SegWit version numbers already exist as softfork expansion points and can easily be used for introducing new signature algos.
@_date: 2019-07-13 09:02:31
Same thing: longer chain with more proof-of-work wins.  Many of the transactions in one chain fall off the mempool.  Some enterprising guy takes a copy of the losing chain and starts a little program to keep rebroadcasting valid txes in it (it only takes one guy doing that).  That's what consensus systems do, that's what they fix.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:35:47
Proof-of-work is the most efficient decentralized consensus method: every other proof-of-whatever is reducible to proof-of-work+some complications.  For example, proof-of-stake is generally subject to stake-grinding attacks (where a lucky staker grinds the next block it publishes so it will get the block after that, and the block after that, etc.), so it is proof-of-work with the complication that a successful stake-grind is an immediate 51% attack.
Nothing can be more efficient than proof-of-work because proof-of-work is already plenty close to an ideal Carnot engine for converting energy into proof-of-time-passing.
Basically, the only thing you need proof-of-work for is to show that this chain or that chain has been around longer, thus we should trust it more since it has more history behind it.  Thus, each proof-of-work block header implies that actual real-universe time has passed between one block to another, and was not simply generated using some trivial method: actual energy was converted from useable form to unuseable form (i.e. an increase in entropy).
Physics defines the "arrow of time" i.e. the direction along the time axis we consider "future" as the direction in which, universally, entropy increases.  As a simple intuition: Consider a video of a ball bouncing once off a surface: you can run that video backwards and it would be just as plausible as running it forwards.  But consider a video of a vase falling and breaking into pieces (i.e. from a useable vase to an unuseable vase, an increase in entropy).  If you run it backwards, it's very obvious that this is the backwards direction, as it shows a decrease in entropy.    The arrow of time points from less entropy to more entropy, and we know that real Physical time passed from one block to the next because work was done (and a proof of that work is provided in each header), which consumed energy (work cannot be done without converting energy from useable to unuseable form, i.e. an entropy increase).
@_date: 2019-07-19 09:02:54
LN is the only viable ***non-custodial*** scaling solution.
If the sidechain is a federated sidechain it's a ***custodial*** solution with the federation as the custodians.  Development of non-federated sidechains is stalled because it's just a miner-controlled blocksize increase by another name.  Or in other words: you know blockchains can't scale, so your plan for scaling is to make ***more*** blockchains (sidechains)? Good luck.
The next scaling solution on top of LN is Channel Factories, which will let dozens of people onboard on LN simultaneously using a single transaction and publishing a single UTXO (we can already onboard multiple channels using a single transaction but each one has its own UTXO, which is additional space; collapsing them to a single UTXO is the goal of Channel Factories).  Assuming you onboard batches of 20 or so at a time, you can get 20x more people on board for about 2x the space used or so, so you can immediately divide your estimates by 10 once Channel Factories is implemented and stable.  So 3.2 years to onboard the entire globe seems doable to me: it seems highly unlikely you'd convince *all* people to use Bitcoin in &lt; 5 years, for example.
@_date: 2019-07-02 05:47:13
Day trading is rarely profitable; unless you have some special talent in it, or special information that is not known by other traders, you are likely to lose more money than you earn.  It is also easy to overestimate your skill in trading. My suggestion is to hold what you think is valuable.  I personally do not consider any cryptocurrency other than Bitcoin to be at all valuable.
You might be better off being a local middle-man to onboard your friends and neighbors into Bitcoin; sell it to them at higher than you would buy, then re-buy ASAP to grow your Bitcoin.  Include a fee for teaching them how to handle seed words and wallets.  There is some risk here since that means friends and neighbors know you are involved in Bitcoin; if Venezuelan government cracks down on Bitcoin, you'd be a pretty big target yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-05 10:10:35
A lot of things are easy if you know how.  Most of the time it's the learning how that's the hard part.
@_date: 2019-07-08 23:58:53
In a third-world country where the only backbone is a "private" company that is really a government-run company that was "privatized".
It's improved over the years, I'll be honest; but still not enough.
@_date: 2019-07-13 03:12:58
It's normal behavior for nodes to put transaction in a block that is orphaned back into its local mempool.  Periodically your node will also resynchronize its local mempool with its connected nodes.  In this situation, your node will have to have connected to at least one "global" node (otherwise it would not have learned of the longer global chain and started orphaning the blocks it currently considers valid), so when it resynchs its mempool it will also broadcast those transactions to the global node's mempool, which will eventually trickle out to the rest of the global network.
Now if the orphan is big enough, the local mempool could overflow. and drop some transactions.  But the blocks are still on disk (they don't get deleted immediately after getting orphaned) and it would be possible to write a simple software that scans the orphaned chain and keeps re-broadcasting the transactions in it.  You'd have some rough times with large mempools but the network will heal.
Heck, that's the entire point of a consensus system: the network will heal and nodes that have been cut off temporarily will resynchronize with the greater hashrate.  Consider that shutting down a node and then restarting it later is just a scaled-down version of the "Alaska is cut off" situation.
@_date: 2019-07-11 08:18:45
"Technical Analysis".  The name is mostly meaningless.  It's simply looking at patterns in the price graphs and trying to "catch" patterns forming, thus letting you "predict" where the market will go.  Since the brain is too good at pattern matching even when patterns do not in fact exist, this is usually a bad idea to follow.
@_date: 2019-07-16 03:45:26
I agree.  The `OP_1 OP_RETURN` bug was just "fixed" by Bitcoin Core dweebs by declaring it to be an invalid script.  Anyone can spend any coin in Bitcoin by `OP_1 OP_RETURN`, because it was Satoshi's Vision in the original release of BitCoin 0.01 Alpha that `OP_1 OP_RETURN` would always succeed.  So all Bitcoins currently in existence are in a blind trust until we revert back to BitCoin 0.01 Alpha like Satoshi intended.  This will happen in 2020.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:06:45
Don't use Coinbase, because they monitor who you send/receive from and sometimes freeze accounts.  Use Electrum for wallet at least.  Electrum can be made to run on Tor and you can have multiple wallet files (NOTE: do not keep your own wallet files if you are using Windows, there are too many malware that can identify various wallet files and will send them to the malware authors).
In fact, don't use a service.  Use wallets that run on your device, not those on a server.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:28:36
1.  Yes.
2.  It's possible for them to do round-trip self-payment.  Suppose Frank has 2btc in one channel and 0btc in another channel.  Frank can pay 1btc in the first channel to himself and route it so he receives it on the other channel, so after the self-payment he has 1btc in both channels (minus routing fees).  There is also [the new paper by Burchert, Decker, Wattenhofer]( which makes closing and opening channels off-chain, too.
3.  Why would it be centralized?  In the first place, your example is too large: channels are limited to at most 167.77216mBTC (or 0.16777216BTC), individual payments are limited to about 42.94xxxmBTC (I can't bother to remember the extra digits).  A HODLer who started early this year can build at least a half-dozen max-capacity channels, and by symmetry can expect on average to get a half-dozen max-capacity channels incoming.  That's a reasonably good number of channels.  The incentives also work better to decentralize: if you've got a good number of coins, you need multiple channels anyway (you can't even put 0.25 BTC in a single channel, you need two channels).  For redundancy, you'd prefer to split up your channels so they go to different nodes (so that if one node goes down, you can still spend using other channels with other nodes; if you put all your open channels to a single node, that node going down would make you suffer).  Finally, you don't really have an incentive to close channels: if it has money on your side, you want to keep it open so you can spend it on-Lightning with low fees; if it has no money, there is no downside to keeping it open other than on-disk storage (and it would probably take less than a kilobyte per channel), and there's a chance someone will use it to route so you can earn routing fees.  Rather than reload depleted channels, you'd prefer to open new channels to new network participants (preferably those that are weakly connected, since it is more likely you'll get chosen for routes (which means fees for you) if that node wants to receive funds and the only available incoming route to that node is through you), which makes the network more likely to be mesh than hub-and-spoke.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:28:46
I AM A SELF-MADE MILLIONAIRE AND THIS IS MY PROJECT AND YOU HURT MY PROJECT'S FEELINGS I AM RICHER THAN YOU AND CALLING IT BITCOIN CASH IS MISLEADING HAVEN'T I TOLD YOU I AM A SELF-MADE MILLIONAIRE \_|\_
@_date: 2019-07-08 08:27:45
Depends on what you're sending *to*.  If it's a gambling site, Coinbase does tend to take exception to that and has been known to shut down accounts and worse.  There may be other reasons.  Darknet markets or porn-related stuff might also give you problems if you go directly from Coinbase.
It's why the "not your keys not your coins" thing is such a big deal here.  Coinbase, or anyone, should not be allowed to censor where you spend your money on (and your receiver should not really care if you're getting funds from this exchange or that or not at all).  Maybe get a stash of BTC and put it on your own device using a non-custodial wallet like Electrum or Wasabi.  Buy 0.11 BTC and mix it on Wasabi and spend that over time: the coins are going to be clean and neither Coinbase nor your receiver will have cause for complaint on either end.  Replenish as needed.
@_date: 2019-07-16 06:08:26
I have a post stickied on rbitcoin right now that's about Lightning Network and how we got there from Satoshi's Vision.  
@_date: 2019-07-03 07:28:48


Thing is: anonymity loves company!
LN supports not publishing a channel you have.  Colloquially they're called "private" channels, but they aren't as private as their colloquial label implies.
When you have a public channel, and a payment arises from your node via that channel, then it could be your payment, or it could be some other node using your channel to forward the payment.  Similarly, if a payment goes to your node via that channel, then it could be a payment to you, or it could be some other node using your channel to forward the payment.
When you have a "private" channel, and a payment arises from your node via that channel, it's pretty obvious to the other node that it's ***your*** payment.  Nobody else could have made it!  Similarly, if a payment goes to you via that "private" channel, then it's pretty obvious to the other node that it pays to you (the BOLT11 spec allows invoice makers to indicate private channels).
Thus if you use only "private" channels (i.e. you don't have a public LN node), you're trusting your counterparties to keep mum about your actual monetary transactions.
What's more, because of the onion routing, you get very good privacy over Lightning (better than what you get onchain).  Suppose you have some questionably-sourced Bitcoins.  You find some node on LN that's willing to accept a channel using the questionably-sourced Bitcoins (that node might effectively discount your Bitcoins by increasing their routing fees).  Then you wait for LNBIG to make a channel to you, or get some legit funds and make a channel to anyone and Loop Out or Thor or whatever the cool kids call an offchain-to-onchain swap, or do any of a half-dozen things to get incoming capacity.  Then you pay to yourself from your "dirty" channel to your incoming "clean" channel.  Then you close both channels and abscond with the clean funds.  The questionable Bitcoins end up going to the other node, who can swear up and down that they just did forwarding, all they got was an onion, they don't know where the money went, you can't blame them, they were innocent.  You have coins with a clean onchain record.
It's like taking some questionable funds and publicly publishing yourself on joinmarket.me as a coinjoin maker.  Anonymity loves company and you hide in the large anonymity sets created by joinmarket.me and LN and so on.  Public channels greatly enable better privacy, because anonymity loves company.
@_date: 2019-07-14 09:14:56
Really old plans for payment channel networks were centralized around hubs that connected payers (customers) to payees (merchants). Partly it was because older payment channel mechanisms were unidirectional only, partly it was settling for a hub model in the first place.
Modern channel mechanisms are bidirectional, with no clear distinction between payer and payee: if you participate in the economy then you get paid a salary or commission or dividends, and then use that to acquire goods and services, from an enitity that needs to pay its own suppliers and employees and stockholders. The lack of distinction between payer and payee also means anyone can act as a hub (while simultaneously acting as an employee or contractor or merchant or customer), and in modern Lightnigh every node ***is*** a hub once you get more than a few channels. Thus it is no longer very centralized, unlike the old hub and spoke plans
@_date: 2019-07-04 06:12:42
Use Wasabi, which can't steal your funds while mixing.
Wasabi provides coin control so you can check in close detail how your purchases can be linked together.
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:00:50
21 million.
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:20:27
The above is still misleading. The important part of Lughtning Network is that it is a *network*. If Starbucks is connected to Marks and Spencer because the proprietor bought the uniforms there, you can use the Starbucks channel to pay for a one time purchase at Marks and Spencer with only a tiny routing fee to Starbucks for helping. If you are an employee of McDonald's and receive your salary on a channel from McD to you, then somebody with a channel to McDonald's can pay for a Marks and Spencer shirt via a route through McDonald's-&gt;you-&gt;Starbucks-&gt;Marks and Spencer.
@_date: 2017-12-01 03:55:29
There are three LN implementations currently going through [integration testing by cdecker](
1.  [c-lightning]( written in C, by and , requires a bitcoind fullnode.
2.  [lnd]( written in Go, by and Joseph Poon (dunno if Joseph Poon has a Reddit presence), requires a [btcd]( fullnode, or can work as SPV if connected to a special fork of btcd.
3.  [Eclair]( written in Scala, by ACINQ (dunno who the people are, sorry!), requires a bitcoind fullnode.
There is another implementation with some activity but isn't participating in the above integration tests:
1.  [lit]( written in Go, from MIT-DCI, runs SPV and (I think) does not require anything special.
Practically, off-chain solutions like Lightning are probably the correct way to scale: it reduces sending of transaction data to fewer people, and Lightning makes off-chain trustless and slightly more private than on-chain.  If off-chain solutions fail, the fallback would be multi-chain solutions (sidechains), of which the only implementation with a large amount of development I can see is drivechains.
On-chain improvements will generally be more efficient encodings and aggregation (MAST, Bellare-Neven (often miscalled "Schnorr")) rather than blocksize increases.  I for one would be very upset at yet another blocksize increase, as I cannot start up a fullnode already due to initial block download being practically impossible now.
I also described [on my comment on your rBitcoinDiscussion post]( about MimbleWimble as one possible plan for upgrading the blocksize; while it increases the synchronization bandwidth, it at least does not increase initial block download as much as a blocksize increase.
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:22:50


No.  What I usually compare is that your lightning node, being a hot wallet, is analogous to the amount of money you have on you as you go about your daily life.  Your cold wallet, which is onchain and has keys in an offline device or paper, is your bank.  Sometimes you withdraw from the bank and put it in your LN node.
Even that is a lie-to-children.
You reacted with incredulity when I told you there is a 167.77215 mBTC limit yet nodes can willingly create channels beyond that limit if both agree.
This is because what LN is, is a prototype for creating your own laws regarding your own funds.
Consider how a country has a set of fixed laws, presumably agreed-upon by consensus (let's ignore the fact that "democracy" as practiced today is a lousy consensus algorithm, but let's pretend that rebels do not exist within the same demesne for now).
On top of those fixed laws, two (or more) entities may create a *contract*, which is basically a small law that only applies to the signatories of the contract.  The signatories are subject not only to the law of the land, but also to the word of the contract.  If a signatory breaches the contract, then they are brought to court, since the law of the land recognizes the word of the contract as a valid law that applies to the signatory.
Similarly, an LN channel is "just" a contract, a small additional law that requires only the consensus of the signatories in order to operate.  However, if one signatory breaches the contract (i.e. publishes old state) then the blockchain recognizes the contract as a valid consensus rule that applies to the signatory.  In the case of Poon-Dryja channels the consensus rules simply mean that the breaching party forfeits the entire value of the channel if the other side can prove that it is old state (by showing a revocation key).
Every action inside the channel requires a consensus of both signatories of the channel, thus they can impose whatever rules they might like, provided they can get the agreement of the other side.  Only in a breach do they have to "bring to court" the other party.
By default, the standard contracts you'd get from the lawyers --- I mean, the Lightning Network developers --- involve a maximum limit of 167.77215mBTC of total channel capacity.  But if you really wanted to, and you can get the agreement of somebody, and you can scrounge up the funds to do so, you can build a channel with 21,000,000 BTC total capacity.  The rest of the Lightning Network won't punish you, and the blockchain won't punish you, for breaching this limit.  But they shouldn't, because you did this with the agreement of both signatories in the channel, and who cares what turns the two of you on?  It's a private matter between you whether you are willing to make 21mBTC channel or a 21MBTC channel.
Similarly, that's why LN supports a lot more innovation than the blockchain layer can --- all it requires to deploy anything is for the channel to be backed by actual funds onchain and the two signatories of the channel to agree on ***something***.  The Fulgurite project, for example, wants to host Discrete Log Contracts in a sub-channel, while still being able to route normal HTLCs in a separate sub-channel, and that is perfectly doable as long as they can get two nodes to run their code and make a channel to each other.  When the blockchain supports `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` then we can start deploying Decker-Russell-Osuntokun without having to get consensus that it's a good idea (people who don't want to lose the punitive nature of Poon-Dryja can just keep on using Poon-Dryja for all their channels and refusing Decker-Russell-Osuntokun channels).  And so on.
LN is the next step of the Bitcoin revolution.  With Bitcoin, we get money and laws that everyone voluntarily agrees to.  With Lightning, we get money and laws that is agreed upon by small groups of people, and which everyone agrees the money is backed by money in the Bitcoin layer.
@_date: 2017-12-07 01:59:39
You then risk the volatility of whatever cryptocurrency you pass through, on top of the inherent risk that by the time transactions etc clear the difference in price you are trying to arbitrage has been closed by somebody else.
@_date: 2019-07-17 10:42:56
IP is not a singular term: it encompasses Trademarks, Patents, and Copyrights, each with their own laws and legal behaviors.  Putting them into a single term "IP" is highly misleading, and should be strongly avoided and corrected.
In context, you probably mean Copyrighted Material.  Court rulings regarding copyright and various treaties should give you better knowledge on what legal rights and obligations are attached to having a copy of Copyrighted Material in your possession.
@_date: 2019-07-11 22:44:49
All of them kinda suck more than LN.
* Bitcoin "Banks" - Institutions and private companies that issue some instrument that can be exchanged for onchain Bitcoin.  Think how many exchanges  allow you to pay/receive from another user on the same exchange, for free or lower fee: that's offchain scaling of a kind. Better privacy could be had if exchanges used Chaumian techniques (most such features openly tell the exchange who the payer and the payee is, Chaumian bank techniques prevent exchanges from learning who is the payer and who is the payee, they'd only know that some payers paid to some payees: obviously exchanges want to know this to resell your data later).  Sucks because you ***need*** some kind of proof-of-solvency, and while schemes to provide proof-of-solvency exist, no exchange has consistently delivered one.  Coinfloor used to do this once a month, but I can't find any recent Coinfloor proof-of-solvencies anymore either.  Other exchanges have promised this and not delivered.  So now everybody says "not your keys not your coins", because no exchange is going to be honest about its lack of actual Bitcoins, so don't even bother asking (or using this as a scaling solution).  LN is better here since every channel is a 2-of-2 with you as signatory, so, as long as your node is online, backing funds cannot be absconded with and you know which UTXO is backing your money.  Also LN makes it hard to track payer and payee, giving good privacy in practice.
* Sidechains - more blockchains, pegged to the Bitcoin mainchain.  Let's just be honest and say that the blockchain technology has the problem of being bandwidth-inefficient.  So you know blockchains are bandwidth-inefficient, and you propose to fix this bandwidth-inefficiency problem by making ***more*** blockchains?  LN is better here since transaction information only needs to be known and validated by the payer, the payee, and any hop nodes along the route.  Sidechains cannot compete safely here, since sidechain security is proportional to the number of people validating all transactions on the sidechain, whereas LN is sufficiently secure even if only the payer and payee validate the payment.
@_date: 2019-07-04 01:23:30
Okay, then.  I personally see this as a distinction without a difference.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:14:12
Try localbitcoins.com , deposit cash by bank or meet up and hand over cash.
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:08:10
In theory, what can be done would be to use a hashlocked timelocked physical box that can contain items.  Then atomic swaps would be implementable using hashlocked timelocked contracts on the Bitcoin blockchain, and the hashlocked timelocked physical box.
The hashlocked timelocked box acts like this:
1.  Initially it's open.  You put in the cash/physical item.
2.  When you close it, you input:
    1. Your temporary public key, and a time limit.
    2. Somebody else's temporary public key (the one you're giving the cash/physical item to) and a hash value.
3.  To open it, either:
    1.  After the time limit passes, you can provide your temporary private key, and the box will open (presumably only you know the private key).
    2.  Before the time limit passes, somebody else can provide the preimage to the given hash, as well as the private key to the "somebody else's public key" you inputted.  This also causes the box to publicly broadcast the preimage to some uncensorable channel.
Suppose you want to exchange your cash for my BTC:
1.  You rent one of those hashlocked timelocked boxes.
2.  We agree on two timeouts, some time apart.  Say we have a timeout 24 hours from now and another timeout 48 hours from now.
3.  You generate a random string to serve as preimage to a hash.
4.  We make up temporary private keys.  I provide the *public* key for my temporary private key to you, you provide the *hash* (not the preimage!) to me, you provide the public key you have to me.
5.  You put your cash into the hashlocked timelocked box, program it with your temporary public key and the LATER timeout, and with my temporary public key and the hash.
6.  I make a BTC transaction paying out to a hashlocked timelocked contract, program it with my temporary public key and the earlier timeout, and with your temporary public key and the hash image you gave me.
7.  You claim the BTC by providing your signature and the preimage on-chain before 24 hours.
8.  I see you put the preimage on-chain, copy it, go to your hashlocked timelocked box, punch in my temporary privet key and the hash preimage I got from your claiming the BTC.  I open the box and get the goods.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:42:10
Note that the paper came too late for the Lightning BOLT spec 1.0 freeze.  I think it's not even going to be in the list for Lightning BOLT spec 1.1, either.  The use of large relative locktimes in the paper is pretty uncomfortable when you need the coins on-chain very quickly, too, especially if one or more of your factory partners are not responding; it's theoretically possible to use the Poon-Dryja construction on the same concept but it makes my brain hurt to think *how* (the current plan I think is to use relative timelocks in the allocation and terminate them into Poon-Dryja channels, but you'd still suffer through the relative timelocks).
But anyway a round-trip self-payment already would work with Lightning BOLT 1.0 to help balance funds in your channels.
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:11:32
Risks of holdin on localbitcoins:
1.  Risk somebody hacks your localbitcoins account.
2.  Risk somebody hacks your computer, presents you with a fake localbitcoins webpage, and steals your username and password to your localbitcoins account.
3.  Risk localbitcoins gets hacked.
4.  Risk localbitcoins shuts down your account because the government told them so.
5.  Risk localbitcoins shuts down your account because they don't like you for some reason you can't understand.
6.  Risk localbitcoins shuts down and runs off with the money.
Risks of holding on electrum:
1.  Risk somebody hacks your computer and steals the electrum wallet key.
2.  Risk somebody gets at your 12-word backup phrase and steals the electrum wallet key.
3.  Risk you keep your 12-word backup phrase near your computer and manage to lose them in the same accident.
4.  Risk you keep your 12-word backup phrase in your back pocket and your "friend" gets a glimpse and copies it.
5.  Risk you don't actually keep your 12-word backup phrase and your harddisk crashes irrecoverably.
In general, Electrum has fewer risks and the risks are a lot more controllable by you.
@_date: 2019-07-09 00:03:22
TANSTAAFL. Free services tend to do this for control.  So you're still paying fees: either you give up control, or you pay money.
@_date: 2019-07-11 02:11:31


Still doesn't reach 256 qubits, which is the minimum you need to ***slowly** grind a discrete log problem.


Bitcoin will ***never*** adapt anything similar to the Ethereum Virtual Machine.  Principle of Least Power and the many many issues with bugs on Ethereum smart contracts (to the point that Ethereum has hardforked to ignore the effects of these bugs rather than continue with the "code is law" principle) show that the Ethereum approach is moribund.
The nearest we might accept would be to allow for offchain execution of a Turing-complete program, with a proof (verifiable using a total program, not Turing-complete) of correct execution placed onchain (look up Russell O'Connor's work on Post Theorem).  In a way, Lightning is an initial sketch for this kind of paradigm (offchain smart contract execution, onchain enforcement of final result), though full Turing-completeness would be vastly different than the Lightning approach.
This approach is generally better since the Turing-complete program is offchain and it becomes possible to bugfix it without messing with the chain correctness.  The Taproot approach where agreement of all participants is enough lets everyone agree that the Turing-complete program is indeed buggy, and all participants can agree to upgrade to a bugfixed version by simply cooperatively signing to transfer the funds to a commitment to the newer version.


These approaches have the massive disadvantage that it is impossible to impose *any* smart contract on top of this.  Scriptless Script helps to an extent, though.  And these schemes are also quantum-vulnerable (MimbleWimble definitely is, your tradeoff there is either you completely destroy the coin with uncontrollable inflation (but preserve privacy of historical transactions) or you just break privacy and the coin inflation schedule remains (but you also break the privacy of historical transactions); I don't know as much about Monero).


The best we got now involves 10x increase in signatures (and possibly public keys).  That implies our next blocksize increase is going to be to support post-quantum, not support a higher tx rate.  It's also not clear if it will have any kind of decent  linear homomorphism, like what we plan to use to implement Taproot or single-signature m-of-n, or what MimbleWimble needs to construct its summable commitments.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:11:07
Well that's going to be complicated, sorry!  I don't use anything other than Tor Browser myself.
Note that Tor is a daemon separate from Tor Browser.  Tor Browser runs Tor in the background.  What you need to do is to run Tor directly, then set up Electrum to bridge over Tor rather than directly over your Internet connection.  How?  I honestly don't know \^\^.
But anyway visiting the webpage over Tor Browser isn't going to run Electrum over Tor.  You need to run Electrum locally on your system then have it tunnel over Tor somehow (again, I don't know how to set that up) and then use that.
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:46:12
If you are referring to ***only*** the Bitcoin blockchain layer, one of them, the Schnorr signing scheme, will improve transaction costs for n-of-n multisignature schemes.  Only transactions that switch to SegWit v1 n-of-n multisignature will benefit (for reference, current SegWit is v0).
This has a small effect on every other user (including pre-SegWit address spends), as it frees up block space for use by other users.  Of course, increased onchain activity is likely to dwarf that effect.
Another is Taproot, which will reduce transaction costs for certain kinds of activity, such as the protocol-abort branch of onchain atomic swaps (e.g. for mixing or trustless cross-currency exchange).  These tend to be pretty large in blockspace usage, so even though they are rare, the space savings by Taproot are pretty helpful still.
The major space savings is use of Lightning Network.  With this, large numbers of unrelated transactions can be done with only two onchain transactions.  Again, this only frees up block space, so relatively small benefit to all users.
@_date: 2019-07-07 09:54:29
Yes. That's why I said "then disconnect from you". You can't send or receive via a channel if you're disconnected from the counterparty. The only option of the victim is to bring the channel onchain, but if the one bringing the channel onchain is the one who pays fees, the victim can be induced to lose funds via the fee.
@_date: 2019-07-08 02:21:45
There aren't a lot of people who are capable of reviewing and double checking the work done by and . Maybe try donating to , he's a mathist and might be able to properly review, so go donate to him if you yourself are not a mathist. In particular Taproot has a proof of security that probably needs proper review of some sort.
Consensus on the details of the next softfork is needed. Schnorr +Taproot +MAST are likely to be shoo ins, but details like how to encode pubkeys and whether script versions are strictly needed might still be in the air. `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`/`SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT` look like they won't happen, at least not yet, and there's debate about output tagging vs. chaperones vs. just-plain-`SIGHASH_NOINPUT`-please. Community consensus is important to define which tradeoffs are better to have.
LN implementation UX has a lot to be desired. Also there are a bunch of things going on at that layer that probably need to be implemented by some person or number of persons.
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:25:58
The video you are watching may be obsolete.  Lightning does not use  locktime transactions in the manner you describe; such locktime transactions have the problems you point out.
Lightning uses Poon-Dryja payment channels, which are more complicated but have more reasonably requirements on time, as well as not imposing a maximum number of state transitions.
Each state's transaction is a "revocable" transaction.  I'll try to break it down below:
Each state transaction has two versions, one for Alice, the other for Bob.  Alice's version encumbers her output, but not Bob's output.  Bob's version encumbers his output, but not Alice's.  The two transactions are symmetrical.
On Alice's version, Alice's output is revocable, and uses a hashlocked, relative-timelocked output.  The hashlock means, if Bob knows a particular secret, Bob can show that secret and his signature to get that output.  The relative timelock means, after some time that the state transaction is confirmed (2-3 days, depends on your channel's setting), Alice can get the funds if Bob hasn't revealed the secret yet.
Alice's transaction is initially in an "unrevoked" state.  What that means is that the secret above is known only to Alice.  This means that in the unrevoked state, Alice's output is completely hers (Bob can't claim it because he doesn't know the secret, Alice just has to wait out the timelock).
When a new state is created and the existing Alice's transaction has to be replaced by a new Alice's transaction, Alice makes it "revoked" by simply sending the secret to Bob.  So if Alice tries to use her older state transaction where she has more money on the channel, Bob has a few days to claim Alice's output (since he now knows the secret).  Since the other output is entirely Bob's, and Alice's output is revoked and can be claimed earlier by Bob, it simply means that Bob gets the entire channel outputs if Alice tries to use old state and Bob gets online within the few day's window.
Bob's version of the transaction is symmetrical, so you can swap Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob in the above description.
In case, both Alice and Bob agree to close the channel, they can simply create an amicable bilateral close transaction that allocates the channel in the correct split, with not encumberances.  This has the major advantage that neither side has to wait for the few days needed to unencumber their output.
Poon-Dryja channels like what I describe have the advantage of requiring less trust than the timelocked versions.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:12:44
wait for a low-fee period, then transfer them.
Heck when I hear of a low-fee period I transfer all my funds to myself to help reduce the number of UTXOs I have scattered around and reduce the cost of future spends.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:09:08
It can't hack the blockchain directly, although some badly-implemented wallets may be vulnerable.
AI is a potential threat to everything, not just digital data.  Consider that I am typing into this computer, and then eventually this data appears on your screen.  You process that data and this causes changes to the state of your brain.
Suppose I am a being of such high intelligence that I have analyzed everything you have written on reddit, and from there I have made a good guess of who your identity is on other Internet sites.  From this gathering of information I can get a good idea of your hopes and fears, your dreams and nightmares.
From that I can type in mere words into a reddit comment, have you read it, and trigger you to perform actions in accordance to your hopes and fears and dreams and nightmares, actions which are beneficial to me and not to you.
From a mere [text-only channel]( a sufficiently intelligent being can take over the universe.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:13:47
Just send the funds from your CB wallet to a wallet where you control the keys.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:01:12
Plot twist: your hands are strong because of rigor mortis.
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:33:15
The point is that different governments and different institutions are likely to hate on different addresses.
So you could for example cooperate with a friend who is trying to throw off coinbase hating on address A, if you don't personally use coinbase yourself, in exchange for helping throw off your local government who is hating on address B, since your friend lives on the opposite side of the world far from your local government.  So you then pay taxes to your local government and say "no it was a confidential transaction and address B gave 0 value to me because this other guy paid me for my Reddit shilling service, go look him up because he's the one who sourced the address B you hate so much" and send them off to a wild goose chase.
Plain Bitcoin already can have 0 amounts, it's just that they're pointless since they are easily distinguishable from non-zero amounts.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:49:35
Dude.  This is a place for noobs to learn.  It's like going to a classroom and telling five-year-olds that 2+2=5.  No way is the teacher going to like it and the students won't get the joke anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:25:44
If you're ***really*** not a Bitcoin Cash shill, say "BCASH" three times while doing a little dance!  LOL.
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:01:34
Yes.  Presumably it is then your choice whether to cooperate with the government, or cooperate with your friend. \^\^
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:29:07
And if that doesn't work use AJAX.
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:22:27
I think you mean "confidential" rather than "censored".
The cute thing about confidential transactions is that value amounts can be 0.  This is surprisingly useful.
Suppose I have an address that some institution (e.g. government) hates.  I can spend from that address into a bunch of new addresses, with one of them containing the entire amount and the rest are 0.
When making new confidential transactions, I ask around among my friends, who offer similar 0-value addresses to me for free (since the address is 0-value, this is costless).  I add them as inputs to help confuse external observers.  My friends also get a few 0-value addresses from me.
Eventually, the path from my hated address passes through many different transactions on the blockchain.  Most of those transactions will be coming from my many different 0-value addresses.  Only a few will be the actual money coming from my hated address.
In short, tainting works by virtually coloring the coins emanating from the address.  In combination with Bellare-Neven (often miscalled "Schnorr") signature aggregation, adding more inputs becomes not so large, so it's possible for confidential transactions to add many 0-value inputs and emit more 0-value outputs that I can pool with my friends.
This means that the fanout from the hated address increases over time until all coins using confidential transactions get tainted, reducing the value of blockchain analysis and improving fungibility.
@_date: 2019-07-08 08:37:34
If either is saying there may be problems getting direct from an exchange, then they are likely to have experienced such censoring attempts (debrid looks like a file host, so it might classically be used for porn, so might be a reason for exchanges to not like it).  Overall, not your keys not your coins, so get a stash of 0.11 BTC and mix in Wasabi to break the links (because seriously, Coinbase should not have to know who you pay to).  Then split the coin out to two coins, one for debrid and one for iptv (Wasabi and Electrum have coin control so this is easy, you just make two receive addresses and label them appropriately and send your money to yourself to the new receive addresses and make sure to spend from the correctly-labelled coin), because neither of them needs to know about the other anyway.  They also have fee control so you can lower the fees for your self-payments, then up the fees when you're paying to somebody else who might want to receive funds quickly.
Though if both services use bitpay, then using the bitpay wallet will have no fees when paying to them (though if bitpay turns around and decides to ban them, well, tough luck for them).
@_date: 2019-07-04 09:37:18


Hubs are not necessary.  You open a channel with some funds to a **peer**, i.e. anybody who is already on the Lightning Network.


Yes, multi-hope routing is already implemented.  This has some reliability problems (all the nodes your own node selects to move through have to be online, if they go offline at the wrong time your funds can get locked for days) but those will get reduced over time.


Bitcoin is about choice.  People should be allowed to do this, or not do this, depending on what they want.
For what it's worth, keeping a high-uptime Lightning node can potentially earn you some small funds if you have a good amount of Bitcoin lying around that you're willing to risk on a hot wallet running beta-level software.  Just do the LNBIG route and connect to a bunch of random nodes.


Yes, we already can do that.  However, if you *only* open one channel, and the node on the other end of the channel goes down, you can't use it.  You're better off splitting up your funds among multiple channels to many different peers, distributing the risk of "enforced HODLing".


`lnd` implementation already has Neutrino support, which is similar.  Eclair also has a lite mode that uses Electrum servers.


If you can code, help the devs on lnd or Eclair or C-Lightning or Ptarmigan or Rust-lightning.  There's always bugs and UX issues and feature requests.
If you can't code, consider doing overtime on your real-life work and putting up the salary you earn for that overtime to some Lightning devs.  and come to mind.  Or even just allocating the equivalent of one hour of your salary; this is roughly equivalent to working, for one hour, as a developer at a similar skill level at dev work as you are skilled on your real-life work.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:36:51
Yes, that's OK.
Note that recent Electrum will let you use SegWit wallets.  However unlike say Trezor, Electrum uses P2WPKH, which is a new address format that almost no other wallets (and likely tumbling services...) support (they start with "bt1" and are case-insensitive but longer).  Trezor uses P2SH-P2WPKH, which reuses the old P2SH address format (which starts with "3" and are case-sensitive) for compatibility with old wallets that don't support P2WPKH but *do* support P2SH.  So your wallet  will have to be an Electrum legacy wallet because Coinbase hasn't gotten around to supporting "bt1" addresses.  If the tumbling services don't support "bt1" addresses either, than even wallets  and  will have to be legacy Electrum wallets (you could have a final wallet  that is SegWit, but then you have to pay an additional "hop").
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:28:20
Can you give technical details of how you "keep" these cryptocurrencies "indirectly"?  Like is this a 2-of-2 with an timelocked branch returning to the real owner?
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:03:27
On Reddit:
1.  c-lightning: 2.  lnd: 3.  Integration tests between c-lightning, lnd, and Eclair: @_date: 2017-12-06 09:18:04
Given that Wei Dai and **N**ick **S**zabo are known to have worked on e-currencies before Bitcoin, the total lack of **N**ick **S**zabo in that list is telling :P
That said, nobody knows who Wei Dai really is, so there!
@_date: 2018-09-13 10:36:27
Yes the devs have been working very hard on speeding up verification.  It's the sort of work which when you think about it is a strong prerequisite to block size increase (larger blocks more verification) but you don't see block-size-increase proponents doing that kind of work often.
Also he might be using a newer Pi than you did, which could be faster too.
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:23:17
As of Lightning BOLT 1.0, everybody tells everybody else about what nodes it is directly channeled to, and anybody else's channels they happen to know.  So you can get a map of the world locally on your own node, and use that map of the world to make many routes which you rank for cheapest fees, then try routes one at a time until one succeeds.
This is expected to be OK up until about 100,000 or so LN nodes, after which we need to switch to something better, like BitFury's FLARE paper.
@_date: 2019-07-05 04:32:32
Smart contracts tend to be overrated.
In any case, the most important contract for decentralized exchanges is an escrow contract.
Make no mistake: escrow services are effectively government services you can choose, and which you pay for only if you need them.  They will be the targets of existing governments.
Current LN cannot support non-custodial escrow *yet*. However, later this will be possible, after switching to points + scalars for payments.  "Non-custodial escrow over Lightning"
The other side is the discoverability of services.  Exchange of fiat for Bitcoin is "just" another service.  My friend has been thinking of a Bitcoin Classified Ads Network which is a separate L2 over Bitcoin that allows discoverability, which is the first step towards running your own server to create order books on your own computer, using decentralized non-censorable data. 
@_date: 2019-07-08 22:43:11
A time based vault. You would generate a fresh keypair, then sign using `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` for that keypair with a future `nLockTime` paying to an address you normally control. Then you would deposit your funds to the P2PKH of the keypair, and also add a `OP_RETURN` output containing the `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` signature.
Then you could delete the keypair and just rely on the `OP_RETURN` you have to recover the funds, without storing anything yourself.
This is not normally possible since `SIGHASH_ALL` requires knowing the txid you are spending, which would be changed by any `OP_RETURN` data you attach.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:05:51
much okay, so agree.
BCH? concern.  WHAT YOU DOIN
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:14:44
Electrum does this.  Almost no other wallets I know of do.
@_date: 2019-07-13 23:55:12
There's a *chance* of that happening, yes.  It's always the risk if you are transacting on a chain that doesn't have the largest pool of available energy to back it.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:38:15
1.  In case of trouble, money will get locked for a few days until it becomes clear what really happened.  Not fixable/by design: those few days are what you use to prove your case if you were stolen from.  Treat LN as a hot wallet and only keep small amounts into it (easy: channels have a 167mBTC limit, so you're constrained to keep small amounts on-Lightning anyway).
2.  Routes can be correlated via the hash preimages used.  Future improvements may remove this.
3.  Backups of Lightning state are extremely dangerous: if you accidentally use old state, your counterparties will bring you to settlement and claim the entire channel (neither your counterparty nor the settlement layer (blockchain) can know for sure if your use of the old state was accidental or deliberate, so the system presumes it to e deliberate).  Don't backup disks used for Lightning state.  Can be fixed by usage of cloud storage services (at some loss of privacy).  Future improvements may allow state to be stored with your peers so  you can recover in case of a disk crash (and more importantly detect if your local on-disk state data is stale).
4.  Mapping the entire Lightning network is needed for the ability to pay anyone.  Future improvements may allow sender and receiver to coordinate to find a route.
5.  Channels have an ever-growing state on-disk that needs to be stored until the channel is closed (specifically, the revocation keys).  Maybe not a big problem except for really small devices.  Future improvements are in the works to make revocation keys computable from a seed.
6.  You can't be offline for more than a few days, otherwise there is the possibility of successful theft.  Future improvements are in the works to allow "watchtowers" to watch channels on your behalf in case you go offline for more than a few days.
7.  There are not enough developers and alpha/beta testers working on it.  This can be improved by people on @_date: 2017-12-05 07:18:36
localbitcoins.com is where I buy normally (I live in the Philippines).
@_date: 2018-09-28 05:07:56
It's very naive.


Transaction analysis just reads the blockchain data and can correlate which addresses belong to whom with pretty good accuracy.  This statement in the article is false.  You might not get 100% accurate information from blockchain analysis, but you can get maybe 80% accurate, which is good enough for many cases.
In addition:


Scaling a blockchain requires that we move data *out* from the blockchain and into only the people involved in a transaction.  That's how Lightning Network works, for example: updates to the channels between two participants are kept only by the two participants.  That's also how MimbleWimble works: it lets you cut out all the intervening transactions and just get a single large transaction from the mined coinbases to the current UTXO set.
So in the end, an entity that has to do business with lots of other entities still needs to store the data keeping track of its obligations to those entities, precisely because blockchain scaling requires that this kind of data be kept offchain as much as possible.
So a blockchain won't free the company from such requirements, unless the company uses a blockchain that won't scale (and in which case, would fail to scale up to Uber levels).
@_date: 2019-07-18 04:26:04




There ***is*** a limit.  I'm not going through the damn source code and modify the limit so ***you*** can open a 1.0BTC channel to me, for example, because you're a violent little git who's willing to kill people for their money.  I'm not stupid, ***so I won't break the limit for you***, so stop assuming that only idiots will do this.  Sheesh.  Practical limits are a thing, people don't change defaults, ***common sense is a thing***, and if the only way for you to convince me to break that limit is to kidnap my family and threaten them, then f\*ck you.
***Fucking hell*** this is just fucking semantics.  In practice you're not going to get any 1.0BTC channels unless you win trust.
Now there are a bunch of new things that aren't too hard to find, my post history has them if you even bothered to check, that help in your completely stupid and artificial scenario, but fine, let's have them.  I admit they aren't here yet, but they are being worked on.
* Trampoline routing.  A receiver does not reveal their node address in invoices; instead, it reveals an encrypted onion-routed sub-route starting at a randomly-selected node.  Only that node can decrypt it, but it contains another such sub-route to another node, which may or may not be the actual payee node.
* Path decorrelation.  Instead of a constant hash that can be claimed by a constant preimage, we use a SECP256K1 point that can be claimed by a scalar.  Since points and scalars have linear homomorphism, we can arrange that each hop has to add a random scalar (times generator) to the point that it forwards.  Thus, each hop has a different point/scalar it wants to learn in order to claim the incoming payment, but it is different at each hop and no single hop can identify the original payment point/scalar.
In your situation of the buyer going to a face-to-face meeting with a seller, both of whom are carrying their LN nodes in their pockets because they're stupid, they're not going to arrange channels with each other.  They're going to have existing channels to random points on the network, because selecting a node by random is going to be much safer in general.
Now suppose that, against all odds, they happen to have prepared a channel with each other, because they don't know the other's node address, and the motherfucking gods who set up the whole stupid scenario wanted them to fucking kill each other.
With both trampoline routing and path decorrelation, neither of them will even know that they actually have a channel with each other.
* The buyer won't know the seller's node address, because it gets a trampoline-routed sub-route and the only way the buyer can know the seller's node address is to go beat up the randomly-selected node and have it decrypt one layer of the onion.  Then it has to go locate and beat up the next node in the sub-route (again randomly-selected, and possibly physically located in the other side of the motherfucking globe), then the next, until it finds that oh, the guy it's beating up is the seller.
* The seller won't know the buyer's node address, because nothing in the payment protocol requires the payment source to indicate its node address, even the encryption key used in the onion routing is a temporary throwaway generated by the source.
Thus, even if they can see the other guy is carrying their nodes in their pockets, it won't matter that they have a channel between them, they don't know each other's nodes (and it would be very stupid of them to reveal this, this is why we're adding trampoline routes, all right we're mostly adding trampoline routes because custodial services still exist and we want to be able to get our funds from them without telling them our nodes because custodial services cannot be trusted at all not even with the identity of our nodes), and they don't know that they actually have a direct channel to each other, they just randomly selected some nodes on the network to make channels with.
@_date: 2017-12-06 09:48:47
Lightning, CoinSwapCS, TumbleBit, Discreet Log Contracts.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:00:58
Lightning will have a moderate increase in privacy since on-Lightning transactions will be onion-encrypted and off-chain.  However you can still be tracked on whether you used Lightning and how much you earned/spent on Lightning in aggregate.  Someone launching a bunch of nodes could theoretically also triangulate you and gain some hints on what you're spending on, possibly.
Core is vaguely discussing confidential transactions (i.e. transactions where the outputs are encrypted, but still possible for a third party to confirm that inputs sum up to outputs), and there are plans of eventually making MimbleWimble an extension block on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-05 02:40:53
Trezor supports multiple accounts for a device, which will generate different sets of addresses.
Trezor can also be connected to Electrum, although I don't know if it works for the P2SH-P2WPKH addresses used by Trezor SegWit wallets, haven't tried.
@_date: 2018-09-14 08:46:20


It is also trivially easy for a waiter to chase after you, and if you've just had a heavy-enough meal, you're at a tactical disadvantage.
On a pseudonymous network you have a good chance of covering your trail very quickly.
The mere possibility of getting caught is exactly the mechanism Lightning uses to make things work.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:50:56
Not even a hardfork: it would be pointless to do a hardfork as addresses are hashes of the public key, and the public key-private key have a specific numeric relationship that is threatened by Quantum computing.  You can't force existing elliptic-curve public-private keypairs into a new non-elliptic-curve public-private keypair system.
In any case it would be possible with a softfork anyway: just keep supporting the old signing algorithms and add the new signing algorithm as a new SegWit SCRIPT version.  Then encourage everyone to move from old addresses to the post-quantum addresses while Quantum Computers are still too impractically small and slow to crack 256-bit discrete log problems.
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:18:43
Yes. I summon you!
(he doesn't do reddit much anymore though, so maybe he won't appear)
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:25:54
Try localbitcoins.com ?
@_date: 2018-09-27 05:01:02
Theoretically, sidechains can innovate completely new blockchain designs (e.g. MimbleWimble, or "invert the chain" where we commit to the UTXO set instead of transactions (transactions are instead proofs that UTXO set modifications are valid), encoding VarInt consistently across the fucking protocol, etc.).
In practice, I believe that Blockstream has mostly worked inside the Elements sidechain, which is permissioned, to prototype new things like SegWit or `OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY` or re-enabling `OP_CAT` and adding `OP_CHECKSIGFROMSTACK` for covenants, so drivechains is not really considered particularly necessary at this point.
I believe there are concerns about sidechain end-of-life, where a sidechain's features may one day be added to mainchain, reducing the value of the sidecoin (its features will be in mainchain and mainchain has better than SPV security, so...) and triggering a massive pegged conversion to maincoin.  Unfortunately the value of the pegged conversion is secured by the sidechain fees, which we know will go down because the sidechain will be at end-of-life.  So... if the sidechain succeeds to the point its features are ported to the mainchain, then sidecoin hodlers are rewarded by... having their sidecoins lose value due to unstable peg :P
@_date: 2017-12-05 08:32:38
@_date: 2019-07-11 08:15:19
Bitcoin has the ability to switch to a different signing algorithm, although all the current post-quantum signing algorithms suck relative to Schnorr (usually no homomorphic linearity, which breaks MimbleWimble and Taproot and single-signature m-of-n and Scriptless Script and ...).  Post-quantum signatures also tend to be much larger than EC signatures, and/or take much longer times to verify.  Some signing schemes --- usually hash-based ones, which are the ones we are most certain of being quantum-resistant --- allow signing only once, so that forces non-reuse of addresses (i.e. an address can only be safely sent to exactly once).
Bitcoin has the ability to programmatically censor transactions (for example, after a certain blockheight we can prevent non-post-quantum UTXOs from ever being spent), which can be enabled so that "lost" Bitcoins that remain unclaimed will remain lost (and will not destroy the market value of Bitcoin).
Anyway ---
There is an algorithm which only Quantum computers can execute, called Shor's algorithm.
This algorithm, suitably parametrized, can be used to determine private keys from public keys, using fewer steps than a traditional computer.
A traditional computer would, on average, require 2^255 steps to hack a private key from public key.  A Quantum computer, with at least 256 qubits, would require ~3000 steps.
Now, Quantum computers are not magic.  In particular, it is not necessarily true that one "step" of a Quantum computer would take the same amount of time as a traditional computer.
In fact, the first Quantum computers will probably start being ***much slower than*** traditional computers, and would also be able to process far fewer than 256 qubits.
Finally, there are other, easier targets than ECDSA/Schnorr.  2048-bit RSA, for example, has practically speaking only about 112 bits of security compared to 128 bits for a Bitcoin ECDSA signature.
So seeing a quantum computer first break 1024-bit and 2048-bit RSA would be the impetus needed to trigger a proposal to add post-quantum signature schemes to Bitcoin.  RSA is the canary here.
For reference, current quantum computers are known to break up to 16-bit prime factors (RSA is a prime factorization problem, so this is roughly equivalent to breaking a mythical 16-bit RSA).
@_date: 2017-12-05 02:58:53
The minimum-bandwidth setting is -blocksonly, which is about 150Mb down per day and about 5Mb up per day according to bitcoin.org
The more relevant limit is the bandwidth cap and not speed.  Many ISPs in the USA have bandwidth caps even if the download speeds are very fast.
Note that unless you get the blockchain separately on a harddisk or something, you need to download the current &gt;150Gb of blockchain during initial synchronization.  That will probably eat a good chunk of your bandwidth cap for your first month of operation (if your ISP imposes a bandwidth cap).
People have managed to run bitcoind on a Raspberry Pi 1, but that was years ago when the blockchain was less than 50Gb and it took months for initial block download (not because of bandwidth but because of low CPU and memory).  More recent Raspberry Pi's may do better, but you really need a SATA connection at this point for harddisk, practical SD cards at this point won't fit the blockchain in a few years.
Somebody mentioned a low-cost x86 computer, those would work and secondhand ones are almost as cheap as brand-new later-model Raspberry Pis.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:33:57
For what it's worth it was sometimes capitalized that way a long time ago. I'll have to double check the exact name of the original release, so that's probably not accurate.
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:49:41
Requires a majority vote by miners to transfer from side to main.  Voting period takes a few months, which is where the "few times per year" where money can be transferred out from side to main comes from.  Transfers from main to side occur as fast as normal mainchain transactions.
The big problem with sidechains is that they're a miner-controlled blocksize increase, which is why most devs are not pushing for it: it could lead to centralization of the mainchain layer, which is not the case for e.g. LN.
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:15:10
You only need equal-amount outputs, and get back change in different outputs. So for example you have 0.16 and I have 0.12 UTXOs, we CoinJoin and make a tx that ouputs 0.1, 0.1, 0.06, and 0.02. It's obvious the 0.06 belongs to you and the 0.02 belongs to me, but who owns which of the two 0.1s cannot be easily determined.
With larger set size the equal-valued outputs can be mixed with a hundred other users and difficult to figure out.
Wasabi handles this by refusing to let you spend an output derived from an equal-valued CoinJoin output with unmixed coins, or change from a CoinJoin. You can get around this by sending all funds to another wallet but that's you deliberately breaking your own privacy. Look up "ZeroLink" for the rules.
Schnorr is irrelevant here.
In fact the incoming Schnorr implementation is not going to support cross-input aggregation yet, so this benefit won't be possible for a good while yet.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:01:51
Trezor has "legacy" and "SegWit" accounts, and Trezor defaults to "SegWit".
@_date: 2018-09-28 12:32:26
Yes, looks like they need the forward-compatible mode, sigh.  There's a movement to pressure services (wallets, exchanges, etc.) to support "bc1" addresses.
If your wallet gives "bc1" addresses then it should be able to pay to "1", "3", and "bc1" addresses.  Probably not the LN-only "lnbc" though.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:25:04
While what he says is technically true, do note that Wasabi CoinJoins regularly get anonymity sets of 100 (50 on a slow day), whereas Monero anonymity sets would be lucky to have 15.  More raw usage means more places you can hide in, so in practice, 1 BTC == 1 BTC.  Just use Wasabi, or JoinMarket, and get your privacy back (Wasabi is easier to use and the anonymity-to-price ratio is better but you have to anonymize in batches of 0.1 BTC, JoinMarket lets you anonymize smaller sizes but you need many rounds to get good anonymity).
@_date: 2019-07-05 04:49:18
Thus my hopes were dashed...
@_date: 2018-09-28 12:15:32
No, your wallet is strictly an upgrade over the unupgraded wallet and is perfectly back-compatible.
What you're wondering about is back-compatibility and forward-compatibility.  SegWit is fully back-compatible in that it can send and receive from everywhere.
SegWit also has a forward-compatibility mode where the address it generates will start with "3" instead of "bc1".  This address is known to work even on old wallets (really really old wallets (6 years or more old) might not support it).  However your wallet may not make this address available or might hide this behind some obscure option.
@_date: 2019-07-18 07:29:15
Nope :). That's the magic of SegWit.  The signatures no longer change the TXID.  This fixes transaction malleability, because signatures can be trivially malleated by flipping the sign of the `s` component (it remains valid and you still can't learn the secret privkey, but it *does* change the byte-level representation, which is important because the TXID is a hash), and you can easily malleate transactiosn by malleating signatures.  By moving signatures to the witness area, and requiring that TXIDs not include the witness area (TXIDs with witness, called WTXID, are committed in a second merkle tree in the coinbase), SegWit adds a malleability fix and a softforked blocksize increase and a quadratic sighash bugfix in a single softfork. :) It also means that the TXID of a signed tx is the same as its unsigned version (only its WTXID changes, but transaction spends only refer to TXID, WTXID is only used when the transaction is in the block).
So I suppose we should specify that the wallet ***MUST*** support SegWit for all its inputs, and ***only*** SegWit.   Can be native or P2SH-SegWit.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:28:41
If all electricity in the world was being used just to run Bitcoin, why would you buy a laptop, a computer, a cellphone, a game console, or even just a light bulb?  What would Bitcoin's value be then?  What would you exchange for Bitcoin?
That means that the price will readjust until mining drops to a level that the market will consider necessary.
@_date: 2019-07-05 05:55:22
Because even the hardware design is open source.  This is unlike a Ledger, which has a "hardware security module" whose design is not auditable.
Ledger keeps making these "oh we can extract seeds from a Trezor easy, we just need the Trezor itself and some high-end electronics equipment and some hours and it totally looks like we opened the Trezor and can't put it back together" claims, which are true, but pointless: access to your hardware wallet should be considered a theft event whether or not it's a Ledger or a Trezor.
On the other hand, the "hardware security module" has a secret design, and is not sourceable from ordinary electronics shops.  You're trusting Ledger that the design works and is correct, and that there isn't some signal it can recognize and would cause it to transmit the private keys to a Ledger engineer.
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:19:36
Electrum uses P2WPKH, while the OP mentioned that he used Trezor which uses P2SH-P2WPKH. You'll need a Trezor wallet to verify I think.
@_date: 2018-09-06 11:33:57
Not so certain it's new, Andrew Poelstra has been talking about Scriptless Script for a few years now.  The important insight is that the clever construction of adaptor signatures leads to something that acts like a hashlock (except only those involved in the protocol learn the equivalent of preimage) and first signing a later transaction with a valid `nLockTime` before signing the transaction that commits funds is equivalent to a CLTV, resulting in a hashlocked timelocked contract (HTLC) that is not expressed in SCRIPT.  The hope is that similar constructions will work for more complicated SCRIPT usages.
@_date: 2017-12-05 09:33:15


It's still dependent on the existence of a reasonably healthy fullnode network: yes you need only one honest node, but if there are not even any honest nodes left, what happens?  Admittedly a fraud-proofed SPV network might work with a much smaller fullnode network than what we have nowadays, and all it takes is one fullnode behaving honestly to punch a hole through those attempting to force an inflationary hardfork through.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:47:05
Nodes reject the block with too much reward, preventing them from being put into the consensus blockchain.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:34:19
What is your opinion on SPV?
My analysis is that a network primarily of SPV nodes would essentially cave in to those running fullnodes (i.e. miners and large businesses) due to the fact that SPV nodes cannot verify inflation (or lack thereof).
Hence the block size limit must be kept low enough that SPV nodes are not excessively encouraged, i.e. it should be within reach of a technical person to run a Bitcoin fullnode.
Thus the block size limit is an important cap in ensuring that the network remains robust against the potential for inflation.
EDIT: I also suspect that the civil war will come either in the next halvening, or the next next one, so your "2028" for the Third Age of Bitcoin seems a bit conservative to me.
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:46:14
The point of the P2SH-P2WPKH addresses is precisely back compatibility with pre SegWit wallets. So yes that will work.
@_date: 2018-09-17 04:48:54


That's already part of the x100 scaling I quoted, and the extra difficulties make me lower my estimates to x10.  That's still pretty good since order-of-magnitude improvements are always good.
Look, it's nice that you're enthusiastic about this and I don't like being a wet blanket, but I'm a bit nearer the development action and I'm giving you pretty accurate information. x10 scaling from channel factories is achievable, maybe x100 if it works well in practice, but x1000 is much beyond what it can do.  LN can achieve x1000 all by itself, and eltoo would be nice for channel factories but is not a strict requirement of channel factories (but the mere fact that it removes toxic waste is an important advantage already so it's likely to get implemented "soon", where "soon" is 2-&gt;3 years) and does not increase scalability, but does increase useability.
@_date: 2018-09-29 10:54:27
Not all people are educated about financial freedom.  I have to carefully manage my wife's expectations about our future since I myself am still working on financial freedom.
But in the end the biggest determinant of what your life will be is who your parents were.  I think it's helpful to read the book "Guns, Germs, and Steel" by Jared Diamond.  A lot of the inequality in this world is nobody's fault: a path forked in the woods, one brother took one path and his brother took the other path, with no good basis of which path was better and unable to make a truly informed decision, and centuries later the descendants of one brother are enslaving the descendants of the other.
You are no doubt someone who was educated and got access to the Internet very early.  I am such myself, and I see so many people in my country far less fortunate than me.  They are afraid of Bitcoin and cannot understand the basis of money, understanding only that money is something that some government defines as money.  They can't do the math of lotteries and the government runs a lottery.  Banks make onerous and complicated paper requirements to get access to the stock market, which most don't bother because they don't understand any of it.  And so on.  Life could be better, but people would think me strange if I point it out and won't believe me anyway ("you're just book-educated, the real world doesn't work like that, believe me I lived that" --- except the sum total of several books represents far more wisdom than real-world experience can give).  So I just keep my head down and continue working towards my own family's financial independence.  Maybe with more power I can do something more than just my family, but I don't have enough yet for my own family's financial independence, so...
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:43:19
I think so, although there's more data than just the blockchain.  The major data that needs to be saved in addition to the blockchain is the UTXO set, which I believe is an SQLite database; I don't know if they would be binary-compatible (should be...?).  I believe 0.15.0 changed the UTXO database to fix a bug, so you need to use the same version on the main computer as your little node computer.
In fact, it's the UTXO set that your fullnode needs to keep up-to-date which is why pruning nodes will still need to download the entire blockchain: the UTXO set is derived from progressing through the blockchain history.
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:01:11
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:14:01
Consider the top charities recommended by 
GiveWell measures the number of lives saved per dollar donated, which is a much better measure of charity effectiveness than say admin overhead. After all that is the whole point of charity.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:38:53
TIL Trump is an [AI in a box who has boxed the entire USA](
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:34:12
Better than that.  Once the exchanges make routes to merchants, you'd be able to deposit your fiat salary on the exchange, have them transfer funds to you on-Lightning, then pay to merchants for products and services.  Merchants then trade their BTC for local fiat to pay their employees and suppliers, moving BTC back to the exchange.  You may never have to get off-Lightning ever.
@_date: 2017-12-01 10:20:18
You could.  The main vulnerability is quantum computing.  Address is immune to quantum computing until you make *any* spend from the address.
If you want, you can arrange your donation code this way:
1.  Keep two wallets.  One primarily for receiving, the other primarily for spending.
2.  Generate an address for donation and put on website.  Use the receiving wallet.
3.  Once a week, check the receiving wallet.  If anyone left a donation, send all donations to your sending wallet, then get a new address from your receiving wallet and replace the address on the website.
4.  Don't spend directly from the receiving wallet!!!!!
@_date: 2018-09-28 12:35:22
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:07:02


@_date: 2017-12-06 01:54:01
Get a wallet with SegWit support and make a new wallet specifically enabling SegWit.  Trezor and Ledger use P2SH-P2WPKH, which is a "back-compatibility" mode so that lousy software like Coinbase can send to it; they use addresses starting with "3" like all "normal" P2SH addresses.
Electrum uses P2WPKH directly when in SegWit mode, which requires a new address type starting with "bc1".  Only Electrum supports sending to "bc1" addresses, so you need to receive to an Electrum legacy wallet, then send to the Electrum fully-SegWit wallet.  Hopefully more wallets support sending to "bc1" addresses eventually.
Spending from P2SH-P2WPKH has lower fees, but P2WPKH is even lower (by a slight amount).
@_date: 2018-09-13 10:01:27
The details are extremely technical.  Below are the parts of LN that have important security issues:
1.  Bitcoin transactions are used to represent state of the channel between nodes.
2.  Payments involve updating the state of multiple channels "atomically", i.e. all-or-nothing; if this is not done then someone along the route from payer to payee could lose money.
3.  Payer need to somehow inform multiple nodes that you want to update their channels in order to get a payment to the payee; if not done carefully then anyone along that route can figure out who is paying whom.
All of them have generally considered to be solved.
1.  Since channels need to change state dynamically, older states must somehow be invalidated, so that if those transactions are published onchain, a mechanism exists which punishes the node that publishes the old state.  The detail can be found in the original Poon-Dryja Lightning Network paper.
2.  Multiple state updates of effectively-asynchronous channels involves the use of contingent payments, specifically HTLCs, to ensure that either all the updates push through, or none of them push through.  The detail can also be found in the original Poon-Dryja Lightning Network paper.
3.  The payer uses an onion construction, where the next node to be paid is the only one that can decrypt the packet and know about the next next node.  The ultimate payer knows the entire route and the ultimate payee, but the intermediate nodes can only guess heuristically who the payer and payee are, and the payee itself cannot know for certain which node actually paid it.  The detail can be found in BOLT 4 of the lightning-rfc spec.
@_date: 2018-09-27 23:49:17
Strictly speaking, politics is the formation and administration of policy.  That you propose to replace human policy-makers with some cybernetic-decentralized system, is itself part of the formation of policy and is therefore strictly speaking politics.
That meat-sack humans evolved with specific brain circuitry that subtly biases their policy-making decision towards finding excuses to kill the other guy, take their stuff, and rape his wife/daughter, is strictly speaking not the fault of politics.
In a posthuman world, hopefully we or our descendants will have the wisdom to consider removing such circuitry from our brains, regardless, but that would be a policy decision and therefore require politics.
@_date: 2018-09-29 10:43:02
Not all interactions are zero-sum, otherwise we would never cooperate and always just be on the lookout for ourselves. Some interactions can be made positive-sum (specializing and then trading your specialty for someone else's specialty) and some interactions can be made negative-sum (war).
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:41:01
Yes, dollar cost averaging is more about managing human psychology than about managing money.  If you have a pile of cash in the bank, you are losing and you should invest it all.  But a pile of cash is psychologically safe and parting with it, with the chance that what you invested in suddenly dropping massively is psychologically bad.
But with DCA, if the market goes down, you think "now my next purchase is cheaper, so I win!".  If the market goes up, you think "now my previous purchase has earned, so I win!".  That manages your psychological fears and lets you convert a pile of cash to a pile of probably-will-earn-in-the-long-run assets.
@_date: 2018-09-13 10:28:21
One plan that is being played around with is "UTXO set commitments", which basically means that we will require each block to include a commitment to the contents of the UTXO database.
This is complicated, because you don't want a commitment that requires a specific order for the UTXO set, since different databases (used by different Bitcoin clients) may have specific preferences on how the order of the UTXO is most easily organized.
The inimitable has invented a couple of unordered set commitments (Mu and Sigma, depending on how the individual commitments are combined: by discrete log multiplication or by something something else addition (the maths escape me, sorry)).  If I remember correctly he prefers the Mu.
If it pushes through, then every coinbase past the activation of this feature must have this commitment, and will be checked by every true fullnode that downloads the entire blockchain.  Then you might download a supposedly-accurate UTXO database that exists for a specific block at a blockheight, then compute the UTXO set commitment and compare it to what was committed in that block on the longest chain you have access to (with more SPV trust the deeper that commitment was buried in).
This is still SPV trust though: you are depending on the fact that other people have checked the commitment, and based on that other-people-verification you will trust a UTXO database that somebody else snapshotted.  Full trustlessness requires that you truly download the entire blockchain yourself.  The advantage is that you can be SPV only on the initial synch, then have better security later, and if the commitment is say buried for a few years already, the probability of the blockchain on top of that being faked will approach the probability of practical security breaks anyway.
@_date: 2018-09-03 17:38:35


Because most of those coins aren't really valuable --- or interesting --- and the only reason they have no ASICs is nobody really cares about them.  Consider how Litecoin, with its supposedly "ASIC-proof" hashing algo, now has ASICs.  From there, you can be very very certain with high probability that any "ASIC-proof" hashing algorithm will not, in fact, turn out to be ASIC-proof, when push comes to shove.
You seem to not have taken Futamura Projections to heart.  Anything that can be interpreted can be compiled, often with efficiency benefits, and the CPU is *only an interpreter*.


I propose that instead of trying to step backwards, we *step forwards* and greet the day when building hashing ASICs is something a college course might teach in an elective, to decentralize mining back to the people.
@_date: 2017-12-06 06:41:01
Yes, that's why it won't get into Bitcoin yet as of the current implementation.  Work will continue to improve its performance, and maybe if it gets better we'll consider again, but for now, it won't get into BTC yet.
@_date: 2018-09-05 16:54:10
Bitcoin SCRIPT is very limited.  It can't access anything outside of the transaction it is executing on, and it's total, meaning no looping. The disabling of `OP_CAT` means it can't even quine, so getting a SCRIPT to make multiple copies of itself is not even possible within its own world.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:10:13


What? They do this all the time.  Sometimes they give printed pieces of paper instead, but you could always get etched pieces of steel instead if you insist.
@_date: 2018-09-27 23:58:33
This enables, among other things, the alternate eltoo protocol for Lightning Network.
Another is that it allows the possibility that specialized-protocol software need not implement their own wallet: 
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:41:35
For practical numbers, rather than theoreticals, you will need a bunch of statistics.
1. Average practical route length `L`. You will have to weigh this according to approximate assumed transactions to each merchant.
2. Average transaction forwards per second per node `F`. Should be measurable by any long lived LN node.
3. Total nodes `N`. Note that some nodes will be completely invisible from node gossip, not having any non-published channels, which is being promoted by Eclair in particular; you could try asking Eclair devs/users if they have an estimate of the ratio of invisible nodes to visible nodes.
`F * N / L` should give an estimate of transactions per second in practice.
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:13:49


Why would miners bother putting them at high priority?
Perhaps consider instead, to make it have some weight.  For example, a payment transaction could have a weight of 2 while a consolidation transaction has a weight of 1, then you could have a weight limit of 1000 per block or something similar.
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:38:47


You're supposed to do that with LN too, so you might as well just use LN on top of mainchain without going through the friction of swapping mainchain for sidechain funds.


@_date: 2018-09-27 09:09:07
Well, Land Value Taxes are the only fair tax, but it's usually trivial to game the property values (in my country, a property that sells for say $50,000 would on official forms be listed as something like $10,000 to reduce the property taxes).
@_date: 2018-09-14 04:00:20
No, it was described later on by Satoshi when the idea came up.
@_date: 2019-07-04 08:38:31
You would have to reject all incoming connections (i.e. be pure client), because then an s2x node could connect to you, and if it had more hashpower behind it (i.e. the "follow the miners" thing) it would convince your lightnode.
If you only follow the "seed nodes" i.e. the fixed servers run by the developers of your specific implementations, then you are beholden to the developers.
Only fullnoding gives you a *chance* to keep your choice away from miners or developers.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:26:39
Increase your reddit karma with this one neat trick!
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:57:43
First, addresses exist on the base Bitcoin blockchain layer.  On LN, it's about nodes.  Nodes get paid, nodes do the paying, nodes make channels.
Current Lightning BOLT 1.0 requires single-funded channels for now, i.e. a channel is bidirectional, but starts out with all funds assigned to one side of the channel.  Since it's one-sided it's initially possible to go only in one direction.
You could open a channel to a newb, send them some funds on it, and they can reuse that channel to spend that funds elsewehere.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:18:14
Investment firms invest in startups, that's a shock?
Here is a lengthy post of mine about scaling: 
@_date: 2018-09-11 13:08:35
By offering a non-0 interest rate denominated in the same deflationary currency, which you can provide by having expertise in an industry that your competitors do not have, i.e. the normal way.
You'd even be able to promise lower returns than in an inflationary currency, because if you return the same amount (i.e. 0% interest) it'll be indistinguishable on their end from HODLing.  OF course you can't just promise 0% interest, since they'd be trusting you, and no doubt they'll be keeping a keen eye on their investment, but that's how angel investors work nowadays *anyway*.
Yes, the value they HODL in bitcoin will go up, but as long as you promise to pay them back in bitcoin also, it won't matter.
@_date: 2018-09-13 09:16:15
Channel factories will provide a 10x scaling, while the LN itself provides 100x scaling.  Eltoo's main advantage is the removal of "toxic waste" i.e. old states that could lose all your funds if somebody else uses them (or you accidentally use them yourself), at the cost of some increase in complexity when computing delays in the payment onion.  Channel factories will come much later than eltoo, and eltoo itself will probably be 2-3 years away.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:30:37
Theoretically yes, but the implementation of that will be so much harder.  It's not in Lightning BOLT 1.0 spec, and there are no plans (that I know of) of putting such a feature in 1.1.  Maybe 2.0 someday...?
@_date: 2018-09-28 05:10:48
Time in the market beats timing the market.  Never invest in anything (Bitcoin, stocks, your friend's business) with the expectation of getting rich quickly.  Always take the long view.
@_date: 2017-12-07 03:39:30
Yes, and then God (read: the Bitcoin community) gave Andreas eternal life(time supply of coins).
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:36:23


By sending it to exactly one other node, and no more than that.  So it's no longer a broadcast but a single-cast.
When the receiver receives a Dandelion request, it does a random dice roll and either broadcasts it (the "fluff" phase where the transaction is broadcast), or sends it to just one other peer (continuing the "stem' phase).
Encryption unnecessary, just an end-to-end tunnel.  Some people run bitcoind nodes over Tor, so the tunnel is encrypted using standard Tor encryption.
@_date: 2018-09-03 10:32:17


Except that such a thing is impossible.  I've mentioned ASICBOOST a number of times and you haven't realized it yet, so I'll be more explicit now:
ASICBOOST comes from the interaction between the SHA256 algorithm, and the blockchain's Merkleized linked-list algorithm.  SHA256 processes bytes in batches of 64, but the Merkleized linked-list used by Bitcoin specifically (the Bitcoin header) is 80 bytes.  Thus there are two batches of SHA256 for each Bitcoin header.
The normal way to mine is to iterate over nonces.  The nonce word is in the last 4 bytes of the header, thus in the second batch of SHA256.  ASICBOOST varies the data in the first batch, creating different midstates that can be used in parallel with various values of nonces in the second batch.  The key in ASICBOOST is realizing that part of the computation of the second batch (the compression stage) can be shared with different midstates that vary the result of the first batch.
Under overt ASICBOOST you vary the version field in the first batch of bytes, because Bitcoin is very loose about what block versions are acceptable; it's overt because usually the version field has only a few bits set, but overt ASICBOOST will set many random bits.  Under covert ASICBOOST you have to make various tries at the Merkle Tree Root (which straddles the boundary between the first and second batch) that match in the last 4 bytes.
In any case: SHA256 and the Bitcoin block algorithm were thought to be simple enough that surprising optimizations like ASICBOOST would not be found.  And yet ASICBOOST was found.  We're pretty lucky the patent owner hasn't been licensing it out, otherwise mining would have centralized around him due to his optimization.  Your proposal to add even more complexity by adding more problems that can be solved, selected by a PRNG, means more ASICBOOST-like optimizations will be lurking somewhere.  The interaction between the PRNG and the various problems are a likely source of ASICBOOST-like optimizations.
Another characteristic of ASICBOOST is that *it is very specific*.  It can't be used to boost normal SHA256d operations.  It can only very specifically boost hashing of Bitcoin block headers.
So pay attention.  I predict, if you can make your plan succeed:
1.  People will discover optimizations between the interactions of your parts.  More parts, more interactions, more hidden optimizations.
2. Those optimizations, like ASICBOOST, will only work specifically with how your various parts interact, and not in general.  Thus a special-purpose machine will (1) be optimized better than a general-purpose machine and (2) the optimization won't apply generally, so your hope that special-purpose optimized modules that can work in general will be dashed, because all the interesting optimizations will only apply specifically to how you put the PRNG and the different problems together, and not within the individual problems only.
3. AT least one of those optimizations will be patented and then licensed out, centralizing mining around the patent owner even worse than today.
If you really have 20 years of experience, then you know that you can't really design anything well without something to target.  And that something to target tends to have to be nailed down, because if it's a moving target you will never be able to deliver code fast enough (not to mention how in the world are you going to update every piece of software that verifies block headers if you can't nail down how the blocks are computed in the first place).  Once you nail down how the different problems and the PRNG that selects them interact, then people can start looking for ASICBOOST-like optimizations, and most of those optimizations will be based on the details about how the individual parts interact, and the *more parts there are*, *the more likely there will be ASICBOOST-like optimizations*.  We're fortunate that ASICBOOST as originally designed was overt (varies version bits) and thus could in theory be detected automatically if it pushed through (by sacrificing the ability to signal updates in the version bits), and that the covert version of ASICBOOST was interfered with by SegWit's new witness commitments.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:06:51
Are you referring to the hashing problem that miners have to solve?  It's generated from the commitment to the transactions that are in the block, as well as the miner's own payout address (which is typically randomly generated).  It already solves a real world problem, that of protecting against digital double-spends.
Now many newbies think "we should use a real-world problem like solving prime numbers or something with utility beyond the blockchain!".  This is wrong, because it is susceptible to the below behavior:
1.  Suppose there are 3 problem-solvers with equal chance of solving the current block's problem, A, B, and C.
2.  Suppose A finds a solution to the current block   A then proceeds to the next block 
3.  B and C have a choice: continue to solve the current block (ignoring A's block  or solve the next block  by building on top of A's current block 
4.  If the solution can be sold for something else (i.e. a real-world problem) then B and C can feasibly ignore A's block, because if they make a new block B's  but A is able to also solve A's block  on top of A's block  they can still sell the solution separately.
5.  If the solution *cannot* be sold for something else, like how Bitcoin is designed already, then B and C will want to build on top of A's block  immediately, because they want to solve a block  that will be on the longest chain.
Thus it's important to not use a real-world problem, otherwise every miner will be interested in solving the "real-world problem" and not in securing the blockchain.  If miners became more interested in securing the blockchain more, then it's not really an important enough real-world problem and you might as well just use the Bitcoin style of not bothering with a "real-world problem".
@_date: 2018-09-26 01:48:41
This is the reason why 0-conf transactions whose signatories do not include yourself in an N-of-N are not safe.  Only 0-conf transactions whose signatories include yourself are safe, since you always authorize the creation of a new transaction version; Lightning Network, for example, uses 2-of-2 for the funding transaction of the channel, leading to truly safe 0-conf.
Note that there is already software which treats ***all*** transactions as RBF *even if the transaction does not opt in RBF*.  Miners are incentivized to use this software because they can potentially earn more from it.  I think I've seen Peter Todd claim it is actively in-use by a "sizable minority" of mining hashrate.
0-conf is not safe *unless you are one of the signatories in the transaction*.
When RBF was first proposed it was largely rejected, but unfortunately it is incentive-compatible to miners, and fullnodes cannot detect the existence of RBF after-the-fact.  It's the same problem with the original conception of `nSequence`, i.e. the miners had to deliberately follow a policy of using the transaction with the highest seen `nSequence` even if it paid a lower fee (which is not incentive-compatible; miners might deliberately ignore a transaction with higher `nSequence` with a lower feerate and use the older transaction with higher feerate); no fullnode can, after-the-fact, detect if the miner cheated and used the lower-`nSequence` higher-fee transaction.
Again, note: there already exists [software][fullrbf] that treats ***all*** transactions as RBF.  You cannot safely accept 0-conf if you are not one of the signatories to the 0-conf transaction, full stop, because you are trusting that miners will not use the "full RBF" software.
[fullrbf]: 
@_date: 2018-09-18 08:57:23
He contributes to Blockstream's c-lightning,  a few people have assumed he's a Blockstream employee, but he's actually a freelancer that I got into bitcoin and hired for LN dev.  I was actually pretty loose; all I really wanted was to get some LN implementation to "mainnet-ready" enough without specifying any particular implementation, and he chose c-lightning since it was implemented in C (which among C, Go, and Scala, he has most experience with).
@_date: 2018-09-18 08:52:46


In the stem phase there's a chance I didn't originate it, but just forwarded it from somebody else who, similarly, might or might not have originated it.
Then if you randomly roll it into the fluff phase it looks to everyone else not on the stem that it came from you instead of me (or somebody upstream from me).
@_date: 2018-09-27 05:33:29
Dunno what the grandparent posted (deleted now), but from context of the rest of the conversation here it looks like "miners can steal sidechain funds outright, just like they can steal SegWit anyone-can-spend outputs".
There is a difference in the SegWit and the Drivechain case.  In SegWit, the rules can be enforced by mainchain fullnodes and the miners will effectively be hardforking if they violate the rules of SegWit.
In Drivechain, mainchain fullnodes cannot know if miners are in fact following the rules of the sidechain; there is no mechanism for a sidechain fullnode to prove, trustlessly, to a non-trusting mainchain node that the withdrawal request that all the miners are voting for are actually violating the sidechain's rules.  Thus the miners in aggregate can choose to steal a sidechain's entire backing funds.  
This does not necessarily mean that a 51% majority is needed for miners to steal sidechain funds: it's possible for a miner to do "SPV sidechain mining" i.e. just upvote any withdrawal request without running a sidechain fullnode to verify that the withdrawal is valid, so that the hashpower needed to  perform this attack can be much lower than 51%.  To mitigate against this, withdrawals take several months so that "SPV sidechain mining" miners can upgrade to sidechain fullnodes.  There's no real incentive to *downgrade* though, which is why it's been pointed out that drivechains is just miner-controlled block size increase.
@_date: 2018-09-14 04:36:54
eltoo requires a flag, `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`, to be implemented in the base layer.  It also requires the protocol to actually be implemented on top of `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`. I've talked directly to one of the eltoo paper authors and he estimates 3 years before it can be implemented at beta level, which is actually reasonably accurate: the Lightning Network paper describing the sketch of how LN looks *today* was written about 2.5 years ago, and we're just out of alpha and getting into beta, really.  So not 2019, maybe early to mid 2021, sorry.
`SIGHASH_NOINPUT` is likely to be packaged with a variety of other changes (Schnorr, taproot, maybe some sigagg but there are lots of issues cropping up around it, maybe MAST), and there's the proposal of `SIGHASH2` which is basically a generalization of `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` but is more complicated to implement, so the `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` update is not likely to get activated (or possibly completely implemented) this year, and *then* the LN implementations have to go update for eltoo also.


No, because channel factories containing more than a few dozen channels will be unwieldy.  You do still have to coordinate the creation of the channel factory with all participants online at the same time, which is easier with less than a hundred participants.  There are mechanisms for channel manipulation when not all participants are online but they involve more transactions, so unilateral closes have larger onchain footprints.  Cooperative closes which collapse the entire channel factory require all participants to be similarly online, so the number of unilateral closes will be larger than without channel factories simply because of availability of participants, again eroding its scaling.  So 10x, maybe 100x much later on (when online availability is more reliable even in say 3rd world countries).
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:59:49
I'm saying that for the people who would value Dandelion, the end-to-end tunnel would be implemented over Tor anyway.  Otherwise your ISP can always snoop on each transaction you generate yourself, Dandelion or not.
This reuses existing services (Tor) rather than build new cryptosystems.
Onion-serviced bitcoin fullnodes are otherwise possible to track without Dandelion by measuring the distance from an "outburst" of a particular transaction.  Dandelion makes that part harder.
There's also [BIP151]( although I'm not sure it's completely implemented.
@_date: 2018-09-14 09:31:37
You cannot really reliably limit number of mining accounts to say one per person. A large corporation can easily just hire people unininterested in mining and have them effectively hand over control of their accounts to them.  It simply is not possible.  So the real limit is access to real-world resources and proving that you consumed those resources in mining.  That is how you limit mining to more-or-less real people who are willing to consume resources in order to get paid for securing the network.  And any advantage in this area will snowball inevitably until practical real-world limits to implementation are hit, which breaks the snowball.
Look at how Bitmain is now falling apart because they've hit their practical limits in 40nm technology, and other companies are eating Bitmain's lunch with 7nm technology.  Those other companies will eventually snowball themselves until they hit the limits of 7nm technology, at which point the snowball breaks apart and mining decentralizes once again.
In short you'll see this centralize-decentralize over and over again repeatedly until we reach a point where it is simply not physically possible to optimize SHA256 further, at which point everyone else can catch up and then creation of miners becomes distributed.
We're basically just relying on the very high probability that while a single company can snowball, it would be unlikely to snowball above 50% before their snowball hits some real-world limit and breaks.
@_date: 2019-07-02 06:38:15
I retire.
@_date: 2019-07-13 23:58:09
Yes, that's the broken version by Satoshi, with an incrementing `nSequence`. The 2-of-2 makes it slightly safer (payer cannot arbitarily double-spend funding allocation) but the `nSequence` part is still broken and you can still bribe Jihan to mine the older `nSequence` txs.
@_date: 2018-09-25 00:17:45
It's what you get when you try faking a Satoshi
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:55:55
If you shout out to the whole world a bug that the bad guys seem to have managed to miss for two years, before a *tested* release of the software with the bugfix is available, you will deal even more damage.
The less evil choice would be to underplay the real problem while encouraging mass adoption of the new version.
This is standard operating procedure for all open source security software. SSH, GPG, Linux, etc devs all would do the same.
@_date: 2017-12-01 10:15:44
The main vulnerability is quantum computing.  The address itself is immune to quantum computing, but loses that immunity once you spend from the address (it now becomes a quantum computing time bomb that will reveal the private key of the address once spent, if a quantum computer with sufficient qubits has already been invented).  Thus, address reuse is highly discouraged.  If you spend from your wallet, you should indeed change addresses.  Privacy-wise, you should prefer not to link multiple payments by using the same addresses.
Another issue is R reuse; if your random number generator is crap, you might accidentally reuse the same R to sign a different transaction with the same private key, which will leak the private key using Math.  This shouldn't happen with properly-designed wallet software.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:02:33
Because transferring fiat into/out of some exchanges requires a lot of paperwork (KYC/AML), and most people don't want to bother with that.
Also, internationally, some fiat currencies are not doing as well as they are officially supposed to be doing, e.g. Zimbabwean Dollar.
@_date: 2018-09-06 11:19:14


Because it wasn't a well-thought-out design in the first place.  A SCRIPT with `OP_DUP OP_CAT` repeated 32 times would crash any bitcoind from out-of-memory with a single word in witness, which is why `OP_CAT` is disabled.  For full measure, most math operations were also disabled, because enough `OP_DUP OP_MULT` operations would also crash from out-of-memory (multiplying two 32-bit numbers results in a 64-bit number, multiplying two 64-bit numbers results in a 128-bit number, do that enough times and `OP_CAT` and `OP_MULT` will look very similar in that they both consume all available memory).
Limiting looping is just the easiest way to limit OOM, but obviously any loop can be unrolled by hand and some operations (`OP_CAT` `OP_MULT`) are going to be able to double their memory consumption each time you iterate, so even with a limit on the length of the script, ha.


Scriptless Scripts even show that Bitcoin SCRIPT is not strictly necessary for a conditional transfer in exchange for a secret.  In combination with `nLockTime` (not `OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY`, even) and transaction malleability fix (so that you can safely sign dependent transactions before signing their parents) a good amount of functionality is possible outside of SCRIPT.
@_date: 2018-09-03 12:21:35
You can if you have the skills to do so.  Personally I'd suggest looking through current applications and asking yourself what to contribute to.
@_date: 2018-09-03 23:40:16
10^10 problems is somehow not complex and will not lead to hidden optimizations?  You simply do not comprehend what you yourself are saying.  Go and do what you want.  Even your analysis that ASICs are somehow centralized because they're ASICs is daft.  Every computer has some ASIC whose only purpose is to regulate the voltage flowing into every other component, and designing those is trivial and can be done by a smart college undergrad, and those are more common than your vaunted general-purpose devices (since such devices are also put into televisions, electric stoves, washing machines and so on).
You are not paying attention, so I will not bother to respond to you further.
@_date: 2019-07-09 02:06:07
Yes.  But note that the excuse given for the MtGox hack (if you believe it) is that people were using signature malleability to fool MtGox into double-counting the incoming deposit.  The concern here is that another exchange "hack" might occur, this time using `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` as an excuse.  At least that's how best I can figure out the argument.... probably should chime in on the accuracy of this comment.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:41:42
\*SIGH\*.  OP, you have not done your research.
Quantum computers can implement Shor's Algorithm.  Shor's Algorithm can crack 256-bit discrete log problem in 128^3 steps, unlike the current situation where you need 2^256 steps.  That is, given a public key, it can get the private key in 128^3 steps.  You also need a Quantum Computer that is stable up to at least 256 qubits to store 256 bits of data, and probably more because you still need to actually process the data.
Quantum computers are not magic and cannot crack hash functions like SHA2 or RIPEMD.  Shor's Algorithm doesn't work against hash functions.
Below are the addresses in use in Bitcoin today:
1.  P2PKH Pay to Public Key ***HASH***
2.  P2SH Pay to Script ***HASH*** (includes SegWit P2SH-P2WSH and P2SH-P2WPKH)
3.  P2WPKH Pay to Witness Public Key ***HASH*** (SegWit)
4.  P2WSH Pay to Witness Script ***HASH***
Given an address, no quantum computer can break an address to get the private key.  They can't even break an address to get the public key, because of the ***HASH*** in the way.
All of the above addresses first hash your public key using SHA2 (the 256-bit variant) and then RIPEMD (the 160-bit variant).  Neither can be cracked by quantum computers.  Indeed, even if bog-standard differential cryptography  cracks *one* of those hash functions, you are still protected by the other.
You are only vulnerable to the extent that you receive into an address you have already sent from.  Those have the public keys exposed and vulnerable.  So just don't reuse addresses.
By the time Quantum Computers start reaching 128 qubits we can down a shot, take Lamport Signatures into a softfork (painful because Lamport Signatures are measured in kilobytes), activate it, and move funds from the old P2xxH addresses to the new Lamport Signatures.  And even if Quantum Computers come earlier than expected, you can just move the old addresses to the new signing scheme and hope that Quantum Computers aren't practically fast enough to take less than a few months to crack the private key from the public key.
Mining is unaffected because it's all about hashing.  Quantum computers will have NO EFFECT ON MINING.
@_date: 2017-12-05 09:34:07
Then it turns out that she will never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and hurt you.
@_date: 2018-09-13 08:49:53
The moral hazard that the people who get their hands on the newly-inflated coins (and thus have a time advantage in that they can spend the newly-inflated coins before its spread causes a loss of value) are the same people who get to set the inflation rate.
@_date: 2018-09-06 14:20:13
See, this is why Bitcoin will never replace fiat! You can't make handbags out of Bitcoin!!
@_date: 2018-09-03 04:09:15
Again: you are talking about ***consensus code***.  Changing consensus code is very very risky.  SegWit2X failed to change consensus code and would have split twice instead of once if it had continued (SegWit2X: not just twice the capacity, but twice the forks), for a change that most of its backers claimed to be a "one-line change".  Changing the proof-of-work algorithm is even more complicated than what SegWit2X tried to do.
It looks to me that you simply have not had much experience in software engineering. Every change is a risk and every change must be justified. Your justification is wrong-headed.  Making things more complicated does not mean people will make general-purpose hardware faster.  It means fewer people *can* make your hardware.
As an engineer of about 15 year's experience I can tell you this: additional complexity is always suspicious and is always the problem, not the solution.  Complexity is where bugs hide, and bugs are where security holes and asymmetric advantages like ASICBOOST hide. Go no further: you will fail, because you are not smart enough to see every potential problem.
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:22:01
No, because Lightning Network and (maybe someday) Confidential Transactions can eventually be used to hide the source, destination, and magnitude of economic power transfers. Which is kinda part of the point/target of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:36:48


How does the State earn its own paycheck then?
@_date: 2018-09-17 12:01:08


Not really.  It's possible for the channel factory construction to use the Decker-Wattenhofer construction from the single shared onchain anchor to the individual channels, and to use the Poon-Dryja construction in the individual channels.  The individual channels would have the same amount of toxic waste as ordinary Poon-Dryja channels.  This total construction (Decker-Wattenhofer for factory, Poon-Dryja for channel within factory) is theoretically implementable today, even.  Finally, the built-up toxic waste for all the Poon-Dryja channel can be cleared by an update (requiring all participants) on the Decker-Wattenhofer factory level, which puts bounds on the toxic-waste issue there.
However channel factories by themselves will take some time to discuss and hash out, so it's possible that development will focus on "eltoo" Decker-Osuntokun-Russel channels first, then later on Decker-Osuntokun-Russel factories carrying Decker-Osuntokun-Russel channels.


Current sidechains are permissioned, and the drivechains sidechain development looks to have stalled to me (at least I see no discussion recently about it in bitcoin-dev).  The issue here is that:
1.  Permissioned sidechains are not trustless, you have to trust RSK/Liquid that they'll continue operating the chain correctly and won't reorg from under you, adding counterparty risk to any channel anchored in the sidechain.
2.  Drivechains add pressure to miners to implement sidechains on all mining nodes and are effectively equal to an unlimited block size increase.
My "employee" developer has come up with an alternative called "proof-of-mainstake" which removes pressure from miners to implement sidechains and moves it to HODLers of mainchain coin, but I've got him focused on LN right now since I think it's a lot more promising.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:14:16
TLDR: Tulips, BTW I am rich so you should listen to me, used for drugs, nobody backing it.
@_date: 2018-09-03 03:57:56
Just a single transfer inside the channel? Yes, that would be expensive.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:07:34
Because it's a significant technology, something that will become big in a decade or two.
@_date: 2018-09-14 09:12:22
Money is useful if everybody uses the money.  The more people using the money, the more useful, because you can trade more easily.  If you have to go through the trouble of converting across monetary systems, well, just ask EU whether they preferred to keep each country's currency or replace them outright with the Euro.
So any cryptocurrency whose usage is less than Bitcoin has to have a very very big advantage in order to be useful.  Otherwise, just use Bitcoin directly.  Why bother with this other asset?
@_date: 2018-09-27 05:05:37




No.  Moving money *out* of the drivechain requires a few months of miners voting, moving money *in* the drivechain requires only a few confirmations on the mainchain.
The hope is that most side-to-main transfers will be facilitated by exchanges (e.g. LN exchange nodes, but if LN exists, who needs sidechains anyway), and they will aggregate their transfers somehow so the "only a few times a year" won't be so onerous in practice to the average user.  Obviously their facilitation requires a fee so the sidecoin will be less valuable than a maincoin, and because miners are the ones who vote on the side-to-main transfers, there is a strong centralization pressure for side-to-main exchanges to merge their businesses with miners.




Softfork.  Sidechains are related to "forced softforks":  , except the mainchain continues operating as normal.
@_date: 2018-09-27 16:30:06
I consider sidechains to be any blockchain that has some mechanism to peg its value to some coin that is native to another blockchain, called the mainchain, often requiring some support in the mainchain that hosts the coin natively.
The sidechain defines some rules for transferring that coin within its own chain, and some rules for how a mainchain coin can be somehow locked (which triggers the creation of a pegged version on it on the sidechain; this is the main-to-side peg) and, if you can prove ownership of the equivalent amount within the sidechain, to unlock the mainchain coin (the side-to-main peg).
As originally conceived in the original sidechains paper, a "classic" sidechain has its blockchain secured via proof-of-work.  Coins are locked on the mainchain (main-to-side peg) by putting them in a special contract (SCRIPT) which requires an SPV proof of the sidechain, and unlocking the coin (side-to-main peg) requires fulfilling that contract.  Elements Alpha I believe uses this style.
Rootstock uses proof-of-work (I think?) to secure its blockchain.  Main-to-side peg is done by paying to an m-of-n multisig, where the n signatories are members of the supposedly-distributed Rootstock Federationm which then releases the equivalent amount within the sidechain.  The Side-to-main peg is done by paying sidecoin to a similar m-to-n multisig on the sidechain, then triggering the Rootstock Federation to release the equivalent amount from its controlled UTXOs on the mainchain.
Liquid is similar to the above except its blockchain is secured by a fixed m-of-n signatory set in the Liquid Federation.
Drivechains secures the sidechain by merge-mining it with the mainchain (although in theory it would be possible to use a different security model for the side blockchain).  Main-to-side pegs pay to a special contract on the mainchain that can only be spent by miner voting.  Side-to-main pegs require somehow requesting a majority of miners to vote for unlocking of some amount on the mainchain that was locked to that sidechain, on the assumption that miners are actually also validating the sidechain in addition to the mainchain (how that is a scaling solution is a big question: it has the same rough effects as a miner-controlled blocksize increase).
Before the original sidechains paper, people had already discussed the possibility of some kind of proof-of-burn on Bitcoin, and then using the proof-of-burn on the Bitcoin blockchain on a different blockchain that would magically create a "pegged Bitcoin" on its own blockchain.  The main context was scaling across the solar system, I believe (burn some earth-based Bitcoin to set up the Mars Bitcoin blockchain, something like that).  This had no mechanism to return the coins to the original Bitcoin blockchain, so if the value of the sidecoin drifted below the maincoin, nothing would force them back to parity. In designing how to construct a secure proof-of-burn, however, Pieter Wuille (?) realized that the verification of the proof-of-burn could also be implemented on the original Bitcoin blockchain too, not just on the other blockchain, so that it *should* be possible to burn the other blockchain's coin and present this proof-of-burn on the Bitcoin blockchain, leading to a two-way peg.
@_date: 2018-09-27 23:35:13
Don't all Japanese weeabos use FreeBSD on top of KDE2?
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:58:29
Bits of LN do, but not the core channel structure.  Channels have no lifetime, but such channels require a malleability fix (which is why Lightning had a dependency on SegWit).
@_date: 2018-09-14 13:31:30


For the base Bitcoin layer, yes.  But there are complications at the LN layer, including details like the routefinding algorithm now needing to get the maximum CSV-delta plus the sum of CLTV-deltas, when every extant pathfinding algorithm always uses sum of costs.  The details need to be worked out, which is what I'm saying anyway (so 2021 is when you might start seeing a beta-version for eltoo).  I am sponsoring a developer who's working on this so I have a reasonably good idea of how long it will take.




Hundreds is just x100, not x1000 scaling.  The complications also make me suspect that the scaling might not be as good as x100, so I quoted x10 only.


Well I am, because I live in a 3rd world country, and connectivity even for homes is not reliable here.
(if you don't live in a 3rd world country, maybe you could consider sponsoring a LN developer to speed up eltoo then)
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:27:51
Channels do not close at a pre-agreed upon date, as such channels are difficult to work with.  LN channels have indefinite lifetime --- you could in theory open a channel at the start of your career, and send and receive over that channel, until the day you die.
The timelocks involved are for routing payments and for one-sided closes.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:42:41
Somewhere between 1 satoshi and 21 million bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-09-27 23:27:04
Would be pretty hard if it's unfunded and the scammer doesn't do address reuse.  You could take one for the team and fund the address with the requested amount and see where it goes from there, but there's no assurance the scammer will mix it with other coins and a quick swap into Monero would make it harder to track.
@_date: 2018-09-12 15:12:15
0% returns is indistinguishable from HODLing assuming you're perfectly trustworthy.  At any returns higher than 0%, an investor will consider it depending on how risky you look.
With inflation in the mix, the same judgment is made but with the 0% level moved by the expected inflation rate.  So there's no real difference whether or not the currency itself is inflationary or not: all that matters to an investor is whether you are worth the risk of investing.  That judgment is simplified with a deflationary currency.
Investment is largely unaffected by deflationary currency.  The main point of deflationary currency is to remove the moral hazard of the main entity getting an advantage with inflation (the central bank and its controllers) being the one that sets the inflation schedule.
@_date: 2018-09-13 14:50:11
Complicated, almost-Turing-complete, "smart contracts" that retain state across transactions are a bad idea.
Simple total languages that are restricted to querying the transaction they're running on, like what Bitcoin has, are enough for enforcement of offchain protocols.
@_date: 2018-08-29 13:32:34
I second what said. If your parents aren't total pieces of shit, respect them.  Eventually they'll learn to let you go and fly free.  Always remember that no matter what age you are, your parents will worry about you and even if you go down on your luck, they'll always have the impulse to try to get you back on your feet no matter what.  In the end that's what the OP's parents worry about, that Bitcoin will fail like so many other wonderful-looking things, and they'll have to go and pick up the pieces. They're not stupid, just ignorant+confused, and both ignorance and confusion can be fixed if you take the time to dispel them.
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:47:52
Homomorphic encryptions like Pedersen commitments would let you commit to a summable number and unit-of-measurement without revealing it to anyone.  For example you could initially commit 0 "votes for Kang" and 1 "votes for Kodos", which is hidden by your personal private key, then provide the resulting commitment for summation.  You can confirm that your vote-commitment is part of the sum and that all the published vote-commitments sum up to the particular specific sum that will be used as the final vote-commitment sum.
You also need to include a ZK proof that you only voted once for one candidate and you didn't something stupid like vote for a non-candidate or try to cancel someone else's vote.
Then you have to somehow sum up your public keys with the public keys of everyone else (without being traced what your public key is as that can be used with your public vote-commitment to find out who you voted for --- so "public key" is a misnomer here, but it has the same mathematical relationship with your private key as in ECDSA so... --- anyway this part is the hard part that is not yet solved).  Subtract that sum of public keys from the final count and you get a count that is an agglomerate of some number of votes for Kang and votes for Kodos.  Then you iterate over the possible number of votes i.e. "population votes for Kang, 0 votes for Kodos", then "population - 1 votes for Kang, 1 votes for Kodos" until you get a result that matches the final voting-commitment sum minus the final public-key sum, which reveals how many voted for Kang and how many voted for Kodos.
Note that all of the above does not require a blockchain, it just requires some public precommitments and some obscured summation service.
@_date: 2018-08-10 08:39:13
Proof-of-stake ("virtual mining") doesn't work, because of two problems, nothing-at-stake and stake-grinding.
1.  Nothing-at-stake means that I could have a voting stake now, then in the future sell my stake for better currencies (e.g. real Bitcoin secured by proof-of-work).  But the old block where I still had my stake still allows me to create an alternative new block that has my stake still mine (i.e. not sold), so I could just "turn back the clock" to when I had my stake and continue the blockchain from there.  There's a lot of bullshitting on how to solve this, but in the end it's really the simple fact that proof-of-work is really proof that time passed in the sidereal physical universe.
2.  Stake-grinding means that, since proof-of-stake will use previous block headers to determine who will be the winning staker in a future block, it is possible for me to grind multiple possible blocks (by varying them in some trivial manner, such as transferring a small amount to an address I control and varying my address) until I get a block which will cause another of my stakes to be the winning staker in the next block.  And as the staker of the next block, I can do that grinding again until I am the winning staker on the next next block, ad infinitum.  The probability that I find such a block is proportional to the proportion of my stake.  If this seems suspiciously like proof-of-work to you, including "wasting energy", why yes, yes it is.
[Nothing is cheaper than proof-of-work](
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:03:33


This is directly opposite of your goal of decentralization.  If miners are more common because more people have them (i.e. decentralization), then *difficulty will go up* because there will be far higher hashpower.  If difficulty goes up, then less-efficient hardware gets locked out and will drop off.  Mining will still follow energy distribution.
It's kinda hard to avoid the laws of thermodynamics, i.e. "you can't win", "you can't break even", "and then you die". \[Footnote 1\]


Sorry, but no. You cannot use randomization within a computer program that performs validation, you can only use pseudorandomization.  That pseudorandomization, whatever it is, can be specialized, and dedicated hardware made for it.  Futamura projections (i.e. partial evaluation) assures that.  First futamura projection: I could make hardware that executes general-purpose programs (a CPU), then create a specializer that takes the design of my hardware and a specific program, then creates a hardware that specifically runs that program, with efficiency boosts (Futamura projections speak of a generic "interpreter", but a CPU is effectively an interpreter of machine code and modern hardware design is basically programming using languages like Verilog or VHDL or BlueSpec).
\[Footnote 1\] First law is that energy cannot be created or destroyed, so you can't win (i.e. get free energy).  Second law is that entropy increases, meaning *useable* energy deposits will always get scarcer and scarcer, so you can't break even, despite the fact energy you already used was never destroyed.  Third law is that entropy will tend towards maximum in the long run, i.e. and then you die.
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:31:48
If I'd gotten back my coins after MtGox, I'd move them to cold storage, not sell them.  rolleyes.
@_date: 2018-09-27 04:43:18


All I have to do is cryopreserve the brain, wait for a few hundred years of technological advancement, then read it out from the brain directly, duh. :)
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:11:06
One can argue that LN is already out of beta.  Merchants are already using it to receive payment and people are setting up nodes for earning on forwarding payments.
@_date: 2018-08-20 05:45:12
As someone who hired a freelancer to work on c-lightning some months ago, I can tell you: stop thinking of the developers as "they".  Open source means it's everybody's software!  If you have the coding skills to do it, or can hire someone with coding skills to do it, then *you* can make it happen.
@_date: 2018-08-15 10:03:16
Well clicking on "Schedule" shows "Friday, August 31st, 3 pm: Lightning Network Hackathon" very prominently on top of your schedule of speakers and barcamps.  This lead me to think this was all happening on August 31.  The only mention of September is "The Hackathon starts on Friday, August 31st at 3 pm. Demos are on September 1st, 6 pm." in the Hackathon ticket.
If you're the organizer or know the organizer(s) I suggest mentioning this because a quick glance makes people assume it's August 31, not September 1.
@_date: 2018-08-13 03:01:06
Current standard is to round down, not round to nearest.  Randomization may come later but seriously for satoshis it's not really high priority.
@_date: 2018-08-30 11:21:23


Technically only a non-backward-compatible change can be rejected by nodes (i.e. hardforks).  Backward-compatible changes which reduce the set of valid transactions (softforks) cannot be rejected by nodes (they might not even be detectable - older fullnodes are blissfully unaware of SegWit and are never given the full SegWit data).  In practice the developers are going to only use softforks from now on.
Nodes can impose hardforks and softforks on miners, though; miners are strictly weaker in that they can only impose softforks on nodes.
@_date: 2018-08-29 13:47:10
To summarize, it's theoretically possible, but no current service already does it.
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:00:25
Most of the best investments require a significant outlay, due to benefits of scale.  You can't really usefully invest 1 USD into your own restaurant: you need to first HODL your money until you have enough to pay for the business permits and initial salary for your staff and to buy chairs and tables and nice lights and at least some spare for operating costs for a month or two.
So you have to HODL ON to your money, working in whatever job you are currently working in, until you can get enough to usefully invest in some business.
Now you might say "well a bunch of people can pool their money together" but then who would call the shots and make the tough decisions?  Coordinating many people requires more overhead, and coordinating a bunch of people who are worried about their investment requires even more overhead.
So you really do have to HODL ON to your accumulated economic power until you have enough to invest in something that is reasonably big enough to gain economies of scale.
And if your accumulated economic power is slowly being eroded by inflation, then you might never manage to accrue enough economic power to actually invest the money into new things that make the world a better place.
Instead your savings will be eroded out from under you and you will never get ahead.  And then you die having been a slave who was never aware of your slavery.
Bitcoin is emancipation.
@_date: 2018-08-30 11:10:09
It's off-***chain*** not off-***line***.  You can't operate the protocol offline.
@_date: 2018-09-14 09:06:08


This is verboten in Bitcoin, sorry.  Your hashrate ultimately is the source of your authorization to be a miner, and the basis of this is Physics, because your hashrate is basically a measure of how much entropy you could afford to create in order to create your hashes.  Nobody will be willing to be a meta-mining authority and nobody will accept a meta-mining authority unless that meta-mining authority itself uses the same proof-of-work mechanism --- but then why bother with the indirection, just use hashrate directly.
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:39:37


Fullnodes can reliably detect that only if it's a hardfork.  In a softfork, all current rules will still be followed by the miners anyway and fullnodes would be unaware that new rules are in effect that make certain previously-valid txs non-valid.  I concede that a softfork might be detectable in principle somehow and fullnodes could subsequently be programmed to detect the presence of the softfork, but such a judgment may very well have false positives or negatives that are non-negligible.
If for instance enough miners collude to never let anyone spend a legacy P2PKH, then fullnodes can very well be unable to force miners to do so.  IF fullnodes reject blocks unless the block contains at least one P2PKH spend, then what happens if by chance nobody has any P2PKH UTXOs they want to spend right now?  The mempool is not recorded in history so fullnodes can never refer to the mempool when validating a chain (so fullnodes can't apply the rule selectively and allow a block without P2PKH through if no txes in the mempool spend P2PKH --- a year from then, a new fullnode wouldn't be able to know of the state of the mempool a year ago!).
All softforks are, put badly, are basically censorships attacks coordinated out-of-band by the overall network composed of miners and economic entities and developers.  Taken completely literally according to how Bitcoin 0.1 worked, a P2SH can be claimed by a `sigScript` containing only `OP_NOP`, but such a transaction would be censored by the network because it is now a hook to newer functionality.
So we had power over 2X and Crash because they were hardforks.  But for all you know, right now all miners in the world could be running a secret softfork that, say, disallows certain spends of P2PKHs starting with 1almkglor, because I secretly used it to add new functionality for my almkglor extension block that adds a Turing virtual machine that is executing an AI that will eventually take over the world (I think... well if there's a bug I can always just revert the blockchain, it just needs at least half the hashpower in the world, no biggie).
Incentive-wise, though, miners will want to be able to mine any transaction, so reducing the set of valid transactions like a softfork does is against the miner's interest.  So softforks need to be lead by the fullnodes of the economic majority.  Miners are incentivized to follow the rules of the largest userbase, because incompatibility means wasted hashes.  But *in principle* miners can perform censorship attacks, and softforks are just coordinated censorship of transactions that used to be valid but are invalid now, and if miners have some external incentive to impose a softfork, then fullnodes may very well be unable to prevent them from doing so.
@_date: 2018-08-29 13:39:03
No. Never.  Never comic sans.  Admins please banhammer this guy for mentioning comic sans.
@_date: 2018-08-07 03:44:25
Block size increase also increases transaction rate, but at the cost of increasing the bandwidth and latency used to propagate the blockchain globally.
Other ways of improving transaction rate such as transaction batching (which is basically what Lightning does anyway) and improving encodings of signatures (like signature aggregation enabled by Schnorr, and also the even better signature aggregation enabled by BLS if we can somehow get a good proof of BLS security) also increase transaction rate without increasing global bandwidth requirements.
So yes, 20 dollars (in 2018 equivalent) for an onchain transaction would be totally reasonable, since you'd be batching your onchain transaction with a dozen others in a Lightning channel factory to split up the costs, so getting on Lightning will cost you maybe 2 dollars a channel or less, and if we can safely switch to BLS we could even have just a single signature per block instead of several per transaction, allowing us more leeway to increase the non-witness block size.
In short, we're optimizing the use of block space, which increases the cost of block space but keeps the cost of each effective transaction about as low also.
Another observation is that the block reward halvening's effect is also reduced for each halvening.  Thus even if we hit diminishing returns on optimizing the block space (which we inevitably will) the halvening's effect on the block reward will also diminish over time, so as long as we can optimize faster than the block reward drops, we'll be perfectly safe.
@_date: 2018-08-13 06:27:51
How is a future AI threatening to torture you for all eternity for not donating enough to AI research (even though you know about it) relevant to this?
@_date: 2018-08-16 03:49:18
A security can be a hedge for pork futures, it doesn't make pork a security, only the option contract for pork futures is the security?
@_date: 2018-08-28 09:43:45
Definitely not **C**ick **W**zabo
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:22:51
I know, but in practice for a good 80% of the time it works as if you own the land yourself, and that's good enough as an economic effect.
Land value tax is the only fair tax as the value of the land is tied to the number of human beings living and working on and near that land (e.g. farmland is cheaper than cityland even though the former is where food can be grown at mass quantities and the latter is often badly polluted: thing is the city has all sorts of nice perks due to all the people living there).  Of course, a \*government\* does not necessarily have the same incentives as the human population of that land.  Ideally you'd want some system where rent on land is somehow distributed to the population (maybe tally up land rents and divide by population and just outright give that money to the people), and land rents are bidded for say every few years (so that land rents follow markets instead of bribeable auditors).
@_date: 2018-08-20 04:19:18
Why would you use a new underlying asset (and be forced to have to get that asset's value sufficiently high that people will spend serious money on mining your chain) when you can just reuse the existing underlying asset that is already valuable?
@_date: 2018-08-30 08:55:53
Hashrate follows price.  It also follows new innovations in mining hardware: we recently had new miners released with better mining efficiency, so we see an increase in hashrate without a leading increase in price.
@_date: 2018-08-07 04:02:49
Have you ever wondered *why* people value shiny metal things?
In particular, have you ever wondered *why* human beings evolved to have a brain circuit whose sole purpose is to go "ooh shiny" at a shiny metal thing?
[This may help you understand *why* you think shiny metal things are valuable.]( It's really very Zen. *You* know that *you* value "actual money" (i.e. shiny metals that are hard to acquire and require skill to shape and make attractive), but have you ever wondered *why* *you* do so?
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:06:14
Confidential transactions.  MimbleWimble.
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:30:37
So.... just like tulips huh
@_date: 2018-08-16 05:38:40
Why would that happen?  It means I get to keep my own money without having it slowly stolen from me sight unseen, which means I can accumulate money faster to reach whatever target I need to tell off my boss and start a new business.  And it's new businesses which consistently provide innovation and refreshing of old paradigms.  That's slowed down by inflation's hidden taxation on savers.
Inflation is just pan et circusem hiding the enslavement of the human race by an elite that owns the fiat printing press.
@_date: 2018-08-30 11:28:33
I bow to your superior wisdom.
@_date: 2018-08-29 07:26:11
I think 0-fee is not available yet either, but I'm not sure.  Pathfinding algorithms sometimes have weird failure modes when the cost of traversal of an edge is 0 or negative, which is why 0 and negative fees aren't part of the LN standard yet.


Depends on the autopilot of which implementation \^\^; I don't know all the details.  I'm presuming you mean the autopilot of lnd, which is the only one I know has a fully-working autopilot?
@_date: 2018-08-10 10:01:56
This is not an issue: 
@_date: 2018-08-14 05:52:36
...and it's threatening to torture you for all eternity for not donating all your funds as fees to it?
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:00:04
Like I said, depends on country.  And as the OP shows, it may be less safer than you think, and "infinitely safer" is hyperbole.  Safer in general for a first-worlder, yes.  Safer for a third-worlder, probably not.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:57:50
An asset on any blockchain is not the same as any existing asset, and should properly not be treated as such.  For pegged assets, the onchain asset has maximum value equal to the offchain asset, but its minimum value may vary if whoever is "maintaining" the peg turns out to be less than fully trustworthy.  If your blockchain only supports that specific asset, then you have no real integrity beyond whoever is issuing the asset in the first place.
@_date: 2018-08-29 03:28:48
Technically he does still have an Internet connection, satellite to be specific.
@_date: 2018-08-16 06:59:41
Anything can be done with a softfork; SegWit showed that it's possible.
At the worst case, we can create an extension block.  On the legacy chain, you lock your funds to a (legacy-viewed) anyone-can-spend output script type and provide a proof that this follows a legacy-to-extension transfer protocol.  The proof will be put in the extension block.  Then we can have an extension-to-legacy transfer which unlocks such a kind of UTXO on the legacy chain.  We just require a new commitment to the extension block in the coinbase, like SegWit-as-a-softfork requires a merkle tree root for witness data. (in SegWit, the witness data is equivalent to an extension block)
The extension block can then accept any rules, including rules that would have required a hardfork without the above technique.
@_date: 2018-08-13 03:00:08
The correct rule is that satoshis always get rounded down, not nearest.  So until that someone transfers the *entire* satoshi to you, that satoshi will simply be added to the mining fee on closure.
@_date: 2018-08-30 14:38:09
I don't think *adding more complexity* will lead to *decentralization*.  More complexity means fewer people can make miners, which means *greater* centralization.
@_date: 2018-08-07 05:26:06


A typical male human being would find Jennifer Lawrence beautiful.  An alien from another planet, no.
Beauty, as should be obvious, is *in the eye of the beholder*.
Why is Jennifer Lawrence beautiful? Her full cheeks imply having a healthy diet. Her smooth skin implies that she has no significant diseases and is healthy. The symmetry of her face and body implies that there were no developmental anomalies in her growth.  All of those add up to an individual who is likely to have good resources and good genetics, and thus a good target for a typical male for mating.
Thus: why does a typical human being find gold jewelry beautiful?


Let me unpack this better to show my point (reading the article should have made you realize just what the whole point was anyway, but it seems you did not).
For some reason, human beings find well-crafted items made of rare materials attractive.  They call such things "beautiful" and are willing to spend time and effort to acquire such things.  This is in lieu of spending time and effort to find food, shelder, and fuckbuddies, so this affects survivability of the human individual and requires a very good explanation for why such a thing would evolve.
It is helpful to remember that human brains are implemented as neural circuits, and maintaining such neural circuits itself is a cost.  So one must also point out that a neural circuit that goes "ooh shiny" at a nice piece of gold jewelry is a further cost imposed.
Thus, valuables are valuable for some reason.  In the article I linked, it points out that *such valuables served as money*, because they enabled time-delayed exchanges.  It lists down 3 important properties that are incidentally properties that human beings find attractive in jewelry:
1.  It is easy to carry around and wear upon one's person, making it easy to secure against malicious theft (hard to steal something from you that you're wearing).
2.  It requires effort to create and construct.  The more impressive and ostentatious a piece of jewelry is, the more effort was required to make it.
3.  It is easy to verify.  Thinness of the links in gold jewelry implies that this is real gold, for example, since gold can be very thin and still keep itself together and most other metals do not.
All three essential properties are properties that Bitcoin has:
1.  Ownership of bitcoins is protected by cryptographic signatures, protecting against malicious theft of the valuable.
2.  Ultimately all bitcoins come from a coinbase, and there is only one coinbase per block and every block is created by mining.  Creating new blocks is difficult and requires significant effort/consumption of resources.
3.  The authenticity of each bitcoin is easily verified.  Each block, once downloaded, can be verified by a simple hashing.
In short: you're ***not going far enough***.  Metal coinage was not the first money.  Valuable items were the first money, and they were valuable because they enabled time-delayed exchanges without having to depend on fallible human memory.  The properties of *those* first money is what Bitcoin replicates.
@_date: 2018-08-29 03:48:58
1. Negative fees are currently not possible in the protocol.
2. In order to get *incoming* liquidity you need to have the *counterperty* set negative fees to its direction towards you. You can't set the counterparty's fees, that's the counterparty's right to do.
3. Onlightning fees only matter if you can route.  You can route only if you have incoming liquidity and outgoing liquidity.  The problem is that the OP has no incoming liquidity yet.
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:19:06
Investing is shady?
It's used as a backend for some money remittance services.  Buy BTC from source of remittance, sell at destination.  It's the most basic use case taking advantage of the fact that it's international.  Very fast too (less than an hour, when most international bank transfers are measurable in days), although price spreads between purchase and sale can hurt.
@_date: 2018-08-07 05:37:27
c-lightning does.
@_date: 2018-08-24 09:31:45


No, but the correlation between arbitrary asset A and currency B is much lower than the correlation between currency B and currency B.  So a drop in currency B value will affect small-time savers using currency B much worse than those owning large amounts of asset A.  Haha yourself.  "Affects" is much weaker than "is", so stop being patronizing.


@_date: 2018-08-07 03:30:08
Briefly, no. Schnorr signatures will be implemented as a new SegWit version (there are 32 available SegWit versions, numbered 0 to 31, the current SegWit addresses are version 0; and probably we'll do some other clever re-numbering later to support even more versions than 32, but that will come probably much later).  The Bech32 format includes the SegWit version; current Bech32 addresses will use the current version 0, but future Schnorr-signatured addresses will just use version 1 (most likely).  Roughly, current addresses start with `bc1q`, Schnorr addresses (most likely) will start with `bc1p` and is likely to be approximately the same length.  Current SegWit multisig is longer than SegWit singlesig, but Schnorr multisig and singlesig will likely be the same length.
There isn't a significant security improvement, since ECDSA and Schnorr both have proofs of security, but the Schnorr's proof is simpler and more straightforward.  At this point I believe their proofs have already been checked well enough by most eyes for us to be reasonably sure they have approximately the same level of security.
Signature reduction is due to allowing limited amount of signature aggregation across inputs of a single transaction, which is an advantage if you have multiple small payments received in Schnorr addresses but is otherwise not a big improvement (and will also not improve existing SegWit receives).  This is because the safest signature aggregation we have for Schnorr requires interactive aggregation, which in practice means only for a singlesig wallet controlled by a single hardware or seed. Signature aggregation also interacts badly with additional features we want, so that's a technical problem that needs to be ironed out first.
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:23:41
But all you should really care about is the relative level of risk between Bitcoin and traditional banking anyway.
@_date: 2018-08-20 05:34:32


That's the whole point. When all shades are gray, there is no color anymore.
@_date: 2018-08-30 05:32:26
Well I'm familiar with only c-lightning myself, which is only recently starting to implement an autopilot.  It considers connectivity and channel capacity more than feerates.  I do keep track of lightning-rfc, i.e. the BOLT spec, and no, negative fees are not allowed yet.
@_date: 2018-08-16 04:08:52
First, that's going to happen about a century from now.
Second, transaction fees will be more than sufficient by that time.  It's another reason why a blocksize limit even exists: to prevent miners from getting all available fees right now, and instead leave some fees on the mempool.
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:24:22
Because you use that to determine whether it's better to put your economic power in Bitcoin or in traditional banks.  Pretty obvious.
Everything has risk.  The choice is not between something completely 100% without risk, it's weighting pros and cons.
In some countries, the probability of your money devaluing is very low and you would prefer traditional fiat for that.  In others, all it takes is some major disaster and the government will start pumping the inflation rate so that the people don't revolt over tax increases.  In that case Bitcoin will be looking a lot more attractive, volatility and manipulation be damned: you're comparing a 100% chance your money will lose 5% or more purchasing power per year, vs. Bitcoin going down up left right forward backward before inevitably rising up with high (&gt;90%) probability because disinflation.
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:16:31
Yes, that is in fact the real limit on land: we want to be within 5 minutes walking distance from a major city center.  Competition for land near city centers increases rent prices on land, increasing the value of land, simply because they are city centers.  The most expensive land in the modern world is not land that has high food production or even land that has nice views and good climate, but land that is in major population centers.  It's one reason why land-value-tax is the only fair tax: land in major population centers have high value because they have high human population, so it's only fair that the rent on that land be paid to the sustenance of that human population instead of someone who owns rights to that land.  (there ***is*** the issue that government's incentives may not line up with the human population of that land, of course)
Humans are social and you would strongly prefer to live near other human beings simply because you would seriously not want to build your own house, make your own clothes, farm your own food, and make your own amusements all by yourself.
Hopefully with improvements in fungibility enabled by the next SegWit version a similar effect won't be replicated in Bitcoin.  As-is typically "fresh" bitcoin from miners is slightly more valuable than Bitcoin with suspicious/tainted history.
@_date: 2018-08-28 09:46:38
It's not the house, it's land.  There's a fixed amount of land that exists to be used and yet population that wants to use that land will continually increase.  Why do you think owning land is so useful and will generally lead to a comfortably successful life?
(now replace "land" with "bitcoin")
@_date: 2018-08-15 11:01:34
Register on localbitcoins.com
Buy BTC.  Person going by jbvillarante there is who I normally buy from.
However localbitcoins.com needs at least some ID of some sort, IDs that may require that you are age of majority here, hmm.  You're still a minor, which can be difficult to buy stuff.
One alternative is not to *buy* BTC but to sell some assets/art/digital shit for BTC.  Technically that would be illegal because you need to pay sales taxes and at least register for sole proprietor business, but you're still a minor.  Don't know, what do kids these days make online for money?  BTC is money too, so if you can find some BTC-savvy customers you might get your hands on some BTC.
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:20:40
*Most efficient*?  General purpose computers cannot be efficient without sacrificing generality.  Further, surprising optimizations like ASICBOOST show how dangerous it is to have hidden optimizations that only certain centralizing influences can legally use.
Mining hardware follows energy distribution almost exactly, not because it is somehow too efficient or specialized, but because energy distribution *is a confounding variable* in your observations.  If the proof-of-work algo were more complex it would worsen centralization, not weaken it!  Miners will centralize around energy, which is why you observe what you observe.  You don't observe that because the current algo is *too simple*, you observe that because *people are not stupid and they will not mine if it loses them more money than they earn*.
Even if you somehow design some algo that can only be executed on stock CPU hardware, *people will still not mine with CPUs if it will cost them more than they would earn*.
So the only possible real solution is decentralizing energy.
Adding more complexity to the algo just means more ASICBOOST-type optimizations lurking in its nooks and crannies.
@_date: 2018-08-10 08:09:24
Then you should really consider that Bitcoin-the-token is tied intimately to Bitcoin-the-blockchain.  You cannot really "transfer" Bitcoin-the-token except via some contract built on top of Bitcoin-the-blockchain.  There is no other blockchain that can safely transfer Bitcoin-the-token (well sidechains promise to do so, but they're actually pretty far away and may never fully materialize, ***and*** they are built as very complicated contracts on top of Bitcoin-the-blockchain anyway).
Thus also a good part of Bitcoin-the-token's value is the value of the Bitcoin-the-blockchain it is on.  And in general, a lot of the experimentation on alternative blockchains isn't really very valuable or usable.  And even if *some* alternate blockchain experiment succeeds (which is not likely) the fact that Bitcoin is open-source free-as-in-speech software means it can adopt any new innovations, at the minimum as an extension block (we already know how to make those, since SegWit is effectively an extension block).
So basically, Bitcoin-the-blockchain isn't the Internet --- it's TCP/IP.  It's a single standard used by everyone because it's much more convenient to be intercompatible than not to be intercompatible, and it's flexible enough that innovations can be bolted onto it and on top of it (HTTP, FTP, etc).  And the Internet exists because everyone uses TCP/IP; you'd have to go through various little bits of hell if you weren't using TCP/IP and trying to connect to the Internet.  Bitcoin-the-blockchain is TCP/IP.  And the only token it supports is Bitcoin-the-token.
@_date: 2018-08-15 10:53:35
Really? From my reading of the mailinglist my impression is that's the earliest chance for a combined bag of Schnorr/`SIGHASH_NOINPUT`/taproot/maybe MAST/maybe sig-aggregation/unlikely graftroot, but CT was still further away, probably past graftroot (graftroot, signature aggregation, and CT all interact with each other badly and more planning and thinking needs to go into how to combine them).
@_date: 2018-08-03 07:24:59
The supposed reason for inflation is that actual aggregate production is about ~2% per annum, supposedly.  For reasons of "price stability", inflation is introduced so that the price of goods remains stable with about the same demand even as the supply increases.
The *real* questions are:
1. Why is price stability even a goal?  Consider that it's *aggregate* production that is about ~2% per annum, but a few industries will have much higher than that while most industries will be less (or even shrink).  Thus price cannot really stabilize, so why is it even a goal?
2. Who benefits from the 2% inflation, really?  Mostly the ones who print the money.
3. "Less incentive to spend today", benefits who? Those who are *today* selling sugar water and pumping it with stimulants and carbon dioxide to keep you from gagging on sugar water, or those who want to save up their money and start a small business some *future* day?  And which one should we encourage?
@_date: 2018-08-30 08:59:03
Markets can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent.
@_date: 2018-08-16 07:14:21
Depends.  Zero-knowledge contingent payments can be used for digital good.  Encrypt the digital good, and setup a ZKCP (e.g. a Lightning invoice).  In order for the seller of the digital good to claim the funds, it has to release the decryption key, and in order for the buyer of the digital good to get the decryption key, it has to pay.  Refusing to pay simply means the buyer has a bunch of random bits.
@_date: 2018-08-14 06:52:23
The need for `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` was due to requiring that the backoff transactions (i.e. the first pair of unilateral-close transactions) did not commit to a specific funding transaction, because of malleability problems (i.e. a transaction with valid signatures could have its txid changed by a trivial modification of the representation of the signatures).
Basically the reason why `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` was proposed was because of transaction malleation.  So to get around malleation problems, `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` does not sign the transaction output being spent.
Since SegWit fixed the malleability problem, txids of the funding transaction are now stable and won't change, so there is no longer any risk in committing to a specific funding transaction.  So the requirement of `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` is now currently not needed.
(Note that a newer proposal, Decker-Russell-Osuntokun eltoo, does require `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`)
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:16:57
Fees will go higher precisely because of the batching.  Paying $2 for a single $10 transaction is painful, paying $3 to settle a channel that has done five hundred $1 transactions in various directions is a negligible operating expense.  Onchain fees will go up while offchain fees will remain tiny, and it will be sufficient to offset any loss from halvenings.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:58:29
Huh? No.  Read it again. "When all shades are gray, there is no color anymore."
@_date: 2018-08-29 13:59:59
In general, the first confirmation is the hardest.  After that it usually just goes up every ten minutes.
@_date: 2018-08-29 03:34:12
FIBRE is for block propagation, although the protocol it is based on (compact blocks) takes advantage of the mempool on both sender and receiver (i.e. the sender has to have the tx in the block already in its mempool, and if all txes other than coinbase are in the mempool it just sends a partial txid of each tx in the block to tell the receiver which txes in the mempool it should use).
@_date: 2018-08-30 08:37:49
Unfortunately we are limited by real-world concerns, sigh.  Some places have easy access to energy, others do not.  Proof-of-work requires the consumption of energy (actually the increase of entropy) to serve as a proof-of-time-passing (since the arrow-of-time points from low-entropy to high-entropy universally) which then serves as the ordering of "which transaction was confirmed first".  That is the physical basis of PoW and why it cannot be replaced by anything more efficient (it's already pretty near to the ideal of a measure of increasing entropy).
In practice places where it is easy to get energy reserves that can be consumed are limited by various geopolitical factors.
If we can solve the problem of distributing energy more equitably, then the issue of mining centralization will inevitably disappear.  So the next step towards mining decentralization is energy decentralization.
@_date: 2018-08-08 07:22:53


All human behavior is economic behavior.  For efficiency, then, we should devote as much energy to the maintenance of the economic system as for the rest of human behavior.  So I don't see it as a problem unless we spend more energy on mining than on actually living.
Ultimately, all concerns drop down to efficiency, i.e. getting the most out of entropy-loss.  Climate change is bad because it forces us to devote more and more resources to adapting to climate change, especially since we already know that human beings suck at estimating the total effects of slow but big changes (like climate).


Personally, yes.  Does he deserve it?  Arguably, yes.  Do his heirs deserve it? No, and that's the ***real*** source of the problem.  Rich people who got rich by starting at poor or middle-class and working hard and playing their cards right and improving our world definitely deserve to become rich.  It's the people (and countries, and races, and so on...) whose parents/ancestors were the ones who got rich that all fucking suck and don't deserve it.
Now the issue is that raising a child is considered a very personal and very important choice.  You can't go and say to the rich dude(tte) who got rich through his or her efforts and say, no, you can't put your kid in private school where he or she will learn skills and techniques that the children of poor people won't learn, everyone should go to the government-sanctioned schools where at least everyone has the same start, also you can't give your child(ren) a trust fund because that would be unfair.  And if you were in that position, you'd be pissed off too, because your children are your children.  But in the end, a lot of inequality and unfairness today comes from precisely that.


Depends on the characteristics of the cryptocurrency.  For what it's worth, down at the bitcoin-dev where Bitcoin development is discussed and debated, the general sense is that there are a variety of improvements we can still add to Bitcoin, and most changes introduced by altcoins aren't really significant enough to bother adding to Bitcoin.  Turing-completeness is a lurking bug house, for example.  Possibly only privacy-focusing is what is really important that other altcoins potentially do better, and work is being done (mostly by Poelstra, I think) to eventually have confidential transactions in Bitcoin.


DAGs do not seem to have a significant advantage compared to blockchains, actually.  It's much harder to limit global bandwidth consumption and the chain grows even faster.  And the only *supposed* advantage is simply that smaller devices can still participate in mining.  I suspect that if a DAG-chain succeeds, smaller devices will still get pushed out (they won't be able to produce DAGs fast enough).


Being discussed in bitcoin-dev.  The general sense is that people are overestimating the progress of quantum computing (e.g. cracking 256-bit DL requires 384-qubit quantum computers, we are currently barely scratching 4 qubit computers that take weeks to get their outputs, something like that).  There are algorihms we can fall back on in an emergency in case it turns out we are actually underestimating the progress of quantum computing (they all kinda suck since they eat a lot of blockspace, and of course coordinating a decentralized network to get a necessary emergency update also sucks).  Algorithms that are much more robust against quantum are being researched.


I'd prefer to be more precise here. What isn't centralized, and which almost everybody has some degree of, is *economic power*.  Which in the end is simply saying that human beings can do stuff (i.e. work), because human behavior is economic behavior.


How do you coordinate the attack on centralized governments and banks?  I submit that the economic power aggregate of everyone greatly exceeds the economic power of centralized banks, but coordinating that economic power is difficult.
Fortunately, we find that we can actually create an economic system that can actually operate in a decentralized manner.
***Bitcoin is the attack on centralized banks and governments.***


*shrug*. And?  You gonna point to how Bitcoin Core is centralized around bitcoin-dev?  I'm just some guy on the Internet, I've been working 14 years and my salary is just about 22000 USD per annum before taxes and I've got a family to feed.  Blame it on my fucking country, because it had the stupidity not to be in Europe or North America.  But my pseudonym in bitcoin-dev has a modicum of respect, because I know how Bitcoin works and what makes it work well, and I helped develop bits of Bitcoin to make it work better.  I'm no gmax or pwuille or apoelstra or ptodd or luke-jr or maaku7, but I have a voice - a small voice, but only because I'm not technically skilled enough - in how Bitcoin will move forward.  And in the end, getting richer by your own effort, through making the world a better place, that's the only victory worth having.
So go ahead and try to keep precious metals afloat.  We have something better now, and I'm helping to make it even better.  Good luck with your efforts!
@_date: 2018-08-14 06:46:24
In the dotcom bubble everyone and their cat was registering new domains for random shit and making startups with no real way to eventually monetize whatever they were doing.  Stupid investors were jumping in and buying random startups in the hope of getting the "next Google" or the "next Amazon" or whatnot.
This is actually very similar to the cryptocurrency space right now, where everyone and their cat is registering new domains for random shit and making tokens with no real way to incentivize the continued existence of those tokens.  Stupid investors are jumping in and buying random tokens in the hope of getting the "next Bitcoin".
Bitcoin is to Google as blockchain is to dotcom.
Several years after the dotcom crash, tell me, do you think Google is still valuable?
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:29:16
Not all risks are the same.  Consider what risks you're facing if you save in Bitcoin.  Now consider what risks you're facing if you're saving in fiat.
1.  Bitcoin might have a serious bug.  This is mitigated by the fact that a lot of very brilliant people are working on the Bitcoin source code (and more I can't remember off-hand), so it's very unlikely at this point to have any breaking bugs.
2.  Fiat is assured to drop in value over time.  It's very sure that you could buy more burgers for 10 USD 20 years ago, than burgers for 10 USD today.  That's a 100% assurance of *some* kind of loss over your saving horizon.
3.  Your local government might decide to quickly increase fiat inflation, without you being able to do anything about it short of open rebellion (which has risks of its own).  This is mitigated if you happen to live in a first-world country, increased otherwise.
Everything is a risk.  The point of rationality is to determine which risk is worth taking.  Don't fall into a trap where there is not black and white and therefore everything is gray, you're replacing a two-color view with a worse single-color view!  Instead consider that some shades of gray are light enough to be practically white in some circumstances, and some shades of gray are dark enough to be practically black in some circumstances, and use that to decide for yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-29 03:40:54
By forming merchant networks. If another merchant with incoming channels then connects to you, it can get forwarding fees from its incoming channel to your incoming channel.
@_date: 2018-08-10 10:13:51


Yes, that is precisely the attack.  The issue is that newly-brought-up fullnodes can't differentiate between either fork.


Even *with* "real" miners existing, the system can't work; the proof-of-stake obscures the above holes.  Just stick with proof-of-work.
An alternative I've seen is "proof-of-mainstake" where the stake is actually on another chain that is either proof-of-work, or is a proof-of-mainstake with stakes in a proof-of-mainstake that leads (through however many layers) to a "base chain" protected by proof-of-work.  That seems more plausible, but basically the stake being used to generate new blocks cannot be a stake that exists within the blockchain.  One can argue that "real miner" proof-of-work is really proof-of-mainstake in that sense, with the "stake" being Bitcoin mining hardware instead of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-08-16 03:50:56
For that matter, paper money used to be a bearer bond (i.e. security) for precious metals, and was used for currency quite quickly.  So the real question is, aren't currencies supposed to be securities?
@_date: 2018-08-13 05:30:47
It won't, but if the reward goes down due to the mining costs, then miners are still incentivized to continue mining at reduced capacity until the next difficulty adjustment, at which point mining becomes easier and the ratio of reward to cost readjusts.
In economic terms, the point MC=MR (marginal cost equals marginal revenue) will adjust, and miners will go to that point.  That point is unlikely to drop to "no miners at all".
@_date: 2018-08-15 04:23:56
Because inflation of money is just another tax imposed by governments on their people.  It's a tax on those who *save* money instead of wasting their money on cheap thrills, just like the income tax is a tax on those who *work hard* instead of just having a piece of paper that says they own some land and can get money from people who have to use that land to work.  That's why inflation is bad bad bad bad bad, and is as bad as income tax.
@_date: 2018-08-29 03:26:08


@_date: 2018-08-29 03:38:43
One technique is to use an offchain-to-onchain swap mechanism (such as submarine swap).  Open a channel to the network, perform an offchain-to-onchain swap to get onchain bitcoins back (minus fee).
Another is to strongly advertise your service.  At some point somebody will just make a direct channel to you, just to get your service.  xref Blockstream Store.
Finally, you can just wait.  Many autopilots will actively search for nodes with good capacity on the edge o the network (i.e. with weak connectivity) and prefer to connect there, so if you keep your node running for a month or so you'll find yourself with incoming capacity anyway.
@_date: 2018-08-20 04:16:39
Look up discrete log contracts.  Since most "smart" contracts need an oracle and a termination date anyway, dicrete log contracts can be used to provide both, with the major advantage that the contract is executed completely offchain and there is no evidence of the contract onchain.  Needs Schnorr on the base chain, though.
@_date: 2018-08-03 07:28:15
I'll do you one better.  On Lightning, every channel through which you might route your funds is anchored on some unspent transaction output that is auditably present on the blockchain.  So you know it's backed by real BTC, for sure, because the channel includes a reference to its location on the blockchain.
Why bother using an ETF when you can just spin up an LN node and have better auditability over the money you are using?
@_date: 2018-08-15 11:02:28
`1 + SHA256(blockid) % 21`
@_date: 2018-08-08 04:45:59


Possibly, but transporting precious metals globally is risky and high-cost.  Digital goods transported globally has far lower cost.
1. Bitcoin has the same properties (scarcity, verifiability) that makes precious metals valuable
2. Bitcoin has the advantage that it can be transferred globally with very little fuss.
Now you might say that we can just use some precious-metal-pegged digital asset.  But the precious metal that it is pegged to exists physically and is potentially a target that can be attacked physically: it can be stolen or misreported.  Bitcoin has the advantage that, as a distributed network, there is no central physical location that can be attacked.


Here's a better view for why proof-of-work is necessary (and why proof-of-stake and proof-of-anything-other-than-work is either going to devolve down to proof-of-work or proof-of-central authority).
1. The simplest rule for saying "who owns what" is simply to timestamp the transfer of digital goods.  So if I paid you and gmax a single digital good that is not supposed to be duplicatable, then if I paid you first, you are the "real" owner and not gmax.
2.  In an adversarial environment (i.e. any networked environment) you cannot rely on typical human timestamps.
3.  You *can* use physics to measure the passage of time.  We know in particular that the "arrow of time" points from the direction of less entropy to greater entropy.
4.  Proof-of-work, by consuming usable energy, proves that time passed between two events.  It cannot have been generated if energy was not spent, and energy going from a spendable to an unspendable state is basically the definition of increasing entropy.
5.  Thus proof-of-work is in fact a proof that time passes, and provides an ordering in time with which we can impose the simple policy "who got paid with the digital good first is the one who owns the digital good".
Thus, the consummption of energy is in fact necessary, just as the consumption of food (energy) is necessary to keep human beings running.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:54:26
No, you are completely wrong.  It does not matter what they are denominated in: land has a value, partial control of a company has a value, even a promise by a government all have some value, and the denomination does not matter at all.  Whether denominated in dollar or bitcoin, all of those have some value, and that value is something that we expect should be preserved in general.
And "fiat" money itself is supposed to be a promise from some central authority to provide a decent currency, but inflation ***breaks that promise***.
@_date: 2018-08-16 07:01:56
If my understanding is correct, current zk-starks and zk-snarks require a trusted setup, which is unlikely to be accepted in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:27:30
Not the other guy but really, the scenario you are postulating simply cannot happen.
Electromagnetic waves completely neglect what country they're coming from and what country they're going to.  You can use electromagnetic wave modulation to transmit data.  Sure, at slow rates, but what did you think the block size limit was for anyway?
Electromagnetic waves can cross the Pacific Ocean if you use long-wavelength (low frequency) electromagnetic waves.  The waves bounce from the ocean surface and then reflect from the Earth's ionosphere repeatedly until they can travel more than a quarter of the world.  Granted the data rate is low (because of the low frequency, reducing the possible useable data bandwidth, as well as signal attenuation at each bounce) and ionosphere disruptions from solar activity will make it stop working, but no solar activity is going to last an entire friggin year.
I am reminded of a fantasy world where technological devices stopped working when the protagonist got teleported to it.  Even something as simple as the matches in his pocket stopped working.
Except matches work via the reactivity of phosphorus.
And the human bodies use a chemical, adenosine triphosphate, to store and transmit energy within its cells.
Triphosphate is composed of three phosphorus atoms.  Adenosine triphosphate takes advantage of the reactivity of phosphorus to transmit and store energy.
In a world where matches don't work, *human beings will keel over and die because the phosphorus in their bodies stop working*.
Now to answer your hypothetical, the country with the largest hashpower will have its blockchain be the official one, once the network split heals.
Savvy miners will look at the chainsplits of every other country to harvest useable transactions so that they can earn fees on the official blockchain.  So transactions on the "failed" chainsplits will still end up on the official blockchain.
@_date: 2018-08-31 09:05:17


But it is indeed a magic pill.  I don't need to *produce* millions of said item.  I only need to *buy* a hundred of them, and that is enough to drive the current miner centralization you see.  Do you thnk those warehouses you're so concerned about in China have ***millions*** of hashers?  What are you going to do, restrict sales to only one-person-one-miner? Then I'll get a hundred investors together, have each of them buy a miner, and then I'll split up profits and earn a little more by doing all the maintenance myself in a single building with well-organized racks in a location with cheap electricity.
It can be done regardless of the rarity of the item, it just needs money.  What you are doing is making it harder for ordinary people to buy a hundred miners, *increasing centralization*.


1. Sure.  Give me the specs.  As long as the code to execute is fixed (and when it comes to *consensus code*, it has to be very stable: if you're changing it every month, it will be proof-of-developer, not proof-of-work) I can build specific hardware that runs faster than a CPU.  I may very well *start* with a CPU design from opencores.org, but with some analysis I can figure out which parts I can elide and which parts I can disable dynamically to reduce power consumption.  Or if it has loops there's a chance I can use one of any of the patterns I've discovered over the years to design hardware that can perform the operation.  In the end, interpretation is slower than compilation.  A CPU is just an interpreter.  An ASIC is compiled.  Will it take work? Yes.  And the more work it takes, the *stronger it will centralize*, because you *reduce the number of people with the skills and dedication to make it all work*.
2. You're going to use all that simultaneously in each block?  How is any single PC going to run all of those within a reasonable fraction of your blockrate?
@_date: 2014-01-09 04:16:32
I *think* that the point is that ***a miner is a node***.  So you can't cheat anyone except yourself.
@_date: 2018-08-31 08:10:05


This does not make any sense at all. Do you know what "economies of scale" mean?  Why would there not exist people or corporations who will buy 100 units of whatever hardware will be needed to hash, put them in nicely organized racks in well-ventilated buildings with central air conditioning in the nearest place with cheap electricity, and hire a single engineer to keep everything running and maybe a guy who sweeps on weekends, and why would they not outcompete solo miners who spend a good chunk of their precious time tweaking their single units?  Regardless of whether it requires ASIC, FPGA, GPU, CPU, or bunches of people with pen and paper, economies of scale exist and will outcompete everyone else, pushing up difficulty and etc etc etc.


And I am telling you *there is no such problem*.  Every problem that can be solved by a general purpose computer can be *solved even faster* by thinking a little harder and creating a special purpose computer.  I even gave you an example of some languages to look at.  Verilog. VHDL. BlueSpec. I even told you the computer science behind specialization: Futamura projections.  Anything your general-purpose computer can do, my special-purpose hardware can do better with reduced power consumption.  I know this because my previous job involved hardware design work, and we regularly prototyped algorithms in C or Haskell or whatever and then I'd go and think long and hard and create a hardware design from that. Then we'd run week-long tests to confirm that the hardware design output matched the prototype software program, because they couldn't believe I was that awesome.  This was hardware that processed videos in real time with negligible latency (because pipelines, fuck yeah), when the software program would probably have required a couple seconds per frame to run.
You wanna put a PRNG? I can design a circuit from your PRNG program that will output one generated PRNG word per clock cycle, a rate your software will never achieve.  Force a lot of memory accesses? I'll design a 128-bit bus that can transfer twice as much data as your lousy 64-bit CPU can, and I can \*still\* use the same techniques that CPUs do to improve memory access latency (pipelined memory access, caching).  I can even cut away cruft: general-purpose CPUs usually access memory sequentially, so a single 64-bit read will trigger a cache line read of 4x 64-bit words below the cache level, and if I know you're trying to make me access memory in pseudorandom pattern, I can remove the circuitry that does that automatically.  And I can probably prototype this on an FPGA, with the next step being tapeout to ASIC.
@_date: 2018-08-15 09:53:26
You say September 1 here, but the schedule on the site says August 31. :( I have a chance of getting there on a Saturday but definitely not on a Friday.
@_date: 2018-08-20 07:58:52
No it doesn't, because most elites don't keep their assets as *currency*.  They keep them as land and properties and stocks and bonds.  Those don't get devalued by the local currency's inflation.  To the elite, less than 10% of their assets are in currency or currency derivatives.  Most are in land, stocks, bonds, and so on.  The hoi polloi will be keeping 90% to 100% of their assets as cash in the bank.  *That* will make inflation ***hit the average worker even harder***.
And that's the really hard point.  You can't buy a decent bit of land for 30k USD.  You have to *save up*.  And while you're saving up to get your bit of land, the economic power is slowly being eroded by inflation.
Stocks are easier but getting a brokerage account often requires showing you have some money (at least in some places) before you can actually invest in them.
@_date: 2018-08-17 09:43:10
SPV is effectively giving up on direct access to the blockchain, i.e. you're not verifying it.
When we say "we need to make blockchains scale" we usually also implicitly mean "all users should be able to at least verify the blockchain themselves even as we scale up".
@_date: 2018-08-31 08:24:06
Agreed. I was just being pedantic and precise.  Indeed the comment only holds for hardforks.
@_date: 2018-08-29 10:36:22
The "1" should only occur once, after the "bc".  It will not occur again after that first time.  All other characters in bech32 were specifically selected to be very different in both upper- and lower-case for most sans serif fonts.
@_date: 2018-08-14 10:49:30
(rolls eyes)
Which is still pretty good as a company, it still exists and still innovates, yada yada.
You still would have gotten an advantage if you invested in Yahoo early.
@_date: 2017-03-27 04:43:01
So what you're saying is that, 20 years ago having a separate settlement and payment layers was state of the art?? Then we should put them both on the same layer now!!1!1!
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:15:48
Atomic swap has an inherent premium-free American Option, which needs to be fixed somehow: 
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:49:10
Lol must have been a slow day then, top posts usually have ~600M upvotes in 2025.
@_date: 2017-03-30 00:49:47
Nah, that's just the next mining reward halvening; more effort to get the same amount of gold.  The universe has a limited supply of gold.
@_date: 2019-03-29 13:32:31


I don't think so; my own reading of the bitcoin-dev mailinglist suggests there are objections to it, which is why BIP157 pull request is kinda stalled.
But honestly I don't follow neutrino by itself all that much, compared to (say) Lightning Network and in particular c-lightning.


If I understand correctly it connects to a certain modified btcd peer to get a Neutrino protocol interface, and uses other peers (bitcoind, other implementations) to download the blocks it is interested in.
But I'm mostly a c-lightning guy, so I don't really pay that much attention to the details of lnd.




Probably not; current lnd is already approximately like this currently. anyway, as I understand it.
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:46:47


But an attacker can try targeting laziness (so towards the smaller number of low-quality keys), and attackers can attack "everyone on the chain" instead of particular individuals.  That improves the expected payoff over expected effort, possibly to greater than 1 and making that attack inevitable for everyone who uses such.
Now if the number of keys is enough for you to reach the cycle on average then it becomes safe.
So I guess OP has to actually give a numeric value (number of bits) that each "low-quality randomness" is.


It can't add randomness that isn't in the original keyset; hashes are deterministic.
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:06:52
Personally, it seems that the miners will NOT include a 2MB block, ever.  They will just keep on blocking SegWit indefinitely.
@_date: 2017-03-27 05:27:54
Reddit, back when bitcoin did not yet have its own subreddit. Possibly on r/programming? Don't remember anymore
@_date: 2017-03-27 05:10:02
Bitcoin Unlimited proposes to implement Emergent Consensus to define block size. What it means is that miners will vote with their hashpower to define the block size. A consensus emerges once a big enough  number of miners agrees on a block size.
From the point of view of some others, this allows miners too much control over the protocol parameter. The concern is that miners may choose big enough blocks that are not feasibly verfiable for most nodes with low internet bandwidth. In particular a miner or pool with very good bandwidth between its individual machines might make up an emergent consensus for a particular block size and not transmit that chain for a while, letting other miners work on previous consensus, then suddenly pushing the new consensus, invalidating the work of other miners and wasting the electricity they used. While such an attack is already feasible with current rules if you get &gt;50% of global hashrate, the concern is that the ability to change the rules may allow a reasonably large hashrate (i.e. less than 50%) to effectively split up the competition and allow localized &gt;50%hashrates.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:55:12
10 years logic design and verification (front end design). Previous company had its own fab several generations behind, so I had experience with getting functionality to reduced gates but no experience in the problems that crop up at submicron.
@_date: 2017-03-29 03:40:38
When some schmucks say "Let's do X!" and the price drops, the economic majority dislikes it. When some other schmucks say "Let's do Y!" and the price rises, the economic majority like it.
@_date: 2019-03-14 08:42:45
Contentious hard fork of the universe.
@_date: 2019-03-18 08:21:32
It's possible on the blockchain layer.
However, you cannot "by 50 on blockchain", you can only buy on an exchange.  Are you referring to blockchain.info or the actual blockchain?
If you are referring to a specific exchange, it depends on the exchange if they support bc1 addresses.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:33:22
The economy is that thing which makes the bitcoin price drop whenever BU advances and makes the bitcoin price rise whenever BU falters.
The economy is what keeps fiat-vs-BTC ratios high.  If that ratio drops, then the vote is moot because nobody will care anymore.
The invisible hand of Adam Smith is more powerful than the one-ASIC-one-vote of Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2019-03-18 11:01:24
Eclair Mobile currently only supports unidirectional send-only channels.  So there's truly no point in keeping a "depleted" channel open under Eclair mobile --- it can't be used for routing through an Eclair Mobile node, so any capacity in a depleted Eclair Mobile channel is not going to move, ever.
The "send-only" restriction allows Eclair Mobile to not have to store the information needed to punish old states, because all older states will have the Eclair Mobile node own more money than it currently has, so replaying old state would be daft for its counterparty.
@_date: 2017-03-21 05:01:46
s/democracy/representative democracy/
@_date: 2019-03-18 10:44:20
But any second layer has to work on top of the base layer, which is basically my argument: working on top of **that** damn hostile base layer is hard enough to be sufficient spur.  And there are three implementations of LN (with a fourth playing catch-up for now), which have a mix of cooperation and competition in advancing the LN standard, so at least *within* the standardized second layer there's competition.  But the standardized layer itself sits on top of a hard-to-modify base layer, and modifying that standardized layer is only a little easier than modifying the base layer (but within the standardized layer we can put features to make it easier to add more features, which is part of the "TLV" work ongoing right now).
Which isn't to say that another class of 2nd layers won't be discovered someday --- but if there are any left to discover, one can argue that if it's "near enough" to LN, it would be better to merge the effort with LN, and if it's far from LN, then it is more likely (than LN) to require a base layer change that will delay its deployment even further.
The basic tech of LN is basically creating a secure way to offer blockchain-backed contracts between two particular participants (i.e. a bidirectional payment channel).  The fact that HTLCs can cross multiple such systems, and can be encoded as a blockchain-backed contract (which can be issued within the payment channel), means that it can be leveraged to transfer across multiple payment channels.
Any higher-layer system that involves offering contracts to one another without consuming blockchain resources is near enough to the above that it would be likely to be better to fold into LN as another kind of channel.  Even multiparticipant systems could offer the same contracts that back payment channels onchain, meaning that multiparticipant systems (that are capable of passing Bitcoin SCRIPT contracts ariound) can be split into multiple two-party systems (each backed by a contract on the multiparticipant system) that can join and extend the LN --- that's basically the idea of channel factories.
@_date: 2019-03-19 04:36:18


Whelp.  Compare this to proof-of-work blockchains, where up to 49% of hashpower (N/2) can be Byzantine without breaking the rest of the network, and in addition are strongly incentivized (by the mining subsidy and transaction fees) to become honest instead.


This is harder than it looks, and seems to be the weakest part of their algorithm.


How are you going to implement both anonymity and sampling in the same network?  Anonymity at least implies uncertainty that a particular process (person) is not an alias of another process, or may or may not exist, now you also want an oracle that can choose uniformly at random from all processes (persons)?
One way to achieve both is by proof-of-work, I suppose.  The paper proposes proof-of-bandwidth, but damn, that's as bad as proof-of-work.
@_date: 2019-03-26 03:47:47


No it's not.  SegWit2x totally failed to do this and would have caused two splits (it planned to only have one split) if it had pushed through (SegWit2x: not just twice the blocksize, but twice the chainsplits!).  Conclusion: this is harder than you think, because people are stupid.
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:43:41
1. We know that blockchains *can't scale*.
2. In order to scale Bitcoin, sidechains propose to create *even more blockchains* each of which *can't scale*.
Is that line of thought reasonable?
Sidechains are nice for prototyping features like Simplicity and Confidential Transactions before putting them onto Bitcoin.  They're not really nice for scaling.
@_date: 2019-03-26 04:35:48
This is a good opening for a joke.
*I* paid *your* mother bills for fucking.  Simple.
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:04:28


First, it's "Lightning Network" or LN.
Current miner rewards are dominated by miner subsidy (12.5BTC per block).  Most current blocks have fees less than 0.5 BTC total (lots have less than 0.1BTC fees total), which makes them a miniscule amount relative to the miner subsidy.  Even reducing that will not reduce the incentive to mine by much.  Even after two more halvenings you're still comparing 3.125BTC to &lt; 0.5BTC, which is still not dominant, and two halvenings will be 8 years from now, more than enough time for various conditions to change.
Finally, transactions will still occur onchain despite Lightning, because Lightning requires the below important tradeoffs:
* You have to be online to receive.  Note that not even watchtowers can help with this (watchtowers can only remove the "online to enact justice in case you are cheated" requirement, they cannot receive funds on your behalf).
This has a massive effect on Bitcoin usage.  An always-online device is a lot easier to remotely attack than a device you bring online only periodically.
This means that people will put savings in a sometimes-online device (e.g. hardware wallet, or some cold storage), then put spending money in an always-online LN node.  That LN node serves as an everyday wallet-in-your-back-pocket, while your cold storage is your bank.
Transfers to and from your bank to your pants-wallet will require onchain activity.
Now you should take note that this is often already the case: many people are already putting their savings in cold wallets they control with a small amount in convenient places like exchange or third-party wallets that have some kind of direct customer-to-customer transfers that are not done onchain.  What Lightning changes is removing the need to trust a custodial wallet while still keeping transfers offchain, and removing the barriers between the different third-party wallets by providing a trustless method of transferring funds offchain.
In short, we don't really expect most transfers to move from onchain to offchain: we expect more transfers (that are not feasible onchain and will never appear there even if LN never existed) to appear in the LN layer.
@_date: 2019-03-18 07:55:07


Yes, because without Bitcoin, saving up to buy a property is going to be infeasible for most of humanity, including myself.


The population and poverty problems in my country is ***even worse*** than India's, so if we get first dibs, ***YES DEFINITELY***.
It's the whole point, which is what you don't realize.  My country is being used by richer countries, primarily USA but also variously in Europe and Middle East, to grow new slaves.  Those who manage to leave are being exploited for their brains, then assimilated to their cultures.  This cannot last without something breaking.


And?  The land will *still* be under the same rules, and the rich people coming around will still over-report the land value because somebody richer can still come around to buy it from them.  In the end, things will settle such that rent on land will only be marginally higher than tax on land, which is the whole point anyway.
But in any case, it doesn't matter: rich assholes want to keep us enslaved, and rich non-assholes don't see us at all.  So the above is just mental masturbation for me.  So I'll just keep on saving using Bitcoin, because idiots like you dominate the world, and I have to figure out how to destroy idiots like you first, which isn't really very nice.
@_date: 2019-03-20 11:36:00
Why not a website on a tor hidden service?  Again avoids the cost of a public IP.  Does have the drawback that you're only accessible from an onion bridge or from an actual Tor browser, but I suppose it depends on what kind of website you want to make.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:55:12
10 years logic design and verification (front end design). Previous company had its own fab several generations behind, so I had experience with getting functionality to reduced gates but no experience in the problems that crop up at submicron.
@_date: 2019-03-12 08:28:44
Satoshi's design only works in the combination of the below:
1.  Miners providing proof-of-work...
2.  ...in exchange for tokens...
3.  ...with economic value.
Without all three, you don't have a proper blockchain, you have a lousy merklized singly-linked list that's being abused into a key-value store.
@_date: 2019-03-14 10:27:13
Then you misunderstand evolution.  An evolutionary feature can only arise and spread through the population, if it gives benefits *today*, with  the *current* state of the population.
It's why Bitcoin has this enormous baggage of backward-compatibility features, like the continued support for `OP_CODESEPARATOR` even though nobody knows what the fuck it does and what it's good for.
It's why you still have an appendix.  It disappearing entirely would be nice, but it can only disappear incrementally. But as its size shrinks, the risk of infection increases, so it must forever maintain a minimum size with low risk of infection.
Anything that can arise, must provide some benefit in today's world, or else it cannot arise at all.
New species arise by slow transformation from one species to another.  That speed may increase, but the *incrementality* cannot be skipped.
Ignore this, and you will be severely disappointed.
@_date: 2019-03-19 11:02:14


It's not available directly on the Bitcoin blockchain layer, but many protocols on top of Bitcoin do support creation of tokens: [Omni]( [RGB]( maybe more.
@_date: 2019-03-13 02:31:48
But if those transactions have never been made, would you know?
@_date: 2019-03-19 10:56:08
@_date: 2019-03-31 11:50:02


I'm not sure what you're asking.
Current Neutrino nodes are btcd nodes (a "Core-compatible" fullnode implementation) with a patch.
So current Neutrino nodes are fullnodes and the BIP157 protocol describes the behavior of fullnodes that keep around an extra index of blocks (the BIP158-defined structure), and how a light node interacts with such nodes.
Hypothetically, a separate Neutrino daemon that interacts with a locally-hosted bitcoind and indexes its blocks, would add a little more CPU power to generate the BIP158 coded sets on top of the bitcoind verification.  But it won't add bandwidth, and storage of the coded sets is tiny compared to the blocks (a few hundred bytes per block, consider blocks have a million bytes and more, that's negligible if you're not pruning, and even if you *are* pruning, the coded sets will total only a few million bytes.).


I mean nodes.
Wallets protect a private key.  Consider a hardware wallet, which does not (directly) connect to the Internet in order to reduce the attack surface.
Nodes connect to the Bitcoin network and interact with it.  Consider a node with ElectrumX installed, which might not have any private keys it is holding, instead having a separate Electrum instance on a separate device that holds the private keys.


It *could* since it has to get the entire block in order to create the BIP158 coded sets.
Since you're gonna download the entire block anyway, why not verify it while you're doing it? (I guess CPU?)


If it's an SPV node, then yes, every SPV node always uses highest PoW.  It can't use anything else.
Any node that does not download *every* block of the blockchain and verify it is constrained to be an SPV node at best.
Even a `blocksonly` pruned Core node is a fullnode since it has to download all the blocks in the blockchain.
A node that generates and provides BIP158 coded sets for each block it knows of would have to download every block in order to generate the BIP158 coded set.  Now a light node might keep the BIP158 coded sets it gets and pass it on to other light nodes (since the coded sets are a tiny fraction of block size) but *something* has to generate it.  And those generators have to download the entire block, so it might as well do verification on the block.


Yes, in principle this is possible.  It's not how it's being developed.  Now that I think of it, why not?  Might be useful to bring it up to the lnd people.


Not particularly either way, mildly opposed but I won't get upset if it *does* get merged in.  I might be biased since I'm a C-lightning fanboi though, and Neutrino is an lnd innovation, and we're always playing catch-up to them haha; better to get this from somebody who might be less biased.
@_date: 2019-03-13 10:29:13
Hopefully.  I'd estimate LN can get us 10x to 100x scaling.  Channel factories, maybe another 10x, so up to 1000x scaling (hopefully).  But I estimate we need 10,000x to 100,000x scaling for global utilization, so we need one or two more orders-of-magnitude scaling, *including* LN somewhere there.
If LN doesn't succeed that's an immediate loss of up to 100x scaling, and that's going to massively reduce the utility of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-31 07:04:15
You need to set up your router to forward port 8333.
Alternately, use Tor, set up torrc to make a new hidden service on local port 8333, and set up bitcoin to use the hidden service.  That way you never have to forward ports.
@_date: 2019-03-14 09:28:33
LOL.  If you get to live for a hundred years, here's a nice challenge for you: on a specific day on each year, at a specific time and place, take the temperature.  Record it.  See what's true.
@_date: 2019-03-19 04:38:30
I don't know of any.  It should be doable I suppose...
@_date: 2019-03-08 10:34:08
I guess?  Is it c-lightning? lnd? ptarmigan? Eclair?
@_date: 2019-03-12 10:15:34
See, the world is a really strange place; the first application for proof-of-work was ***not*** Bitcoin.  The first application was spam reduction.  You'd set up a spam filter such that emails would have to include some proof-of-work.  Get the hash of their email message, plus some salt included in the email message, and if the hash is above some threshold, delete the email outright.
Then Hal Finney came up with the idea of reusable proof-of-work, a prototype digital cash which is issued by creating proof-of-work, then registering the proof-of-work in a central server.  The server then issues tokens and responds to requests to transfer the money to various accounts.
Then Satoshi comes up with combining the proof-of-work with the idea that proof-of-work commits to the historicity/genuineness of a historical transcript.  Instead of a central server we have a decentralized network of nodes that verify a single central historical transcript.  Thus, Bitcoin.
Now we're going back to the original problem, which is reducing spam.... LOL.
@_date: 2019-03-01 11:25:11
C-lightning at least is single-threaded -- they can't happen "at the same time".
Note also that Lighning is ***offchain*** --- you don't need to sync to the Lightning network, there is nothing to sync.  You *do* need to sync to the Bitcoin network because it's the basis, or at least be connected to a Bitcoin node that is well synced.
I believe the other implementations use a backing database which will serialize the payments, thus making it impossible to "happen at the same time".
Or are you talking about paying from different nodes?  If so, then what will happen is that most intermediate nodes (lnd in particular) will steal the payment if one already passed through it with the same payment hash.  If the payments don't cross until the destination then the destination will get both payments.
But note in particular that what happens in a LN payment is really that you are *paying for the preimage*.  And once you know the preimage, well, you know it.  There's no real use for you paying for it twice, you won't learn more preimages, you just learn the preimage you already learned about.  This is the justification for why lnd willingly steals it; you're just giving free money at that point.
In short: don't do that.
@_date: 2017-03-27 02:46:31
Or could it be the reverse? Is segwit support rising because of higher price?
Or is someone manipulating the btc market, creating an inverse Dump then Pump, making lows deliberately to buy btc on the cheap, then selling afterwards to get some money, and somehow manipulating BU miner count?
(The reason why correlation does not imply causation is that usually some hidden variable is causing both phenomena. Consider the classic example of correlation between number of pirates and global warming.)
@_date: 2019-03-04 10:25:27
You don't need to keep the ENTIRE network state.  You just try, and if it fails, try again.  The existing LN software already does this automatically.
You don't even need to keep the entire network graph in memory.  You just need to keep enough of it in memory to keep yourself connected to everyone you are interested in paying to.
@_date: 2019-03-13 09:54:40
Conclusion: clown &gt; programmer.  Because CHOCOLATE COINS are yummy.
@_date: 2019-03-27 14:00:26
BIP158 is the Golomb-Rice coded sets, BIP157 is *using* BIP158 in the manner I described above (i.e. Fullnode makes a BIP158 Golomb-Rice coded set for a block, provides p2p messages that Light Nodes can use).  BIP158 (the data structure definitions only, and code to manipulate the data structure) has been merged in, but as far as I know the final BIP157 has not.  Here's a partial pull request for BIP157:  ; this is only partial and is not a full BIP157 implementation on Bitcoin Core yet.
Basically, putting the data structures needed for BIP157 is a necessary precondition before the full BIP157 infrastructure can be implemented.
So this is basically "on its way" to being fully supported, but is currently only in bits and pieces for now.
If I remember correctly there was some pushback against Neutrino, in much the same way as the NicolasDorier post (might have been Nicolas himself, haha).


I'm not sure if it's necessary for *Core* to do so.  Presumably, if ElectrumX can work as a separate daemon that indexes the blocks that an attached bitcoind considers valid, why can't a Neutrinod be made as a separate daemon that provides the same service but with the "inverted" form where the Neutrinod daemon never learns what the Light Node's addresses are?
@_date: 2019-03-19 08:08:21
Thing is, cash discounts are so exploitative.  Mathematically it's the same: a cash discount is a credit card surcharge; you pay more if using credit card compared to cash.
It's psychologically different: people are more willing to let go of a tiny discount off the listed price, but will raise bloodly hell for being charged even a tiny surcharge over the listed price.
Now people are fucking dumb, but sometimes we just have to support our brains, because our brains aren't some magic extraphysical "soul" shit, they're thinking machines bound by the laws of thermodynamics that have limitations on what operations they can perform per unit time.
So credit card companies should really be prevented from requiring that stores not charge a credit card surcharge (which just forces stores to raise all listed prices and offer a cash discount if the customer asks).  Because it's totally exploitative behavior, exploiting limitations of human brains.
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:36:43


With great difficulty, but yes.


If neither has added softforks that are incompatible with one another, the one with more proof-of-work will obliterate the other.
If one softforked but the other didn't, the softforked version will retain identity even if its proof-of-work is lower, and will obliterate the other if its proof-of-work is higher.
If both softforked to incompatible rules then both can potentially exist *in perpetua*.


Almost, but not quite --- perseverance would be possible.


They'll flood the network when the city rejoins, then the network will settle down to normal after a while.
@_date: 2019-03-04 10:29:07
You are in over your head and need to study more basic things, like C programming and C++ programming.
@_date: 2019-03-13 08:06:38
Yes.  Don't you?
More seriously: a generic device like a CPU is less likely to be backdoored, since any special behavior you want to trigger will add significant amount of die area in order to recognize that somebody is executing Bitcoin-related code.  That translates to cost.  And if it leaks information in other ways, then that also affects other applications, e.g. rowhammer, spectre, etc., and a generic solution will be found to mitigate the problem (and also fixes the exact Bitcoin-related use case you have).
But a Secure Element has one purpose only.  There is no need for it to add die area to recognize that it's running Bitcoin-related code, because the designer knows it *is* going to be used for Bitcoin-related operations.  Instead the designer can dedicate precious die area in special circuits that are activated only when a specific signal is sent over RF frequencies and extract  information from the "Secure" Element.  And those circuits can be **optimized** for that use-case.  And if it affects only Bitcoin users, then the repurcussions don't really affect a lot of people and it will quietly die out until it's forgotten and the same "Secure" Element, with a different designation stamped on the chip packaging, can be used again.
That's why Secure Elements are not good security.
@_date: 2019-03-12 07:38:45
Yes, LND is a different implementation from c-lightning.
@_date: 2019-03-01 11:18:28
Not directly.  But please remember that analyses can be smarter than you think.
Wasabi is good and is written by someone who knows his or her stuff.  It's also relatively new, which is always a risk.
You can go through multiple layers of mixing before parking into cold storage.  But note that you should generally avoid darknet sites in general.
@_date: 2019-03-13 08:48:40
1.  LN is a separate network on top of Bitcoin.
2.  LN has quite a few characteristics where it is better than Bitcoin. (1) privacy; it is far more difficult to locate sender and receiver on LN than on Bitcoin blockchain, and impossible to do so after-the-fact (2) faster finalization of payments in median case (3) innovations in LN can be done piecemeal without requiring whole-network possible-consensus-breaking upgrades.
3.  LN has a different scaling model compared to Bitcoin.  In the blockchain layer the cost is linear to every use, and is paid by every fullnode.  In LN the cost is O(log N) on the number of updates to a channel (due to Rusty's [SHACHAIN]( and is paid only by the direct participants of the channel.
So let's face it: LN is the only currently viable scaling solution.  It can only ruin Bitcoin if it fails completely.  And because innovations in LN can be done piecemeal it is far less likely to fail completely.
@_date: 2019-03-04 10:23:58
LN needs more developers to make it grandma proof.  Care to put your money where your mouth is and consider donating to efforts to develop LN?
@_date: 2019-03-27 00:50:16
Well... to be very pedantic, most such blocksize increase forks do not actually boil down to "change a 1 to an N".  Instead, it's "change a consensus constant to a consensus variable that is dependent on blockheight", because they want a flagday to declare their separation from consensus.  And apparently the Bitcoin code is weird enough (blame Satoshi) that blockheights are sometimes 0-based and sometimes 1-based, depending on part of code, which is what bit SegWit2X.
And FWIW core engineers did peer review the code a little, he was just so critical of them that they stopped bothering.
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:47:59
Yes, but any method of aggregating would probably also work, not just MuSig specifically.
@_date: 2019-11-13 02:35:23
Well, you are wrong.  The simple fact of the matter is that bigger blocks was not Satoshi's approach. (And let me reiterate: ***Satoshi doesn't matter anymore, he fucking left***).
Instead, what Satoshi wanted to implement (and failed to implement correctly) was what we today call payment channels.
Now the above is hearsay.  Mike Hearn said Satoshi said it.  But we actually have **strong** evidence that Satoshi did in fact consider it in the design of the protocol in the first place.
That evidence is the existence of the `nSequence` field in ***every*** transaction input, and how it interacts with `nLockTime`.
In the original BitCoin 0.1.0 Alpha, `nSequence` implemented transaction replacement.  Specifically the original meaning was:
* If any `nSequence` was not 0xFFFFFFFF, then `nLockTime` worked.  If all `nSequence` on all inputs were 0xFFFFFFFF then `nLockTime` was ignored.
* If a node received a transaction that double-spent an output already spent by a transaction in the mempool, it would reject that transaction **unless** it had an `nSequence` higher than what it had in the mempool.
The entire point is that incrementing `nSequence` was to be used as the "state counter" for what today we would call a payment channel.  for an explanation.
And you can't get nearer to ***Satoshi's Approach[TM]*** than being a field that he personally added to every transaction in the first ever release of the first ever Bitcoin node software.  That's very strong evidence that this kind of high-frequency channel update mechanism (today *correctly* implemented by Lightning) was in the cards since the very beginning.
The only reason Lightning today does not use these `nSequence` channels is because they're broken.  Why?  Because Satoshi was human and made mistakes.  He thought that enforcement at the mempool level was sufficient to secure his "high-frequency trading" concept.  It wasn't.  He didn't know this, in the same vein that he failed at 1 RETURN, because he was human.
Satoshi is dead.  LONG LIVE BITCOIN.
@_date: 2019-03-19 10:51:13


This is wrong.  The bible says the "love of money" that is at the root of all evil.  it does not condemn money, itself, as the root of all evil. 
@_date: 2019-03-20 10:33:47
Using Tor would (unless your ISP specifically blocks Tor) negate the need for a public IP and/or domain name; it does increase the effort as you need to set up Tor and set up bitcoind to use Tor (also removes any issues with NAT punching, setting up your router to forward ports, etc).  It's (by your numbers) at least 60euro off per year.
@_date: 2019-03-01 11:08:03
The article seems fearmongering.
For instance, it quotes from Chris Belcher:


Note also that this is *not* Wikipedia, this is Bitcoin Wiki.
The linked page has this:


The above text was added by User:Belcher, presumably the same Chris Belcher above: 
Now the wiki article is accurate in saying that unless you use Tor you expose your IP address.  But really Tor should be a lot more normal.  In some parts of the world you still won't get a stable IP address that others not from the same ISP can access, unless you pay extra, because sometimes ISPs are shit.  That is sidestepped by just using Tor, which includes NAT-punching by default as long as your node is accessible via a Tor onion address you made.
Now, some more nits.
Splicing **in** money into an existing channel is unnecessary, strictly speaking.
You can always just create a new channel to another part of the network.  This is strictly better than splicing **in** since you now have the opportunity to possibly route, from your old "exhausted" channel to your brand-new channel.
Indeed, splicing is not really as important as people think it is.
Another point:


No, it doesn't.  Many payment gateways will need to convert their earnings from Bitcoin to fiat, at the minimum to pay for their taxes and their janitors who don't even know what Bitcoin is.  Thus at least part of the capacity gets reversed --- it's not strictly unidirectional.
And at some point, people need to get paid --- what, payment gateways have no employees or investors?  And those people will then spend some of their money, possibly having to convert to fiat at some point to pay for something that really really requires fiat.  Or if not, then that means the importance of exchanges drops and what happens to their channels becomes immaterial.  In the long run, flows will eventually get more and more two-way as more and more of the economy starts living vast parts of their lives on Lightning.
Now I admit it isn't the case *now*, and of course HODLers gonna HODL and HODLing is best done onchain.  But we can expect this "problem" to disappear in the future, as naturally as rising waters remove the problem that lying down on the beach requires your body to support its own weight.
Not a quality article, inaccurate, naive understanding of technical details.
@_date: 2019-11-12 09:56:34
Sidechains suck as a scaling solution, because they are blockchains.  i.e. every transaction has to be published on *some* network of nodes and then stored forever by them.  Sure, you can say shit like "but not everyone has to run a sidechain node, that's the whole point" but that just means you have less decentralization (and thus more trust) in the sidechain network than on the mainchain network.
Just say no.  Non-blockchain solutions like Lightning Network are the best.
@_date: 2019-03-19 08:25:41
C-lightning 0.7 is not an upgrade to Bitcoin.  It's an upgrade to Lightning Network.  Most people are not going to interpret "upgrade to Bitcoin" as including upgrades to Lightning.
@_date: 2019-11-19 05:07:31
I think you and are using the term "double spend" in different ways and talking past each other in confusing ways.
I think what you *really* mean is:
* If somebody else creates a transaction that assigns money to me, and that transaction is unconfirmed (for any reason) for a long time, can that somebody else effectively "revoke" that transaction by any means and remove the assignment of that money to me?
The answer to that is yes, yes it's possible to do so (it may be difficult to do so, but it is *still* technically possible).
First, if the transaction is explicitly marked as replace-by-fee (RBF), then the signer(s) of that transaction can create a new version of that transaction with higher fee and bump off the current version from the mempools of all standard Bitcoin Core nodes.  The new version could very well reassign the money back to the signers rather than to you.  Stock wallet software that supports RBF will only allow RBF with the same payouts, but note that nothing prevents the signer(s) of the transaction from modifying that software to remove such checks, and the network of fullnodes is not going to do that check (the fullnodes do not know which output is "yours" and which output is change that should return to the signer(s) of the transaction, they all look alike at the network level).
Second, mempools are not part of consensus, only policy.  **Nothing on the mempool is going to be valid two years from now, so a fullnode that is started two years from now will never be able to recover the current state of the mempool and cannot validate any mempool state, and thus all mempool state can never be part of consensus**.  Just because only "explicitly marked as replace-by-fee" can be replaced on mempools of *stock* Bitcoin Core fullnodes, does not mean that miners will be using the same policy.  There have been claims that some miners and pools use the "full RBF" policy, i.e. the replace-by-fee policy is always imposed regardless of whether the transaction in the mempool explicitly opts in to the RBF or not.  Thus even if the transaction assigning money to you does *not* have RBF flag set, the signer can always go to any economically-rational miner and bribe them to ignore the mempool policy of *stock* Bitcoin Core software and instead include a different perfectly-valid transaction.
So it depends on your risks.  If you think you are not likely to be attacked by Bitcoin miners, go ahead, accept 0-conf transactions where you are not a signer in the 0-conf transaction.  Be aware they can be replaced by a different version onchain (colloquially known as "double-spent"), but that's just a cost of operating a business.  If you are handling large sums of money, however, you would do well to wait for some confirmations.
@_date: 2019-11-14 07:19:07
An `OP_CHECK*VERIFY` of some type is what I would prefer.  Maybe `OP_CHECKSPENDINGHASHVERIFY`.
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:40:57


I'm not sure I follow here.
People can run a fullnode in `blocksonly` to reduce their bandwidth to only block transfer, i.e. transaction propagation is disabled.  This kind of fullnode has bad privacy since any transaction you transmit is very obviously your own (because you are not transmitting transactions continuously in gossip).  But it has bandwidth usage less than 1/6 of a fullnode without `blocksonly`.
This is the minimum you need so that a Neutrino implementation can get at block data and these are *still* fullnodes.  If your concern is storage then the fullnode can enable pruning and it is *still* a fullnode, just a pruning one, and only store the Neutrino BIP158 digests of each block.
Basically -- you can't generate the BIP158 coded sets unless you get at each block, and if you're getting at each block you might as well verify it anyway, so you might as well run a fullnode.  And a fullnode's resource usage can be made smaller by `blocksonly` and pruning.  If you can't download 144 Mb a day (and growing, because SegWit) then you can only be SPV.
This may change if the coded sets are somehow committed to in the coinbase, say as a softfork additional rule.  Then a node might pass around and maintain Neutrino coded sets could be done --- but that's little different from an SPV node, which basically just trusts the miners.


I'll amend this to what I think you're asking:


They support SPV, meaning they take the shortcut of thinking "miners are incentivized to follow validity, therefore miner proof-of-work is likely to be valid, therefore proof-of-work == valid."  They cannot check validity according to the full rules that they want to impose on the blockchain.  Note that miner proof-of-work is the weakest part of Bitcoin, and thus should only be used to impose ordering (and miner's fees, but hey that's the risk miners take).  It should not be used to confirm validity.
This is Satoshi's Shortsightedness: he proposed a form of SPV as a way for most users not to have to download the entire database, and he proposed it in the original whitepaper.  Unfortunately proof-of-work incentive analyses only consider incentives *inside* the system; incentives *outside* the system are not considered (they ***can't***: they're outside the system, duh).  Assuming miners want Bitcoin, then it's a good assumption that proof-of-work == valid.  But considering potential state-level attacks on mining hashpower, then the fact that "proof-of-work == valid" assumption makes you vulnerable to proof-of-work attacks is a risk.
In many ways, at least Electrum (which lets you select particular nodes to designate as a semi-trusted fullnode who you trust will verify the validity of blocks on your behalf, without trusting them with your keys) gives users a choice.  Neutrino and BIP37 don't, as they prefer automated methods of just locating fullnodes.  I myself used Electrum at the time to choose BIP148, and sold BCash as soon as it appeared and I could locate a safe way to split my money.  That economic power --- the choice of what chain to use, and what to sell --- must remain in the hands of users.
@_date: 2019-03-14 11:57:38
The friction of converting your funds across chains is far larger than just staying in the same chain and transacting there despite the increased fees.
Not to mention that the conversion of funds itself requires blockchain space anyway.
@_date: 2019-03-31 11:35:14
This is not easy to fix especially for "remote" errors.  If the remote node gives detailed information then it could be used to build a profile of that node and leak privacy information by deliberately setting up a payment that is doomed to fail.  If the remote node gives very little information then you get what you currently have, i.e. errors that don't have a lot of information.
Payments only have very few states:
1.  No payment attempt.
2.  Payment attempt on-going.
3.  Payment succeeded.
4.  Gave up paying because of some implementation-defined limit, or a BOLT-11 invoice-defined limit.
In particular, state  above cannot give any information about what is going on, in detail, or what node the payment has reached --- like I mentioned, that would be a potential privacy leak that can be used to profile an intermediate node as a prelude to more targeted attacks.
@_date: 2019-11-19 05:40:10
MimbleWimble removes Bitcoin SCRIPT completely; you can only have direct singlesignatures (or with Schnorr, multiparty signatures that have been generated as a single signature, or with ECDSA, multiparty computation that involves more complicated setups).  With some effort, equivalents to absolute-locktime and relative-locktime are possible, and Schnorr usage would allow adaptor signatures and thus a hashlock-like "Scriptless Script" construction, but the full SCRIPT power is simply not available in MimbleWimble.
Because most current Bitcoins are protected by a SCRIPT system that is fundamentally incompatible with MimbleWimble, it is not possible to "magically" add MimbleWimble to Bitcoin in such a way that you automatically convert every existing coin into a MimbleWimble coin.
Further, existing transactions explicitly include the values of the outputs.  These values are hidden in any confidential-transaction system, including MimbleWimble.  Thus, you definitely need a strong separation between MimbleWimble/confidential-transaction outputs from pre-MimbleWimble/pre-confidential-transaction outputs.  The only viable path for MimbleWimble is an extension block, which is technically a sidechain whose rules have been "uplifted/spirited away" into being part of the rules of the mainchain.  This means you have to semantically "move" your fund from existing non-MimbleWimble outputs to MimbleWimble outputs.
This is all doable, but further problems exist.  Confidentiality here simply means that the amounts involved are unknown to others. It's not strict privacy, because anyone with a bunch of fullnodes on the network can triangulate the source of all broadcasted transactions.  Each output needs a rangeproof, and despite the advances with Bulletproofs, are still quite large (a few hundred bytes still, I think).  While bulletproofs can be aggregated, take note that individual transaction-makers cannot aggregate unless they get access to the bulletproofs of other transaction-makers, meaning *somebody* has to broadcast a non-aggregated bulletproof first before they can be aggregated (and in terms of broadcast, you just lost the advantage of aggregation).  Fullnode mempools become complicated by the need to handle the possibility that you have a transaction in your mempool that has been aggregated into a larger batch of transactions --- and you either remove that transaction and accept that batch, or reject the batch.  Things get even more complicated when you get two batches of transaction with overlapping composing transactions -- batching bulletproofs can end up costing more harm than good.  And batching transactions helps MimbleWimble to hide who sent which transaction, because it removes direct mappings between inputs and outputs.  It gets complicated.  Better to have much of the problems ironed out elsewhere before messing with the real deal.
@_date: 2019-03-28 23:13:37
I'm not aware if it has.  Mostly it's "only" lnd (a Lightning Network implementation) that's pushing for it.  C-lightning requires a trusted bitcoind (i.e. run by the same owner as the lightningd instance).
A separate program means in general that people have to deploy and run it as a separate conscious decision, an lnd node can't just connect to a random bitcoind instance and start downloading filters, it needs to locate someone running a neutrinod much like an Electrum instance has to locate an ElectrumX server.
Now in current practice there's only one fullnode (I think based on btcd?) that's being run by the lnd developers with a Neutrino patch and every lnd has to connect to that (or run the modified btcd themselves).  Which is why lnd is pushing to add it in bitcoind.
@_date: 2019-03-13 09:50:19
I can give you a sketch for how it can be done in LN in a trustless and provable manner with no way for you to fake it, but requires a change in LN (one that requires a very large number of LN nodes to accept it) and requires that all payees are online at all times.
It's somewhat technical though, so you might not be interested in it, especially since it is not implemented at all and also requires that LN be upgraded with almost all nodes accepting the upgrade (FWIW that upgrade is kinda needed for path decorrelation anyway so--)
@_date: 2019-03-20 11:44:24
Pruning mode does this approximately.  In pruning mode, only UTXOs are kept once blocks are downloaded.
The problem is that the "unspent transaction file" (which I'm reinterpreting as the "UTXO database" that nodes update while synching) is *not* committed to on the blockchain.  Thus, it's not safe for me to accept a UTXO database from somebody I don't know.  For this reason, I have to generate the UTXO database from downloading and processing the entire blockchain.
This mode saves diskspace, but in practice it's not usually the problem people have.  Usually the problem is processing power and download bandwidth.
UTXO set commitments are occasionally talked about on bitcoin-dev.  This is basically taking an implementation-agnostic representation of the UTXO database and committing to them in the blockchain.  Once committed, I could ask somebody to give me a UTXO database of say a month ago, download only the specific block that committedd to the UTXO database, confirm the database is indeed comitted on that block, and confirm that a month's worth of headers was mined on top of that.  Then I just download and process the last month's headers.
But note that the reference point is now based on proof-of-work weight instead of verifying the operation of the blockchain, thus potentially hardforks can fool me (at least until some block in the time I got the UTXO database to the present diverges from my expected rules).  So it's considered generally that this style is only slightly better than SPV, where hardforks can fool me indefinitely since I never verify the rules.
@_date: 2019-03-18 08:24:16
A workable solution is already *in place*.  It's Lightning.  The problem is that it is still in beta, because there are too few developers and testers.  So what we need is devs and testers, not more scaling solutions that are shittier than Lightning.
This is because *every other* scaling solution is going to need development also, and Lightning is already under development and in beta.  A competing scaling solution will have to start at *alpha*, thus much worse than Lightning is.
@_date: 2017-03-25 23:53:46
10 years logic design and verification (front end design). Previous company had its own fab several generations behind, so I had experience with getting functionality to reduced gates but no experience in the problems that crop up at submicron.
@_date: 2019-03-26 08:44:10
I'd classify Singapore as 1st world because of rule of law/property rights/taxes, as well as cost-of-living.
@_date: 2019-03-08 12:04:59
My problem with a 10-year old computer is that it's 10 years old and it makes weird sounds while spinning its disk.  Only a matter of time before it croaks....
@_date: 2019-03-13 09:41:57
I'd argue that if it fails completely, we don't have any plausible alternative to scaling.
@_date: 2019-03-12 09:58:25
Unless the banned address has never attempted to be spent, in which case you will never see it.
Consider that it is entirely possible that Satoshi's Million is already unspendable in current Bitcoin.  Since no attempt to spend it has ever been made, you cannot distinguish a world where all miners have secretly added a softfork that prevents Satoshi's Million from being spent, from a world where miners truly don't give a shit and just run whatever Bitcoin Core gives them.
Granted the world where miners have added that softfork is much less likely due to complexity, but stilll :)
@_date: 2019-03-13 02:33:38
In Lightning, failing an HTLC does not need to be put onchain.  It just gets removed from the channel, and the node propagates it backwards until it reaches the original payer.
@_date: 2019-03-14 12:16:22
Cross-chain conversion cannot be made frictionless.
Again, at the minimum you need two transactions each on both chains for an atomic swap.  It also leaks privacy since it is very public that you're doing something non-standard.  If you want to have some privacy you still have to go with two transactions on both chains, but now live with requiring three transactions on a single chain in case somebody aborts the swap.  Taproot can reduce that to two transactions, but that is the absolute minimum without requiring trust.
Compare that to just going with a single transaction on a single chain.
If you are going to trust in order to reduce to just a single transaction on both chains (which is ***still*** less efficient than a single transaction on ***one*** chain), then the entity you are trusting will be quite willing to charge you for the privilege of trusting, meaning the friction is now a monetary friction.
That's ***ignoring*** the issue of free options that cross-asset swaps have:  (the link discusses channels, but both blockchains and channels are instances of a "cryptocurrency system" anyway; it's just that a channel is dependent on an existing cryptocurrency system whereas a blockchain only requires a universe)
Trustless atomic swaps actually have higher friction than has been reported in the press (you don't see anyone reporting about the issue of free American Options that trustless atomic swaps have), and improving that is limited by practical informational needs.
@_date: 2019-03-27 03:25:47
Not your freezer, not your fish!
@_date: 2019-03-13 02:32:30
No, which is why I don't trust it with my private keys.
@_date: 2019-03-31 14:28:33
There are 4 implementations compliant with the BOLT spec, and one old implementation that predated BOLT that is not up-to-date with the spec.
1.  `lnd` - written in Go, popular, tied to `lightning.network` domain so everybody tends to assume it's "*the* LN" even though it's "just" one implementation, requires a modified `btcd` as an relatively trust-reduced peer, tends to have a lot of development compared to others, has an autopilot (which we think is biased towards forming relatively centralized networks).
2.  `lightningd` or C-lightning - written in C, includes a plugin system that is getting more powerful, requires a trusted `bitcoind` (trust extends to blockchain correctness only, not keys, but note that LN by itself is strongly dependent on timely reactions to blockchain events), targets server usage, autopilot under development.
3.  Eclair - written in Scala, split into two versions Eclair Server and Eclair Mobile, Eclair Mobile only supports spend-only channels to reduce storage load (current Poon-Dryja channel implementation requires O(log n) storage where `n` is the number of state updates, Eclair Mobile reduces this to O(1) at the cost of supporting only spend-only channels), tends to be relatively tightly tied to ACINQ by default (as I understand it, the Eclair Mobile autopilot opens channels to ACINQ's Eclair Server nodes by default).
4.  Ptarmigan - written in C, targets really low-resource devices (initial target is to provide a LN node for a metered electrical outlet), very new compared to other implementations (thus less tested and fewer features).
5.  lit - written in C, original LN implementation (predates BOLT spec), completely incompatible with all other LN implementations (while other LN implementations have some rough times interconnecting with each other sometimes, lit completely cannot interact with other LN implementations at all), maybe no real plans to target BOLT yet (other implementations above either already support a good part of the BOLT spec, or (for Ptarmigan) plans to target BOLT spec).
Again, my information regarding anything other than C-lightning may be biased or factually incorrect, since I tend to focus more on C-lightning than other implementations.
@_date: 2019-11-22 05:51:22
It does not exist yet; supposedly the new "Lightning Network Offers" should let you specify such an arrangement (and have your node automatically issue invoices for such).
@_date: 2019-03-12 08:10:24
Secure Elements are trusted third parties, so no.  I will never buy a Ledger or recommend it to anyone until Ledger fixes this vulnerability by replacing their Secure Element with a generic device.
@_date: 2019-11-20 03:54:31
That makes about as much sense as claiming that farming will literally be about shit, because farming requires fertilizer which requires shit to create.
@_date: 2019-03-19 04:12:06
It's there since storage in mobile clients is expected to be small.  Invalidations of old state data takes O(log N) storage where N is number of state changes, but accessing the invalidations takes O(N) time worst-case.  I think it's a reasonable compromise until watchtowers can be widely deployed.
@_date: 2019-03-26 03:55:35
Blockchains scale O(n) on time passing.  Or rather, it scales O(n * m) where m is blocksize.  If we propose that there will be some kind of blocksize increase in the future, then it scales O( n^2 ), since the blocksize will also increase on time passing.
On the other hand, Lightning scales O(1) on time passing (actually O(log n) now for storing revocation keys in a special way; Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") will put it back to O(1) storage), but requires that some other cryptocurrency system already exist.
This is why there is wisdom in layering.  We can have a badly-scaling bottom layer (which can exist by itself without requiring any other cryptocurrency system) and a good-scaling upper layer (which requires the bottom layer to exist in some form, since it is dependent on the correct operation of the bottom layer).
With both we can mitigate the weakness of one with the strengths of the other (i.e. a blockchain can exist by itself in a universe with our laws of thermodynamics; a payment channel needs O(log n) storage compared to O(n) for a blockchain, and the storage only needs to be done on the direct users of the payment channel, unlike blockchains that require every fullnode to store all of the data).
@_date: 2019-11-26 23:41:33
Like I said, use Tor Browser at least to access the explorer site.
@_date: 2019-11-19 06:44:52
One can argue that some problems (such as transaction source triangulation) are also present in Bitcoin.  It is simply that MimbleWimble is not a panacea: you must still be aware that some privacy gotchas in Bitcoin still exist in MimbleWimble, and are not (yet) fixed there.
For the most part, offchain magic like in Lightning would help tremendously with privacy already (values can be obscured by multipath payments, for example, and there is also the similar property that historical transactions must be kept by whoever wants to keep a record, and are not kept by nodes who don't want to waste their storage on such, and nodes on Lightning never learn the complete history of all transactions, whereas a fullnode on a MimbleWimble chain that existed at the start of the MimbleWimble chain will still be able to learn a complete history of all transactions that reached it).  The advantage of Lighting is that it is *already* running on Bitcoin *today*, whereas MimbleWimble still has to make the leap to running on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-20 03:44:21
 - Decentralized advertising, using your Bitcoins as "billboards" to post advertisements over the defiads network.
@_date: 2019-03-14 09:08:33
This is ***not*** the lightning specification.  This is the lnd implementation.
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:55:56
If the merchant is good enough, people will make channels to the merchant out of their own money.  These people may themselves patronize that merchant, or might consider that the merchant is relatively low-capacity and are making a strategic position to be a strong forwarding node to that merchant.
If the merchant is not good enough, then nobody will buy from the merchant, LN or not, so doesn't matter.
Thus all that is necessary, in the long run, is people who are willing to devote liquidity to LN.
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:02:55
Here's a simple problem: how do you implement a softfork in a DAG-based graphchain?
You cannot simply softfork arbitrarily: suppose there are existing transactions, deeply buried in your coin's history, that happen to violate the softfork's rules.  You want to not reverse those transactions because then a lot of work gets wasted.  You want to have some point at which the softfork applies, with transactions before that point not having the softfork rules, preferably with the entire network agreeing on (having consensus about) that point.
Here's another simple problem: how do you ensure that fullnodes are not overloaded with data?
Graphchains can have an arbitrarily large number of transactions in the graph, including some transactions that simply spend the coin pointlessly to another address that the current owner also owns.  In Bitcoin this is implemented by the fee market and the blocksize limit.
Here's another simple problem: how does your system adapt to the inevitable increase in available global hashrate, given advances in technology?
As better implementations of a given hash function are developed, inevitably the available hashrate will increase even with the same amount of energy consumed globally.  How do you adjust to this automatically in a fashion that the entire network can agree on?
@_date: 2019-11-04 07:14:27
Worst case?
Some people have been pointing to the Bitcoin blockchain as "making transactions public", as a way to fight political corruption.  Which is not really in its design desiderata: not all transactions need appear on the blockchain (e.g. I will legalize sex slavery if you give me 1 new girl each month, neither transaction ever appearing on the blockchain) and it's possible to mask your transactions via CoinSwap and CoinJoin and etc.
Taproot and Schnorr-like signatures provide a mild increase in privacy, allowing multisignature n-of-n to be indistinguishable from 1-of-1 and allowing special SCRIPT-enforced requirements to be resolved offchain (e.g. you use an n-of-n internal public key, with the SCRIPT hidden in a Taproot, then you enforce the requirements of the SCRIPT (e.g. reveal a preimage in exchange for money) then once the requirements have been met you just use the n-of-n to create a simple signature without revealing the SCRIPT; this allows both privacy and security).
This increase in privacy may trigger those who have been promoting blockchain as "public transactions".  The fact that the current Bitcoin blockchain is very public is a non-essential detail; our goal is actually transaction privacy, which is why transactions **should** pay to a unique keypair (i.e. no to address reuse) each time.  But this could be the nucleus of another attempt at taking over Bitcoin, leading to yet another long debate.
@_date: 2019-11-12 09:52:08
If you are onboarding somebody else, just make a channel to them, then pay an invoice their software generates.  They get incoming capacity (from your channel).
If you want to get incoming capacity (i.e. you are a merchant who wants to prepare for your grand opening) then create a channel to anywhere and spend.  Spend on what, you say?  On onchain Bitcoins.  Use any submarine swap/Lightning Loop/whatever the fuck the cool kids are calling it these days.  With your new onchain Bitcoins, repeat as needed until you have sufficient incoming capacity for your intended grand opening.
@_date: 2019-11-13 13:34:05
Where's your evidence that he was a big blocker? I gave you evidence showing that payment channels were exactly what he envisioned for Bitcoin, evidence you cannot deny: the existence of `nSequence` from the very beginning.  And again: ***nobody at this point gives a shit about Satoshi; he left, remember?***  How Bitcoin changes after that, he cannot object to: that's the whole point.
Blocking you because I'm tired of talking to parrots.
@_date: 2019-11-13 02:47:02
Too low. I wish I bought more then.
@_date: 2019-03-13 08:13:01
@_date: 2019-03-18 11:19:34
Needs a banksize increase.
@_date: 2019-03-20 08:52:57
@_date: 2019-03-04 10:37:13
The issue is that the fiat side is very much easy to monitor.  This means that fiat-to-Bitcoin exchanges are going to be squeeeeeezed by controllers of fiat.
In theory you could go around and exchange a suitcase of cash for Bitcoins but that's kinda risky and smacks of illegality, which to most people "taints" this behavior (even though "illegal" is not necessarily "immoral").
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:06:24


Yes, you'd never spend them even if you were starving to death out in the cold.  That is totally realistic economic behavior.
@_date: 2019-11-21 03:07:32
One could treat extension blocks as sidechains that have their rules validated by mainchain nodes.  This is especially true if there has to be a separate mechanism to move your funds from "main" block space to "extension" block space, as most such extension block proposals do; this is similar to main-to-side and side-to-main transfers.
SegWit is not quite extension blocks in that sense, as there is no special mechanism to move funds from non-SegWit to SegWit space, and in theory at least you can spend a SegWit output and a non-SegWit output in the same single transaction (though no current wallet does this).  Most extension block mechanisms would require that you move one output or the other with a special conversion transaction before you can spend them in the same transaction (i.e. this is the mechanism which transfers funds across spaces).
SegWit could be said to be an "extension block" in the sense that newer nodes actively lie to non-SegWit older nodes and omit some data (the witness part of every SegWit input), in much the same way an extension block softfork would omit extension blocks when talking to pre-extension-block nodes.  But more technically, the term "extension block" usually refers to a technique where pre-softfork nodes are completely unaware of a set of "extension" UTXOs, which only exist in the "space" of an extension block; in SegWit, pre-softfork nodes are still aware of SegWit UTXOs, they just aren't aware that SegWit UTXOs have additional requirements for spending (a proper witness stack).
Generally, extension blocks (and sidechains) will have a "fund" on the mainchain that represents the sum total of all coins instantiated on the sidechain.  Mainchain-only nodes (and nodes that predate the extension block) are aware of only this summed fund, but are unaware of the actual ownership of the funds in the sidechain/extension block.  No such summed fund exists in SegWit.
Regarding sidechains --- the only deployed sidechains nowadays are federated sidechains, i.e. you deposit your money to an address controlled by a federation, and then the federation magically creates new coins in the sidechain that are controlled by you.  This means you have to trust the federation.
The other proposal to federated sidechains are:
* SPV-proof sidechains.  This was the original sidechains proposal.  To move funds from siidechain to mainchain (and authorize a release from the sidechain's fund on the mainchain) you have to provide an SPV proof that you burned the equivalent amount in the sidechain (with the burning committing to a specific output address on the mainchain).
* Drivechains.  Instead of requiring an SPV proof, mainchain miners must also monitor all sidechains and instead just vote on the validity of sidechain-to-mainchain transfers.
The latter was worked on by and in the past I believe, but they no longer do so and they now primarily work on Lightning.
* Drivechains, by requiring that mainchain miners monitor all relevant sidechains, are not much different from a block size increase controlled by miners, with the drawback that sidechain UTXOs are in separate spaces from mainchain UTXOs and from other sidechains; if it were a "proper" block size increase then they would all be in the same space.  Further, block size increases controlled by miners are not a good idea, since doing so gives large miners leverage in the competition for control of the next block: large miners can pump block sizes so high by attaching various sidechains that have little to no point other than to increase the validation costs of competitor miners.
* Sidechains in general are not scaling.  We know blockchains can't scale (increasing the block size permanently increases future IBD and permanently increases the storage costs of archive nodes), so to scale Bitcoin, we propose to make ***more*** blockchains?  That does not make sense.  For scaling, you are better off using non-blockchain mechanisms, i.e. the Lightning Network technique.
@_date: 2019-11-17 02:03:17
The Foundation series  by Asimov had this as a trope. The Foundation won by making some part of the galaxy economically dependent on them, then when attacked militarily they just retreated and cut off the area from their economic network. Mightier than sword or pen, is money.
@_date: 2019-03-12 07:55:04
Then some wog tells him to execute `sudo rm -rf /*`.
Don't trust, verify, OP!
@_date: 2019-03-29 13:47:31
You'd be getting randomness similar to doing lots of dice rolls with a small number of faces in the die.  This leads to a small set of numbers where your aggregated key most likely is (consider how 2d6 roll (two 6-sided dice, added togethre) has a definite "peak" at 7; this gets worse with 100 weak keys).  You should aim for a single dice roll where the die has lots and lots of faces (i.e. high-quality randomness source).
@_date: 2019-03-19 07:55:48


See, one of the things LN devs want to have is *privacy*.  This often means that a lot of transactions will not be visible at all to most nodes.  So estimating transaction volume on Lightning will be difficult.  You just can't see them.
You can try estimating this by setting up a large number of nodes (say a hundred or so) with some decent connectivity, wait a bit until new nodes connect to you, then have each node start measuring the number of successful forwards in between two set times.  Then interpolate this by multiplying by the total number of visible public nodes and dividing by how many nodes you control and have forwards counted, then divide it by the amount of time you did your measuring.  That gives you an estimate of how many transactions per unit time are (maybe) occurring on the network.
The same will eventually be true for the blockchain layer.  Innovations like pay-to-endpoint and improved CoinJoin (both of which target privacy) will make a lot of simple transaction analyses harder.


Wrong.  Don't think in terms of "wallets" or "accounts".  The real Bitcoin primitive is the "UTXO" or "coin".  So for example, suppose you have a 100 sat coin in your wallet.  You need to pay somebody 25 sat.  You can use a transaction to split that 100 sat coin into two coins, a 25 sat coin --- whose ownership you assign to the payee --- and a 75 sat coin (minus fees) --- whose ownership you assign to yourself.  But only a single transaction is made.
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:10:51


It kinda does.  Multiple UTXOs that total 1.0 BTC will require more fees to spend than a single UTXO of value 1.0 BTC.  This is because the transaction needs to list down all the UTXOs you are spending, and having to list down more UTXOs means having a larger transaction means more fees, because fees are about trnsaction size in bytes (really vsize in transaction weight but the details are more complex so ---), not about value.
@_date: 2019-03-14 11:59:45
Proof-of-work does not actually care about hashes.  It cares about the *energy* that is consumed, because in the end that is the real thing that provides weight to the blockchain.  It's why proof-of-work change won't work in the long run against miner centralization, it's why other blockchains will not last in the long run despite using a different hash algorithm.  *Energy* is the resource that the economy is attempting to manage, not *hashes*.
@_date: 2019-03-05 01:43:57
You have to think in terms of how Bitcoin works.
Every "UTXO" is a coin with a certain denomination.  Unlike physical coins which have fixed denomincations (i.e. if you have 15 cents you might be in physical possession of a nickel and a dime), the coins of Bitcoin carry custom denominations (i.e. if you have 15 bitcoins you might be in logical possession of a 15 Bitcoin UTXO, or a 14.999 UTXO and a 0.001 UTXO, or everything in between).
A transaction, in this analogy, is not really a transaction.  Instead, it takes your coins, melts them down into raw bitcoin value, then creates new coins.  One or more of those new coins, you assign to who you are paying to.  Probably one or more of those new coins, you assign to yourself.
So for example if you had a 10 BTC UTXO and a 5 BTC UTXO ("coins") and had to pay me 11 BTC, you'd make a transaction that melts them down to 15 BTC of value, then creates an 11 BTC UTXO that you assign to me, then 4 BTC (minus transaction/mining fees) UTXO that you assign to yourself.
This also explains why transaction fees in Bitcoin can be so weird.  The transaction fee is really proportional to how many coins you have to melt down in the transaction, plus how many coins you create in the transaction. The Bitcoin value passing through the transaction is immaterial, only the number of coins that are destroyed/created.  If the coins you were melting down ("spending") were created as SegWit coins then each coin being spent has about the same weight as each coin being created; if you were spending legacy UTXOs then the weight of spending the legacy UTXO is about four times more than each coin being created.  So if you happen to come upon a low-fee period it's sometimes good to consolidate your dust (i.e. UTXOs/coins with small value) so that in a high-fee period where you have to actually get the transaction quickly you only have to pay for fewer coins being spent.
Electrum does a reasonable job of showing you the UTXOs you actually have.  Most wallets tend to hide the underlying architecture of Bitcoin, making for really confusing transaction fee issues.
@_date: 2019-11-20 04:01:06
Would it?  No matter what happens, no civilization can ever be so rich that all its available resources would be sufficient for every need; or in other words, resources will always be limited even if they are abundant, and a civilization will always grow until it consumes all resources it has readily available (if it didn't, it would be a dying civilization).  Some way of allocating limited resources to uses deemed "important" is necessary.  In the modern era, that is money.  I believe there are mathematical models which show that for every rational entity composed of sub-agents, there must arise some single quantification of how important each sub-agent is, i.e. if you view the civilization as a whole as a rational entity that wishes to keep itself alive, then its sub-agents will be using money (or something *very* much like money) in order to decide allocation of resources.
That today we pay actors far more money than teachers or researchers just shows how skewed humanity's values really are, which probably implies humanity will be a dying civilization in the future.
Thus I expect in the far future, posthuman entities will haggle over the price of thingamajigs in relation to use for doofleshmeering, and money will still run civilization.
@_date: 2019-11-14 07:20:17
As a JoinMarket maker, which at least keeps your keys on your device.
@_date: 2019-11-12 10:27:51
The line between outright bug and mere not-a-good-idea is thin.  And immaterial, anyway.  Bitcoin's design was never intended to be set in stone forever --- otherwise the original ten `OP_NOP` opcodes would never have been put in Bitcoin in the first place, as hooks for future new functionality.  And regardless: who cares what Satoshi intended?
Honestly?  Who gives a shit in this day and age about Satoshi and his fucking opinion?  He left the project for good.  It was the ***best thing he ever did***, far better than *inventing Bitcoin* in the first place, and he must be praised for that.  Satoshi is dead; long live Bitcoin.  See how badly Ethereum has been run under Vitalik's thumb and realize that Satoshi leaving was the best thing he ever did for Bitcoin.
If you are still looking to some ancient prophet to guide your actions today and in the future, then you can not advance and you cannot improve.  Satoshi is overrated.  He made a bunch of mistakes, including but not limited to:
* 1 RETURN bug.
* `OP_CAT` memory eating bug.
* Unenforceable`nSequence` (the old `nSequence` meaning, not the modern ones (RBF and reltime) that have been shoehorned in on top of the fact that `nSequence` was actually not enforceable).
* Quadratic SIGHASH.
* Third-party library for pubkey representation.
* Signature malleability.
Yes, in the original Bitcoin, every coin was anyone-can-spend, because you could just give a trivial `scriptSig` of `OP_1 OP_RETURN` and spend any coin.  Sure, man, set **that** design in stone for the rest of its lifetime.  That's going to be a **really** valuable coin.
Satoshi was not perfect.  His opinion counts for nothing today, ***as it should be***, because he was never perfect in the first place.  As we start to use Bitcoin more and more, we will realize more how Satoshi's original design was flawed, and fix them.
* Spend policies explicitly published in all `scriptPubKey`s, because you want everyone to know your exact spending policy at all times so that people can identify your coins and dox you.
  * Partially ameliorated by P2SH and (nowadays) Taproot.
The important thing is not that the design can never be changed.  The design *can* be changed, and was.  Not even if you used a coin that only allowed pubkeys and signatures and no SCRIPT at all --- see [this](  The design can be changed, and *will*, because *Satoshi is dead*.  The important thing is that the changes we agree on, are agreeable to *everyone*.
Bitcoin is defined by how people in the world use the term.  Just like every word ever has been.  Whatever forks happen, the name "Bitcoin" will be awarded to whichever network is considered as "Bitcoin" by mos users.
@_date: 2018-10-07 22:12:03


This is ***planned*** but not yet ***specced*** or ***implemented***.
@_date: 2019-03-13 09:44:20
Hi OP, grandparent post is misinformed.  The SCRIPT available in Bitcoin is extremely weak and cannot give the functionality you want.  Instead, a program working outside of Bitcoin will have to do this on your behalf.
@_date: 2019-11-17 01:54:17
There is a difference between a **bank**, which matches investors with investees (it offers savings accounts that promise a return (interest) and then looks for businesses it can loan to) and a **central bank** which leeches value from the economy via the inflation tax.
Banks good, central banks bad.
@_date: 2019-11-26 08:30:01


You can set up a Tor hidden service to use a particular token (`HidServAuth`), so that only those who have the token can access it.  Nobody else can exploit this since Tor is end-to-end encrypted, though somebody who manages to steal your phone could drain your wallet before you can disable the Tor hidden service.  Depending on how Zeus works things, it might also require a Zeus-level token as well (i.e. you have to run a Zeus daemon on your wallet that requires a token to authenticate your specific client(s) to it, it does not expose the `lnd` or `lightningd` or whatever backend it supports directly), which should be sufficient (Zeus might not be able to handle Tor hidden service tokens; I wouldn't know, I haven't used it).  You'll have to go ask Zeus users or devs or something.
@_date: 2019-11-08 10:11:19
@_date: 2019-03-13 10:38:12


Given that a *chain* can host *many* assets (as in Liquid), we should be more precise that cross-*asset* swaps have a free option problem and not cross-*chain* swaps.
A cross-chain swap of L-BTC for BTC has no such problem since they are the same asset, Bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-11-12 10:33:07


Really now.  
@_date: 2019-03-18 11:13:45
Perhaps a difference is that I already tried deriving one, after LN, and then I reviewed LN again and realized that it just fits into a very nice place in the existing Bitcoin blockchain, and anything better is very likely to either require custodiality (which is BAD) or a change in the Bitcoin base layer (which isn't BAD per se but xref SegWit).
Christian Decker derived a different base mechanism (Decker-Wattenhofer, which does not involve punishment like in the current Poon-Dryja mechanism used in the current LN; it has the drawback of involving very long locktimes (weeks long, compared to Poon-Dryja where a few days or even just a day is fine) in a unilateral close; the same basic motivation (no punishment, just prevent incorrect states) is behind his Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") but the latter requires a change in base layer that turns out to be somewhat controversial --- and it is still near enough to LN to be possible under the LN umbrella).  He now develops LN, because the difference in mechanism just wasn't large enough to bother splitting off the main LN effort.
Note that the Decker-Wattenhofer mechanism also supports multiple participants --- which is the basis of Burchert-Decker-Wattenhofer channel factories, which will one day also be added to the LN effort.
Now all of the above isn't proof there isn't some other possible L2 mechanism --- but it's rather strong evidence that people have tried to look for other possible L2 mechanisms, and realized it's *still* near enough to LN that adding it onto LN is better than developing from scratch.
@_date: 2019-11-22 02:52:01
Drivechains are just a miner-controlled block size increase, due to the need for miners to "vote" on the correct history of the sidechain.  Sidechains are not scaling solutions, because their transaction rate increase is bought at the cost of global bandwidth use and in particular in the critical miner-to-miner propagation path.
OpenDimes are no trust-minimized, as you are trusting that the OpenDime being given to you is a genuine one from the manufacturer and not some knockoff which leaks its private keys.  And the only way to check that the manufacturer is not cheating you (publishing one "open" design and secretly sending a design they can hack when you order from them) is to do a cut-and-choose, i.e. order multiple copies from the manufacturer and open all of them and validate the manufactured design except one that you select at random and keep to use, which is a perfectly fine technique for cryptography but is expensive for real-world use.
Trust-minimizing techniques like channel factories and channels are the way to go without sacrificing your financial security.  A core observation here is that they require n-of-n multisignatures, i.e. everyone signs, so that a participant cannot be "voted off" and have its money stolen, thus trust in other participants is reduced.
@_date: 2018-10-08 02:01:52
Communism *as practiced* involves ["from each according to ability, to each according to need"](  Being "equal" in communism is as much propaganda as "all men are created equal" in democracy is.
Bitcoin on the other hand strives towards "if you worked for it, you can keep it", starting with the mining algorithm (put in more work, get out more free bitcoins).  That's not "from each according to ability, to each according to need" communism, that's "to each according to ability" capitalism.
@_date: 2019-03-13 10:19:50
This is multipath payments, and is already being considered for LN spec 1.1.
@_date: 2019-11-20 01:05:50
Are you going to pay for someone to do it?  Or just ordering lazy devs to work for you for free?
Flash drives (commonly called "USB sticks") are just storage.  Some *other* device has to do the computation.  And it's unsafe to run the computation on e.g. Windows, because Windows sucks.
Try to at least lay out some kind of plan.  And if you're asking somebody to do this for free, don't.  If you think it's a good idea, either implement it yourself or pay to get it implemented.
@_date: 2019-03-18 10:03:40


There really isn't a good alternative to LN that fits the following three desiderata simultaneously:
1.  Trust-minimized.
2.  Private.
3.  Fast.
Liquid is not Trust-minimized, explicitly hub-based payment channel networks like Moonbeam are  not particularly private (a Moonbeam hub knows the exact payer and exact payee of each payment, unlike a hop node in Lightning that is going to have to guess).
Trust-minimization is the really hard thing that Lightning can give, and it does that by making every channel a mini-federation of two members instead of moving funds to a custodian who you trust is running the code it is supposed to be running.
I'd argue that in this space, the challenges of the environment (can't roll back a mistake, deliberately braindamaged scripting, hard to add new features to base blockchain layer) are enough competition.  Not everything is PvP.
@_date: 2019-03-19 04:08:53
No, you're wrong.  If  even *one* participant refuses to sign the settling transaction (or has gone offline *permanently*), then the settling transaction cannot be made valid and everybody has to use the existing offchain transactions (which were already signed beforehand, so are still valid).  But the existing offchain transactions take up more space than a simple settlement transaction.
@_date: 2019-03-14 10:34:41
Proof-of-work prevents any other proof-of-work blockchain from arising.
In a locality only one proof-of-work blockchain can maintain its existence, because other blockchains that use proof-of-work that have less than the biggest blockchain will be trivially attackable.
@_date: 2019-11-20 05:03:04


Why?  It would be far more efficient to just use tokens that represent the utilization of energy (i.e. you can use it to get some amount of energy in a particular form allocated to you, or equivalently, use money to buy power).  If we're going to move from higher-efficiency to lower-efficiency technologies, we are likely on the way to death and obsolescence.


Even a neanderthaler would have understood the need to eat.  And that's what all energy allocation is: feeding particular parts of the civilization in order to "power" them.  And that's what money is: a tokenized representation of the ability to be fed.
Physical laws don't change, only our ability to exploit them.  Life is the expression of entropy: that is, life takes energy (food) and shits out entropy (shit).  That won't change.


@_date: 2019-11-20 03:45:29
Streaming money should be solved by LN offers: 
Discussion on it is currently mired in a long debate about UBL and use of standards vs. NIH/roll-your-own.
@_date: 2019-11-12 10:00:07
We are basically betting that the only good way to go from here is using a network that is *different* from the base layer network.
This leads to offchain techniques, the most sophisticated of which is Lightning Network.
Lightning Network characteristics:
* Your keys your coins --- every channel that holds your money requires your signature (i.e. it's a 2-of-2).
  * This is non-custodial!
* Mostly trustless (i.e. trust-reduced) --- you only need to trust that channel counterparties are largely high-uptime.
* Offchain, so storage of historical data is not necessary (with better privacy and resource consumption).
There aren't really a lot of scaling projects that work as well as Lightning.
@_date: 2019-11-13 08:02:58
The only safe tumblers are noncustodial ones.  That means Wasabi, JoinMarket, or Samourai.  NOTE: Samourai is not private if you are concerned that Samourai might get hacked or taken over in the future.  This is in contrast to Wasabi, which takes great pains so that users of Wasabi are also private against Wasabi itself (i.e. Samourai learns who you are, Wasabi doesn't).  JoinMarket requires you to be very technical, and has smaller anonymity set than Wasabi.
@_date: 2019-11-19 05:17:21
Do you have any channels opened?
Note that opening channels takes an hour or two.  After opening channels it should be instant over Lightning.
@_date: 2019-11-12 10:32:05
Yes.  People want to have their cake and eat it too.
@_date: 2019-03-26 12:20:08
 37
Uses Bloom Filters.  Bloom Filters are a probabilistic structure which has no "iterate" operation (i.e. can't get a list of its contents).  Further, it only has a "contains" operation, which accepts an address and returns a Boolean.  If the "contains" operation returns false, the address is definitely not in the Bloom Filter.  If the "contains" operation returns true, the address might, or might not, be in the Bloom Filter.
Thus, a Bloom Filter looks like a set of addresses (which the Light Node put into the Bloom Filter definitely) plus some extra "dummy" addresses  (which the Light Node did *not* put into the Bloom Filter ever).
In BIP 37, every Light Node provides a Bloom Filter to a Fullnode.  And the Fullnode will only tell a Light Node about new blocks, only if that block involves a transaction with an address that might (or might not) be in the Bloom Filter.
The effect is that, when a Fullnode receives a block, it goes through each Light Node.  For that Light Node, it iterates over the addresses that are used in the block (spent from or sent to) and queries the Bloom Filter for that Light Node.  Then if at least one address matches the Bloom Filter (i.e. causes the "contains" operation to return true) then the Fullnode informs the corresponding Light Node about the new block.
1.  This is `O(n*m)` for the Fullnode, where `n` is the number of addresses in a block and `m` is the number of Light Nodes using BIP 37 connected to it.  This means that the number of operations done by the Fullnode is proportional to the product of `n` and `m`.
2.  Suppose a Light Node crashes and forgets about the previous Bloom Filter it already gave to the Fullnode.  Then it might generate a new Bloom Filter that still contains the same addresses it has, but has a different set of "dummy" addresses.  If a Fullnode notices that the same Light Node connected to it (e.g. IP address) then it can do a "set union" operation on the previous Bloom Filter and the current Bloom Filter to get a smaller Bloom Filter that contains fewer "dummy" addresses, i.e. it can track more closely what addresses that Light Node is interested in.
 Neutrino
Instead of a Bloom Filter, it uses Golomb-Rice coded sets.  The latter is sexier than the former, but they both boil down to approximately the same thing: they both represent a set of addresses that are put in the set, plus a few "dummy" addresses, they both cannot be iterated over, they both have a "contains" query operation.  However, the latter has far fewer "dummy" addresses for the same amount of space used and the same number of addresses you put in them.
Another improvement is that Neutrino "inverts" the use of the set.  Instead of each Light Node giving its own Bloom Filter that is applied to each block, each block gives its own Golomb-Rice coded set that is applied to each Light Node.
So when a Fullnode receives a block, it creates a Golomb-Rice coded set for all addresses in the block.  When a Light Node asks about a particular block, it asks for the Golomb-Rice coded set.  Then the Light Node performs "contains" operation on the Golomb-Rice coded set for each of its addresses.  If any match, then it connects to a different Fullnode over Tor to download the block.
What this means is that the Fullnode never calls "contains" on the set --- instead, the Light Node calls it.  The contents of the set is public information (the addresses involved in a block, which is publicly known anyway), unlike the BIP 37 system where the contents of the set is private information (the address of the Light Node, which the Light Node is the only one who should control who gets this information).
In BIP 37, the "dummy" addresses are supposed to provide some vagueness on whether an address really is, or isn't, in the set of addresses the Light Node is interested in.  However, the more "dummy" addresses, the more blocks that the Light Node has to download even if it's not interested in the dummy address.  The fewer "dummy" addresses, then the more tightly the Full Node knows the addresses the Light Node is interested in, leaking the privacy of the Light Node.
In Neutrino, privacy is ensured by making the sets based on public information instead of private information.  Thus, there is no incentive to increase the number of "dummy" addresses and we can select the "best" data structure that has the lowest number of "dummy" addresses for a given size, which we currently think is Golomb-Rice coded sets.
1.  On getting a block, the Fullnode performs an `O(n)` operation where `n` is the number of addresses in the block.  The same information can be given to all Light Nodes the Fullnode is connected to.  So a Fullnode can support an indefinite number of Light Nodes, unlike in BIP37 where there is a practical limit that would consume 100% CPU on the Fullnode.
2.  The Fullnode never learns what addresses the Light Node is interested in.
 The "No SPV" Solution
Finally, the existence of Light Nodes is really put into question.  Preferably we should not have Light Nodes at all, since they cannot contribute to protecting the network against miner takeovers; they do not validate fully.  
This essentially means that money owned by Light Nodes cannot be used to enforce Economic Majority.  Miners should follow the Economic Majority since they are paid by the Economic Majority.  But if miners can deceive a Light Node on which chain they are following, then they can control the Economic Majority voting-rights of the money held by the Light Node.
In this view, the Economic Majority *must* triumph, since it is the Economic Majority which defines the currency.  A currency is valuable only if it is used to store and transfer value, and if I do not want a particular chain, then its currency is worthless to me: the more coins are used to store and transfer value on a particular chain, the stronger that chain is.  In that sense, the amount of hashpower a miner has is less important than the amount of money the miner controls.  If the miner has 40% of hashpower, but has to sell all its coins in order to keep itself in business, then that miner is just Bitcoin's bitch, paid for by the Economic Majority that controls the coin (because they give value to that coin).
But Light Nodes can be deceived by the miners.  This means that miners with 40% of hashpower also gain effective control of 40% of the money stored in Light Nodes, even if that miner sells all the coins it earns from the coinbases (and thus, by all rights, should have no say in the future of Bitcoin).
However, in a practical sense, we *need* Light Nodes, because mobile devices are not likely to have the bandwidth and processing power to be Fullnodes.
A compromise is to have a permanently-online server, which you control, that indexes the blockchain and its addresses.  You then have a Light Node in your mobile that contains your keys, and a server which determines which way you vote in the Economic Majority that *should* define the future of Bitcoin (since it is the Economic Majority that gives value to the coin).
Note that a Neutrino protocol can do this --- but so can the existing, tried-and-tested, ElectrumX/Electrum combo.  So --- why Neutrino?  Just deprecate BIP37!
@_date: 2019-03-20 05:57:27


Does Dr. Craig S. Wright seem more productive now that he has Bitcoin technology?  Or is he more *destructive* now?
@_date: 2019-03-26 04:31:34
@_date: 2019-03-20 08:41:24
A simplification, but acceptable and short enough.
People might wonder why they are timelocks, a simple explanation for this is "so that if one side puts an older version of the balance sheet (which has more money on their side than on the newest version), the other side has a chance to show the newest version".
@_date: 2018-10-19 05:32:38
Was being discussed on the old old reddit when subreddits were a new feature.  Maybe saw on r/programming , not sure.  I actually bought pretty late.  Should've bought more and earlier.  Oh well.
@_date: 2019-03-13 10:24:28
Yes. It's just another layer, just as the WWW is a layer on top of HTTP, which is a layer on top of TCP, which is a layer on top of IP, which is a layer on top of whatever hardware you are using to connect to the network.  The success of IP, TCP, and HTTP is based on the success of WWW, as an upper layer that actually uses the technology stack.
@_date: 2018-10-24 04:13:52
@_date: 2019-11-26 08:35:08
You can.  This does leak your IP address and links it to that Bitcoin address, at least to the blockchain.info server, which you might not want to know about your IP address and Bitcoin address.  At least use Tor Browser to get a little bit of privacy there.
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:02:50
Then wait.  The infrastructure to simplify access to the rest of the LN is being built, while still retaining the no-custodiality-needed that direct LN implementations have.
If you think it's not good enough then I suggest either:
1.  Finding a nice LN project to contribute to.
2.  Hiring a freelancer to contribute to a nice LN project.
That at least you can control.
@_date: 2019-11-14 08:30:55
Mempool lifetimes are unreliable --- there may exist nodes running special software that periodically re-broadcast still-valid transactions.  It's better to *definitively* double-spend the UTXO and get that confirmed.
@_date: 2019-11-26 08:38:19
Don't.  0-conf is unsafe.  Sure nobody is going to double-spend on you if it's just a single piddling little $5 transaction we're talking about, but it's possible to send to multiple people at once in a single transaction and *then* double-spend that single transaction (and reversing multiple sends at once), increasing the effectiveness of that attack.  It's always cheap to double-spend an unconfirmed transaction, it's the 1-, 2-, 3-confirmed ones that have very high security.
Use Lightning, which restricts unconfirmed transactions so that they can be replaced only with cooperation of the counterparty, who is obviously not going to cooperate in any attempt to steal from them.
@_date: 2019-03-12 10:06:57


As you pointed out in your post you can already encode it using HTLCs.  Since HTLCs are the base on which Lightning routing works, it would be trivial to provide some mechanism where you request an invoice with a large initial CLTV-delta, then pay it, then the receiver has the option (upon receiving the HTLC) to either claim it, immediately fail it (an option not available in your onchain construction BTW; this is useful if the receiver agrees that you are doing this in good faith and lets you recover your funds ASAP instead of waiting for the timeout), or let it lapse.
Just needs somebody to implement, ha.
@_date: 2019-11-26 13:11:58
Frankly speaking? Satoshi Nakamoto ***left the project***.  Whatever his intentions were, they are no longer particularly material today, now that he has left.  Satoshi is dead; long live Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-27 09:38:59


It depends on the "size" of your transaction.
You have to learn about the low-level details.
What exists on the Bitcoin blockchain are not wallets and accounts.
What exists on the Bit**coin** blockchain are coins that happen to be controlled by entities.
When you pay, what you actually do is take some of your coins, melt them down, then create a new coin that you assign to be controlled by the payee, and if there is leftover value, create a separate new coin that you assign back to yourself.
So if you have a lot of coins, you need to pay more fee (because you are melting down more coins).  This might happen if you are paid many times with small amounts.


Lightning is already being implemented, and is already having some use.
Bitcoin is freedom, so you have to contend with Alice's freedom.  If Alice wants you to pay her over Lightning, that's what you use.  If Alice wants you to pay her over the base Bitcoin blockchain, that's what you use.  If Alice couldn't care less either way, then you pick whatever is most convenient to you.
@_date: 2018-10-17 07:57:00
Why not just write the blockid on a piece of paper, capturing it on the video, then looking it up on one of the many blockchain explorers, like [this](  Why make life complicated if you're not going to go for a seriously secure setup anyway?
@_date: 2018-10-02 06:58:08
Agree.  A simple thing to exploit even the granting of access is to have an app gain read-only access to your database while I secretly give it read-write access to my database.  I can then copy your database into my database.
@_date: 2019-11-26 07:47:25


This helps not just yourself, but also every other user who ***has to*** use Tor, because it's much easier to hide in a larger crowd.  So keep on using Tor, because it helps those who ***have to*** use Tor.
Also Tor gives you NAT-punching for free, which might be relevant if your ISP does not give you a publicly-accessible IP by default, which is true in some countries (and sometimes a public IP is an extra payment to your ISP).  In theory you could install a "remote control" wallet on your phone that connects to the RaspPi at home, and using Tor means you don't have to get a public IP from your ISP and you don't have to dive into your router's port forwarding configuration.


For privacy.  You probably want to watch your funds grow as you DCA into the wallet.  If you do that with your wallet's default web UI, you'll be telling your wallet manufacturer every time you look into your wallet, and every address your wallet has.  This is your *savings* wallet so you probably do not want to tell anyone, not even the wallet manufactuer.  Yes you might trust them **now** (that's why you're buying the wallet from them **now**) but you might not trust them **later** and you can't un-send every address you sent them (they might not necessarily become evil, just incompetent, i.e. some minor sysad becomes disaffected with the company and absconds with the backups of the server logs matching your IP and Bitcoin addresses and sells it to the darknet).  Instead, add ElectrumX or Electrum Personal Server to your RaspPi (though note that ElectrumX is pretty heavy on resources and Electrum Personal Server can only be used for one particular xpub that you have to configure) and use Electrum to interact with your hardware wallet; connect your Electrum to your personal node (pro tip: your Electrum wallet configured for your hardware wallet will automatically do "watch-only" mode if you run it with your hardware wallet disconnected).
Or use Wasabi, they've got hardware wallet integration now, and that uses a private SPV that *doesn't* tell Wasabi's server any of your addresses, and uses Tor as well.
@_date: 2018-10-19 07:01:49
\*shrug\* well in general, passive investment will have a very low (&lt;1%) effective return, taking into account things like inflation and risk.
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:58:30
It is.  This is because both ends of a channel are signatories to the coin that backs the channel.  If "not your keys, not your coins", then logically "your keys, your coins".  There is a way to invalidate old state, and new state can only be made valid by the approval of both ends of a channel, and a lot of eyes have investigated this mechanism and found it to be secure.
@_date: 2019-03-29 14:16:05
There is no such thing as "return to sender" in Bitcoin.  Some idiots attempt to implement "return to sender" by sending to a randomly-selected address in an input of the Bitcoin transaction they are returning.  This does not work because exchanges assign addresses to specific people, but when you withdraw from an exchange it just sends from whatever address it happens to have readily available on hand (which more likely than not is an address it assigned to somebody else).  So when the idiot you sent to tried to "return to sender" then what really happened is they sent it to a random Bittrex customer, who is very unlikely to be you.  Bittrex cannot return it to you because the lucky customer may very well have withdrawn that amount.
Next time, don't use the idiot you were trying to send money to.  *THERE IS NO RETURN ADDRESS IN BITCOIN*.
@_date: 2019-11-17 02:18:56
Given this is a global network and only half the Earth is ever exposed to the Sun at any one time, yes.
Why ask about underground bunkers forfullnodes when there are fullnodes literally on the other side of the Earth, which is technically "underground" relative to you?
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:08:46
Interesting, but requires trust --- not your keys, not your coins.


Sorry I didn't read the paper yet, but the anchor TXO pays out to who?  Statechain federation only?  Statechain federation+Bob?
I've been working on something similar based on eltoo, but never managed to eliminate the federation-only pubkey on the anchor TXO, which is why I have mostly abandoned it.  This is basically a Chaumian bank, requiring trust in the issuing bank, and allowing people to swap equivalent coins without the federation knowing about who swapped with who (via scriptless script/adaptor signatures).
@_date: 2019-11-25 22:54:29
I would argue that *Bitcoin is not about technology*.  It is about *using technology to take control of your economic power*.  It's like you're asking if something will replace the GNU operating system, which is not about technology, but *using technology to take control of your own hardware*.  Nothing will replace GNU, or Bitcoin.  People might not *notice* it anymore (people tend to call GNU operating systems "Linux", even though Linux is only the low-level kernel), but it won't get replaced.
@_date: 2018-10-18 06:35:38
I dunno, the purposes are very different to me.  I can't secretly fondle Bitcoin's boobs while walking arm-in-arm in public, or randomly kiss Bitcoin suddenly for no real reason other than fondness, or suddenly wake up horny in the middle of the night and fuck Bitcoin's brains out.  Bitcoin can't give me younger half-clones of myself who I hope will grow up to be better persons than I am. \*shrug\*.
Human beings have a built-in circuit that creates a strong separation between modern mathy economics and legacy systems of reciprocation.  If your parents invite you over for Thanksgiving dinner, you're lightly pressured to reciprocate by inviting them over for Christmas lunch (or whatever), and you can't open up your wallet and say "Mom, Dad, this Thanksgiving dinner was so nice, how much do I owe you? 40 USD? 100 USD?" and not invite them to Christmas lunch, because human beings will interpret that as a crass insult and an attempt to deny your relationship with them (what, your parents are just some short-order cooks or somethin', is that how we brought you up?).
Or: friends aren't people you just use once and throw away, friends are people you use over and over again, with the understanding that they also can use you similarly, hopefully in ways that benefit you both.
@_date: 2019-11-15 04:49:43
Yes.  All activity requires some funds, and ultimately all funds live on the blockchain.
If you're hiring somebody you will pay via Bitcoin, you just make a channel to them and they get incoming capacity immediately.  You could amortize this by creating multiple channels with multiple new hires in a single transaction, or (later) in a single channel factory.
If you want to arrange incoming capacity for yourself, get some onchain funds and put them in a new channel then spend it on onchain Bitcoin.  Or if you're starting a new business, presumably you have some things you have to buy and pay for first, so you can *also* pay for those on Lightning, then spend the remainder on onchain Bitcoin (that you can return to cold storage).  Stuff like that.
It could be automated but basically that's how it would work out.
@_date: 2018-10-10 08:02:34
Your plan fails here:


If you attack BTC by doing 51% attacks on it, the BTC you promise to the pool members becomes worthless.  Savvy pool members who discover your attack will switch to some other pool, or a new pool that isn't under the state controller's thumb somehow (possibly P2Pool, for example, since it's almost entirely just code and hard to coerce centrally), removing your ability to 51% attack for long.
As grinders leave the mining pools for known-safe ones with serious precommitments not to bow to state actors (e.g. P2Pool) then your ability to 51% attack and mine empty blocks degrades, and Bitcoin restabilizes after you've spent some $$$ tax dollars, again lowering the value of your fiat money and possibly triggering a recession in your state.
@_date: 2018-10-01 02:58:02
Do you need the wool from the two sheep now to get through the next winter or not?  That is enough to drive consumption.  The four sheep in the future are worthless if you can't get two sheep now to get through the winter and die.
@_date: 2019-03-12 07:59:37
Yes. 51% is enough to do this, BTW.  66% is more than necessary.
In theory it is possible that miners are already imposing such a rule and we would not know it if we are not in control of the address that has been censored.
@_date: 2018-10-05 23:34:46
Yes, they actually start at nonce=0 and increment it, and there's also an extranonce field in the coinbase itself.  An increment circuit is smaller and takes less energy than a pseudo-random number generator.  So the miner just gets a pseudo-random number for its address, then increments nonce and extranonce.
@_date: 2018-10-22 00:37:19
Channel only have two participants. What the employee wants is to have many channels with many different places.
@_date: 2019-03-20 08:43:50


You don't.  That's the whole reason for point 6: once you've connected to somebody, you can use that connection to bridge to anyone on the network.  A connection to one is a connection to all.
@_date: 2019-03-26 08:56:40
 BIP37
Light Node: Hi Fullnode!
Fullnode: Hi Light Node!
Light Node: Can you tell me what blocks have addresses A, B, C, D, E and F?
Fullnode: Blocks 5, 10, 15, 20, and 25 have those addresses
(Light Node disconnects, then reconnects)
Light Node: Sorry, I crashed and forgot what I was doing.  Can you tell me what blocks have addresses E, F, G, H, I, and J?
Fullnode: Blocks 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, and 45 have those addresses.
(Fullnode notes down: looks like Light Node has addresses E and F)
 Neutrino
Light Node: Hi Fullnode!
Fullnode: Hi Light Node!
Light Node: Can you tell me what addresses are in block 42?
Fullnode: Addresses A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, and J are in block 42.
(Light Node disconnects, then reconnects)
Light Node: Sorry, I crashed and forgot what I was doing.  Can you tell me what addresses are in block 42?
Fullnode: Addresses A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, and J are in block 42.
(Fullnode doesn't know what addresses belong to Light Node, because Light Node is asking about blocks and not addresses)
@_date: 2019-03-12 08:06:12
Channels are offchain.
This inherently means any updates to a channel are kept by both ends of the channel.
This is unlike with onchain addresses, where updates to the system's state are kept by all users in the world who run fullnodes.
In the case where you have an onchain address, you can download the system state (the raw block data of the blockchain), verify it's valid, and check the proof-of-work to know if you have the latest version of the system state.
The system keeps operating without you.
Then you only need to keep a static piece of data, the private key, on a piece of paper.
In the case of all offchain systems, however, updates to the state are stored by those participating in the offchain system.
Since there is no global network that stores all states of your channel, *you* are responsible for keeping track of the channel states.
(actually your software is responsible for it but let's pretend your software is part of you, i.e. extended phenotype)
If you are not online to actually update the channel state, then nothing can happen with your channel.
Only you are responsible for updating the channel state and if you're not around to do the updating, nobody can send to you (because a send to you is also an update).
@_date: 2019-03-18 11:55:26
Well, yes, there is one.  I suppose it depends on what level you are talking about.  There are transient climate patterns that repeat every few years, there's a relatively new pattern that has been going up relatively consistently.  But that pattern is relatively new (over the past century, so depends on what level you are thinking of).
@_date: 2019-03-01 11:28:15
It's already possible to give an amountless invoice that can be paid with any amount.
Note that spontaneous payments already impose none of the limits you say, anyway.  All you need is the node public key and the node being on right at the instant you are paying.
@_date: 2018-10-04 00:15:28
Cheap low latency, not bandwidth.
Still a middleman.  Miners will prefer blind-side-miners who offer higher bribes.  Presumably the sidechain has a gossip protocol so that the sidemempool is approximately the same across blind-side-miners.  Blind-side-miners who offer almost all of the sidechain fees to the mainchain miners will be preferred by mainchain miners over blind-side-miners that offer less.  The equilibrium state with high competition is that the blind-side-miners will be getting exactly the cost of their bandwidth and offering the rest of the sidechain fees to the mainchain miners.  The mainchain miners might as well have paid for the additional lower bandwidth of getting the sidechain, they'd get approximately the same earnings, and could probably get economies-of-scale (they already have very low latency requirements as mainchain miners, so adding a little more could be more economical than accepting offers from blind-side-miners) as well as being able to get rid of the transaction from blind-side-miners to them.
So I don't see how the blind-merge-mining even helps.
Note that blind-merge-mining operates as a bidding war (largest bid gets entire pie (fees)), which is not how proof-of-work itself operates (largest bid gets largest share of pie, but only in proportion to their bid), so it's either going to have just a single blind-side-miner (in which case, what happens to sidechain security/censorship-resistance?), or each mainchain miner has a "special relationship" with a specific blind-side-miner (which is indistinguishable economically from the miner and the blind-side-miner merging their business, i.e. centralizing).
@_date: 2018-10-23 07:20:51
Yes, but why would you want to use a federated sidechain (requiring trust in a federation) when LN-on-Bitcoin is trustless?  And Turing completeness is a liability, not a feature.
In any case, the LN channel can theoretically transfer smart contracts between both parties, but if it's not a contract amenable to composable contingent payments (e.g. HTLC or similar Scriptless Script constructions) then it will remain only between the two endpoints of the contract.  It's one reason why Turing completeness is a liability --- if it's not in a certain pattern *anyway*, you can't transport it across the network, it can only live inside a channel.
@_date: 2018-10-22 03:17:31
Miners spend electricity to earn coins.
Current electricity grids accept fiat currency.
Miners sell coins to get fiat to pay for electricity.
@_date: 2018-10-05 23:13:51
No, it's standard Game Theory, which I would like to remind you underlies Bitcoin's mining system.
@_date: 2018-10-01 06:14:09
That's about 11 Euro worth.  Depending on your risk profile, if you're trying to do fiat-cost-averaging, I'd suggest keeping your money in the account for a few rounds of fiat-cost-averaging before moving it into your actual personal wallet.
Custodial wallets are a p\*\*n, but you're kinda forced into them because exchanges.
@_date: 2019-03-18 08:12:20
What's blocking you is that transaction validity is partly determined by history.  But history itself is recorded by the miners.  Thus, it becomes possible to make some transactions valid/invalid by changing history.
For example, if I've already given a coin to you, I can't give it to Bob.  But if I manage to change history by making it so that I never gave the coin to you, I can now give it to Bob, and the transaction that transfers my coin from me to you is now invalid because the coin is now Bob's in the new history.
Think in terms of time travel.  Having &gt;50% hashpower means you have a Bitcoin time machine.  You can rewind history and change what happened.
But that history is only history within Bitcoin.  Suppose I paid you and you gave me service (e.g. a product).  You used to have the money in one timeline.  But with my time machine, I changed history so that the coin is now Bob's.  But outside of the Bitcoin universe, I still own the product you gave me.
Now nodes can only check validity *within* a particular timeline.  Nodes cannot step outside of all timelines and see the various timelines; they follow the rule that the longest timeline is the most true timeline since it has the most proof-of-work backing it (because proof-of-work is ***expensive***).
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:07:10


See, Bitcoin Core is really back-compatible.  You don't need to send from a SegWit wallet to a Lightning wallet in order to use Lightning.  The Lightning wallet will set up the SegWit output that it uses to anchor a channel, without worrying about whether the money was from a SegWit or non-SegWit wallet.  SegWit adoption for onchain transactions doesn't matter for Lightning, Lightning adoption matters.
Another thing is that SegWit is specifically opt-in, because legacy codebases handling money is ***very risky*** to change.  Now of course it also means that legacy codebases have no hard deadline to upgrade and use SegWit, but you do know that SegWit provides a discount on spends, right?  So the incentive is baked into SegWit.
The idiots not using SegWit are losing money unnecessarily, and will be outcompeted by their competitors who *are* using SegWit.  It just takes time, just as it took several milliions of years to get from unicellular organisms to internet trolls.
@_date: 2019-11-19 04:53:31
Do you know what coin control is?
Please note that money in Bitcoin is ***not*** organized into wallets or addresses.  Instead:
* All money is organized in coins ("UTXO" is the technical term).
* Every existing coin has an attached address.
  * Obviously, coins that have the same address are owned by the same person.
* Every wallet is just a collection of addresses, and coins that are spendable using the privkey behind those addresses.
So it's not a matter of A or B.
Instead, it's a matter of *what coin* you use to spend from A to B.
In particular, if you are going to empty wallet A into wallet B all the time, you are likely to get a 1-input-1-output transaction (i.e. the exchange gives one coin to the A wallet, and then you send its entire value to the B wallet; since the Bitcoin network is really aware of only coins, then it mean you get a 1-input-1-output transaction).
Obviously a 1-input 1-output transaction is not going to pay somebody else, because it's highly unlikely the amount you have to pay is *exacty* an amount you happen to have as an exact coin value in your wallet.  The balance of probability is that a 1-input 1-output transaction is a self-transfer.
Neither can you comfortably simulate a payment to somebody else by paying a partial amount from A to B.  You'd have a change coin sitting in A, which you either have to split again (and you'd have to make sure not to spend those two coins together in wallet B) or transfer via a 1-input 1-output obviously-self-transfer transaction.
For privacy I strongly suggest you use Wasabi, batch your DCA in Wasabi into 100mBTC units, mix in Wasabi and then forward to your cold storage.  You'll be keeping any change from the 100mBTC mixing in the Wasabi wallet for a good while until you reach another 100mBTC.  Change is "toxic" in the sense that you will find it difficult-to-impossible to spend them without leaking other transactions you're involved in.
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:24:51
It's probably SPY mining, if the blocks are close together in time to the previous block.  Each time a block is mined by a competing miner, while a miner is still receiving and verifying the competitor's block, the competitor can get started working on the next block.  To combat this, the miner makes up a completely empty block (except for coinbase) on the assumption the competitor's block is valid (as it should be almost all of the time). The miner can't make a non-empty block as the miner hasn't received and verified the competitor's block, and in particular, can't determine which transactions are already in the competitor's block.
Of course, if AntPool were really concerned about transaction throughput, they'd accept the small chance that their competitor can get another block while they're verifying the competitor's block and refuse to mine empty blocks.  That they don't makes it obvious what there real concerns are.
(Note: the site is blocked to me.  In particular, if the blocks are not close to their previous block in time, or if the block isn;t completely empty except for coinbase, then it's probably just "covert" ASICBOOST)
Of course, 
@_date: 2018-10-12 03:51:55
Feerates are precisely what limits spam.  This implies that honest users of the network will want to reduce their onchain footprint to keep their fees low relative to spam.  Thus, the need to continue development of offchain systems like Lightning.  That is enough to keep fee**rates** high (to protect against spam) while keeping practical **fees** low (you have a tiny onchain footprint, so tiny footprint times high feerate is small fees).
@_date: 2018-10-11 22:36:03
There are similarities and differences.
One similarity is that Bitcoin gets put in custodial multisig adresses in order to participate in a different network, but with your participation provably backed by real Bitcoins.
A major difference is that under Lightning YOU are one of the custodians in a 2-of-2 multisig that backs your channel(s), and thus retain complete custody of your money. Under Liquid it's a bunch of big-name companies that have custody. This implies better security for Lightning.
Under Lightning you only trust  money in a custodial account where you actually have custody, i.e your keys your coins.
Another is that Liquid reuses the blockchain construction for state management. Lightning uses a different state management construction, revocable transactions. This implies Lightning is a better technology that actually innovates.
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:49:34
Who's gonna dev for them, and why would they be better than Bitcoin's fractious devs?
@_date: 2018-10-02 06:47:54
Wealth is the resources available to you.  One could hoard food and water in a shelter, or one could use economic techniques such as currencies with limited supply so that you can store economic power compactly and just buy food and drink when you need it.  This basic truth applies whether your food and drink is biomass or time on a cloud server.
@_date: 2018-10-19 08:24:08
Improves your chances, but I don't think by much.
You need many channels with reasonable amounts, a single high-capacity channel won't really be useful often unless you've managed to partition the network and your channel bridges the partitions.  Since you can't really prevent anyone from directly making a channel across partitions, it's not very useful.
@_date: 2018-10-25 10:10:54
If it's measurable in ***seconds*** it's already too long.
Current Bitcoin network doesn't use the legacy "trickle the blocks through normal Bitcoin fullnodes" of the original Bitcoin protocol, it uses [Bitcoin FIBRE](  You'll note that it *complains* about 1Mb blocks being transmitted for "several milliseconds", e.g.:


Seconds? That's already too long.  Millisecond and sub-millisecond transmission of a 1Mb block around the world is what is needed in practice.
Indeed, it's the existence of the Bitcoin FIBRE network (both the public network run by TheBlueMatt, and the smaller private networks run by individual large miners/pools and conglomerates) that allowed the SegWit block size increase.  Without it, no block size increase would have been palatable and indeed a block size reduction might have been made.
@_date: 2018-10-19 04:12:51
Yes, wtf?  That's not how Lightning works.  On Lightning both peers are equals.  If you think creating a channel will somehow let the employer learn the employee's private key, how in the heck do you think it would work when a customer creates a channel to a merchant?  No rational being would use Lightning in that case.
What ***is*** a concern is that if this is the only channel the employee has, the employer knows the employee's financial state and when and how much the employee spends (but not to who).  This is slightly mitigated by the simple fact that autopilots will randomly connect to random nodes; if the employee gets another channel, it becomes obscure if a transaction in the employer-employee channel arose from the employee, or from somebody else connected to the employee.
@_date: 2019-11-20 01:00:00
With multipath it's possible to make larger transactions on Lightning.  Limits exist to limit the risks for intermediate nodes but are otherwise easy to get around by use of multipath.
@_date: 2019-11-18 08:46:01
Explains the downward price action I guess.
@_date: 2018-10-01 06:17:49
In terms of information theory, most of the data in a transaction is incompressible random data; the randomly-generated private keys that get converted into public keys and then hashed ensure that you don't have to ask permission to create an account in Bitcoin, you just generate a random address in a vast address space.  Because it's random, it's incompressible under information theory, meaning we are already pretty close to the practical minimum size.
@_date: 2018-10-16 07:37:37
Mergemining sidechains is also effectively a miner-controlled blocksize increase.
@_date: 2019-11-21 06:59:35
No, not too bad.
@_date: 2018-10-19 06:58:50
Then you lose even more on power.
Currently, use an LN node if you want to send or accept payments over Lightning.  Fees on Lightning currently are ridiculously tiny, and it's hard to earn from just routing other people's payments.  Even if you jack up your feerate for forwading payments, it just means everyone else will prefer to route via somebody else other than you.  If there's a healthy economy running on Lightning, I suspect that fees will continue to remain low since there will always be some viable alternative route.
@_date: 2019-03-28 00:34:21
The exchange knows who you are and where you send to, regardless of whether you rebuy or not. Do you trust the exchange to keep your transaction private or not?
@_date: 2018-10-12 05:57:34
You can pay and get paid on Lightning.
Routing fees are tiny and mostly you'll just use routing fees to pay the routing fees charged by others, i.e. I scratch your back you scratch mine.
Paying and getting paid on Lightning &gt; routing fees.
@_date: 2019-11-15 10:29:45
The others provided what you asked for.
What I'll provide is what you didn't ask for.
What you didn't ask for is all the posts and emails that other, later engineers and developers wrote, sometimes in opposition to what Satoshi wrote.
Satoshi was a person.  He was a brilliant person, but ultimately, just a person.  He made mistakes, some of which we had to correct long after he left the project.
Satoshi was not god.  He was not perfect.  He was a flawed human being, just like the rest of us.
His writings can be useful --- as historical snapshots of the time when he still participated, as Satosh, in Bitcoin development.  They are not to be taken as holy gospel, as a guide to what Bitcoin should become.
What Bitcoin should become, is ultimately what we as a community decides, **independent of Satoshi**, who is no longer part of our community.
@_date: 2019-11-22 02:55:27
Bitcoin removed friction from saving the fruits of the sweat of your brow.
@_date: 2018-10-10 08:26:34
For digital goods, a simple solution is below:
1.  Seller of digital goods generates a random encryption key.
2.  Digital goods is sent to buyer, encrypted with the generated key.  Buyer cannot use digital good since it is still encrypted.
3.  Seller provides the hash of the encryption key to the buyer.  (Ideally, seller also sends some zero-knowledge proof that the encrypted data is indeed what you want to buy and that the encyption key's hash is what is being sent to you).
4.  Buyer pays to an HTLC with the indicated hash, and a timeout that is reasonable to both seller and buyer.
5.  Seller claims the HTLC by providing the hash preimage, which is the encryption key.
6.  Buyer sees the hash preimage and decrypts the digital good to enjoy it.
The same protocol can be used with Lightning Network, as it just uses HTLCs for payments also.
In the future, perhaps real-world escrow services could arise which use the HTLC construction also.  A seller would be able to pay to rent a locker that can securely contain a real-world valuable, and lock it either to the buyer's key and a hash preimage, or to the seller's key and after a timeout.  Then the buyer pays to an HTLC with a shorter timeout than the real-world locker's timeout.  If the buyer pays and is able to get the preimage, he or she can go to the locker and take the item (the seller cannot renege on this as their key won't be valid until after the timeout).  If the buyer does not pay, the seller can recover the unsold goods after the timeout.  This simply extends the same construction to the real world.
@_date: 2019-11-15 05:12:19
The issues of fees can be minimized if we have a derivative market on fees, just as with any volatile asset.  People could prepay some amount for channel maintenance, which effectively pays for a bunch of derivative contracts (fee long contracts which pay out if the fee rises).  If fees drop, well and good and you are happy because fees drop.  If fees rise, well and good and your derivative contracts pay out to cover the fee costs.
@_date: 2017-08-25 06:39:20
Closing a channel means putting the hashlocked timelocked contracts onto the chain, so either the destination provides the hash preimage on-chain, or the timelock reverts the money back to you on-chain.
It's only the initial sending that needs everyone to be online.  After that, for convenience (and to reduce transaction sizes) the hash preimage can be done on-line, or channels can be closed and hash preimage sending is done via blockchain.
@_date: 2018-10-26 03:20:38
Centralization characteristics:
1. Centralization reduces uncertainty.  If you don't know what to do in a unique situation, you just refer to the next higher-up.  Up and up it goes until you reach the priests communicating with the gods, who might be forced to go right up to the most highest of your local pantheon.  This lets the typical human being to devote their brain cycles on other things and supports better specialization: you do you, I do me, if we get into a conflict we can both refer to the next higher-up for guidance.
2.  Centralization tends to be stronger.  Put a bunch of sticks together and tie it up (i.e. the *fasces* from which the word *fascist* derives), it'll be stronger than each stick individually.  Bind together a group of people to a central power, and you similarly gain strength and allows your group to engage in conquering disorganized people.  Consider how the oligarchic Spartans (centralizers) defeated the democratic Athenians (decentralizers) during the Peloponnesian war.
3.  Centralization leads to easier organization and reorganization.  Consider for example the free-rider problem: most people who own Bitcoin don't develop Bitcoin or related software/services, and don't really do significant advertising and promotion of Bitcoin.  Yet much of the value of Bitcoin derives from the development of services and from adoption of Bitcoin.  People who don't develop and don't spread adoption of Bitcoin are free-riders.  Centralization lets you impose, say, a universal tax.  This means that free-riders cannot exist, since everyone is taxed.
Decentralization characteristics:
1.  Decentralization increases initiative.  With nobody being a definite authority, you are now encouraged to actually consider and learn for yourself: don't trust, verify.  This lets the typical human being devote their brain cycles towards self-improvement and greater self-reliance: you do you, I do me, let's see who ends up doing better.
2.  Decentralization tends to be more resilient.  Without a center, there is no single point of failure that can be destroyed.  Spread out in a diaspora and you will be hard to completely extinguish.  Consider how the Peloponnesian war is named: Peloponnese is the peninsula where Sparta was, and the modern naming of that war reflects the fact that modern historians take the point-of-view of Athens, i.e. it's "our war against the Spartan's Peloponnesian league", hence "the Peloponnesian War".  If today's civilization were more strongly derived from Sparta it would have been called the Attican War (Attica being the peninsula where Athens was).  Sparta won that war, but lost the hearts and minds of future generations.
3.  Decentralization leads to greater diversity of thought.  This greater diversity leads to more innovation and encourages specialization and free market exchange.  Most people can't develop Bitcoin, but they can do other things like develop layer 2 services on top of Bitcoin.  Decentralization leads to permissionlessness leads to good ideas arising and blooming all over the place.
@_date: 2018-10-30 01:03:41
How in the holy hell is **N**ick **S**zabo not widely recognized as **S**atoshi **N**akamoto?
Also, it seems to me that government is the ultimate trusted third party.
@_date: 2018-10-18 05:49:06
What is the purpose of meaning? What is the meaning of purpose? Purpose is the what of meaning?
@_date: 2018-10-18 05:36:12


No, wtf?  That's not how that works.  Channels are backed by a 2-of-2 multisig, the only thing published are the public keys of both sides.  It's like saying "if I open a channel to you, won't I know your private key?", anyone with even a little exposure to Lightning will know that's not what happens, otherwise nobody would let anyone make channels to them and the whole network wouldn't exist.  Exchanges are peers on this system, they're not hubs.
Presumably if you have an income stream, somebody is paying you.  If you're employed like most people, the employer has incentive to open a channel to you (and their other $1/day employees, reducing their costs by batching) since if they can't pay you you can't work for them.  That channel can be used to receive money and send it.  The employer will know you're spending and how much, but not necessarily who you spend to, and once you get another incoming channel (which can happen randomly, nodes will sometimes just randomly open channels to random points on the network) the employer won't really be sure if you're the one spending or just routing somebody else (and once some of your funds got effectively transferred to the other channel via routing, you now have an alternate path, reducing the knowledge your employer gets about you).
In the future, we might be able to implement channel factories, which would reduce the onchain fees even more if you batch with others.  So maybe you and your friends might have a channel factory and split up the fees for the onchain transaction, then use that as the anchor for actual channels between you, and one of your friends might have channels to the rest of the network and help your little clique gain access to the network.  If you have no friends to do that with, your problems are worse than trying to get on Lightning and you should fix that first.
@_date: 2019-03-18 08:28:10
HODL a good amount, donate something to top charity in givewell.org, diversify a bit by buying land.
@_date: 2019-03-13 10:21:28
The linked post is the "original AMP" proposal.  An alternative, "base AMP" proposal exists.  The problem with the original AMP proposal is that it inherently ties spontaneous payments (i.e. no invoice) to AMP: if you want to use an invoice, original AMP cannot be used.  Base AMP allows invoices to be used, and is less complex too.
@_date: 2018-10-11 05:15:12
Everything is optional in Bitcoin. If Schnorr won't let me make that attack then I could easily just use legacy P2PK transactions.
Back compatibility is important in BTC.
@_date: 2019-11-21 02:37:03
It's not automatic, you have to specifically queue your coins up for coinjoining.  On Wasabi CoinJoin fees you pay are 0.003% times the number of participants in the CoinJoin.  Max number of participants is 100, so at the maximum you pay 0.3%.  Wasabi mixes in units of ~100mBTC, so you pay ~0.3mBTC for each batch of 100mBTC.  Note that if you have a separate cold wallet then you need to pay standard fees for transferring to and from the Wasabi wallet.
Spreads for exchanges tend to be larger than 0.3% I believe.
@_date: 2018-10-15 02:05:29
What is being pointed out to you is that NONE of the options you listed are good for you.  At all.  Install Electrum or whatever: that's a LOT safer than any web wallet.
@_date: 2018-10-07 03:21:51
No, I'm not a Bitcoin dev, I don't have intimate knowledge of the code.  You could try asking .  My understanding is that there is more than one heuristic, so it may very well be distributed in various places in the Bitcoin Core code, but I cannot tell you the details of the heuristics.
@_date: 2018-10-20 23:52:47
The verification won't matter for a sufficiently complete hw replacement. Keep two copies of the firnware by adding more storage space by modding the hw. Personally I trust Trezor more because the added Ledger stuff is mostly security theater.
@_date: 2018-10-22 03:28:25
[SCRAM protocols]( to put radiation-dampening rods slam in the middle of the core and shut it down.  This is basic stuff that was already in use back when nuclear power was being researched.
@_date: 2018-10-11 04:14:35
There are a lot of issues with sidechains that don't exist on alternatives like Lightning Network (which is why Lightning Network has been growing the past year with several teams of developers, compared to non-federated sidechains which have maybe a single team of 2 or 3 members).
1.  Sidechains still require that every user of the sidechain properly download the entire sidechain in real time.  Compare to LN where you only need to download the entire public map, and not need to keep the data of the transactions of anybody else around, just the transactions that affect your channels.
2.  Most sidechain designs are typical blockchain designs, i.e. publicly-visible transactions like Bitcoin has.  Compare to LN where transactions are only informed to those on the route, not to everybody on LN.
3.  SPV sidechains will compete with mainchain for miners.  Either SPV sidechains will have laughably attackable proof-of-work (if miners prefer to mine mainchain), or the mainchain security will be too degraded for the SPV sidechains' backing funds to be safe (if miners prefer to mine sidechain).  Compare to LN where you only need to suffer some lockup time but your funds are still ultimately backed by mainchain.
4.  Merge-mined sidechains like Drivechains are just extension blocks, i.e. block size increase.  While they are more loosely-coupled than "real" extension blocks, the looser the coupling, the less security the sidechain has.  Again compare to LN security model.
So LN provides very good scalability in terms of transactions per second, while still retaining mainchain security with only the additional cost of lockup time.
To me, sidechains are just another over-obsession over blockchains.  Blockchains are, strictly speaking, unnecessary except as the basemost layer of the Bitcoin universe.  Higher layers do not need more blockchains.
@_date: 2018-10-17 06:59:06
Won't work either --- in the end the picture is just data.  If an information field can be edited, so can the picture's encoding bits, or the picture itself.  The effort to do so may change, but it's still possible.
Looks like you can only prove something occurred *before* a certain time, not after.
@_date: 2017-08-04 23:23:24
It's not timestamped in the traditional way where you say "this transaction was done in 2017-08-05 2321h".  It's timestamped by the block height.  So if a transaction is in block  then 583923 is the timestamp the transaction has.
Blocks have a traditional timestamp but that's not considered reliable (internally there are places where Bitcoin uses the mtp or median timestamp past 11 blocks, which is monotonically increasing but might "stall" between blocks or suddenly jump).  It's block height that matters.
@_date: 2019-11-18 08:38:16
You have to think in terms of insurance.  Your software continuously buys fee long contracts (a small constant amount that serves as insurance premium).  When you have to close a channel, if the fee is higher than predicted, your software claim the fee long contract and use the difference to pay for the fee.  If the fee is lower than predicted, your software just deducts it from your side of the output.  This is exactly the same thing pig farmers use to ensure they don't get broke in case selling pork becomes unprofitable.  If it's good enough for a pig farmer, it's good enough for anything else.
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:25:44
LOL, just my bad luck my scheduled cost averaging came at a local peak.  But then my previous scheduled cost averaging was at a local dip, so I guess cost averaging is .... averaging.
@_date: 2018-10-11 04:05:44


Actually, no.  Lightning and various other trustless-mixing operations (coinswap, coinjoin, etc.) remove or obscure payers and payees, and are considered improvements on Bitcoin.
What makes bitcoin great is that its provable that no coins were created that were not planned at its inception.  Making base-layer onchain transactions public was how this was implemented, but ***keeping*** transactions public is not considered what makes bitcoin great.
@_date: 2019-03-13 09:46:16
You *can* have both.
Privacy means control over your data.
Transparency means that you cannot fake your data when it is revealed to somebody else.
You can selectively release your data to those who you believe have the right to that data (privacy) while being bound in such a way that the data you release cannot have been faked (transparency).
Now on the BTC blockchain, you get transparency for free (once it's sufficiently confirmed with your signature on it, you can't deny the transaction happened) but privacy is difficult.
@_date: 2018-10-28 01:13:15
This statement is not incompatible with the statement "if 'smart' people get duped then they're not that smart"
@_date: 2018-10-11 04:24:31
As I understand it BGP puts too much power to the routing nodes and not enough to the payer (who ultimately is the one who pays fees).
Source routing lets the payer control exactly how much fees it is willing to pay.
@_date: 2017-08-24 11:10:22
For you to directly enjoy temporarily cheaper transactions, yes.
Once people start moving to SegWit addresses, though, they'll take up less space on the legacy part of blocks, which will let your non-SegWit transactions have a bit more space and lowering the minimum fee for non-SegWit txs a little.
The question is whether enthusiasm for Bitcoin will rise even faster than the rate at which SegWit addresses can be made.
Any fee reduction will be temporary, because MOON.
@_date: 2019-03-20 06:28:04
You could, but you are thinking of a space of winning a few trillion times a trillion separate lottery jackpots.  If you're not even lucky enough to win *one* lottery jackpot, why bother?  And lottery tickets are not 0-cost, just as running even a single attempt to check if a random private key matches a target public key (== lottery ticket) will consume some power that you will have to pay for.
@_date: 2018-10-16 07:02:53


Not quite anymore... that's the whole point of compact blocks, only short ids of the transactions within a block are transmitted.
Still mostly valid and correct, though.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:35:30
I'm Jeff Garzik yeah I'm the real Garzik
@_date: 2017-08-04 11:01:29
I wasn't invited to that deal so I don't really need to support it now do I?
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:46:36
Yes.  It's likely to be an effort to reduce transaction effective rate by artificially limiting block size, in order to force higher fees.
@_date: 2017-08-03 02:41:14
The best devs are on BTC, so going by fundamentals, BTC will always be much more valuable than BCH, at least until the BCH devs step up to nullc, luke-jr and sipa levels.
@_date: 2018-10-01 01:54:52
Miners will not necessarily steal funds, but from my understanding Drivechain does increase miner centralization by making each sidechain effectively a miner-enabled blocksize increase.
Miners vote on the result of a withdrawal request, and if the withdrawal pushes through, the miners who voted for the withdrawal get rewarded.  Miners can "vote blindly" and just vote for each withdrawal without actually verifying correctness of the withdrawal, which is what Sztorc hopes will happen in the stable case, but in case of any attack, miners will have to "temporarily" upgrade to actually verifying withdrawal correctness.
Verifying withdrawal correctness means miners need to download not only each mainchain block, but also each sidechain block.  Now recall that one reason for not pursuing blocksize increase is latency between miners: larger size, larger latency, meaning that miners who can't keep up with the tip risk splitting off even if they have a substantial hashpower.  The increased size of downloading mainchain ***and*** sidechain leads to the same consequences as a blocksize increase.
I think Sztorc overestimates how often miners will be able to safely "vote blindly" for a withdrawal; if it's known that miners aren't checking withdrawals then pushing an invalid withdrawal becomes feasible, which leads to miners having to verify withdrawal correctness all the time anyway.  In short, miners might not steal the funds, but others will try, and that will lead to an effective blocksize increase that risks centralization.
@_date: 2018-10-05 23:30:28
0\.  Higher witness versions are reserved for future use.  For instance there's a good chance that Schnorr-signature outputs with Taproot will get version 1 in the future.
Currently any address with version other than 0 is anyone-can-spend, as is needed for future definitions.
@_date: 2018-10-12 05:54:11
Mostly it means easier arbitraging between exchanges.
You should really realize that Liquid is federated, meaning that the only ones who can actually trustlessly use the sidechain are the federation members.  Everyone else will be putting their trust in the federation not going rogue.
Compare that to Lightning, where you only receive money on cryptosystems where ***you*** are part of a mini-federation of 2 (you and your channel counterparty), meaning you can use it trustlessly, unlike Liquid.
Lightning &gt; Liquid.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:40:41
And if you hedl it for 5 years, you could have bought a real Tesla with it.  jk (or am I?)
@_date: 2017-08-01 23:19:52
@_date: 2017-08-29 05:27:06
The other side can always close the channel unilaterally.  It would be kind of a dick thing to do (since the side doing a unilateral close has to wait to recover the money), but it's doable.
If both of you do not close the channel (for example both of you uninstall the app) then the channel remains unspendable forevermore.  Presumably if you have money on a channel, you will take the time to actually close it bilaterally (or unilaterally if the other guy is not responding/has uninstalled the app) so that you can recover the funds you own.
@_date: 2017-08-10 00:02:48
The prospect is that eventually most of your spendable money will be on Lightning.
It's "locked up" only in the sense that your money will be on the Lightning Network. Moving onto or off the network will cost high fees. Moving within the network will be very low fee.
Your funds won't be locked if you can still pay whoever you need to pay on Lightning. If someone insists on being paid off Lightning, well, maybe you're buying a house and not a coffee.
By the time we can sustain channels for years, however, everyone will have to be onboard with Lightning. If not, then we move to the next scaling solution, MimbleWimble sidechains, which at least lets new nodes download just the UTXO set and not the whole chain.
@_date: 2018-10-22 04:46:53
It's still very accurate.  Computers are just Turing machines (or equivalently, lambda-calculus machines) and economics is just the study of optimal allocation of scarce resources.
Either you're targeting general artificial intelligence, in which case it "synergizes" with everything, or you're not, in which case it doesn't really synergize with blockchains at all.
@_date: 2018-10-01 02:00:02
And that leads you to do *which* of these two things?
* Actually contribute to LN wallet development (by coding or hiring a coder or even just reviewing)
* Ranting on Reddit that *other people* have to do LN wallet development
@_date: 2018-10-14 07:04:28
If you want to make your life unnecessarily complicated, you need to devise a ZKP algo that an image is a downscaled vrsion of another image. There are existing ways of converting algos to proof systems, but are at "proof of concept" level. Then you encrypt the original high def image with a 256 bit key. Give the encrypted high def image and hash of this key to buyer. Provide the low def image, proof that the low def image derives from the high def image, and a separate proof that the encrypted version was encrypted with the preimage of the given hash. Buyer checks proofs. Then setup a  LN invoice using the hash as payment hash. When the buyer pays on LN they get the preimage, which is the encryption key for the encrypted high def image, letting them decrypt it. Third party escrow not needed.
This only ensures that you get paid if the supposed buyer actually wants the product. It does not protect against trolls randomly asking for stuff they don't actually need and then wasting your time with no intent to pay you.
Or just keep doing what you have been doing.
@_date: 2017-08-11 10:18:36
One can argue that SegWit's technique is roughly equivalent to extension blocks.
"True" extension blocks however move entire transactions outside of "legacy" areas, while SegWit just moves signature data (the equivalent of legacy `scriptSig`) to a different area.  The difference is that with SegWit, old nodes can see but not verify new SegWit transactions, so it's "seamless" to transfer money to or from SegWit and non-SegWit transactions.
~~To my knowledge, extension blocks can't really transfer money from extension area back to legacy area, so it's really something like a informally-pegged hardfork than a softfork (or something like a one-way pegged sidechain; I honestly haven't seen it in detail, just the basic idea that the transactions are in the extension area).  So yes, doing HF-like changes are possible with extension blocks, because it's almost like an HF itself.~~
Edit: My mistake: extension blocks are equivalent to an enforced two-way pegged sidechain that's merge-mined on legacy mainchain, with miner enforcement of entering and leaving extension blocks.  So it's practically a sidechain, and a sidechain can implement whatever rules it wants, including what would now require HF.  The problem I think is that the extension block entry and exit requires additional confirmations on the legacy block area.  I also don't know Core's feedback on this yet, so I'll need to dig through this more.
@_date: 2017-08-10 04:32:10
Yes, there's usually a surcharge.  I use localbitcoins.com myself, as the other local exchange, coins.ph, is a NYA NYA NYA signatory.
@_date: 2018-10-02 06:32:43


Do you honestly think that a blocksize increase can be implemented in a shorter time frame than it takes to get LN working for the masses, or SegWit adoption to increase to 100%?  Because if you do, I'd like to introduce you to the SegWit2X fork, which almost forked twice at two different blockheights because they didn't do enough testing. (SegWit2X: Not just twice the capacity but twice the hardforks!!)
@_date: 2018-10-22 01:32:04
Turning off RBF does not make 0-conf safe. RBF can still be followed by miners even if the tx opts out of it --- you're trusting miners to respect the optin RBF flag when their every incentive is to always get the highest feerate they can extract. That nodes don't propagate replacements of non-opt-in-RBF txes doesn't mean I can't get a direct connection to a true RBF miner.
@_date: 2018-10-19 03:58:16
Yes, roughly.  This isn't so different from an employer opening a salary bank account on your behalf, or providing other perks.
@_date: 2017-08-14 11:39:01
It's a clone of Bitcoin, with the only differences being: faster block times (one block / 2.5 minutes), 4x supply (84 LTC limit), and mining proof-of-work (scrypt).
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:27:36
The point is that "Good luck polluting an 8mb block smh" isn't sufficient protection against fee pumping by spamming.  Increasing block size is not necessarily going to lead to lower fees and spam reduction.  You're going to need more than a block size increase to prevent the attack I described.
I won't do the above attack, because almkglor is attached to my real-world identity, and I think it would be too unsafe for my hidden pseudonyms to make a similar attack (they could get linked to almkglor and hence to my real-world identity).  But the idea for how to launch such an attack exists and may now be launched by anyone.
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:34:10
Hmm.  Let's think more.
I have 2.0 BCH lying around.  Can you exchange me 2.0 BTC for it?  Please?
If yes, then yes, the 21million BTC limit has been breached, because now there are 21 million more tokens of BTC, which just happened to be named BCH.  I.e. a peg.  After all, you can swap me 1 BTC for 1 BTC, and all we'd be doing is lose money due to transaction fees.  If they're equal,, they're the same and directly swappable and you wouldn't think more about it other than transaction fees.
If not, then this is just like a new, detached altcoin launch, with a distribution equal to existing BTC.
Does a new altcoin launch equate to an increase in the BTC limit?  I personally do not care about almost all altcoins with the possible exception of Monero, ZCash, and MimbleWimble coin whatever that becomes.
@_date: 2018-10-01 02:14:25
*cough* not my keys, not my coins  \^\^
@_date: 2018-10-14 08:46:15
If enough drivechain users get scammed, it will hurt the main coin's value, since some of those coins may have been from the drivechain, or cross-chain-swapped for drivechain coins (obscuring that they were scammed out from drivechainers).  It's another reason why drivechain acceptance is not very widespread.
The main reason fullnodes check the whole blockchain is to ensure that coins go to those who know their private keys; drivechains risk that property.
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:29:02
From a bcasher
@_date: 2019-11-12 16:37:46
Still immaterial.  It wasn't working in a way that was useful, so it was changed.  It's still not completely useful? Then it will be modified as such.
The only relevant question is: how was "Satoshi's approach" better?  What exactly ***was*** this Satoshi's approach you are thinking of?  Why isn't, say, an offchain high-frequency updateable channel system (like Lightning) what "Satoshi's approach" is/was?
@_date: 2018-10-20 23:45:51
The only synergy is that an agent AI can earn money for itself by:
1. Renting computer time.
2. Earning money by offerring digital services.
3. Using bitcoin for both.
But a rational programmer would rather make a slave AI and getting its benefit rather than giving ut its freedom.
@_date: 2018-10-15 05:14:49
More Bitcoins
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:48:02
[Wine]( is win.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:24:24
Bitcoin is borderless and exists in no location, so the basis of the question is meaningless.
Regardless, if it's sold on a "normal" exchange, it is possible that someone will audit the seller.  If the sold amount is in the millions of USD the chance of getting audited increases dramatically.  The seller will have to declare where he or she got the Bitcoins.  The easiest is to simply declare it as a donation, which reduces the tax liability to a donation tax.
If you're going to do a regular remittance business, take care of the legal situation on both ends for being a money transmitter --- that's the harder part, the transmittal of Bitcoin is almost trivial.
@_date: 2019-11-21 07:01:07
Standardness checks only apply to outputs.  Since `redeemScript` is in the *input*, standardness check is not applied to them.
Note that older versions of Bitcoin Core imposed standardness checks on `redeemScript` but those were removed later on.
@_date: 2018-10-28 00:34:44
First seen rule doesn't matter if miners don't run first seen rule.  It's not a consensus rule and cannot be enforced by fullnodes.  More precisely it's first seen ***policy***, which is behavior that is formally in the code, but which can be trivially modified without breaking consensus.  If someone is connected to an oligarchic subnetwork of miners who do not apply first seen policy, it's possible to doublespend, RBF or not.
@_date: 2018-10-01 03:05:26


Except it affects the mainchain because miners who support multiple sidechains get more fees (from the sidechain fees) than miners who don't.  This incentivizes miners to support every sidechain in order to remain competitive with fellow miners, leading to massive effective blocksize increases and squeezing out miners who are unable to handle large blocks (i.e. mainchain blocks + all sidechain blocks).  It's why you don't see drivechains discussed often on bitcoin-dev@ or  or  most of the devs have come to think of sidechains as blocksize increases, and merge-mined sidechains to be miner-controlled blocksize increases.
(the counterargument is that a sidechain becomes profitable to mine only if there are sufficient fees in it, i.e. sufficiently popular, meaning it translates to a real need from the economy --- but note that the same argument applies to a blocksize increase too, and blocksize increases are not considered the correct solution, but rather offchaining and other optimizations)
@_date: 2018-10-16 10:23:31
But that would make the system pointless, and they get paid in tokens *inside* the system.  If the system is pointless the tokens *inside* the system are worthless.  So it's in the interest of miners to keep things going, or else.
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:38:44
It's why I consider Lightning Network a superior solution over Liquid Sidechain.
Under Lightning, you have cooperative peer-to-peer connections that can be used to form a network, without any specialized brokers.  Every connection to your peers is something you have direct control over: your keys are needed to have those connections be updated, so your keys your coins.
The only good thing Liquid is good for is an income stream for Blockstream to pay their Lightning Network devs, Christian Decker and Rusty Russel, who are key persons in keeping interoperability between the various LN implementations.
@_date: 2019-11-18 09:04:46
Existing UTXOs are guarded by ECDSA, so no.
Schnorr is not magic.  In particular, while it supports aggregation, currently what is only planned is to support key aggregation, not signature half-aggregation.  What this means is that each input still has to have at least one signature.  What *can* be aggregated now is that 2-of-2s and similar multisignatures only require one signature to appear onchain for each spent input, instead of multiple for each spent input.
@_date: 2019-03-08 11:58:28
It's another example of "yay piece-of-shit!" No. They don't need to be.
@_date: 2018-10-16 07:36:25
What you are describing ("server clients run a full node from Bitcoin Core and broadcast their presence to the network") is similar to how federated sidechains work.
But the federated sidechains effectively move coins from the control of the user to control of the federation.  I.e. it's custodial.  Not your keys, not your coins.
The magic of Lightning is that each channel is controlled by a tiny 2-member federation.  And for each of your channel's tiny federations, one of those members is YOU, the user.  You can trust the federation because YOU are the federation: it's your keys, therefore your coins.  You can swap the money on your channel for money on another channel via cross-system atomic swaps in order to get a payment to somebody else, but you can only HOLD money in your own channels.
A similar setup means that each "lake" is controlled by a federation, but you can only safely hold money in a lake or channel where you are part of the federation.  A multi-user "lake" would have a n-of-n federation (you can't trust anyone else to sign in your behalf, so you must always insist that you are part of every update of the lake), and it can only update if everyone in the federation is online (in much the same way that with Lightning channels, you can only update if both of you are online).
The requirement to have everyone online in a lake for each update is onerous, and you can't really have m-of-n where m &lt; n because you can never trust the rest of the federation, only yourself, so you ***have to*** be in the signing set so you have to insist on n-of-n.  What Channel Factories does (this is a paper published by Burchert, Decker, and Wattenhofer last year) is that a lake is used to build several channels.  Channel updates can be done using tiny 2-of-2, and only massive changes in the channel structure require the entire n-of-n lake members to actually update.  If all channels in a channel factory are closed, then only a single transaction is used to collapse all of them, instead of several transactions, one for each channel.
Remember, if you're using a federated cryptocurrency system, you have to be part of the federation or else you are forced to trust the federation under a custodial account.
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:48:48
Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.
@_date: 2019-11-17 01:40:42
Because mining hardware is largely developed in China. As commodities, they are initially configured to connect to the mining pools controlled by the mining hardware manufacturers. Most people are lazy and will not do the extra setup of reconfiguring to another pool. Then pools themselves have centralization pressure. It's uncomfortable to use a smaller pool since it pays less often, so not changing the defaults not only means you have less work to do, you also get a steady income stream.
The only hope Bitcoin has against censorship attacks is a fee increase, which convinces miners to switch to noncensoring pools due to the potential increase in lucrativeness.
@_date: 2017-08-14 11:42:02
It's an upgrade to the Bitcoin protocol that was written ~2 years ago, but was blocked from activation by various factions until recently, when a user faction (UASF, BIP148) forced activation by threatening to reject Bitcoin blocks that did not signal for activation.
Litecoin copied the SegWit code some months ago and actually managed to activate it before Bitcoin did, after which it rose a bit, then levelled off with a slowly-rising price support base.  The prediction is that Bitcoin will have the same pattern: sudden rise, sudden drop, then slowly-rising price support base.
@_date: 2017-08-07 05:18:41


It increases the odds of a random person off the street to successfully route a payment through them.  Really, think of it in terms of bittorrent peers or bitcoin node peers: you really don't care who connects to you and who you connect to, as long as you get the video or tx+blocks (or bitcoins in LN).


Could be; I haven't looked that deeply into LN implementations other than lnd, and I could have mixed stuff up.  Mea culpa.
@_date: 2018-10-13 09:32:56
The problem is that the people who decide the proper inflation rate are also the people who get to have the newly printed money first. If you don't see the problem in that, well...
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:31:45


Probably not, it's something that can be downloaded for free off the Internet... if you have good bandwidth and time.
Still... I'd pay some amount (don't know how much yet, I'll have to check our financial situation with my wife) for a good copy of the blockchain, just for nerd points.
@_date: 2018-10-19 10:54:35
Yes.  The above is misleading; I see Lightning as eventually phasing out and replacing Liquid, not running on top of it.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:30:40
To be more specific: the source of a payment needs to keep a "map" of the LN network, and find routes itself.  If a route fails, it just finds an alternate route using its local map of the LN network.
Third parties cannot do anything other than hide the existence of some channel, but they can't forge a nonexistent channel (the node can verify if the channel exists since the channel must have an anchoring transaction on the blockchain).  In addition, the hiding of a channel is probabilistic: if somebody else knows the channel exists, knowledge of that channel can still be spread via routing gossip.
@_date: 2017-08-03 02:21:53


Well, that's the problem.  The protocols are near enough that it's possible to get a Bcash transaction (not all of them, but the technical details escape me as of now) and put it into the BTC network, thus spending both if you intend to spend only BCH.  It's called a replay attack.
Replay protection is needed to prevent this so that you can spend BTC and BCH separately. I honestly haven't looked into this in detail, so please check if you're at all interested ^^
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:34:19


Market forces.  Which is why we use an assurance contract.
Libertarians/ancaps may be weird, but they do have some clever ways to get around the lack of government and taxation.  Assurance contracts are one: they encourage people to put money into a fund that will pay for a common good, according to how each person judges that common good will benefit him or her (bigger roads, an airport, a new highway...).  If the common good is not delivered, or not enough people are interested in it, then it doesn't happen (i.e. market forces decide whether a common good is delivered).
The main problem with ancaps is that it requires that all people are perfectly rational.  While pure free market degrades "gracefully" to an extent when people are not being rational, it allows more-rational people to massively exploit less-rational people, and pure free market does not really prevent indirect exploitation (ancaps will point out that totalitarian governments just spread direct exploitation, but perhaps some reasonable balance between some government and minimally-regulated free markets can work better than pure free markets).
In a decentralized system that is ungovernable by design, concepts developed by people who believe in a complete removal of government are useful.
@_date: 2018-10-15 05:08:07
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:52:34
My understanding was that website was for Bitcoin Unlimited, not 2x.  They are different and not necessarily supported by the same people.
Also, people might not want to reveal their hodlings.  I'm afraid that markets are probably the only good indicator, so somebody needs to go make a futures market for B2X and BTC.
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:02:08
But the fees... \^\^
Well if there's value in splitting, I guess the value will be paid for.
@_date: 2017-08-12 08:46:50
Well, if you have enough Bitcoin that you want to put some aside and not use it for trading for a while, here's what you can do:
1.  Download Tails OS, burn to CD or flashdisk.
2.  Disconnect computer from Internet and boot from Tails.
3.  Generate a new 12-word BIP39 private key in Electrum.  Write it down, make a few backups.  Also write down at least one of the addresses in Electrum.  Then select Wallet &gt; Master Public Keys in Electrum and write down the shown mater public key that starts with "xpub".  Double-check everything you wrote down.
4.  Turn off computer, remove Tails CD/flashdisk, reconnect to Internet, reboot to normal OS.
5.  Transfer some of your funds from your Bittrex money to your new BIP39 wallet you got from Electrum in step  using the addresses you wrote down.
6.  Fold your written papers with the new keys, put them in ziploc bags, and store in multiple locations (your safe, your parent's safe, at a bank safety deposit box).
7.  Install Electrum.  Instead of generating a new standard wallet, select to provide private or public keys, then provide the "xpub" string you wrote above.  This creates a watch-only wallet that can only watch your funds but not spend them.
This is your "cold storage".  If you ever see more gains, you can use the watch-only wallet to receive but not send.  Just make sure you write down the correct addresses, a single incorrect character can mean total devastation.  Of course, you only need to do this if you already have a substantial part of your life savings in BTC.
@_date: 2019-03-14 09:02:06
First, forget Andrew Yang.
Let's focus on UBI.
The intent is to reduce inequality.
Now the contention is: what causes inequality?
1.  Some people are just lazy and should work harder!
2.  Some people are unfortunate and should be given a break!
The above are both true, and the "left" "right" divide in USA politics is, in the end, whether you focus on one or the other.
It's undoubtedly true that some people are assholes who want to get money without having to work, like landowners and central bank owners.
It's also undoubtedly true that some people are just unlucky, were born to ignorant parents who never learned enough to give a proper education to them, and are limited by a glass ceiling because of their heritage.
What you need is:
1.  A Land Value Tax replacing all taxes, with "land" including such things as intellectual property (because products of the intellect are really the heritage of all of humanity, just as land is the heritage of all of humanity).
   * Assessment of land value is often cited as a weak point of LVT, but that is easily fixed by just letting the frikkin market do the work.  Have the landowner declare the land value by themselves, but if anyone else is willing to pay that land value, then the landowner has no choice but to transfer ownership of the land for that exact value and not a millisatoshi more.  This forces the landowner to honestly declare the true value of the land for them, because they may be given that amount of money at any time in exchange for the land.
2.  A Universal Basic Income which is just the total LVT divided by the number of humans.
   * The value of land in modern era is proportional to the population density near that land.  A few square meters of prime city land is more valuable than an acre of farmland, despite being a lot more polluted and covered in cement that prevents food from being grown on it.  This implies that the value of land is really derived from the human populace living on, near, and around that land.  It is only right that the people are compensated for their mere existence, because it is their existence which provides the value of the land.  This also applies to intellectual property: a big-budget movie is valuable because of all the people who want to watch it.
@_date: 2019-03-27 03:30:30


This requires that they think of the future rather than of the now, and to think of things they and their politician "enemies" should be banding against instead of snarking at each other.  So no, not gonna happen.
@_date: 2017-08-25 06:43:44
Eh, wrong.  You just have a single wallet you control.  You can load money into it, and that goes to your channels.  You can then pay anyone who is connected to your channels.  If there's a visa-type company on the other end of one of your channels, you can pay to any of their serviced merchants.  Or you can help a friend start up their business by providing a channel to them, and earn some money from fees just for helping him/her.  If you patronize a merchant frequently, you can make channels directly to them to reduce fees.  If the visa-type company hates one of the DVD piracy shops you patronize, you make a channel directly to the DVD piracy shop, and earn money from fees going through you.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:37:08
My wife is going "so why aren't we buying the dip yet?".
 :-P
(well we don't have much spare cash baby... but I guess we can convert some fiat savings to BTC savings)
@_date: 2019-03-18 11:25:44
Wars and climates, from a global view, are rather local events.  Over the entire globe and in terms of decades, they are negligible in effect.  People still innovate and improve production in the long run across the whole world.
There are those who would argue that economic crises are caused *only* by monetary supply inflation.  Can't name names though, it's just the general thought on this subreddit.
@_date: 2018-10-02 04:05:22
Until someone tries to steal using an invalid withdrawal. *Then* the miners need to upgrade to become sidechain fullnodes.  Afterwards, why should miners downgrade?  They could just merge-mine directly instead of via blind-mining operators.  It's still more efficient for the miners and the blind-side-miner to merge their business operations, so there's still a centralization effect.  I see the blind-side-miner in blind-merge-mining as a middleman, and Sztorc should really be enough of an economist to realize what happens to middlemen in economic exchanges in the long run.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:54:46
Not enough.
@_date: 2017-08-30 04:42:28
Coinbase works there, but there are many complaints about it.  Also requires a lot of ID's and paperwork and time.  There are other exchanges that work in the US: GDAX, Gemini...
localbitcoins.com has much less ID's and paperwork, as it is not an exchange so much as a way for ordinary people to meet up and arrange trades.  Although again, higher premiums (a lot of the sellers on localbitcoins buy on one of the other exchanges, then sell them higher at localbitcoins).
@_date: 2018-10-12 03:49:52


There is.  Still, don't trust, verify.
But note also that most side-to-main transfers will often have no better than SPV security also.  This may not incentivize anyone to run *any* sidechain fullnodes at all, so you might as well just use Liquid and at least know who the sidechain miners are, as opposed to being mostly anonymous.


The "classic" formulation imagined a separate set of miners for each sidechain.  Since each sidechain would accept a proof that you somehow "locked" some funds on the mainchain, the mainchain could be modified to also accept a proof that some funds were locked in some sidechain in order to unlock funds on the mainchain.  This could be done by simply providing a set of headers with sufficient proof-of-work to accept.
Obviously you cannot spend energy to mine the mainchain and then spend that to mine the sidechain, so your energy budget will be divided between mainchain and sidechain.  So it was realized that not only does the sidechain only have effectively SPV security (since monetary releases of mainchain coins backing sidechains can be achieved with only SPV proofs on the sidechain), the sidechain is also easier to 51% attack especially if it uses the same POW algo as mainchain.
Drivechains strives to get around this by using merge-mining, but it was also pointed out that this effectively makes Drivechains a hook for blocksize increases controlled by mainchain miners.  Hence the relative paucity of non-federated sidechain designs.


Depends on how you define "fully validating".  Do you want the transfer of all Bitcoin moneys to be verifiable?  If so, you want to see every drivechain whether you care for them or not (in much the same way that a Bitcoin fullnode will still have to verify every transaction whether the money passes through them or not).
You *could* have a "fully validating" node that doesn't check any Drivechains, but now you trust that the mainchain miners will operate all the Drivechains correctly.  So it depends on how strongly you would want to achieve "don't trust, verify" discipline.
In contrast, consider how in Lightning, you only need to trust money that is locked in channels that are directly connected to you.  Since channels that are directly connected to you require your signature in order to update, you don't have a problem --- presumably you can always trust yourself not to screw up your own money.  Thus you achieve full "don't trust, verify" discipline, since you only need to trust yourself, and you can verify that your counterparties on the network are operating correctly (and always have the right to get off the network if you can verify they aren't working correctly).  This reduces bandwidth needs (you don't need to know of every transaction on Lightning) without sacrificing "don't trust, verify".
@_date: 2018-10-21 23:28:06
In theory if the exchange supports it.
If the exchange is willing to do that instead of deducting it from your bought BTC.
Not unlimited, it can't get larger than 65536 due to internal limits in the protocol, as well as tx size limits imposed by the bitcoin block size limit. There's channel factories but that's theoretical so far and practical implementations will likely have limits too.
@_date: 2018-10-05 05:50:17
The block mining rate of 1 block per 10 minutes.  Even if small blocks are full, the rate at which the needed HD space increases is smaller than with larger blocks.
By the time small blocks fill up 500Gb, large blocks would have filled up proportionally more, e.g. 4Tb.  With small blocks you could buy a 1Tb drive and have several more years, with large blocks you would need an 8Tb drive to have similar number of years to add.
@_date: 2019-03-31 12:01:41
Ah, looks like a definite GUI failure then.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:52:47
Right now it's simply due to SegWit adoption.
Small increases in the block size (like what you'd get with low SegWit adoption) are surprisingly big enough to handle large loads, as gmax and other core devs have been claiming ever since forever.
Increased batching (exchanges making fewer transactions that handle multiple customer withdrawals at once) and doing things offchain (i.e. using centralized solutions to transfer funds instead of onchain transactions) are also contributors.
@_date: 2018-10-16 07:51:43
You can prove that something was created between two blocks.
That something ***must*** somehow be able to contain a blockid, ***and*** be representable digitally.  This creates a strong dependency from the blockid to the time you created the entity.
Then you hash that something's digital form, and put it on the same blockchain, on a later block.  There are many techniques: `OP_RETURN`, or pay-to-contract.  The later block then has a strong dependency from your something to the later blockid.
You can then show that the thing was created between the two times.  The nearer those blocks are, the greater the trust that it was created between those times.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:15:11
Still being worked on.  The latest I heard was to use rolling UTXO set commitments, i.e. commitments that represent sets, and which homomorphically have equivalent insert and delete operations.  The "best" which Wuille found was to use a multiplication operation on set item hashes, with the homomorphic relations: set insertion = multiplication of hashes modulo prime, set deletion = division of hashes module prime.  Division was expensive but you could keep two sets, the set to insert and the set to delete, then at the end perform a single division to delete the entire set to delete.
I suppose others are reviewing the maths to check if it actually would work.
@_date: 2018-10-05 05:51:01
Not luke-jr but this is indeed correct.  You should look at the research on compact blocks and Bitcoin FIBRE network by Matt Corallo.
@_date: 2017-08-13 14:23:42
Yes worth it.  Buy regularly a fixed fiat amount at a regular fixed repetition time. For example the equivalent of $90 per 2 weeks.  Ignore the price.  Keep the money in a wallet whose keys you control (if you don't have 12 words or 24 words or something, you don't control the keys).  Do this for a year at least.  Then check periodically if it's grown enough for you to retire.  Good luck!
@_date: 2017-08-30 07:57:42
1.  Quantum computing is not magic.  It will not magically destroy all cryptography.
2.  Quantum computing can destroy some kinds of cryptography.  This includes Elliptic Curve cryptography: ECDSA (used in Bitcoin), and Schnorr (will be used in Bitcoin).  Specifically, from the public key, it will take less time than the age of the universe to derive the private key.
3.  Quantum computing cannot destroy hash functions.  Hash functions are truly one-way.  Thus mining, being based on hashes, is automatically quantum-resistant.
4.  Bitcoin "addresses" are really encodings of P2PKH.  P2PKH means "pay to public key hash".  Thus, you do not reveal your public key: you reveal a hash of the public key in a P2PKH address.
5.  Again, quantum computing cannot destroy hashes.  Thus given a P2PKH address, it is still impossible for a quantum computer to get your private key.
6.  Do not reuse a P2PKH address after you have spent from it.  If you spend from a P2PKH address, spend all the funds from it and put the change in a separate address.
That's all you need to do: don't reuse addresses (don't receive into them) after you spent from them.  Edit: As mentioned by this is automatically done by all major wallets, although if you get a receive address and keep it forever on some website or card or whatever, then you need to update that if you spend from the receive address.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:06:49
Why would a payment channel need an external oracle?
Okay, wait wait, what do you think discreet log contracts ***do*** anyway?  My understanding is that a discreet log contracts allow an oracle to publish information in such a way that it can't cheat, by publishing incorrect information to different people (say, it can cheat by pretending to be someone else, making a bet with somebody, then if the thing being bet on is the opposite of their bet, publishing the wrong value to their counterparty while still publishing the correct value to everyone else; discreet log contracts mean it won't be able to do that without revealing its private key and invalidating all bets based on it).
Discreet log contracts still need Schnorr because that's the math they base it on.
How in the world is a discreet log contract going to be used to *build* a payment channel, as opposed to sending discreet log contracts over payment channels that are first created using SegWit channel opens?
@_date: 2018-10-02 07:59:21


And supporting Drivechains means coins become controlled by miners, which makes secret extension blocks a lot easier.  Currently there is no way to do secret extension blocks that also transact Bitcoin under-the-hood, without having a trusted party hold the coins in-trust-for, adding further middlemen that need to be funded by miners.
Adding the drivechain lockboxes allows miners to have much more profitable extension blocks.  I don't really see this as a good thing, since it increases the minimum bar for a viable mining operation and reduces the possible set of miners, i.e. miner centralization.
In short, I'm seeing through BMM pointlessness, and it looks like the ultimate end goal is, again, to push through a miner-controlled blocksize increase like BU.
It's why I support LN rather than Drivechains, since at least the data usage increase is distributed to the actual users of the data, so that users can judge directly how much extra data capacity they need, without it being imposed by some cabal of miners.
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:38:35
ASICBOOST is also patent pending, so evidence of ASICBOOST may let patent owners sue anyone caught using it.  And the blockchain is public...
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:19:03
Approximately, yes.  In a lottery your payoff is negative.  When mining, if your local electricity rate is cheap enough, the expected payoff is positive.  You can also use a mining pool to spread your risk.
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:13:50
Yes it is very simplistic.  Witness segregation means that witness data (signatures in the `scriptSig`) are not included in the hash that generates the txid.  In terms of layout, the witness data is put after the outputs (old tx: header, inputs(w/signatures), outputs; new tx: header, inputs (w/ sigs if spending pre-SegWit, w/o sigs if spending SegWit), outputs, SegWit signatures).  Only the part until the SegWit signatures outputs is hashed to form the txid.
When a SegWit node talks to a non-SegWit node, it strips away SegWit signatures from txs and blocks it sends to the non-SegWit node, so that the non-SegWit node never receives data it is not equipped to handle.  When a non-SegWit node passes around a tx or block, SegWit nodes talking to it will ignore the tx/block when it detects that the witness data is missing.
Since the block header commits to the merkle tree of txid's, and the txid's do not include the witness data, SegWit blocks need to have a witness commitment in the coinbase (the first transaction in each block, which has no inputs, and which pays out the miner reward and fees); basically, an OP_RETURN output of the coinbase must provide the hash of a tree of the transaction witnesses (this bit is a bit vague to me).  This effectively commits to the witness data, making sure it is not forgeable, while non-SegWit nodes will just ignore it as if it were just another coinbase message from the miner.
SegWit txs are cheaper because the size computation for SegWit txs counts 1 byte from tx header to tx outputs as 1 byte, but for witness data, 4 bytes is counted as 1 byte.  Thus even with the same satoshi/byte fee, you have fewer bytes to pay for.  This only applies to witness data (i.e. signatures for spending SegWit outputs); if you're spending a pre-SegWit output, the signature data needs to remain in the inputs area and is counted as 1 byte=1byte.
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:29:16
Hopefully someday you will get paid via Lightning for your weekly salary, repleneshing your channels.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:12:46


Again, you need to study Lightning in more depth.  Lightning Network nodes cannot censor transactions since transactions are sent in an onion routing construction, and each node cannot be certain of the ultimate source and ultimate destination of a payment.  Bitcoin miners, given a large enough cartel, can collude to censor transactions by simply not putting them in blocks and refusing to build on blocks that contain censored transactions.
Lightning Network nodes with tons of wealth cannot censor Lightning transactions.  They can refuse to maintain direct channels with undesirables, but then other nodes can arise that do support channels with undesirables, and if they're the only ones who can route transaction to those undesirables, and the undesirables are actually desirable enough to rake in money, then the nodes supporting them become richer and can challenge the old guard who refused to maintain channels to them.
Note that even big nodes are unable to effectively refuse to create channels to undesriables.  Lightning supports two important features: channels can be kept secret, and it's possible for a Lightning payment invoice to provide an encrypted sub-route.  An ordinary user can support an undesirable by having a public channel from a censoring node and a secret channel to a censored node.  The censored node can then provide invoices that appear to route to the ordinary user, then passes through the secret channel to the censored node.
@_date: 2018-10-19 03:56:05
Yes, but that on-chain fee is paid once, not every time you are paid.  In addition, channel factories are being researched to allow opening multiple channels using a single onchain UTXO, creating multiple channels at once with a very small onchain footprint.
@_date: 2018-10-12 05:56:33
As I understand it "multi-hop lock" is just a mathy mathy way of expressing how routing works in LN, and this just provides a mathy proof that this works.  The only real innovation here is the use of something other than HTLCs for routing funds, and really that's not much of an innovation given the preexisting Scriptless Scripts.
@_date: 2018-10-21 02:30:29
July 20, 1969. That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:03:28
Wait for updates.  Don't know about Bitcoin Wallet.
Electrum's SegWit support is Coming Soon (TM), but it will require that your entire wallet is either entirely legacy or entirely SegWit.  You can still send from one to the other (SegWit is back compatible), but you need completely separate wallet files for Electrum.  My own personal plan is to transfer my entire HODLINGS from legacy to SegWit when Electrum releases the upgrade.
@_date: 2018-10-01 01:57:03
He also uses a fake name and email when committing felonies, ***OBVIOUSLY***.
@_date: 2017-08-01 09:08:36
The poor, poor miners.... we should just send several hundred UTXO's to the same number of UTXO's on exactly the same addresses, that would be totally legit economic activity that will put money into the miner's pockets!
@_date: 2017-08-21 01:30:59
It also means patient fiat cost averagers can get more fuel before MOON
@_date: 2017-08-08 14:19:33


"Seem" being the operative word here. As Andreas once pointed out, Bitcoin has been on the high seas longer than other cryptocurrencies have been sitting safe in harbor being built. If Bitcoin looks wet and miserable, well, you can bet your 1 mBTC the other cryptocurrencies will get even worse.
Case in point, Ethereum has existed for less than half Bitcoin's life, but its blockchain has already exceeded Bitcoin's in size. Its TheDAO incident was caused because its smart contracts were too powerful, leading to an unexpected bug that when exploited made a popular contract slowly drain funds.
To answer your question, a blockchain with MimbleWimble transactions, multiple assets, and still somehow get proper hashed timelocked contracts (largely impossible with MimbleWimble though) would be pretty nice. Even just Bitcoin-style limited smart contracts would be much improved with multiple assets. Having some kind of proof of peg (not yet made, Blockstream was looking into using zk-SNARKs for peg proofs) would let any other crypto get onto and off the same blockchain. Or maybe blockchains should remain at layer 1 and some kind of higher layer like Lightning provides the necessary encoding for useful smart contracts.
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:16:24
Core is against a 3-month hardfork.  They're a minority, but they're Bitcoin experts par excellence, and they generally will scoff at a 3-month hardfork.  At least one of them runs a vital bit of the Bitcoin network that would make Bitcoin fall apart into multiple chainsplits if he disappears (Matt Corallo's FIBRE).  6 months, they'll make pained expressions and some may tentatively agree.  1 year, they'll go with, since SegWit was never expected to be the end of all Bitcoin development.
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:06:38
Bitcoin wallet safety checklist
1. Is it Open Source and somebody has checked if it doesn't send your private keys to anybody else?
2.  Does it provide you with 12-word/24-word recovery key when you first initialize?
@_date: 2018-10-14 07:15:09
But on Liquid, the receiver also has to know that you sent coins to them. All CT does is prevent everyone but the sender and receiver from learning the tx. It's disingenious to say "on Lightning the receiver knows how much you sent them" when the same thung is true on Liquid, because duh.
And people can know what your money on Lightning is only in the channels you actually have with them. If you have channels with somebody else, how much of it is yours will not be known by anyone else.
@_date: 2018-10-22 06:02:30
Stop patronizing me, [because you have been suckered into believing that AI and Blockchain are magic](  They aren't.  They both have weaknesses and strengths, and unfortunately the weakness of one does not get covered by the strength of the other.
AI can be much more reliably rational and reliable than human workers.  However, blockchains also enforce rationality (because if you don't do economically-rational activity, you will lose your tokens) and reliability.  There's no covering of weakness of the other that can happen that is necessary for synergy.
Do not assume I never thought of this just because I told you there's no synergy, because I doubt that you have looked as completely as I have.
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:41:15




No, because the bandwidth is too restricted here.  I'd prefer to run a full node myself than rely on other's sufferance.


Then your understanding is flawed.
1.  SegWit is already a 2Mb increase, as a softfork.  The "but r/bitcoin shills hate even 2Mb" is false.
2.  Softforks are inherently much safer than hardforks (xref BCH).  In fact, softforks are the only mechanism by which miners can pull fullnodes with their hashrate (because non-updated fullnodes will accept updated miners' blocks in a softfork situation).  In hardfork situations, miners that hardfork without extensive fullnode support will effectively stop participating in the network, and start bleeding money as soon as the hardfork block is mined.  Then it becomes a competition between users who refuse to hardfork and miners who want to hardfork.  Miners have a continuous operating cost (mining hardware, electricity, etc) while users need to do far less to drop the hardforked coin's value (`bcash-instadump`).  You do not take hardforking lightly.  Any blocksize hardfork should be carefully planned, and the community needs to be convinced that the hardfork is being planned by competent people who are doing this calmly and thinking carefully of all ramifications.  Any "but we need larger blocks RIGHT NOW" people are likely to forget important details that a safe hardfork is going to need (xref. Garzik and the various things Core is doing to help his btc1 nodes find each other), and are immediately disqualified from nursemaiding a hardfork.
3.  The block size analysis I base on,  , pointed out years ago that 2Mb is probably safe.  Any further blocksize increases starting at 4Mb start dropping fullnode count, drastically.
4.  People are lazy and are going to waste increased block size with less efficient transaction structures.  They'll do what SatoshiDice did, which is put an on-chain transaction for each win or loss, instead of packing multiple effective transaction to fewer on-chain transactions.  Increasing the block size by twice will not reduce transaction fees by half, while greatly increasing the size of the data that a new full node needs to process.
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:33:08


I'll have to check exactly how much it is, but a $100-&gt;$200 range (seen quotes of &lt; $100 for the dish and other equipment on this topic, I'll have to add possible overhead for local bribes and a Raspberry Pi (~$30 secondhand here) to run a node cheaply on, plus I'm not really a handyman haha so probably need to pay $10 or so for some local go-up-this-ladder-and-do-what-I-tell-you) seems feasible for now.  It'll be a large chunk, and I have a wife and family so the wife gets the final say on expenditures, but if the total cost of setting up a BTC fullnode is within $200 (or $250 at stretch), I may be able to sweet-talk my wife into it.


My caps are very low, and I'll have to do that every month I suspect (1Mb * 144 * 30 = ~4Gb/month before SegWit, and like I said, the "real" limit is 5Gb uplink+downlink, and my wife wants to use the Internet too; technically it's her work Internet connection, not ours, hahaha).  So in the long run, I suspect the allowance increase is going to cost more than a one-time-big-time setup.  Plus I get to show off my 1337 hacking skillzors to my wife doing this, so more you-know-what.


Yes \^\^
Or I could just mooch off people running ElectrumX servers and their own fullnodes.
@_date: 2018-10-29 02:36:51
It's possible the info is obsolete. Post quantum cryptography is still being heavily researched.
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:35:30
MimbleWimble is a technique where a different kind of signature, called a Pederson Commitment, is used.  The value (i.e. number of satoshi) of a UTXO is encrypted, and to spend a UTXO you have to prove that you know how to decrypt its value (without actually revealing the value to anyone other than the person you are sending it to, who must be online at the time of spend so he/she can encrypt the value you are giving).  At the same time, transactions can still be checked to ensure that total outputs are equal to the total inputs (i.e. a homomorphic encryption is used, where homomorphic means there is an operation on the encrypted form that is equivalent to an operation on the non-encrypted form - specifically, there is an operation in the encrypted form that is equivalent to addition in the non-encrypted form).  It's amazing tech, but incompatible with scripts and general smart contracts.  u/andytoshi made some clever further encodings where it's possible to do something like hashlocking, but I don't know the status of timelocking - my understanding is that timelocking is still a hard problem on this.
zk-SNARKs are programs (written in a language that is not Turing complete, as it disallows recursion/unlimited looping), where an executor of the program can prove that he/she executed the program faithfully without cheating, and that the output of the program is some value (that is also verifiable) given some input, where only some of the input is revealed (and the rest can be kept hidden).  What's more the proof is small and the verifier takes less time to verify than the executor to execute (zk-SNARKs were designed for cloud computations, where your underpowered mobile phone requests a computation from a powerful cloud server, but has to verify the result with its piddling CPU power).  You can consider a program that verifies a section of some alt's blockchain.  The program is written in zk-SNARK and is known and debugged very well.  You can then take the blockchain data, run it through the zk-SNARK program, get an output that means the blockchain data is valid, and a proof that you verified the blockchain data correctly.  You can provide the proof with only part of the blockchain data (not the whole blockchain section you verified), in order to prove that some amount of money in the alt-chain has been burned some time ago, and it is now possible to release some equivalent money on the main blockchain.  This is actually the original formulation of sidechains.
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:48:11
In the long run, the difficulty will adjust until the risk:reward of miners is equal in all chains where the miner could point their hardware at.  This means actually that the difficulty of each chain will match the price.  One can see the steady drop of BCH difficulty (reducing BCH security because it's now easier to 51% attack BCH).
Difficulty is a security parameter and you want difficulty to rise, not lower, to make it harder to attack.
Bitcoin price is the basis of Bitcoin security, because higher price means more miners will want to point it at BTC even if the higher difficulty gives them more problems.
The basis of Bitcoin price is partly Bitcoin security, but another part is features and network effect.  Features, Core is going to blow away every other team working on a Bitcoin-alike unless Matt Corallo, Pieter Wullie, Peter Todd, Greg Maxwell, and Luke Dash, Jr. are all assassinated in a single night.  Network, well, Core is likely to have that pat as well.  Drops in security are unsustainable if the miner cost for defection is increased (i.e. sell your B2X).  Thus even without miner support, if the users force abandonment of B2X by precommitting to sell their B2X and dropping B2X price, miners will eventually follow.
@_date: 2019-11-26 13:22:38
You will no longer be able to mine with mere computers.  Mining today is an *industry*, requiring a lot more planning and capital than a typical underage person has.
Now, some nitpicks:
* Most open-source *wallets* could not care two shits about who you are, where you're from, what you do, and also what your age is.
* *Exchanges* that are centralized --- i.e. they have a website and customer support and shit --- are constrained by laws that require them to limit who they can provide services to.   They're centralized and thus big targets for governments and law enforcement.
* *Exchanges* that are decentralized --- meaning you won't be able to use a convenient website but instead have to install and learn a piece of software on your computer --- are not so constrained.  Do note that you have to know how to use them very well.  In particular, understand that *you need an escrow* to give yourself at least some modicum of insurance against fraud (i.e. they demand a direct contract, get your money, then refuse to release bitcoins until it expires and it returns to them by default; an escrow is a third party you can at least claim from),  What an escrow is called varies across platforms, sometimes it's called a "moderator" or "maker".  The user can sometimes be induced to post a long list of relevant pages you can read to learn more about such decentralized exchanges.
* Understand that markets are markets.  Anything can be exchanged for anything.  If a direct way of getting Bitcoin for your local fiat is difficult, understand that you can still sell other things for Bitcoin directly.  Finding such markets may be difficult, however, and of course you still need an escrow unless you can trust (as in trust them with your money) whoever you are selling to.
@_date: 2017-08-07 00:35:19
IMO not much.  Its growth will stall somewhat but that's what FUD does.  In the end a government backed cyptocurrency is only as good as the government backing it, so if the government goes venezuela, the currency is likely to go venezuelan bolivar.
@_date: 2017-08-07 03:38:44
**Fixes transaction malleability**.  This is a long-standing bug in Bitcoin where you can transmit a transaction, then somebody can modify it by changing the encoding of the signature (the signature remains valid, as the encoding of the signature is still valid), making the txid (the transaction ID which is the hash of the bytes making up the transaction) different.  This was at first thought to be benign until people started trying to use the `nLockTime` feature (which prevents a transaction from being put in a block until a specified time) and realized that txid malleability was a problem (specifically: we create and sign a transaction, then I create and sign another transaction that spends from the first transaction's txid and output.  THe second transaction has fixed `nLockTime` and spends it back to you.  Before the first transaction confirms, "somebody" (really me) malleates it and it's the malleated version that goes into a block, invalidating the second transaction paying to you.  we might do this for an atomic cross chain swap, i.e. I buy LTC for BTC).  A lot of the benefits are from this fix.  **This enables Lightning Network**, which is expected to replace centralized payment processors like BitPay.
**Increases block size *without* a hardfork**.  Hardforks have much higher risks than softforks, as contentious hardforks will cause a chain split, like what happened with BCH.
**Allows SCRIPT updates in the future without hardforks**, by adding a SCRIPT version to the witnesses and script.  There are operations in SCRIPT that were disabled by Satoshi back when a security bug (or was it a consensus bug, don't remember) was found in the right shift (or was it left sfhit, don't remember) operation.  We can now make a full security audit and re-enable these operations in a new SCRIPT version.  Additional features for SCRIPT, such as MAST (Merklized Abstract Syntax Tree, which lets you expose only the branch of a script that was executed instead of the whole script, which may be important for privacy in some smart contracts) and aggregated Schnorr signatures (where multiple UTXO's to the same public key hash address can be spent using a single signature, reducing transaction size) can have their own SCRIPT version.  And so on.
**Increases complexity by requiring backwards compatibility**.  Wallets now need to track both SegWt and non-SegWit addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:28:11


This is what you misunderstand.  **X business wants people to connect to them directly, because Y charges a slightly higher fee than X does** (Y charges a fee for transmitting from Y-&gt;X, X charges no fee because it's receiving the money directly from its customers).  So *you* can connect to X directly.  And if *you* can connect to X directly, **so can *Z***.
In order for this situation to occur, X must be more concerned with Y's earnings than X's earnings.  If so, X is probably not destined to remain long in this world.


Yes it could, but it would lose potential earnings from potential routes and *lose* its monopoly.
In order for Y node to retain a monopoly, it should have a policy that it is the only node that every other node connects to, and if Y node detects a channel between any of its direct counterparties, it must do something other than disconnect itself from those two nodes (i.e. send men with guns); if all Y does is disconnect, the two nodes it's trying to punish can start building an alternate network without Y, if Y sends men with guns, congratulations, you're living in a place where the USA can send men with guns (i.e. the Earth).
@_date: 2019-03-18 09:09:28
While true, if that participant has gone offline *permanently*, then you have to dump all the offchain transactions onchain, meaning you just lost all the gains you had *and* you add some more overhead that you didn't have if you published channels onchain immediately instead of inside a channel factory.
The larger the channel factory, the more likely that one member will be offlined *permanently* for some definition of "permanently".
I'd estimate that channel factories of maybe a dozen are the largest practical channel factories for common use.
@_date: 2017-08-22 07:59:50
inkhaton is badly misinformed, I've tried to enlighten him on how LN actually works before, but he refuses to listen.
While there will inevitably be some degree of centralization (xref miner centralization), the basic idea of LN is that anyone can be a node and any node can make a channel to another node.
Central nodes cannot effectively censor - LN uses onion routing and the central node hops are unable to determine the ultimate source and ultimate destination of any routed payment.
In addition, it is possible to "hide" payment channels by simply refusing to publish their existence.  I could be harboring traitors to CentralHubInc.'s interests by making a hidden payment channel to them; the traitors can publish an onion-routed subroute which routes to CentralHubInc's server, then jumps to their competitor's server, then jumps back to CentralHubInc's server, then to me, then through our hidden channel.  CentralHubInc knows they're being used for the payment route to the CentralHubInc traitor but cannot identify clearly who is involved; as far as CentralHubInc knows, it goes to their competitor.  More convoluted routes to throw off scents are possible.
inkhaton just hates LN without bothering to learn about the tech itself.
@_date: 2017-08-11 00:32:19
Highly relevant.  If I could upvote twice I would.
@_date: 2017-08-09 04:10:21
You can't trivially lock it so it can't be accessed by anyone (not even yourself) until a certain date+time (at least not without some serious hardware).
You can't buy goods on Overstock with it.
@_date: 2018-10-17 05:49:27
And how many bitcoiners use any coinjoin mechanisms for their hot wallets?  Less than 10%?  That's just acceptable margin of error.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:28:00


While true in the strict sense, the current Lightning BOLT 1.0 standard requires SegWit.  You are unlikely to find interoperable software that works outside of the Lightning BOLT standard.  In addition, the payment channels opened without SegWit either have a timeout or requires trust, or both.  This is strictly unsatisfactory.  For all practical, user-facing use cases, we need SegWit.




Not in cited paper.  In fact, the cited paper contains this text:




Alice and Bob are contract counterparties,  while Olivia is the oracle
Are you confusing Tadge's work on WatchTower (which lets third parties monitor LN cheat attempts on your behalf, being given a cut of the rewards if your counterparty cheats) with Tadge's work on Discreet Log Contracts?  They're different things.
I can't watch youtube, my bandwidth cap is too small.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:53:20
Learn the fundamentals if you want to go all in.  Decide for yourself whether it'll indeed reach millions in 7 years.  While I'm convinced that it is indeed true, we still have a saying: Don't Trust, Verify.  Don't just accept a flat "it will be X dollars in N time!"  First, you need to ask them why they think that: they must have some proof-of-work that they actually went and analyzed the situation that leads them to that conclusion.
Bitcoin has limited number of tokens; that right there implies its value is going to be very high.  Its software is written and maintained by a great development team, Bitcoin Core, who are experts at what they are doing.  Some of them worked on related cryptographic systems before Bitcoin was even released.  The recent activation of SegWit implies that distributed higher-layer systems, like Lightning Network (which lets smaller-value transactions enjoy cheaper fees, unlike the base network's market-based fee that is independent of the transaction value and is dependent of transaction physical size).  Improvements in privacy via Lightning Network and TumbleBit are on the horizon.  Rootstock is going to let the Ethereum virtual machine run on bitcoins rather than ether (so if you think Ethereum has value, then through Rootstock, Bitcoin will also capture some of that value).  MimbleWimble is going to have even greater privacy while ensuring that blockchain growth becomes linear on owners rather than linear in time.  Both Rootstock and MimbleWimble will be grafted onto Bitcoin via sidechains, which are under development (and might not get deployed soon except as a rudimentary "federated peg" sidechain, which requires trusting a federation; the "full" sidechain will not require trusting a federation).
@_date: 2018-10-14 08:50:24
LOLWUT?  In Liquid you have to trust the Federation.  In Lightning you only have to trust yourself, because you hold one of the keys of a 2-of-2 in each channel you have actual money in.  As long as you operate the LN protocol correctly you don't need to trust anyone.  Lightning &gt; Liquid.  Liquid is useful only so that Blockstream can pay its Lightning Network devs.
@_date: 2018-10-15 09:15:54
Bitcoin Cash has done scaling in a technically incorrect way (a contentious block size increase hardfork).  Bitcoin Core is working on layered solutions that preserve important decentralization parameters at the lower layer, allowing an expensive-but-very-secure base layer and layers on top with different tradeoffs that can depend on the base layer stability.  Bitcoin Cash will fail.
@_date: 2018-10-22 03:14:41
Blockchains are just merklized singly-linked lists.  The interesting part is to create a blockchain that promise to provide a rare token in exchange for securing the blockchain with proof-of-work.  AI won't really synergize with that.  Indeed, naive AI that runs "on" the blockchain will have to expose its data and its functions onchain, letting everybody "read its thoughts" so to speak.  Current tech lets us run AI offchain with only an attestment onchain to assure its correct operation, but that's precisely the scenario I gave above: AI rents compute time to run itself offchain, pays using blockchain-backed tokens, and earns a living offering service in exchange for blockchain-backed tokens.  There's no real synergy here.
@_date: 2019-11-11 04:20:19
LOL, no.  Just in case you didn't notice, I wrote these: 
* 
* 
* 
*None* of what you listed *requires* PTLCs.
* Multipath can be done with the same hash in all subpaths.  That's what the basic multipath payments proposal does, for example:  .  There *does* exist a multipath proposal, variously called High AMP (HAMP), Discrete Log AMP (DLAMP/DAMP), which requires PTLCs, but see later.
* Rendezvous and trampoline have been merged into a single proposal.  They do not need PTLCs either --- it's just embedding a new TLV into the end packet, encoding a shorter and more compact "trampoline" onion that just contains node ids.  Rendezvous routing just means giving the (encrypted) inner onion of trampoline routing in the invoice. 
Below are what PTLCs enable, and is ***not*** an exhaustive list:
* Payment decorrelation: 
  * One can argue that High AMP is "just" the addition of payment decorrelation (with separate different decorrelation scalars on each path) to the Base AMP / multi-path payments proposal.
* Stuckless payments, which (ab)uses the payment decorrelation scalar sum as a secret known by the payer: 
* Selling signatures:
* Selling (decommitments of) Pedersen Commitments: 
* "True" noncustodial escrow:  and 
* Schnorr-based contracts over Lightning: 
* Barrier Escrows, which (ab)uses High multipath + Stuckless to allow multiple payment routings with different conditions to be set up and locked, using a third-party node that is unaware of its use as Barrier Escrow -- all it knows is somebody (multiple ones, actually) want to donate money to it: 
Of these, only Payment Decorrelation is openly about privacy.  Trampoline (Rendezvous) give some privacy of the payee against the payer, but not payee against forwarding nodes (timelocks can be used to guess distance-to-payee, as always), but it's not dependent on Schnorr-like signatures.  Escrow systems hide the details of the contract unless there is a dispute, and barrier escrows never learn their role (in a dispute case, all it knows is that an invoice it issued for donations is not paid), but those arguably add a feature that happens to be private, not improve existing not-very-private features.
Pathfinding is one of the few places where Lightning is completely independent of the base layer --- base layer has no concept of a network of channels, that's added by the Lightning layer --- so all improvements there do *not* require any base layer changes.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:21:17
Well it's only "to low earth orbit", but it's on the way.
@_date: 2017-08-25 05:40:09
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:52:48
Can you, again, explain how DLC's can be used to build payment channels?  In particular:
1.  How do you open payment channels with no time limits, trustlessly, without SegWit?  If you can't even *open* payment channels, then payment methods on payment channels are moot.
2.  While a payment can be routed by having the payee be the oracle, why would you need this formulation when HTLC's (1) work just as well for the two-party case and (2) can be done in today's Bitcoin without waiting for Schnorr to be implemented?
@_date: 2018-10-30 00:55:46
Don't trust, verify! We need to check out those people in more detail to see what their gender really is!
@_date: 2017-08-30 23:47:29
The key metric is the ratio of verification time to block rate.
Verification time is the time from when a new block is mined by some miner, to the time that every miner in the world has received and verified that block.
Small miners whose slice of the global hashrate is less than that ratio are unable to compete.  In effect that ratio is approximately subtracted from their hashrate ratio, reducing their chance of winning the mining lottery.  In effect, you cannot mine unless your hashrate is much larger than this ratio.
That verification time increases if the block size increases.
The limit of that time is determined not only by the actual time to verify the transactions in a block, but also by propagating that block.
Before the FIBRE network, bandwidth and latency for relaying blocks was limited due to the need to recover from the packet loss that is simply an inevitability of the Internet.  FIBRE is resilient against packet loss due to using a forward error correction encoding, which means dropped packets, if they don't occur too often, can be reconstructed.
The other component of the verification time is the actual transaction verification processing done on the miner's computers.  Obviously the larger the block, the longer this time.  Pieter Wullie has been doing amazing work in optimizing these algorithms.
Finally there's the quadratic sighash bug introduced by Satoshi.  He really didn't design Bitcoin SCRIPT very well.  Transaction signatures can't sign themselves, but because of Bitcoin SCRIPT, are part of the Bitcoin transaction that needs to be signed.  So what Satoshi did was make a copy of the transaction and zero out the current signature being made/verified, and each subsequent signature.  Unfortunately, it meant that you had to do this with every signature operation.  A single transaction with 100 signatures, first you'd zero out the 100 signatures and write/verify the first signature.  Then you'd make another copy, zero out 99 signatures (not including the first one), then write/verify the second signature, and so on.  This makes tx verification quadratic on the number of signatures in a transaction.
SegWit fixes quadratic sighash by moving signatures out of the signed part of the transaction.  Hashing of the transaction is done once without having to make copies and clearing signatures.  Without SegWit or some solution that does this kind of moving, quadratic sighash bug is not fixable.
It's possible today for a miner to create a fake large non-SegWit transaction of 1Mb with some thousands of signatures, which would require several million operations to verify and increase the verification time for everyone else, including other miners whose competitive edge is thus dulled.  It's possible to verify for now even without increasing the verification time too much.  But if the block size is increased to 2Mb, the verification time for such a toxic block is squared.
Without FIBRE and without Pieter Wullie's work on the actual block verification, even 1Mb blocks would have choked the network already.
2Mb blocks like in SegWit are probably still feasible especially if the quadratic sighash bug is fixed, as SegWit does.
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:08:17
Uh... 1 bitcoin is priced at 1 bitcoin, right? I don't understand the question.
Now if you were asking how much one of those old USA federal reserve paper bill collectibles are, maybe 1 microbitcoin? The manufacturer just doesn't get the point of collectibles, they just keep printing more.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:17:52
UTXOs that are spent together are owned together.
@_date: 2017-08-24 07:06:36
Yep:  section 6.3


miners much more control over the block rate.  By increasing the block rate they can give
themselves significant advantage by being the first to know about each new block;  by de-
creasing it they can push other miners off the network by increasing the variance of their


ens the clamping (if the difficulty can change by a factor of four every 504 blocks,  it can
change by a factor of 256 every 2016 blocks), and also lets attackers operate in a drive-by
fashion where they do not need to control large portions of hashpower for very long in order to execute attacks.
@_date: 2018-10-01 01:56:37
Unsalted.  Wow.  In this day and age...
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:52:10
Yes they would if you request an address each time you receive.  However if you have an address written somewhere (e.g. for donations), you need to update it if you already received money into it.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:41:57
Oh, okay then. \^\^
Hmm, that would work well until the USA sends its nasty boats to your seasteading platform.  Because, anti-piracy.
@_date: 2018-10-19 05:30:04
There are ways to obscure this.  Lightning, cross-chain swaps, same-chain swaps, and coinjoin help make things harder to trace.
@_date: 2017-08-29 00:22:22
HODLERS will still have all the power.  A HODLER against the SegWit2x fork does not need to transact on the BTC chain, only on the B2X chain.  Xref. BCH in the days just after the fork: you could learn when the blocks on BCH came in just by looking at the BCH price chart (hint: it fell each time a BCH block came in).  Miners moving to the B2X chain will only help HODLERS of the BTC coin by making it even easier to crash the B2X price.
Even now, the wild swings in hashpower between BTC and BCH are caused simply by the fact that BCH price is being pumped.  Once the BCH price prop falls, hashpower won't follow BCH until difficulty ratio of BCH/BTC drops below the price ratio of BCH/BTC.
Miners follow price.
@_date: 2018-10-31 01:06:55
Thing is, while it's possible to prove you are somebody by revealing that you know a secret that that somebody has access to, you can't prove you aren't somebody.  Don't trust, verify!!! LOL.
@_date: 2018-10-25 11:16:36
The money is lost.
Don't do this.
A channel is just a very specific transaction output.  They are, in particular, *not* an address.  Channels have a short channel ID that is composed of a blockheight, a transaction index within the block (i.e. which transaction in the block opens it) and an output index (i.e. the output that actually anchors the channel).  This short channel ID is how everything on Lightning refers to that channel.  Channels are not referred to by address, they are referred to by the transaction output that backs them.
Yes, this particular transaction output does have an address --- specifically a 2-of-2 multisig --- but sending to that address creates a new transaction output, it doesn't reload the existing transaction output.  That's not how Bitcoin works in the first place!  Bitcoin is stored in transaction outputs, ***not*** addresses.  Sometimes different transaction outputs will have the same `scriptPubKey` (i.e. the same address) but in the end they are different transaction outputs.
Sending to a channel transaction output's address should not be done since there is no real incentive for the other side to sign anything to retrieve the money from that address, unless, you know, you pay them part of it.
Now you might wonder, why would they sign anything for the actual channel then?  The reason is simple: the transaction that lets you recover your funds from the channel is signed *before* the channel's transaction output is even created and signed (this would not be possible without SegWit, BTW).  If you sent to the 2-of-2 multisig first and then asked to retrieve it later, then you are dependent on the other side's mercy (if they refuse to sign, you can't get your money).  But if you require a signature first before even sending to the 2-of-2 multisig, then you are in control (if they refuse to sign, your money is still with you, you never sent it in the first place).  The other side is incentivized to sign (even before you put any money into the 2-of-2 multisig) because if the channel then successfully opens, they have the opportunity to charge routing fees from you.
@_date: 2017-08-31 04:19:32
Well unless you're going to by 1000 USD or more, you can probably afford to wait on the hardware wallet.
All you need to do to spend is re-create the full software wallet using the 12 to 24 words.  Although you probably want to spend it almost immediately into a hardware wallet, or into the exchange or whatever you will spend into.  Then delete the full software wallet immediately: if malware gets to it you can lose all the funds.
So yes, you can do the above technique (make sure to practice spending small amounts around first, to make sure you "got" what the detailed steps are; also, note that there is malware that detects Bitcoin addresses when you copy-paste, and will replace the pasted address with the malware's writer's address) until you get a hardware wallet.
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:15:21


@_date: 2019-03-05 12:47:35
Blockstream store has been using C-lightning for a year now.
Depends on how you define "ready for release" I suppose.
@_date: 2019-03-05 02:00:03
Sometimes people use dumb automated systems that sometimes do sub-optimal things.
A perfectly rational person who investigates such a dumb automated system they are using would be justified to label extra transactions as "unnecessary".  Such transactions could have been avoided if a little more high-level automation was added.  Calling this "unnecessary" would be quite accurate.
Hence, Lightning Network.
While it's certainly true that people will consume what they can and the blockchain will always congest, they will also be able to reflect on their consumption and judge on how "necessary" it had been.  People are also capable of imagining the future and reflect on "what-if" scenarios, and judge (within the context of those scenarios) how "necessary" a scenario event had been.
@_date: 2017-08-23 06:54:08
1.  Drops fullnode numbers exponentially.
2.  Increases time-to-deployment of new fullnodes.
3.  Prevents some countries (e.g. Philippines) from starting fullnodes in less than a few months on ordinary home broadband (although satellite block stream would help this tremendously).
4.  Has a less-than-linear effect on fees due to induced demand (e.g. 2x size increase translates to &gt;3/4 fees)
5.  Multiplies large miner effective hashpower due to increasing block latency and verification of smaller miners.
6.  Risks chainsplit even with high miner support (unless done as a softfork like SegWit did).
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:06:24
There was no Bitcoin before Bitcoin.  Before Bitcoin Cash, there was already Bitcoin.  The point being that, Bitcoin Cash has no use that Bitcoin cannot handle, other than "cheaper transactions".  But if the valued coin is Bitcoin and not Bitcoin Cash, then "cheaper transactions" becomes useless, because now you need to convert from Bitcoin to Bcash, and the receiver needs to convert from Bcash to Bitcoin, utterly destroying the "cheaper transactions".
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:35:06
Depends on your risk profile.  You're young, you can probably afford to take risks (no family to support, great prospects if most of your funds disappear, parents who are still alive to support you through a bad financial patch...).  So sinking it all might be a ballsy but OK move.  In general, between most investments and Bitcoin, we can probably expect Bitcoin to outperform.  If it does outperform, you may have leveraged that 5k USD to 50k USD or more.  If Bitcoin tanks because reasons, well, presumably you have a job that'll earn you the 5k USD you lost within a year or so (depending on where you live).
Now if you happen to have gotten pregnant or gotten someone important to you pregnant, or if your parents won't be able to help you because reasons, or you don't have good employment prospects, you should hedge some of your money in a "rainy day fund", then put the rest into BTC and some more modest investments (if you can put some small amount back into the same fund manager, put some small amount back).  But from my reading of your situation, you can probably afford to risk much or all of your savings.
BUT before you move stuff into bitcoin: be sure to be aware of the operational security you need.  Prefer a paper wallet or hardware wallet, keep the paper/hardware wallet safe in a place only you and people you would trust with your savings (parent/grandparent, SO if you're planning to get married soon) can access, and use a watch-only wallet to prevent getting surprised if you slip up and get your private keys hacked (if you're gonna make a paper wallet, for example, either use a very old dumb printer, or burn the printer afterwards, or just write the private key yourself and double-check it - some printers can store images of what they print).
@_date: 2017-08-11 09:40:33
As I understand it, increasing divisibility will require a HF.
But then a block size increase was expected to be a HF, and yet SegWit managed to get that done using a SF.  So maybe someone as clever as Pieter Wullie can figure out how to increase divisibility using a SF.
@_date: 2017-08-04 04:20:22


Ah, I see, sorry for the misunderstanding.  That's going to be the problem, I suppose.  Where does the 95% for BIP9 come from?  Engineer's judgment.  But political forces created SegWit2x, and from there BIP91, which has 80%.  If 80% is acceptable for X as per SegWit2x/BIP91, then it should be acceptable for future burnings.  I suppose historical precedent is acceptable?  See, this is why politics infects everything touched by the political animal called homo sapiens.  "We need to move on, 80% is the past, it should be XX%!"
Y should probably be aligned to 2016 blocks difficulty retargeting period, since BIP8/9 align to that.  X?  Good luck.
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:41:48
Blockchains are for decentralization.
To put the objection in more concrete terms: unless your application would apply to most people in the world, you may be better off with a file in a single computer (or a cloud server if it's important enough that backups are needed).
Bitcoin is money, which everyone in the world needs in order to participate in the modern economy.  So a decentralized blockchain is appropriate for it.
Location tracking and so on will be of interest to only a few people (specifically, the manufacturer of the equipment and the "owners" of the equipment).  So decentralization is less important.
Now perhaps you might consider that maybe there is a chance that the manufacturer might go out of business and so on.  So the "owners" might want to have a database that tracks all of the equipment.  Or do they?  Invert the view: would the "owners" want to have a database containing information about where there equipment is accessible to other "owners"?
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:26:57
You can't reuse hash computation with ASICBOOST with just one tx.  You need transaction rearrangement, which implies more than one tx.  I believe you need at least 4 (since the coinbase tx needs to be the first tx), and for a reasonable chance of getting a birthday attack you need 256 tx.
So ASICBOOST behavior is evidenced by almost-empty blocks, not empty-except-coinbase blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-19 11:51:53
Value of the coins will be lower at first, since one pre-fork UTXO is worth UTXO's on both chains.  Think in terms of pre-fork and post-fork UTXO's, because that's what the system really is.  A UTXO that existed before the fork is worth more than a UTXO that exists after the fork on one side of the fork.  Thus the value is split between them.
Marketcap doesn't matter, because that's actually a pretty meaningless number.  Price matters.  The recent BTC/BCH fork removed uncertainty about whether SegWit would activate, which appears to have boosted pre-fork BTC's price.  Post-fork BTC captured most of the value because it's on the post-fork BTC chain that SegWit activates.  Any BCH remaining value is mostly just speculation and hope that BCH will eventually matter.
Basically: the value is split between the forks.
@_date: 2017-08-17 03:39:34


Sorry, I don't know enough cryptography for this.  Note however that SPV cannot trustlessly identify the longest chain, because it is possible that the longest chain identified is one which has blocks that the node would consider as invalid, for whatever reason. (I assume you're referring to downloading all available headers first to identify the longest chain, look for a UTXO commitment, then download starting from there - the problem is if there is a block the node would consider invalid that is before the UTXO commitment).
My understanding is that UTXO set commitments turned out to be more difficult to implement than expected, although the inimitable Pieter Wullie has started to propose rolling hash sets and to my understanding is studying it.  My understanding is that this is still less secure than downloading the whole chain yourself and verifying it, because of the aforementioned block invalidity problem.
If you're willing to compromise down to SPV and follow the longest chain without verifying it, though, just run SPV and forget about using UTXO commitments.


Why do you say that, when the alternative is forcing people to pay more for using block space?
It prices out certain use-cases, I agree.  So we figure out how to pack the multiple uses into fewer transactions, e.g. Lightning Network.
It's not *don't use it all*, it's *think before using*.


If you're going to SPV and rely on expensive nodes that can handle 1Gb blocks, you get lower fees, but now there are fewer nodes and those nodes probably have to  be supported somehow.  In short: you get what you pay for: a less secure network.
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:30:37
"Black Swan"
"Most Likely"
@_date: 2017-08-08 00:38:18


So.... you have to be lucky enough to be born to a rich family, yes? You're failing to refute the argument, yes?
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:24:14
Hash power still needs to overcome the difficulty in order to feasibly perform a 51% attack.  If you're the only miner in a chain, for example, you can try to build a 1-block chain, convince someone to accept a transaction on that chain, then build a 2-block chain that wipes out the 1-block chain.  But now you need to be able to mine 3 blocks that achieve the current difficulty.  If the transaction value is too small, you'll spend more grinding than you get from double-spending, so it imposes a maximum cap on the value a block can transfer safely.  If there are other miners then a cheating miner does incur greater risk so having more miners is safer, but the hard limit on safety on a chain, in the presence of multiple chains with the same mining proof-of-work, is the current difficulty.
@_date: 2017-08-25 10:49:59
Then you misunderstand it.  It's not using DLC's to implement payment channels, it's using a payment channel to transfer the DLC across the Lightning Network.  This is already understood.
**You can't implement payment channels using DLC's**.  You can transfer DLC's over payment channels, in much the same way you can transfer HTLC's over payment channels (normal payment).
I don't need to watch the video, I already know what you're talking about.  The "collapse" you're talking about is normal Lightning operation.  When a conditional contract is transmitted, the final receiver needs to provide the condition which finalizes the contract.  Then the contract is collapsed.  The intermediary nodes send back the condition to collapse their own input contracts, until it reaches the origin of the payment.  This is normal LN operation, and currently is done with HTLC's for normal off-chain payments.  The same collapse behavior can be used on DLC's, or even any future conditional contract.
You still need a malleability fix to ***trustlessly*** create the on-chain anchor for the payment channels ***without time limits***.  Without a malleability fix, either payment channels have a time limit (which complicates things in that HTLC's or DLC's beyond the time limit cannot be transmitted over the payment channel) or opening payment channels requires trust (so you risk having to ransom money that gets locked into a half-opened channel).
You can argue for BIP140 against SegWit, but you can't argue "but we could use DLC's instead" against SegWit.
@_date: 2018-10-11 05:05:27
Paper. Silk. Gunpowder. Botanical Splicing. Chopsticks. Fiat Currency.
@_date: 2018-10-17 01:13:36
Just like "virtual mining", why would they do this vs. just getting a loan and keeping most of the earnings for themselves?
@_date: 2017-08-16 14:59:18
Quantum computers have an advantage in computing elliptic curves and prime factors i.e. the basis of ECDSA that is used for private/public key cryptography by BTC.
Quantum computers do NOT have an advantage in computing hashes.  Hashes are used to generate addresses (addresses are the hash of the public key, not the public key itself) and proof-of-work mining.
So if money is posted to an address, Quantum computers can't hack addresses.
Quantum computers also cannot mine faster than regular computers.
Once an address is spent, the public key and the signature (which can only be generated from the private key, and verified with the public key) are broadcast on the blockchain.  The public key is hashed and compared to the address.  Once the public key is known, a quantum computer will be able to reverse it to get the private key.
Thus, for quantum resistance, all you need to do is not reuse addresses after spending from them.  The rest of BTC will not break in the presence of quantum computing.
@_date: 2017-08-13 05:04:26
SegWit improves it by allowing safe removal of the timelock. Timelock correlation reduces the anonymity set.
@_date: 2017-08-23 06:20:50


There are no hubs.  Only nodes.  They are peers.  Some may be better connected than yours, but (1) you always control your money and can get out of the channel at any time (2) you are never forced to channel to a particular node (3) other nodes cannot determine who you end up paying, and you cannot determine who is being paid through you.  For that matter, channels are cheap (max size is 167mBTC plus some satoshi).  Finally, centralization exists mostly as a function of positioning, and only weakly on the amount of money you can hodl; if you're good at networking and convincing others to connect to you, you can invest 1.0 BTC and start making a small income (how? make a nice LN app that prefers to connect through your node. or make a good service that people like so much that they'll connect to you directly and possibly pay other services through you. or be good at brokering channel connection deals with other services. or make a small business that pays stakeholders and employees by Lightning and expect them to have channels to you, by which they are paid and by which they use your node to pay other services. and so on.)
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:48:48
Go bet it.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:35:08
A payment processor who can't learn who you're paying.  Like a LN node, but much more centralized, with the benefit that the payment processor gets a lot less information (in LN an intermediary node need to know the direct source and direct destination, although it won't necessarily be able to figure out the ultimate source/destination; also, latest LN spec allows routes to be traced if people settle on-chain too often or if multiple nodes are really controlled by the US government, this will be fixed in later LN specs).
LN can be routed, TumbleBit can't, hence centralized payment processors in TumbleBit.  However the payment processors are trustless and can't figure out who is paying whom.  The expected use case for TumbleBit is for you to pretend to be two people, and pay yourself, essentially tumbling the money, hence TumbleBit.
@_date: 2018-10-26 03:32:35
You joke, but more accurately:
1.  First amendment: [we can't scale onchain](
2.  Second amendment: [thin clients (SPV) suck due to loss of privacy](
3.  Third amendment: [pseudonymity is not enough for privacy onchain](
@_date: 2017-08-07 10:55:12
In practice, you don't really care *when* it happened.  You only care if it happened in the past, and nobody else has spent its output (i.e. double spend).
You can approximate when the transaction happened by checking the timestamp on the block where it is included, but again that's not considered reliable - the miner's clock is not necessarily synchronized to every other computer in the world.  That may be good enough for your purposes - if all you care about is whether it happened yesterday or the other day, that would be a good enough approximation of "when" it happened.
But if you were expecting a down-to-the-millisecond indication, then no, we don't know *when* a transaction happened.  Heck, considering relativity, that might not really make much sense - all you care about is if the transaction occurred in a past point in your local light cone, which may have some approximation that is good enough for your purposes.
Just what are you interested in the time the transaction happened?  Is it not enough to know that it happened at some point in the past, and that no other transaction has spent its output?
@_date: 2018-10-22 00:35:43
In current protocol, the one initiating the channel open is the only one who puts starting funds in the channel, and pays for all onchain fees. This prevents anyone from draining you of funds by repeatedly initiating channel opens, then closing; only the initiator pays all onchain fees, so they'd just be wasting their funds.
In the future there may be protocol upgrades to allow the initiator to invite the other side to put funds too, but it is unlikely that onchain fees will be paid by anyone other than the initiator.
@_date: 2018-10-19 05:37:19
Not sure, but I think joinmarket has lower counterperty risk since you still hold your keys in a hot wallet.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:36:02
I don't live in GP's Thai village but I do have lousy Internet caps (in the neighboring country called the fucking Republic of the fucking Philippines) in an urban area.  If I could download the blockchain off Blockstream's satellite feed, I'd consider it if the cost of setting things up isn't too expensive.  Heck I want to run a LN node some day, and to my knowledge the most "complete" LN implementation is lnd, which to my knowledge requires a full bitcoind.
@_date: 2017-08-30 04:13:34
I generally try to explain how they're wrong, mostly for the benefit of any spectators (jstolfi is a particular thorn; he's a known troll, but I do try to expose his BS each time).  I don't always try to be polite, because honestly I have a short fuse.
Wish you luck in your endeavor, I fear you will find few who will do as you claim you will do.
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:31:01
 SegWit
So you know that in order to authorize spending of a Bitcoin, we need to sign, right?  That signature is a witness, because it's like someone who can testify that yes, you're authorized to spend the coin.
Now in the old days, the signature was part of the transaction ID.  It's a number which is based on what you spent, where you put your money, and how you signed the authorization.
Now the problem before was a thing called transaction malleation.  Transaction malleation means, if I take your signature and do something to it, I can make a new signature that still performs the authorization, but it would change the transaction ID.  Think of it a little like this: suppose you signed your name on a piece of paper, then scanned it and used it to prove that you authorized something.  I can take that scanned image and rotate it a little.  Then it would still be the same signature and it would still authorize the same thing, but the actual bytes in the image file would be different.  Because the transaction ID is based on the actual bytes behind the signature, it is possible to change the transaction ID without changing anything else about the transaction other than how the signature was written.
Witness segregation means that instead of including the signatures in the transaction ID, they are separated (segregate the witness).
Now, people also noticed that signature data was large.  You could create an output for only 34 bytes, but to spend that output you had to provide a long signature, as well as a public key, meaning you had to spend 180 bytes!  This is not good because everybody in the world has to keep track of outputs that haven't been spent.  It costs 34 bytes to make a new output that everybody has to track, but it costs 180 bytes to spend that output (which would help everybody because they could then remove that output from their memory)!  So the developers decided to give the separated signatures a discount: they would be considered as having 1/4 the size they had, so that the 180 bytes is now considered as being only 45 bytes.
Now because the separated witnesses are now considered as being smaller, we can keep the 1 Mb limit, but actually our block size is larger!  That's because the witnesses are still 180 bytes even though we are pretending they're 45 bytes.  Thus, we can get a blocksize increase, fix transaction malleability, and make spending outputs (which reduces everybody's memory requirements!) cheaper, and all of those are done in a softfork, which is safer than a hardfork!
 Lightning
Sorry, I really should be working.  Go ask your mother.
@_date: 2017-08-10 22:42:02
If it's from abroad, you can bet your ass customs is going to expect a bribe, or you wait a week.
Although a week beats several months of waiting I suppose.
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:20:02
This is bad because of the propagation implications with having to propagate transactions across a distributed network.  In addition, verification of the whole chain for new nodes takes longer - today syncs of fresh fullnodes takes days in first world countries already.
@_date: 2017-08-14 15:37:14
Because passWORD is less secure than passPHRASE.  The longer, the better.  Forget the idiotic "must have one capital, one small, one digit, one symbol" shit - the real cryptographers insist on multi-word passphrases, not weird symbols. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 07:06:30
@_date: 2017-08-02 10:20:51
market cap is not an accurate measure of value.
The problem is that the market cap assumes the entire distributed coin is available and useable.
In practice, some amount of coins have been burned, either via some proof-of-burn, or by people forgetting to keep their private keys when they replace their computers.
Finding out what coins have been burned is almost impossible.  Is an unspent transaction output from 2009 lost, or just in really cold storage?
In particular, there may be BTC hodlers with coins pre-fork that are willing to dump BCH coins (or for that matter, BTC coins) at a later date than just 1 day after the fork.  Their plans are not yet priced in as they haven't moved their money yet.
(edit: for example, for myself, locally there are no exchanges that support BCH, so I'll have to wait until some local exchange supports it before I can sell)
Relative movements in marketcap are accurate (i.e. going up or down means the coin is become more/less popular) but absolute marketcap is not. (edit: in practice, you can look at the movement of their pricing instead rather than marketcap, so the price is probably a more accurate representation than relative marketcap movement)
Since BCH is so new, its relative movement might not mean anything either.  Wait for at least a weak to investigate trend in the marketcap.
@_date: 2017-08-16 10:11:23
That's why we should follow the most-work chain.  As in, the bitcoin implementation with the most proof-of-developer-work.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:12:51
Sigh.  The block size limit is not artificial.
@_date: 2017-08-16 07:43:44
Since it streams the mined blocks, how about ........ BLOCK STREAM
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:54:22
The paper is mostly bunk IMO. Sidechains will be "just" extra space per block in practice, and locked to each sidechain (hurting fungibility on unpopular sidechains). Still, a capacity increase is a capacity increase and sidechains let those with less security  need to accept other security models.
In Lightning, each node on each end of one channel needs to keep track of only the transactions on the channel, and don't need to send this data to anyone else. This is an immediate scaling (and privacy!) win compared to a blockchain, which requires everyone to see your transactions. Putting transactions on the block chain is needed only to enter or leave the network, or to claim damages if someone tries to cheat. The improved privacy also means greater fungibility. Payment routes require contacting everyone on the route with anion routed messages, but once the route is done each node only needs to keep track of only whether it gets to claim funds if the downstream tries to claim from them (and because it is onion routed each node is unsure just how near or far they are from the payor or payee).
@_date: 2017-08-24 08:04:11
It won't be in ASCII, sorry.  ASCII is just 7-bits, i.e. 128 characters, there's no more space.
It is already in Unicode, if that's what you were asking.
It is probably unlikely to appear on keyboards soon, as you would need a new keyboard layout, which would be implemented differently based on OS, and so on and so forth.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:38:44


Minor nit, 360 is a full circle and makes you face the same direction, I think you mean a complete 180.
@_date: 2017-08-15 10:01:13


Yes, it's all you really need to keep.  Paper is good because it lasts for years.
Hardware is largely a convenience if you want to have some spending money.  Paper is the real backup
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:19:45


Every node sets a fix routing price and a proportional routing price.  So say my node sets a fix routing price of 1 satoshi and a proportional routing price of 0.1% and you send 1000 satoshi through me, you pay me 1 satoshi (fixed fee) plus 1000 * 0.1% = 1 satoshi (proportional fee)


No, but part of the channel funds is allocated for closing fees.


No.  Channels keep as state the value of the channel allocated between two nodes.  Either you keep that state private to the two of you (reducing the ability of others to track your transactions), or you want to close and commit the state to on-chain for various reasons.


The search will be done by your node.  Nodes share the LN map using routing gossip (i.e. they tell everyone whenever they open a channel or someone opens a channel to them, and they share whatever fresh routing gossip they heard).  Depends on map size.  RTS games can do A* routing on maps with millions of nodes in real-time using various tricks, so while implementing it would be painful in the same way that making your own RTS game is painful, it's not an impossible task.


2 way.  However, it really depends on the allocation of funds.  If only one side owns all or most funds, then in practice only that side can send funds.
Channels are started by one side owning all the funds on the channel (the one who requests the channel to be made funds the channel, to prevent trivial attacks of opening and closing channels to a victim node). As the channel gets spent, it becomes two way (the one who created it can then receive from the other node).
@_date: 2017-08-26 05:17:40
It'll have to be your responsibility, I'm afraid, to select which option is viable for you.  Leaving the coins on an exchange is not your keys not your coins, but if the value of the coins is small enough, you might be willing to risk it to save on fees.
@_date: 2017-08-07 03:47:12
No.  This guy has no clue about how the mining system works.  If you want a non-ELI5 explanation, basically larger blocks leads to greater centralization since larger miners can execute a block withholding attack without being obvious about it - they can just claim the block was so big it took a long time to transmit.  Block withholding attacks affect smaller miners more than larger miners.  That's why Satoshi limited the block data rate to about 1Mb per 10 minutes: it allows time for the entire block to transmit to the whole mining network including smaller miners.  Increase the block size, or reduce the average time between blocks, and block propagation to smaller miners can push them off the network.
SegWit increases block size to around 2Mb, but this is considered reasonably safe currently.  Maybe in a year or two we can talk about 4 or 8 Mb blocks.  Bitcoin cash's dangersou 8 Mb blocks per 10 minutes leads to miner centralization.  I don't have the exact computations on hand though.  Besides, don't trust, verify.
@_date: 2019-11-14 07:11:08
Satoshi left the project.  Nobody cares anymore.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:58:52
So much salt in the comments... wow.
@_date: 2017-08-06 03:56:02
SegWit is coming...
@_date: 2017-08-04 04:30:29
Thinking even more... BCH is selling at about 1/10th BTC as of this moment, and has about 8/12 capacity (8x size, but at 1/12 block rate).  So BCH is about 1/15 cheaper to spam than BTC.  Just need to buy BCH at market rate for some BTC, spam BCH chain everytime the BTC chain is spammed.  Mutually Assured Destruction...
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:35:58
MimbleWimble/Grin won't.
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:21:04
TumbleBit is possible without SegWit, but with SegWit the privacy is improved and implementation is simplified.
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:42:55
Yes, that would be a good thing.  Maybe in the future we'll have specialized computers with low power consumption that operate strictly as LN nodes (something like a hardware wallet, except it's an LN node), and you'd "introduce" your mobile devices to it so they can spend, or revoke some mobile device if you lose it.  Then you might give your children's allowance on their own channels, while your employer/business slowly feeds your salary/dividends into your family LN node.  And so on.  We might never need to settle on the blockchain except in cases of fraud or attempted fraud, or for large purchases like a family car or home.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:56:26
SPY mining should only occur seconds after the previous block.  We have an empty block that occured an hour after the previous block.  That's highly suspicious.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:15:53
The 2x increase in November might not be necessary, and deploying a hardfork in 3 months is dangerous.  As a software engineer I'm sure you've experienced being told to go deploy something RIGHT NOW, then getting it screwed up because of a simple bug that could have been caught if everyone hadn't been so pressured to deploy something I NEEDED THAT YESTERDAY.  Now imagine a similar screwup happening on the finances of you and several million people worldwide, with the possibility that it cannot be reversed because that's how Bitcoin works.
Core is willing to put a 2x increase next year, after careful review of the increasing code, and possibly taking advantage of the planned hardfork to add more things than just a size increase ( , though many of the script-related changes can now be softforked in with SegWit deployed).
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:58:08


Whoever told you that sold you the Brooklyn bridge, sorry.  Bitcoin is a currency that cannot be censored, cannot be inflated, and is electronic but cannot be cheated except with great difficulty.  Fast and cheap transactions were only true back when it was a niche thing that nerds were using, but already it was known that fees and confirmation times would inevitably rise in proportion to its popularity.
After LN is live, opening a channel is when you wait and pay high fees, after that payment is much faster and fees are very low.
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:18:41


I'm with you, but this sentence is inaccurate.  Raising blocksize does not make artificial spam more expensive.  Fees are basically a cost of satoshis per byte.  Increasing the block size by twice will halve the price of space on a block  (due to increased supply).  To spam the block by 90%, I need to pay for 90% of a block, regardless of block size.
Then there's elastic demand, which is why traffic doesn't decrease by much even if roads are widened.  Roads and cars : Blocks and transactions.
For that matter: SegWit is already effectively a 2Mb block size increase.  Your line in the sand was never crossed anyway.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:39:43
As I understand current LN node designs have some wallet functionality builtin already, so an LN channel would be handled by the user behind some LN-capable (and thus SegWit-capable) wallet.  So you probably will need to transfer the funds across wallets from a pre-SegWit wallet to a LN-capable wallet anyway, then the LN-capable wallet will load the channel from a SegWit address.
As far as I know Electrum intends to release a SegWit-capable wallet version soon; code is already written for testnet, they just need to do some final testing on mainnet.  Mycelium, don't know, never used so never paid attention, sorry!
@_date: 2017-08-08 09:24:22
Yes please, my scheduled fiat cost averaging is next week, please crash before then.
@_date: 2017-08-26 05:03:36


But you do.  When the miner policy is to accept the highest fee rates, this is equivalent to an auction based on high fee rates.  In an auction, bidders may be encouraged to overbid by planting fake bidders to push bidding up.  Even if planted low fee transactions are not getting into mempools, it encourages actual users to increase the fee rate they use in their transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:26:16


Some people have various reasons why they cannot leave the places they live in.
For my case, I can't because I see all around me how my country is failing so badly.  We had the advantage of speaking fluent American English decades before other countries nearby did.  We had Internet first compared to other countries in the vicinity.  But still, the best of us leave the country and make their lives elsewhere.  It leaves the worst of us here, continually waiting for money sent from abroad, while we conspire to steal from what dregs are sent here.  My cousins in the USA can't speak anything but a few select words of our tongue, and that with a thick Americanized I-don't-care-how-you-pronounce-it-correctly accent.  I can't leave, because it would break my heart to contribute further to the decline of the old country.  Here at least I make my stand, heedless if no one else stands with me.
Oh and our Internet costs $40/mo for a "20Gb" cap.  The "20Gb" is in quotes because at around 5Gb, the ISP throttles our Internet from 256kb/s to 32kb/s and starts spamming us with SMS messages to buy their affordable cap-increase packages.  That counts uplink and downlink, by the way.
Perhaps my situation is pointless and I should just continue to use Electrum.  But perhaps your view is simply not as wide as you thought it was?
@_date: 2018-10-08 01:27:40
It depends on the seller/buyer who is posting ads, who you are responding to.  Usually I go for those accepting/offering bank cash deposits.  There are other payment methods supported including face-to-face cash handover, but what is available to you will depend on what is available locally.
@_date: 2018-10-15 13:03:17
You don't.  You just run your node 24/7.
@_date: 2017-08-07 04:01:46
No it should be Bitcoin scaling millidebate 500
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:08:05
You'll have to ask the exchanges directly I'm afraid.  Coinbase for example recently was claiming high blockchain load to justify their high fees, during a time when blocks were less than half full.
@_date: 2017-08-29 00:07:13
Not either.  First, consider this, which is even more advanced than the hashlocked contracts BobAlison gave you: 
Needs quite advanced math for it all.
With that, all that is needed is for two people to run the same software locally on their device, and find a way for each other to get in touch.  No central service.  You'd need to release the software anonymously Satoshi-style, then pretend to be one of the first to get interested in it, but both Satoshi(either Hal Finey or Nick Szabo) and Jedusor(probably Andrew Poelstra) did it.
Basically, instead of a single monolithic system, split it into:
1. A system where oracles (participants that monitor real-world events) can pseudonymously advertise their services and broadcast their data.
2.  A system where participants can advertise pseudonymously proposed contracts.
3.  Software that actually writes up the contracts and puts them on the actual Bitcoin blockchain.
Where  and  are decentralized: basically, there's a base peer-to-peer network that distributes advertising and allows anonymous contact from advertisement responders to advertisers.
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:24:58
Aside from TumbleBit and atomic cross-chain swaps (already mentioned), SegWit also allows Script updates in a softfork (prior to SegWit, some script updates would require a hardfork):
* Enable disabled opcodes after a thorough security review.
* Add Schnorr and aggregated Schnorr as a softfork.
* Add MAST as a softfork.  (MAST = Merklized Abstract Syntax Tree, basically for scripts with conditional branches, only publish the branch that is executed)
@_date: 2017-08-02 00:12:42
IOTA achieves that by checkpointing, which is basically trusting someone didn't screw you over.
Blockchains require trusting only that &lt;50% of miners are out to double-spend on you.  You don't have to trust an individual.
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:41:42
Patents are a separate magisteria from copyright.  You can have code that does not violate copyright, but violates patent, and you can have code that violates copyright without violating patent.
That said, Blockstream has no patents related to SegWit.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:20:20
A bunch of decentralized nerds declare war on North Korea and make them pay.  In Bitcoin.  Or else all of their files to control missiles will never be decrypted.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:31:22
Then Overstock has some power over BCH and ETH.
Throughput is a desiderata, but achieving it is the question.  I know a block size increase sounds simple, but it makes new nodes starting up harder, increases Internet bandwidth utilization, and increases the important verification time to block mining time ratio (the higher the ratio, the more smaller miners lose out; it's why the original block time of 10 minutes was made, because at the time verifying a block of 100kb would have taken several hundred milliseconds; the ratio needs to be negligible, and if it goes to more than say 1 to a few ten thousands, smaller miners become practically squeezed out: this is the reason why larger blocks lead to miner centralization (only larger miners can compete, and it's harder to start mining because you need a larger size to compete); it's also why increasing the block rate has the same effect as increasing the block size).
@_date: 2017-08-31 12:56:23
How the heck is this implemented? Hash of the phone number as seed? Or does btc.com own the keys? The first is insecure, the second is not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:34:48
There already was a Bitcoin Foundation.  People weren't contributing enough to it, so it's shelved.
In the past, the FIBRE network that ties together all the pools and enables 1Mb blocks (because the base Bitcoin network would stutter along at just 1/4th that) was paid for by multiple industrial partners, but TheBlueMatt got tired of asking for more money each quarter and now just pays it out of his own pocket.
Now you know why miners don't really care about Bitcoin: they're not even interested in improving the base network by hiring developers or paying for vital techs like FIBRE.
@_date: 2018-10-15 08:33:25
It doesn't.
The argument for inflation usually goes: If the money is not inflationary, people won't invest their money and will just HODL it forever, since they can just wait and get two lambos tomorrow when they could buy one lambo today.  This means that nobody will invest in making lambos, so there won't be lambos to buy, so inflation is good.
This is daft for the following reasons.
1.  You can't eat money.  So at minimum you're going to break your stash into two parts: stash I'm saving, and stash so I can eat today.  I.e. Cold and Hot wallets.  This means only *part* of your money, you will hold onto.  This means that yes, if you need to go from point A to point B in the real world very fast ***today***, you're going to buy a lambo right now, even if you could have HEDL the money and gotten two lambos tomorrow, because if you don't get from point A to point B very fast, you won't be able to eat (because point A is in a famine and all the nice food is in point B).  Dying a preventable death while you have a bunch of money in the bank is a bit daft, as any strategy gamer can attest.
2.  Good investments will always provide a positive return in the future regardless of inflation or deflation.  If the money is inflationary at 2%, then a good investment will have to pay back &gt;2% (times risk of the investment not working out) before anyone smart will invest in it.  If the money is non inflationary (0% inflation) then a good investment will have to pay back &gt;0%.  You're just moving the point where people will prefer to invest vs. prefer to HODL.  If a new lambo-making machine can be invested in and it's a good investment, it will offer &gt;0% returns (modulo risk) and people will continue to invest in new lambo-making machines so that we can make 2 lambos for the price of 1 lambo in the future, not run out of lambos because nobody invested in lambo-making.  If it's a bad investment, then it deserves not to be invested in,  because why would you want bad investments to be invested in, are you some kind of sadist?
3.  Who decides how many more new notes to print when inflation has to happen?  The very people who get to receive and spend the newly printed money, before its purchasing power erodes.  Since people are naturally greedy, you can find a lot of justifications for why the current inflation rate is too low to support the growth and expansion of the economy.  Because the people who control the inflation rate get the new money first and it's in their self-interest to say whatever bullshit sticks to get the newly-inflated money.  Pretty soon you have people claiming that 6% inflation is not enough to support the growth of **this** particular economy and we need to print more money so that we can spend it on this important social project that my brother-in-law is building and which will increase the happiness of our people and stimulate the economy by producing more jobs.  You know, bad investments.  Because I dunno, maybe they're some kind of sadist and think the whole point is making pointless jobs, not wealth creation so everyone can have what they need (and want within reason).
4.  You know how to fix the above moral hazard?  Instead of giving newly printed money to those people who decide the inflation rate, give it to the people.  One way to do that is just give money for free according to what each person has according to their bank account, on the assumption that those with money have gotten that (hopefully) via moral means by actually contributing to the wealth of humanity.  This means that today, if they have the money to buy one lambo, tomorrow they have the money to buy two lambos.  Which is indistinguishable from, you know, not actually inflating the frigging currency in the first place.  So much work wasted on nothin'
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:54:54
1.  BIP91 locks in at 80% of bit4.  This has been locked in and activated, and will force activation of BIP141.
2.  BIP148 activates on August 1, 2017.  This has been activated, and will force activation of BIP141.
3.  BIP141 is now locked in.  It will activate and SegWit transactions become possible in  blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:47:17


Lightning Network software exists in the beta stage today.  Sorry but you'll need to ask their developers directly; not being a developer of LN node software, all I can tell you is that beta software exists now.  Maybe a month or two to release candidate, then LN deployment, which is difficult to plan for as a lot of people are doing a wait-and-see on LN and will not precommit.


My understanding is that SegWit2Mb was slightly different.  It proposed a weight limit of 2 million with only a 50% discount on witness data (2Mb data for purely legacy tx blocks, ~2.5Mb data for purely SegWit tx blocks); unlike true SegWit with a weight limit of 4 million and a 25% discount on witness data (1Mb data for purely legacy tx blocks (backwards compatibility softfork), ~2Mb data for purely SegWit tx blocks).  SegWit2x is a weight limit of 8 million and a 25% discount on witness data (2Mb data for purely legacy tx blocks, ~4Mb data for purely SegWit tx blocks).
In addition, my understanding was that the reaction to SegWit2Mb was mostly "no, don't do it", so if you're going to use that as basis for SegWit2x. well.


Because miners follow price and can;t actually lead the HODLERs off the HODLER's preferences.  See here: 
I know you've read that post above already, because you replied to it here:  


Before BCH some bugfixers do (and still claim to do) support 2x.  As to whether they split off or not, I think the fact that BCH has such a low price means they went crawling back to SegWit.
@_date: 2018-10-03 06:22:56


If you have no ability to pay a particular cost, then you are disqualified from participating.  Already a lot of people live in places where the electricity cost is too high, and have no ability to pay the cost of moving to a domain with lower electricity cost, causing a miner centralization effect.  Compounding miner centralization is something we want to avoid if at all possible.
The above tradeoff --- either sidechains are massively insecure, or non-sidechain-mining miners are squeezed out --- suggests to me that Drivechains is not a good system.  Notice how LN does not squeeze out any miners and has no tradeoff of being massively insecure (only tradeoff is a delay in getting your money back in the worst case), while providing a massive increase in effective transaction throughput: it's obvious that LN is much more worth the developer attention than Drivechains (my employee used to want to consider Drivechains, but after we discussed the various tradeoffs we decided to back LN instead).  The only other thing sidechains remain good for (which LN cannot provide) is experimentation of new blockchain constructs, which can be done using a privately-pegged blockchain like Elements, Liquid, or Rootstock currently are (indeed, Elements is where SegWit, signature-covers-value (which is now part of the SegWit sighash algo), and OP_CSV were prototyped).
I'd like to bring up too the notion that maybe we are a bit too obsessed with *blockchains*.  We know the characteristics of blockchains: they require the transmission of every transaction to everybody who uses the system.  Sidechains is basically putting a blockchain in your blockchain, without changing any tradeoffs, and forcing everybody in the sidechain to accept SPV-safety for their money.  At least LN changes things so that transmitting a transaction is limited only between payer, intermediaries, and payee.
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:07:33
1.  The block size will be increased.  SegWit did a block size increase on a softfork.  Hopefully further cleverness will allow us to have effective block size increase with a softfork again.  Hardforks are dangerous and are almost likely to lead to chainsplits from here on out; it is no longer the early days when Satoshi could post on bitcointalk.org and tell everyone to upgrade or else.
2.  Anyone can become a Lightning node.  That's decentralization at once.  Yes, as transaction fees increase, starting up a Lightning node is harder.  Compare that to the situation with mining; as difficulty and ASIC tech increases, starting up a Bitcoin mine is now much, much harder.
3.  Lightning uses onion routing.  A node can't censor easily because it can't be sure if it's censoring transactions in its blacklist or not.  Lightning is a privacy improvement compared to a blockchain, making centralized authorities less powerful.
@_date: 2018-10-15 08:54:34
Cons: federated by a centralized federation. "private" blockchain.  Lightning can be upgraded to eat its lunch (via atomic multipath(AMP) and lifting the channel size limit between individuals trusting each other without requiring trust from anyone else, also payment decorrelation to eat Liquid's confidential transactions. The RGB coin coloring protocol is planned to work with Lightning too, so there goes Liquid issued assets).
Pros: Lets Blockstream pay their Lightning Network developers in the meantime.
@_date: 2018-10-15 14:05:41
IN THEORY two exchanges could provide you with Liquid addresses for deposits.  Then when transferring from one to the other, instead of waiting on the average 10 minutes for a single confirmation, you only wait 2 minutes (and supposedly Liquid is less likely to be reorged so a 1-conf may be enough on Liquid where it would not be enough on the real Bitcoin chain).
Arbitrageurs (those taking advantage of price differences across exchanges) are more likely to appreciate this, transferring money quickly means getting better deals and earning more before the price difference collapses.  The rest of the world also benefits since any local oversupply or overdemand quickly gets fulfilled, improving price discovery across exchanges and granting more general price stability.
It is also completely supercedable by Lightning one day, since Lightning will allow larger transfers via AMP and in combination with fast finalization of payment will eat Liquid's lunch.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:15:37
Hashpower follows price.  We see this in GPU-mineable altcoins already: there are systems that automatically move your GPU mine to the altcoin with the best price/difficulty ratio.  It'll be the same with any SHA256 coin.  The difficulty ratio between any two SHA256 coins will follow the price ratio.
So the point is: why would one be valued more than the other?  I for one value BTC more because of its devteam.  That's why BCH is a dump for me.  SegWit is just a side effect of BTC's superior devteam.
@_date: 2017-08-29 12:55:24
Personally, blockstream satellite reaching my place.
MAST, sidechains, Schnorr.  Don't know if those will reach production this year, though.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:26:13
@_date: 2017-08-30 03:47:46
I'd suggest localbitcoins.com personally, especially if you are outside the USA.
Where are you, anyway?
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:25:08
LOL you're looking at it wrong.  When it goes up you think "wow I earned so much, good thing I bought several weeks before!".  When it goes down you think "wow it's so cheap, good thing I'm going to buy several more weeks from now!"
The whole point of DCA is managing the lousy human brain's emotional state in a reasonably cheap way.  If you're looking at the negative while Bitcoin's price is going up you're doing DCA wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:47:35
Not much I'm afraid; much of my knowledge involves reading through the LN specs and figuring out how it all plays out.
Specs: 
Also, the recent Flare paper includes some minor discussion about an older discussion on the lightning-dev mailinglist about overall network topology.
Flare: 
You could try reading through the lightning-dev archives; there are some discussions and some reasoned-through considerations about what will probably happen, but it'll be a slog with mixed quality of content.
Lightning-dev: 
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:50:01
Philippines.  My bandwidth is limited to 20Gb per month officially.  Actually it's 5Gb because the ISP throttles the Internet from 256 kb/s to 32kb/s when I reach 5Gb uplink+downlink.  I earn about $1500 per month after taxes, so that's $50 per diem.
Admittedly most people with my skills would rather go to a first world country with better Internet and get paid maybe 4 to 5 times what I make, but that just contributes to brain drain.
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:03:57
As I understand it, Electrum's plan at least is that either your wallet file is a completely pre-SegWit wallet, or your wallet file is completely SegWit.  Since SegWit features backwards compatibility in that a pre-SegWit wallet can "seamlessly" send to a SegWit address using a P2SH formulation, this is pretty much fine; you make a new set of 12 words for a post-SegWit wallet, open your old set of 12 words for pre-SegWit, then transfer from pre-SegWit using the P2SH compatibility address to your post-SegWit wallet.
@_date: 2017-08-27 09:27:37
Lightning is designed to be a lot more forgiving of non-consensus.  There's the "it's okay to be odd" rule, where you can request, but not demand, that a feature be used.
In the base Bitcoin layer, any non-consensus means you can't trade with them at all.
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:11:01
If J.P. Morgan Chase showed a separation between their developer's activities for the company and for the Bitcoin project, I'd be much more assuaged.
Blockstream hired its developers to develop Liquid.  It hired from a pool of Bitcoin developers.  It doesn't pay them directly for their work on bitcoin/bitcoin.  If J.P. Morgan hired developers and explicitly set them to work on bitcoin/bitcoin, I'd be a lot more concerned than if they just recruited in bitcoin-dev and  for devs with Bitcoin and blockchain development experience.
Gmax even got his commit rights to bitcoin/bitcoin removed as another proof of integrity.  That's very much more assuaging.
The main point person for getting things into bitcoin/bitcoin is Wladimir van der Laan.  Blockstream does not fund him and I'd be a lot more concerned if they did.
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:33:43
Emigrate here to the Philippines.  Bring with you a copy of the Bitcoin blockchain.  Then we can actually run fullnodes without breaking the ridiculous limits on bandwidth imposed by ISP's.
The Philippines is nice!  The current president is willing to turn a blind eye to policemen who slaughter drug pushers or drug addicts in raids.  If you're a foreigner you're likely to be kidnapped for ransom, or (if male) targeted by skanks who will do anything just to get up in life.  It rains hard for a few months in a year.  It also becomes very hot (like 37 celsius / 100 fahrenheit hot) for a few months in a year.  Goddamit, I'm not doing this right am I?
@_date: 2017-08-15 03:55:24
Stripped of all the gobbledygook, a smart contract is a program that decides how assets will be reassigned (i.e. how money will be spent) based on some conditions it is programmed with, and some input provided to it.
Every "Bitcoin address" starting with "1" is not some bank account, but a very simple smart contract.  Specifically: the smart contract knows a public key hash.  You need to provide a public key, and a signature from the private key of that public key.  The smart contract hashes the public key and compares it to its stored hash, then it checks if the signature is indeed from the private key matching the public key.  If so, you can spend the funds wherever.
More complex smart contracts exist.  For example a smart contract might require the signature of two out of two signatories.
Chains of transactions can be created, such that the overall behavior forms certain higher-order behavior.  WARNING: mind-bending ahead.
A chain of smart contracts might encode certain behaviors.  For example we can agree that both of us have money in a single place, and we can stipulate that the money will be released by a transaction that provides both our signatures.  However, before we even put the money in a single place, we both create contracts that let us recover our money in the amounts we put in, and require that both of us sign this contract, before we put our money in that single place.  After the recovery contracts are signed (so that we have a way to abort safely in case you are trying to cheat me or vice versa), we can then pool our money together.  Then we can update the recovery transactions to change the splitting of the money in the pool, in order to "virtually" transfer money from me to you or from you to me.  This is the basis of payment channels in the Lightning Network.
Actually, the recovery contracts are special, because they have a recovery timelock.  You might try to cheat me by using an obsolete but signed recovery contract.  To prevent cheating, the contract has a "punishment clause": if a certain secret number is revealed, then the money all goes to me (if a certain *other* secret number is revealed, then the money all goes to you; basically the construction is symmetrical).  Then to actually update the recovery transaction, we write a new recovery transaction with new secret numbers for the punishment clauses, then reveal the old secret numbers for the old recovery transactions.  The old recovery transaction then cannot be safely used by either of us, since we know the other side knows the secret numbers that enable the punishment clauses of the old recovery transaction.
(details fudged a bit; ask me if you need more detail, but then I'd need to know your background in general programming to help you)
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:34:40


Can confirm (3rd generation engineer).  Thank you to humanity for helping my grandfather, father, and me get laid.
@_date: 2017-08-14 00:08:13
Dinosaur steak!
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:50:44


None, but at least F2Pool is known to post random shit on twitter about what they'll do, then contradict themselves the next day.  That should give you a general idea of how reliable certain miners are about what they say they'll do and what they'll actually do.
And again, it's just signalling, not a precommitment.  If it's a precommitment, then either they follow through or they go out or business.  If it's not, they can always say later that they changed their mind.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:17:19
Yes.  If AstarJoe is buying tribal swag, he's sending a Bitcoin tx somehow (probably using his overpriced mobile Internet that the tribesman selling swag can't afford normally), and the tribe selling the gear can check the local chief's computer if the transaction was mined into a block (i.e. receive coins).
@_date: 2019-11-20 03:38:42
Can you provide details on your solution? If all that is necessary is making it easy for a new user, then any sufficiently-competent freelancer can probably make it for you and probably you can just look for somebody on any freelancer matchup site.  However, how sure are you that your solution actually is secure?  How do you ensure that a number of problems with it will not occur?  That's going to be a bit more difficult to get.
* If you generate *any* keys at all on a device that is online, how do you know a targeted malware that notices this software is running and inspects it is not running in parallel to the software?
* If you generate keys on a fresh boot from the USB flash drive that also ensures it cannot connect to the Internet (i.e. disables wifi and WLAN), how do you get sufficient entropy for the key?
* Do you use any form of Shamir's Secret Shitting-you-into-thinking-it's-easy-but-has-a-bunch-of-practical-problems?  Because if you do, you have one device that knows the original secret and the only safe thing to do to that device is:
  * Make sure it is not online when generating the original secret.
  * Generating the secret in a locked room without any windows inside a faraday cage and with electricity provided by your own hand-cranked generator inside the same locked room.
  * Burning the device after it provides all shares.
  * Exorcising any ghosts that may have embedded itself in the room after you burn the device.
  * Burning down the locked room afterwards just to be safe.
Can you provide a rough sketch of your solution just so we can try to poke holes at it, security-wise?
@_date: 2017-08-31 08:39:46
*shrug* human progress ftw
@_date: 2017-08-16 07:15:34
As a person in a third world country who does not wash my clothes in a sewage filled river, I can definitely say that (1) I can afford Bitcoin's $1 tx fees, because that's like, $1, it's just the price of my daily commute, and I intend to use BTC for large purchases, not coffee, and (2) third world countries are not as poor as you might imagine, may be reasonably well off, but have utterly lousy governments and local services and a lot less concern about life and safety.
For reference, I am middle-class here, and I earn about $1500/mo after taxes, so about $50/day.  Sure, $1 is going to be a big bite of that, but I don't expect to spend BTC every day; maybe once a week for groceries.  If LN gets deployed properly I can use that for my daily commute and lunch and stuff, if it delivers on its promise of lower fees.
I work in a knowledge industry, and knowledge is transferable wherever because Internet.  I'm hired because I can do the job an American programmer will ask 5x the salary for, and I can do so because food is cheap here.  What I don't get is decent Internet.  I have a 20Gb monthly allowance, which isn't actually 20Gb because at about 5Gb the ISP starts throttling our Internet down to 1/8 its usual speed (32kb/s vs 256kb/s).  I can shitpost on Reddit, but videos and long gifs take a lot of time to load.  Considering that a month of 1Mb blocks is about 4Gb, Blockstream is targeting people like me.
@_date: 2017-08-08 07:06:50


In the long run, all of us are dead.
If BTC keeps increasing in price relative to BCH, then the day when miners will prefer to mine BCH due to difficulty difference will simply keep being moved back.
It's not much difference between starting without any specific mining hardware and some money, then deciding whether to buy a Litecoin miner or a Bitcoin miner, versus starting with mining hardware for a SHA256 coin and deciding whether to mine BTC or BCH.
Consider that for GPU mining, there are tools for GPU mining that automatically select the most cost-efficient GPU-mineable coin based on current coin pricing and difficulty.  The same can be created for SHA256 coins BTC and BCH.  Then miners will follow price and settle on having similar difficulty for all chains.
There's also an analysis somewhere about altcoins and how messing with the difficulty-adjustment schedule and algorithm leads to unexpected second-order effects and instability but I'm too lazy to go find it (and I'm at work so I really shouldn't be posting on Reddit).
@_date: 2017-08-30 04:04:29
Before we can continue this thread: Terran or not?
@_date: 2017-08-19 11:44:14
Go make a pull request to the btc1/bitcoin repository then.  With tests, please.  Yes it's "EASY to solve" but please, we are talking abut literally billions of dollars of value here.
@_date: 2017-08-08 01:06:19
Just be careful, some printers have built-in long term storage that stores images for no good reason, if someone gets access to your printer they might come across printed wallet images.
I think I'd rather just *write down* manually, because printing a few paper wallets makes me paranoid enough to consider burning the printer I'm printing on.  Or maybe just print a few hundred paper wallets then burn the printer.  Hmm....
@_date: 2017-08-26 06:21:34
But then our own transactions won't confirm quickly.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:43:02
Better to run Ubuntu off a flash drive with the Internet disconnected.
You can download the bitcoinpaperwallet.com webpage that actually generates the wallet and save it on disk.  Ubuntu can still read your normal disk although it might call it via some strange name.  Boot up disconnected, do not reconnect until you turn off the computer again.
@_date: 2017-08-06 14:09:05
Lots of us won't care. Central authorities are powerful and mere human organisms will abuse any power they can leverage for their own benefit. There's a reason it is so hard to spread changes to a decentralized network. It reduces power that human organisms can apply to the system.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:41:14
@_date: 2017-08-29 09:48:53
1.  Exchange liquidity (the exchange might not actually own enough Bitcoins for your purchase).
2.  Anti-Money Laundering, because you might be laundering through the exchange using a temporary, illegally-acquired identity (which could take some time for a government bureaucracy to detect), hence limits to what a new account can buy/sell until your account is old enough that the exchange thinks you're not a temporary, illegally-acquired identity.
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:54:29
The paper is mostly bunk IMO. Sidechains will be "just" extra space per block in practice, and locked to each sidechain (hurting fungibility on unpopular sidechains). Still, a capacity increase is a capacity increase and sidechains let those with less security  need to accept other security models.
In Lightning, each node on each end of one channel needs to keep track of only the transactions on the channel, and don't need to send this data to anyone else. This is an immediate scaling (and privacy!) win compared to a blockchain, which requires everyone to see your transactions. Putting transactions on the block chain is needed only to enter or leave the network, or to claim damages if someone tries to cheat. The improved privacy also means greater fungibility. Payment routes require contacting everyone on the route with anion routed messages, but once the route is done each node only needs to keep track of only whether it gets to claim funds if the downstream tries to claim from them (and because it is onion routed each node is unsure just how near or far they are from the payor or payee).
@_date: 2017-08-01 23:11:26
I suppose.  FlexTrans requires another hardfork in, but if Bitcoin Cash keeps its small community while somehow managing to fix the [bugs in FlexTrans]( it's a possibility.
But I suggest that most of the BCH community want "on-chain scaling" and will be opposed to LN in principle, and that will weaken the possibility that BCH will successfully fix and deploy FlexTrans.
@_date: 2017-08-08 03:34:04
Yah I don't know why idiot engineers running BorgstreamAXANorthCorea keep on and on about real-world limits like light-speed-limit and encoding entropy when it's obvious that we need larger blocks to achieve this dream I had last night. /s
@_date: 2017-08-07 11:00:07
Yes they'll grow less fast, but they won't reduce in size.  Once a blockchain is 150Gb, it will be at least 150Gb forever even if tomorrow everyone stops mining it.
Basically only MimbleWimble-type "blockchains" scale in a good way - the only data of the past you need to store is the coinbase/peg-ins and all UTXO's (flipping the chain, i.e. committing to UTXO set instead of transaction merkle tree in the headers, would be similar but it's not certain yet if that's possible).  Sure the coinbase will grow indefinitely, but it would be possible for the number of UTXO's to go down in consolidating transactions, which a chain might incentivize by giving transaction fee discounts.
@_date: 2017-08-16 07:16:21
Satellite blockchain means PR stunt and Bitcoin boost.  Blockstream's real investment is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:00:52
Better to use an assurance contract.  A miner votes for a new target size by sending their coinbase to a special scriptPubKey voting for that size.  IF a specific minimum number of coinbases vote for that address, their UTXO becomes unspendable forever (i.e. burned), to compensate the hodlers running full nodes (it transfers value in proportion to hodlings).  If the proposal times out, then the miners can spend from those UTXO's as normal.
@_date: 2017-08-31 10:49:25
Spending from a Legacy address will require a higher fee than spending from a SegWit address.
For a long-term hodl, the difference may be negligible if you are buying once.  If you will do multiple buys and transfer to your long-term storage, the fees to spend the accumulated coins again will grow and increase the benefit of SegWit over Legacy.
The risk is that whatever software you are using might not have implemented SegWit addresses correctly yet.  Please pay attention to any warnings that the software developer has about their SegWit support.  SegWit has been in development for a long time so it is unlikely you will have trouble, but it is for you to judge how much risk is fine with you.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:32:26
It's not implemented in most GUI's yet.  I personally am waiting for Electrum to release SegWit support, then move my funds and start up the funds allocated for my kids' for long-term HODLING.
Still, you can probably expect big users like exchanges and suchlike to prioritize use of SegWit on their backends.
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:18:40
Ah OK... could you inform me what the competing approach is and what factors each is better/worse at?
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:44:51
Which problem?  UTXO commitments?  That needs a softfork to require an additional field for the UTXO commitment.  DHT?  That doesn't need a softfork as it is not a consensus layer thing, it'll be network layer, but someone has to iron out the details and likely there will be another nerd war about which DHT solution is best.
@_date: 2017-08-13 23:55:07
That won't actually help. The dust needs to be paid to a Schnorr address, not the current ECDSA address. Even with Schnorr deployed OP can't spend by Schnorr, need to spend by ECDSA.
@_date: 2017-08-30 02:51:57
Channels can only be 167.77215mBTC maximum total owned by both ends.
Payments are 42.94967295mBTC maximum (payments are denominated to millisatoshi or 1/1000 of a satoshi).
Both are defined by the protocol as of Lightning BOLT v1.0
@_date: 2019-11-14 07:40:46
Yes.  It is a simple matter of brute fact that centralization, including such centralized custodial escrows (issuing agents for pegged coins), is inevitably more efficient for current environments than decentralization.  Decentralization has an advantage only when environments change swiftly (with decentralization, not all relevant important entities are likely to be negatively affected by fast environment changes).
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:09:29
@_date: 2017-08-12 08:23:54
Not all the world is USA.  11 million millionaires is just the USA.
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:19:37
Extortion, mostly.  The patent office is severely incompetent at their work, which is basically to check every existing invention in the world to ensure that the patented idea hasn't been done before.  This is of course a massively impossible task.  So after checking a few basic things about a patent, they'll flip a coin and if it comes up tails, they approve the patent.
Now if the patent owner sues somebody, that somebody can look for an invention that was created before the patent date and show it to the court (i.e. prior art).  However, going through courts means paying lawyers to make abstruse lawyerly claims, court appointments, and so on.  The entity being sued might just decide that going through all that trouble isn't really worth it and just pay up.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:32:50


There are countries (mine, for instance) where a 20Gb monthly bandwidth cap costs $40/month.  At that, I need 6 months to start up a new full node (I don't have one yet, because of the aforementioned bandwidth cap), without downloading anything else like cute cat pictures (in practice, it will probably take a year to download the entire blockchain at my current bandwidth limit, with me probably deliberately throttling the fullnode's usable bandwidth).
While a Raspberry Pi of those specs can be bought at $50 online, the bribes in local places to get my Raspberry Pi through customs will probably be around $20-&gt;$40, plus transport fees of maybe $10 or so.  Granted I could probably have it sent to a contact point in the USA and ask someone who sometimes visits the USA to fetch it so you can ignore this.
Local power is about 0.20 USD / kwh, so your quoted 100kwh for 5 years is just 20 USD, the difference is still pretty small compared to the bandwidth cap costs locally.
@_date: 2018-10-25 08:22:54


Think about this a little more.  Does it matter which one has the highest chance of becoming the longest chain?  If you end up the first to find the next block on top of that, then you've made the longest chain by yourself, regardless of which of the same-height chains you picked.  If you didn't get the next block, then it doesn't matter that you picked the "winner", because your work will never be recorded anyway because you didn't get the next block.  So it doesn't matter.  First one seen is sufficient.
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:04:04
He can go ahead and do so.  I doubt even their stupid code will not be able to reach the high quality LOC's Core can put out.
@_date: 2017-08-03 23:53:14


Probably not.  This is why we need sidechains and trustless pegs.
@_date: 2017-08-16 15:53:44
Proof-of-developer-work.  How often does the code get updated to fix bugs and add more features?
@_date: 2017-08-01 23:35:38
For what it's worth, one can view an LN payment channel as a bank serving exactly two customers (the two nodes on both ends of the channel).  And the LN node can serve as an exchange between the cash issued by different banks(payment channels).  So if Alice wants to pay Charlie via Bob, it's really that Alice is using the Alice/Bob bank to pay Bob, while Bob acts as an exchange between the Alice/Bob bank and the Bob/Charlie bank.
Lightning also ensures that the money is 100% backed on the chain.  The fact that Alice and Bob are the two signatories on the bank(payment channel) means that Alice has veto rights on the bank's activity, so one can even consider the payment channel/bank as a strong federation serving only two customers, with both customers knowing that they are 50% of the federation (unlike "real" federations, where you need some out-of-band method to ensure that the other "members" of the federation are not trivial sybil nodes).  One can thus argue that Lightning is like federated pegs with lots of tiny "sidechain"-like things which don't actually have chains, but nevertheless process monetary transactions.
On-chain can never be truly scalable.  It's the endlessly-growing ledger thing that hurts.
@_date: 2017-08-25 05:53:15
What? Discreet log contracts is about making binary options and possibly other options (with difficulty it would be possible to make something which pays out similarly to an American option, for example).  It doesn't need SegWit but it vitally needs Schnorr, and Schnorr is still under development because nobody was doing research on Schnorr because of the fucking patent that only expired 8 years ago.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:12:09
Overt ASICBOOST is still a real energy saver, but the problem with overt is that it's overt and ASICBOOST is patented, so anyone could potentially look over blocks, track down overt ASICBOOST users, and inform the ASICBOOST owner who to sue.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:03:31


Well, that's the problem.  Either you look at the fundamentals and learn the dev teams and the technology behind each coin, or you look at technicals and pray you've spotted a pattern that nobody else in the world hasn't noticed (hint: you're not unique).
Below is my fundamental analysis (make your own: don't trust, verify!):
Bitcoin is a good investment because the technology behind it is solid, the network effects it has are very powerful compared to every other alt (only Ethereum comes close in network and it's a distant 2nd, and the technology of Ethereum is relatively bunk - smart contracts can enforce escrow safely, but can't enforce debt safely; Turing completeness increases the attack surface for hackers, but one can argue that many interesting contracts don't need Turing completeness).  Bitcoin's devteam, Core, contains very smart people (Pieter Wullie/sipa, Gregory Maxwell/gmax/nullc, Luke Dash Jr/luke-jr who is frikkin insane but somehow manages to be very smart and capable; Peter Todd/petertodd; and many others I probably forgot names of); Ethereum also has some smart people developing it (Vitalik Buterin), but I think Bitcoin has more talent behind it.  Litecoin has good devs too (Charlie Lee/satoshilite, shaolinfry) but its tech is strictly derivative of Bitcoin and it has weaker network effect than Bitcoin or Ethereum.  An interesting new blockchain tech (which has no coin yet, as it is planned to eventually sidechain Bitcoin onto it) is MimbleWimble/Grin; the tech is pretty awesome and over a few years/decades it will require less total storage space than any other blockchain of similar age (for reference, 8 years of Bitcoin has created 120Gb of data; a similar age for MimbleWimble/Grin is expected to be half that and growing much more slowly than Bitcoin grows now); it has good devs (Andrew Poelstra/andytoshi, "Ignotus Peverell"/ignopeverell, "Tom Elvis Jedusor" who is a Satoshi-like figure that's disappeared), but no real coin and thus isn't really a network yet.  Then there's IOTA and ByteCoin, which have an interesting new technology with blockless blockchains, but I haven't investigated this in detail and it might actually be broken I think.
For technical analysis (ha!):
People are stupid and sometimes pump-and-dump schemes occur on altcoins to take advantage of idiots.  You could buy small amounts of a randomly selected set of altcoins (forget about doing fundamental analysis on them), try to detect pump schemes and exit the pumping altcoin on its rising edge, settling them back into Bitcoin or some other preferred main coin.  If you've distributed across 10 altcoins and one of them pumps 10x, you could exit that altcoin and every other altcoin and have earned a small premium from this.  Timing this "correctly" is difficult though and requires discipline (no offense, but you might not have the discipline to do so - I don't, which is why I prefer fundamental analysis and a passive buy and hold strategy).
@_date: 2017-08-04 23:11:26
Just don't put them all in one place like that guy who put his SSD, his USB backup, and his paper of words in one place and managed to burn all three.
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:40:42
It's Hal Finney, who is now in cold storage with all of his funds in a secure brainwallet.
@_date: 2017-08-20 08:54:10


No.  The problem is more subtle.  [Induced demand]( implies that if blocks are larger, people will make lots of little on-chain transactions until the fees rise enough that low-value transactions are priced out anyway.  Thus the best way to improve transaction fees is not to increase block size (= increase road width) but instead to encourage transaction aggregation via technology like Lightning (= encourage use of buses and public utility vehicles).
Increasing the block size increases the costs on the network for all network participants, while only miners earn more money from the increased block size.  At the same time, it won't reduce transaction fees because of induced demand for transaction space.
@_date: 2017-08-07 00:57:55
Then put all of it in Bitcoin, if you can afford to lose it.  You might be able to buy more than just a new car.
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:11:18
Clearing of off-chain transactions is always between you and one counterparty who is no more powerful than you are.  Since there's only the two of you in a 2-of-2 multisig, you have veto over what happens to your money (and your counterparty has the same control).  Initially the two of you split up the channel funds according to how much each of you put in, then to change anything requires both of you to sign off (for example, to transfer your funds to your counterparty).  So if your counterparty tries to defraud you, you get veto rights to prevent that.  If you try to defraud your counterparty, your counterparty has veto rights to prevent that.  It's only if both of you agree to abide by the same set of rules that both of you sign off on any change in the channel state.
(the above is a massive oversimplification)
@_date: 2017-08-10 22:39:34


The payment would just take another route.  Brute force trial and error is a simple and elegant algorithm.


The answer is somewhat technical.  You'll need to understand first that payments are initially HTLC's that may be claimed or refused.  When an HTLC is claimed, the final payee endpoint must provide a preimage to the HTLC chain, which can then be used to finally transfer outright the money.  A LN payment is considered complete when the HTLC reaches the final payee. (I'm hoping here that you go research HTLCs (hashed timelocked contracts) and how they're used in LN yourself).
I assume you mean what if it failed while the transactions are still HTLC's and not yet given the preimage that unlocks the hashlock.  Your node has a published "maximum downtime" commitment (if you don't want to commit to a maximum downtime, you can't route and you can't earn by routing, but you can still send and receive).  That's factored into the timelock of the HTLC.
For the simple case where the payer is directly channeled to you, and the payee is also directly channeled, and HTLCs are offered but the preimage hasn't reached you yet, then the channel remains as HTLC's rather than downright payments.  The payer and payee can wait until you get back online, and since they are directly connected to you, they can check if you respond to the preimage (payee) or if you're not providing the preimage (payer).  If they notice you're persistently down, they can close the channels to you, the payee claims the HTLC by broadcasting the preimage on the blockchain, and when you get back online within the maximum downtime commitment, you can see the preimage on the blockchain and claim the HTLC from the payer.
Since longer routes are just chains of payer-&gt;router-&gt;payee, the above exception handling is done at whatever routing node fails along a longer route.
A payment is considered successful as soon as an HTLC reaches the final payee, so as long as you managed to deliver an HTLC downstream the payment is likely to get delivered.  If you delivered the HTLC downstream and another downstream hops fails at the same time, well as long as the final payee is unable to get the HTLC it can't provide the preimage and you can't claim upstream HTLC as long as the downstream HTLC is unclaimed (and if the final payee never got to claim the HTLC then the downstream HTLC can't be claimed, whether you are online or offline)..
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:18:00
LOL.  Always thought it was something about the planetary gear shift. \^\^
@_date: 2017-08-30 10:05:23
SegWit is already 2Mb.  Be patient.  There are technical details you have no idea of, and you are not in a state to listen to it, and blaming us for reality is not going to make us want to work faster especially since you're not paying us anyway.
@_date: 2017-08-08 09:15:30
Correction upward after the hard fork specter was dispelled.
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:09:36


Because there's a transaction publicly written on the blockchain, stored forever, that those coins now go to a new address, which is very likely controlled by someone who owns one or more of the old addresses, or someone he/she has traded with.
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:03:45
Unfortunately a lightspeed increase will also increase the rate at which gray goo micromachines colonize the galaxy you will eventually evolve in, so the lightspeed limit has to stay in order for your species to actually evolve sentience and eventually invent Bitcoin.
Increasing lightspeed will just make you into GrayGoo 2.0, there would be no point.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:12:19
Can't get LN without SegWit, how you gonna atomic swap BCH?
@_date: 2017-08-07 00:51:08
P2WPKH (SegWit addresses) use the same public key and hash as P2PKH, so you can get the public key hash of a non-SegWit address and pay to it on a SegWit UTXO.
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:12:14
Ethereum's blockchain growth is more than 10x the Bitcoin blockchain growth; it may very well collapse from its own blockchain weight.
Not to mention that the principle of least power in network systems design means it is safer to program in a limited smart contract language like Bitcoin's than in Ethereum's.  TheDAO is an example.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:47:42


The problem is not the increase.  The problem is the network.


That's the point.  It's the upgrade part that's going to be painful.  Even SegWit took 2 years from being released after a year of testing.  A hardfork in 3 months is not doable, simply because there will be clients stuck on the first &gt;1Mb block.  Then you have some miners blindly mining away and creating another chain on the 1x side of the network rather than the 2x side (yes, miners have done this before).  Now you have a 2x chain and a 1x chain, possibly with comparable hashpower behind them.  That's why 3 months is not possible to do safely.  6 months, possibly.
Then there's other networks you might not have heard about.  FIBRE, for example, is used by miners all over the world to relay blocks, and only relay blocks; it's not the normal Bitcon network, which is less efficient than FIBRE at block sending (FIBRE uses forward error correction and sizes it packets as close to the MTU packet limit as it dares; no need to reply with a "yes I got the last 1000 bytes of the block, proceed with the next 1000 bytes of the block", it just streams block data continuously and hopes that the FEC coding is enough to handle data corruption and packet loss).  It needed to be upgraded recently to handle the possibility of a 2x fork going wrong (the technical details escape me but basically it's the possibility that users run non-btc1 while miners run btc1 that could break the btc1 code in surprising ways - see, this is why we don't deploy hardforks on short schedules), and the guy running it for free (Matt Corallo/TheBlueMatt) now needs to keep an eye on it in November.
The Bitcoin network is built on a lot of complex tech that's not even obvious even after you grok blockchains, and it's not easy to hardfork.
@_date: 2019-03-14 09:11:26
We aren't at any version yet.  Current work is being done to maybe stabilize it enough to get a rough 1.0 (which may or may not be tagged as such).  There's a rough consensus as to what will be "1.1" and what will be "1.0", but it's only a rough consensus.
You can get multipath payments (or multipart payments: there's some disagreement among implementations about how exactly to implement this, with lnd strongly insisting that "their way" be named "AMP" and every other way be named something that isn't "AMP") sooner than 1.1 gets solidified: proposals for how to do AMP are already in flight, and probably there may be implementations that start working on those proposals, and if enough implementations start agreeing to unify their work, then it'll get proposed for standardization.
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:28:11
Hodlers are the economic majority.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:59:52
Nice try redefining words that have been fixed by societal consensus, genius (IDIOT)!
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:30:14
Current designs seem pretty trustless. Watchtowers won't learn private keys or their derivations, they get only presigned txes. They also won't even know which channel they are watvhing for, unless a breach tx (revoked/old commitment tx) appears onchain (basically each revoked tx's txid is given, attached to an encrypted blob; the blob's decryption key is some data on the revoked tx, which cannot be derived from the txid since the txud is effectively a hash).
The only thing you need to trust is that the watchtower is watching the blockchain for revoked txes. This can be incentivized by offerring a bounty to the watchtower in the encrypted blob.
***NOTE*** The linked pull request seems to be incomplete, more of data structures to represent the messages between users and watchtowers, not any watchtower logic yet.
@_date: 2019-03-20 08:46:22
Even Visa is not one step.  First you have to fill up some forms, present some identification, send them to the bank, then wait some time (a week is usual) to be mailed your card. Then you have to sign it and usually call some bank phone number to enable the card before you first use it.
All the "setting up presteps" can be made easier than the Visa setting up presteps, and once you have been set up, spending is easy.
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:20:50


It's not a fullnode anymore if it's doing SPV at all.  Even UTXO commitments can't do what MimbleWimble does; somebody has to go check that the UTXO set being committed to is actually correct, and you have to trust that somebody to d oso (MimbleWimble makes it that UTXO set commitments can't be constructed without participation of every UTXO owner, so you can trustlessly rely on that).


Total cost of usage of the entire system is approximately the same whether or not individual transaction fees are higher or lower.  With transaction fees paying for most of the infrastructure, the cost is distributed, and thus control over the financial system is distributed.  Either you make individual transaction fees cheaper and certain groups who've positioned themselves carefully get more power by making it harder to challenge them, or you make individual transaction fees more expensive and prevent such positioning by spreading the cost out.




I'm comparing them to fiat systems.  In order to make a fiat system work, you need to make coins and bills hard to counterfeit but cheap (for you) to make.  That puts a lot of controlling power in a few entities.  In many countries that's a single bank that gets to make the "real" coins and bills (in HK it's a few major banks).  Making stuff hard to counterfeit but cheap to make isn't easy and of course fiat makers are going to require certain powers - in particular, the power to inflate - in order to even exist.  Fiat users are often not consciously aware that the fiat makers can drain them of value very easily before they can react to it and sell their fiat.  High transaction fees, being in-your-face, at least make you aware of the cost.




Wrong.  A transaction has to be settled by sending 150 bytes of data across thousands of fullnodes.  Each of those fullnodes has to verify that transaction is valid for itself, because don't trust, verify.  Then those fullnodes connected to miners pass them to the miner, which has to sort transactions according to how much they'll earn if they include it (that's not a simple sort according to fee rate either: think about CPFP).  Then the miners need to grind nonces, usually by hiring grinders.  After one lucky miners gets a block, the block is once more propagated to all the fullnodes, each of which again needs to verify the entire block.  That includes the transaction: it needs to be verified *again*, a second time (just in case the fullnode was not able to receive it the first time it was broadcast before it got mined; merely checking if the fullnode has seen it already requires some verification work).  Then fullnodes need to store it forever.
Now compare that to your 100kb of data that requires little to no processing, sent to only a single user.  That's chump change compared to the number of times a Bitcoin transaction needs to be sent over the entire network.
As for wire transfers, that's fiat for you.


(1) International - okay, I neglected that (2) Deflationary - blockchains (the topic being discussed in this sentence) are not necessarily deflationary, xref. Ethereum (3) Pseudonymous - not an advantage, the whole thing is public and there are already data mining companies analyzing it; at this point you're just being lulled into a false sense of security if you think "Pseudonymous" is an advantage (4) Un-freezable - private keys can be and have been stolen, miners can collude to make certain transactions impractical, etc.


Note that you may also need to factor in cost of setting up, which I think you are forgetting.  I've pointed out several times to you that in some places (like the fucking Republic of the fucking Philippines) it will take months to download the current blockchain as-is unless you're willing to pay premiums on a good Internet connection.
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:39:12


What you're feeling right now is called HODL.  It is recommended that you drink some whiskey with an "e" in the name.
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:19:51
Lightning magic cross-chain transfer - Level 2 Spell
This spell sacrifices your power in one chain in order to gain additional power in another chain.
Requires cooperation of another Lightning user who wants to make the opposite sacrifice.
Different chains may have different power/token ratios.  The amount of power is expected to be the same, modulo some inevitable loss in the transfer, but chain volatility may affect the power/token ratio and effectively increase or decrease the effective power you control in the chain. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 11:53:29
Think of it as someone giving away stuff for free, with the condition that you get 1BCH for 1 BTC you hodl.
@_date: 2017-08-07 01:54:37
If the choice is between dying of starvation and spending less than 1% of my hodlings a year, I'd be willing to spend. That's the point. You can't eat money. So you spend it and earn more. That is more than enough to drive some resources towards food procurement. Want a cellphone? You can buy one now and actually get to play with it for $xx, or you can hodl your $xx and get a better one with more megapixels and megabytes and megawhatevers next year.
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:07:57
Hey!  I'm not a criminal!
Does that mean I'm an immature kid??  OH NOSE WHERE'S MY ROLLERCOASTERGUY
@_date: 2017-08-07 01:47:45
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:18:36
Hacking the blockchain would require hashpower equivalent to the existing hashpower in the entire world.  That's somewhere between 6,000,000 and 7,000,000 Terahashes per second (Tera=1,000,000,000,000).  For reference, a $9000 Antminer S9 hardware has 14 Terahashes, so you need half a million units, so about $4.5 Billion, just for the hardware.  Now you have to actually run the hardware for some time, costing electricity.  And you need to keep the units cool so they can run at 14 Terahashes.  You need to be connected on the Internet, and you need to use the FIBRE network to relay blocks.  And so on.
In short: no individual can hack the blockchain, and the coordination costs (you can't just buy halff a million AntMiners, Bitmain will run out of stock) will be enormous.
@_date: 2017-08-23 07:23:03
That said, not having to go through the trouble of coin splitting is still better.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:02:23


It won't.  They dynamics that played out before are likely to occur again in a different form.  Force increase in memory bandwidth?  Then ASICs will be invented with 512-bit memory buses, 5 layers of cache, and highly pipelined memory access.  Generic processors will still suffer relative to ASICs because of a very important fact: flexibility slows things down.
Preventing ASIC centralization by PoW change requires PoW change to be instituted every few months, or at least once a year.  That ensures generic, reprogrammable processors will always have an advantage over fixed-function ASIC's.  It still does not ensure that FPGA's won't eat the lunch of generic reprogrammable processors (but at least FPGA's are a little bit more outsourceable than fixed-function SHA256 ASIC's)
Now you need a language to describe the latest PoW algorithm, and you need some automated way by which some non-mining contingent (and who can prove that some "non-miner" is not a sockpuppet of some "miner"? Crypto allows proof of equivalence but not proof of non-equivalence) can define the next PoW algorithm, using some algorithm that requires external oracles, so that the algorithm-selection-algorithm itself cannot be gamed towards pre-designed ASIC's.
Are you even aware that a "simple" PoW change is like a "simple" block size increase, and is just a can-kick?
@_date: 2018-10-23 07:14:53
The "Trusted" in TEE is the main problem.  LN is much more trustless and does not require trusting in some execution environment running correctly.
@_date: 2018-10-14 08:53:37
Remember to keep your Doritos off the table. Not your dip, not your chips.
@_date: 2017-08-23 07:05:36


LOL.  You really want Bitcoin to die don't you?
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:30:58
3.... addresses are the "compatibility" mode of SegWit: basically any legacy client can send to SegWit, and any SegWit client can send to legacy client.
When implemented fully, SegWit to SegWit client sends can be done with either legacy 3... addresses or with the new bc1q... addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:14:09


1.  The small newcomer node may have lower routing fees.
2.  The small newcomer node may be the only useable route to or from some niche businesses, or may *be* a niche business you happen to personally want to patronize.
Basically, every extra channel you can fund is a channel you can use in case one of your direct counterparties fails, and your risks tend to be pretty low for each channel.  In fact, risk is absent if you only ever use your own LN node for sending and never for receiving or routing, and it is also absent if you can keep downtime (number of days offline) below some precomitted schedule.  If so you can afford to make channels to whoever, which have high likelihood of being useable for routing, and increases your chance of getting lower fees.  You'd want to have as many channels open as you can afford to keep open.
@_date: 2017-08-17 09:46:28
Above is my main reference.  A bit old though.
The rest is mostly the word of Core.  Again, I'd trust Core over random Internet stranger.  You could try asking politely at bitcoin-dev or  for why they think a "simple" block size increase is premature at this point.
@_date: 2018-10-19 05:36:10
Most people report that it costs more to operate a small LN node than they earn, so at least for now, no.  Joinmarket may be higher.
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:19:23
*shrug* so why not Lightning?  The current limits on channel size and payment size are just conventions imposed by software -- the protocol itself allocates fields that are large enough to transfer 21million bitcoins if needed.  Even software that imposes the spec-mandated max-channel-size will gossip channels that exceed the max-channel-size.  Arbitrageurs and exchanges wanting to enable arbitrageurs can arrange to ignore these conventions when connecting to one another, then their channels can have enough capacity for most small-wave arbitrage opportunities which are going to be their bread-and-butter anyway.  You get faster payment finalization (measurable in milliseconds!!!).  Their channels can be used as "fast lanes" for normal LN micropayments during calm periods when there are no arbitrage opportunities.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-08-14 23:08:49
Bad argument. Investing in wooden ships would have gotten you a tidy income until it didn't.
A better argument would be to point out that this is new tech with a good cautious dev team., that this is just the start of mainstream adoption. But not "it's worked out so far".
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:23:13
@_date: 2018-10-22 03:11:15
lnd, c-lightning, or eclair can support many channels.  Hardware-wise I believe a mere RaspPi can handle many channel already (but don't ask me for an exact number), or maybe an ordinary desktop computer can handle enough.  I suspect you'll run out of BTC earlier than reach practical HW limits.
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:15:13
First, set an amount of fiat and a regular repetition time to buy.  For example $40 every 2 weeks.  Buy that amount of bitcoin on that repetition time.  Do this for 1 or 2 years or more.  Wait until a big pump, then judge whether to retire early or keep working.  Use BTC to fund the rest of your life.
@_date: 2017-08-25 06:36:15
This is no longer strictly true.  The value is now a 64-bit unsigned integer.  The limit is still kept by requiring that for BTC, the upper 32-bits must be 0; for LTC and others, there is no such limitation.
In the future, support for greater than 42.94967295 mBTC can be done by defining a "large amounts" feature bit and setting that bit.
So largely it's still there to limit the money put at risk in case of bugs.
There's a similar limit for the initial opening transaction.  It's a 24-bit number denominated in satoshi, hence only up to 167.77216mBTC per channel, although again it's actually a 64-bit number with the upper 40-bits required to be 0.
@_date: 2017-08-29 05:24:12
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:41:23
Relevant LOL: 
@_date: 2017-08-07 03:09:25
You have a very poor understanding of Bitcoin, as mentioned before.
Each "coin" (really a UTXO or Unspent Transaction Output) has an identifier (a txid and output index) and `scriptPubKey` which tells how to spend it.  Usually `scriptPubKey` is one of a few "standrd transaction" scripts.  When 1.0BTC of money goes into a standard Bitcoin P2PKH address (you know, one of those addresses that start at 1, like 1F951XqUNi5TwkmMiFpmuNQVDn1aFTqQw2), what happens is that a UTXO is created that has the denomination 1.0BTC (really 10,000,000 satoshi) and a P2PKH `scriptPubKey` encoding the Bitcoin address 1F951XqUNi5TwkmMiFpmuNQVDn1aFTqQw2.
Now suppose you want to "split" that 1.0BTC UTXO into a 0.6 BTC and a 0.3999 BTC coin (with the 0.0001 BTC going to fees).  You create a transaction referring to the 1.0BTC UTXO, and that transaction has two outputs: one with denomination 0.6 BTC and whatever `scriptPubKey` you want to pay that to, and another with denomination 0.3999 BTC and some `scriptPubKey` you want to pay to.  This effectively destroys an old "coin" and creates two new "coins" in its place.  Destroying and creating coins has some cost, and that's what you pay for as transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:44:37
Core devs? Luke Dash Jr at least participated during the P2SH rollout, which is consensus change and was a softfork; he objected to it btw but it's now part of consensus LOL. Pieter Wullie conceptualuzed SegWit, bundling a malleability bugfix with a  blocksize increase in a softfork; this is another consensus layer change. Some of the other Core devs have participated in previous consensus changes before, but I don't know the details.
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:00:58
Tekdemon is being false here:


This is not our goal.  This is an inevitability, as I've described in one of my other threads to you.  Increasing block size (the common "solution" to the rising fees) imposes costs elsewhere in places you may not be aware of; among them, it makes the cost of starting a new full node higher, and it makes the cost of starting a new mining effort higher.  This simply re-centralizes the monetary system, this time around entities that can afford to run a full node and/or invest in a competitive mine.
Bitcoin is a revolution.  But the goal is not "welcome the new boss, same as the old boss".  What we want is to keep full nodes affordable, so that after the old boss of the financial system is deposed, there can be no new boss.
That requires nodes to be cheap, and for people who use the financial system to pay for the financial system.  If not, then the financial system will make you pay for the financial system in ways you are not aware of (xref. central banks taxing you via inflation).  The fees are an obvious problem precisely because they're obvious.  Apparently people are finding the mere ability to transact worth paying for.  It's better to have the price of that ability explicit so that you, yes ***you*** dear user, know about it and can plan for it.
Blockchains are not efficient technologies for transferring value.  Their advantage, simply, is decentralization.  If we sacrifice decentralization, then there's no point to using a blockchain.  Use an SQL database on PayPal.  Blockchains are not magic.  They are technology, and they have pros and cons.  Their pro is decentralization.  Their con is that they consume resources to extend, and they will grow larger forever.  Understand, we are trying to balance many things (this is true of any technology; Bitcoin is not magic), and consider the costs of every decision that strives to go towards reduced fees.
@_date: 2017-08-24 11:07:22
Then the USA starts chasing after Lightning Node operators because of their inane Money Service Bullshit, Anti-Market Logic, Know You're Cheated laws.
But yeah atomic swap is cool, too bad it isn't in Lightning BOLT v1.0 yet.
@_date: 2018-10-17 06:33:41
But Lightning is vaporware /s
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:42:51


The paper analyzes effect of block size on fullnode count.  It never studied the BIP100 system.  Thus its BIP100 endorsement is speculation on the author's part.
@_date: 2017-08-13 07:33:56
This is quite true. I feel plenty lucky I got in when I did. I don't get paid minimum wage here (I'm pretty highly paid for my local job) but the btc price already exceeds my monthly pay greatly.
@_date: 2018-10-09 12:07:07
Before mining was transferred to specially-optimized software (cgminer) yes, the Bitcoin implementation had mining software.  As time passed and people moved Bitcoin mining to GPUs, then FPGAs and finally ASICs, the Bitcoin mining implementation was removed, since people were still quixotically trying to mine using the unoptimized mining software.
@_date: 2017-08-08 03:23:55


Yes, the term is called "escrow".  So you escrow/lock the funds into the payment channel.  The escrow service is the blockchain itself, with release of the escrow funds specified in other branches of the script, with the escrow service releasing the funds after a timeout specified by `nLockTime`.
The "Yours" network uses locktimed transactions for the payment channels directly.  Basically the sender provides a timelocked transaction, then to send on-channel creates another timelocked transaction with a higher value to the receiver.  "Yours" channels are unidirectional.
LN uses a more complex construction, but locktimed transactions are used to assure delivery of routed funds as well as to prevent fraud of bidirectional channels (the one performing a unilateral close has his/her funds locktimed, and if the closing transaction is an old channel state whose hashlock has been published, then the cheated side can claim the funds using the hashlock).
@_date: 2018-10-14 07:31:37
6k usd is low??
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:42:24
No, not as long as the BTC/BCH rate is sufficiently high.  Like I said, the difficulty ratio of difficulty[BTC]/difficulty[BCH] will eventually settle to the price ratio BTC/BCH.  Difficulty is a long term measure of how many miners are on a chain.  So saying that difficulty goes down is also saying that miners are leaving it alone.  Again, consider GPU miners choosing to mine alts.  They follow the price.  ASIC miners will choose to mine BTC or BCH based ultimately on BTC and BCH price.  BTC's Core developers just need to work much better than BCH's.
@_date: 2017-08-06 05:27:54
The major blocker I think is the security requirements. Any substantial hodlings should have private keys offline, either hardware or paper wallet. Never leave coins on an exchange or you will get goxxed/btc-e'd. And so on.
I suspect we'll get mass adoption once a bitcoin bank exists to hand-hold people who can't be bothered to keep their Windows boxes up to date.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:37:32
Barry Silbert.
@_date: 2017-08-17 01:33:11
Not immediately.  This is a global network without a central planner calling the shots.  Expect some changes to be gradual and slow.  Coinbase is known for hedging its fees upwards for any transfers.  Many other exchanges have more reasonable fees.
In addition, increased adoption will inevitably lead to increased fee rates.  This is simply not fixable with blockchain technology as it is now.  Sea changes in the protocol will be needed but figuring out how to deploy them while retaining compatibility with older protocol is difficult and requires time and a lot of nerd fighting. If you want things to move faster, go donate to Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:05:31
8mb blocks found every 2 hours vs 1Mb blocks found every 10 minutes, bring it on.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:11:44
The "rc" in the version means it's "release candidate".  0.15.x hasn't been released yet, hence only "release candidate" status.
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:58:24
The paper is mostly bunk IMO. Sidechains will be "just" extra space per block in practice, and locked to each sidechain (hurting fungibility on unpopular sidechains). Still, a capacity increase is a capacity increase and sidechains let those with less security  need to accept other security models.
In Lightning, each node on each end of one channel needs to keep track of only the transactions on the channel, and don't need to send this data to anyone else. This is an immediate scaling (and privacy!) win compared to a blockchain, which requires everyone to see your transactions. Putting transactions on the block chain is needed only to enter or leave the network, or to claim damages if someone tries to cheat. The improved privacy also means greater fungibility. Payment routes require contacting everyone on the route with anion routed messages, but once the route is done each node only needs to keep track of only whether it gets to claim funds if the downstream tries to claim from them (and because it is onion routed each node is unsure just how near or far they are from the payor or payee).
@_date: 2018-10-07 05:52:04
In discussions with my employed LN developer, he pointed out that the LN hop payment protocol is just a composable ZKCP. The same protocol could be trivially extended by the below:
1. Payee encrypts some valuable data with a random symmetric encryption. Encryption key should be 256 bit.
2. Payee sends encrypted data to payer.
3. Payee offers an invoice with the preimage being the encryption key. Provide ZK proofs that the data was encrypted with that key and that key is the preimage of the invoice hash.
4. Payer pays to invoice, getting the invoice preimage, which is the encryption key to the valuable data.
5. Payer decrypts the data.
This was actually inspired by WannaCry, since the major issue in usability there was that there was no assurance you would get the decryption key if you paid.
@_date: 2017-08-25 10:52:11
There are still places (Philippines) where Internet is too expensive for ordinary middle-class people to run their own fullnodes.
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:15:17
"Atomic" in this case means "not cuttable".  It means it's impossible for you to start handing over the BTC, then for transactions to be "cut" and suddenly you've lost the BTC without receiving the LTC you wanted.
It's value is basically saying that it's safe and trustless, compared to arbitrated cross-chain swaps (where both of you hand over your respective coins, then the third party/arbiter ensures the exchange completes) like Poloniex.
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:34:47
Yes. Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-08-30 08:06:57
Such a thing can be generated by trying out and repeatedly generating private keys until the public key hash, SegWit script hash starts with SegwitPie.
That's what's called a "VanityGen"
@_date: 2017-08-21 08:52:34
And you think they won't switch back to BTC if that is where value is retained?
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:49:44


I personally believe that it is precisely the severity of the scaling war that is the reason that Satoshi, if he is still alive/not in cold storage (Hal Finney), will keep his identity secret.
It would utterly devastate the "wrong" side, and there may be significant risk to Satoshi personally if he revealed himself and his preferences.
@_date: 2017-08-29 12:28:46


At the Interplanetary level, we can build a "slow" blockchain with long block times (measured in dozens of hours) and large blocks (Gigabytes or more), make it a sidechain of the Earth chain, and allow peg-ins/outs to planetary blockchains with more "normal" parameters (minutes between blocks measured in Mbs).  Then Lightning-based cross-chain swaps would be possible between planets, which would be limited by the speed-of-light.  This should be slightly safer, as local Lightning nodes can settle on local chains without being hurt by speed-of-light limits (which could cut into the HTLC time margins).
At the Interstellar level, presumably we would first solve speed-of-light limits.  Alternatively, for sleeper colonization (i.e. we send out colony ships with suspended people/embryos to other stars at sub-lightspeed) the colony ship might create a one-way-peg (i.e. burn coins on the Earth blockchain) to a local colony-level chain that backs the colonist's economy.  I honestly don't know how to handle cross-chain atomic swaps when the chains takes years to send messages.  It may be doable, but you gotta wonder what the colonists can send back in exchange for funds...
@_date: 2018-10-25 22:28:37
From what I can tell, this is only data structures to represent the wire protocol, and not actual integration of watchtowers into lnd yet.  There's earlier pull request from July that adds the encryption and decryption of the blob, this adds the messages of how a watchtower and its user interacts.
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:54:19
The paper is mostly bunk IMO. Sidechains will be "just" extra space per block in practice, and locked to each sidechain (hurting fungibility on unpopular sidechains). Still, a capacity increase is a capacity increase and sidechains let those with less security  need to accept other security models.
In Lightning, each node on each end of one channel needs to keep track of only the transactions on the channel, and don't need to send this data to anyone else. This is an immediate scaling (and privacy!) win compared to a blockchain, which requires everyone to see your transactions. Putting transactions on the block chain is needed only to enter or leave the network, or to claim damages if someone tries to cheat. The improved privacy also means greater fungibility. Payment routes require contacting everyone on the route with anion routed messages, but once the route is done each node only needs to keep track of only whether it gets to claim funds if the downstream tries to claim from them (and because it is onion routed each node is unsure just how near or far they are from the payor or payee).
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:39:42
This.  That's why some places have a cash discount instead of a credit surcharge, even though those are equivalent mathematically.  Whoever thought up the law that makes applying credit surcharges illegal but allows cash discounts was an asshole genius: human beings are going to be pissed at credit surcharges but go meh and forgo cash discounts.
@_date: 2017-08-29 07:54:10
Sigh.  The fiat bank system involves fractional reserve.  In this system, the bank pretends you own $100, but in fact it only has $10 and has lent out $90 to various other investors.  This is bad as it artificially inflates the monetary supply, artificially lowering the value of fiat.
In LN, the reserve on the channel is not fractional.  If you have 100 mBTC on a channel, your counterparty can't turn around and lend out 90 mBTC on that channel.  The funds are on that channel and that channel alone.  The two of you form a "strong federation"; both of you can either agree on how the funds are allocated or reallocated, or both of you can agree to disagree and get the previously-agreed allocation of funds out of the common fund; and you, being half of the majority, have a controlling interest in the how the fund operates.  The thing about LN, which makes it a network, is that people can serve as exchanges between multiple different strong federations.  That's all that routing really is: exchanges between different strong federations.
LN can be considered to be equivalent to multiple federated sidechains: one sidechain for each channel.  The two nodes on both ends of a channel are the federation that controls that specific sidechain. Nodes operate as exchanges between the different sidechains; this is LN routing.  The sidechains aren't even blockchains, because the two operators of each sidechain are the only ones who need to control, or be aware of, the sidechain.


Sigh.  Stop thinking, for a moment, that the people making LN are stupid.  You think that, as per "sounds as stupid as creating money out of thin air aka bank credit".  Do you think we won't notice such a thing happening in the future, and ourselves clamor for some way to reduce opening and closing fees?  Or better yet: do you think we (the people who are making LN) won't find some other way to make opening and closing fees even cheaper, by techniques like MAST or Schnorr?  Do you think we are blind?  What have ***you*** done, to make Bitcoin actually workable?
@_date: 2018-10-05 05:36:25
What is the purpose of the impulse to avenge?  Why would such a circuit arise within the brain, a piece of hardware that already consumes a sizable fraction of the human body's glucose supply, where every little circuit must have its existence justified lest it bring its user to extinction?
In Game Theory, the Iterated Prisoner's Dilemma will be dominated by those who execute Tit-For-Tat strategies, i.e. I'll cooperate by default, and if you cooperated before, I'll cooperate again, else if you defected before, I'll defect.  In variants of this game where there is a random chance that a cooperate will be transmitted as a defect (i.e. misunderstandings) Two-Tits-For-a-Tat (i.e. I'll let one defection pass, but two will make me defect) dominates.
The vengeance circuit simply implements a simple Tit-For-Tat, and the subsequent forgiveness circuit modifies that basic strategy to Two-Tits-For-A-Tat.
It's not about getting their money back.  It's about proper implementation of Game Theoretic strategies.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:41:19
Roughly, you will want to stick with the best devs.  That means Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2018-10-07 22:10:35
Fun fact: anything you can do in a hardfork, [you can do in a softfork](
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:38:03
There are two types of fees: a constant fee for all transactions, and a proportional fee.  Every LN node publishes their own fee (a constant fee and a proportional fee).  When your own node makes a payment, it looks for routes, ranks them according to total fees paid to the nodes on the route, then tries each route, with the lowest fee route first, until payment succeeds.
As a central node, you can set high fees but that will lower the priority of routes passing through your node.  If you're the only one servicing particular nodes, however, you can set fees arbitrarily (i.e. a monopoly condition).  Those nodes, however, are then incentivized to create channels going to nodes that aren't so expensive.  Thus, market competition, and the relative ease of setting up and maintaining an LN node compared to a mining rig, is expected to drive fees down.
@_date: 2017-08-08 08:34:23
This actually protects btc1 nodes.  Without it, btc1 nodes may find themselves in a sea of core nodes, unable to find other btc1 nodes.
By forcing btc1 nodes off, core-0.15 nodes will start forcing the btc1 nodes to find other btc1 nodes well before the hardfork date.
Otherwise btc1 nodes with high hashpower may find themselves creating many small chain splits instead.
Core is so awesome, they can go help their competitors and their competitors will still lose.
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:40:02
Putting transactions on the mempool with very low tx fees encourages others to make non-low tx fees.
In practice, during high load, block space allocation becomes an auction: people bidding high fee rates get the block space, everyone else who bids below some minimum fee rate won't get into a block.
Now, in real auctions, the auction-runners can plant people whose only purpose is to bid higher, so that "real" bidders are forced to bid higher to get the item being sold.  The planted people don't even need to actually own any money, because their goal is not to win the auction, their goal is to force real bidders to pay higher - they'll lose the auction and not actually need to pay for anything.
Similarly, in the block space auction, it would be possible to spam low-fee transactions in the mempools.  When the mempools become large enough that blocks won't fit the entire mempool, those low-fee transactions are not confirmed.  They are now in the position of planted auction-bidders who are doomed to lose the auction and will not actually pay their fees.  But legitimate transactors (i.e. real bidders) need to increase their fees (i.e. increase their bid for block space) in order to get confirmations (i.e. win the bid).
The key insight here is that once enough low-fee transactions have been planted, all of them will not need to pay.  Thus there is a minimum amount of money that needs to be invested into low-fee transactions to spam the network, proportional to the block size.  But once that that minimum is achieved, blocks will be full regardless of blocksize.  Doubling the blocksize doubles the required investment but once any single miner or group thereof collects that amount (and since they literally mint the money, that's not really hard to do) then blocks will get full regardless of block size.  So larger blocks will be just a temporary respite, and just kicks the can down the road slightly.
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:56:08
Listen to this Bitcoin Expert everyone.
Miners have a say in softfork conditions only.  That's because old nodes will get pulled in if &gt;50% miners follow the softfork.  Conversely, the network will not see the softfork if &gt;50% miners refuse the softfork.
In hardfork conditions, 90%+ miners can leave, and none of the old nodes will get pulled into following the hardfork.
Old node users who refuse the hardfork can sell the hardforked chain.  Since the hardforked chain has hashpower and therefore blocks, it's easier to sell the hardforked chain, and its supply is greater because more blocks with new coinbases come into play.  Old node users who refuse the hardfork can keep hodling their non-hardfork coins - the lack of mining hashpower in the non-hardfork chain is not going to be a problem at all (the coins aren't going to be moved anyway0.  Eventually the miners will run out of operating capital and be forced to mine a chain with actual value.
@_date: 2017-08-14 15:32:34
The first confirmation is the slowest, except under reorg conditions.  In usual case, after the first confirmation, you'll get additional confirmations about every 10 minutes.
@_date: 2018-10-16 23:39:08
I think you want bounds at both ends, not just "after" a given time.  This is more precise and lets future users usefully refer to your "something" as being a moment of time that is bounded.  It's always possible to use the genesis block, but all you get is a something that is known to have been created between 9 years ago and now, which is a long time.
Many picture and movie formats have some informational fields, you could embed the blockid in that.
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:53:26


It enables Lightning Network and TumbleBit, which are likely to add horsepower to the moon rockets.  Note that Lightning Network and TumbleBit will require their own deployments at some later date, and are probably not going to be deployed on the exact day that SegWit activates completely.
SegWit will also slowly let block sizes increase as people start porting their current UTXO's to SegWit UTXO's, so there's a slight improvement in transaction rate.
@_date: 2017-08-13 22:52:22
Iota uses a DAG than a blockchain. The size of the relevant data will be larger due to the mining nonce and commitments to 2 previous transactions. It's fee free for now but you need to still mine your own transaction (i.e. spend electricty). If you have enough hashpower you can double spend and there are no easy guidelines like btc's 6 confirmations; because there are no blocks miners aren't really competing with each other as I understand it.
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:31:58
Not exactly. The signatures (more than a hundred bytes for each UTXO) are considered 1/4 of their size (they still contribute to the size, just at 1/4 the usual).  It's still a discount, and it still reduces SegWit tx fees relative to non-SegWit.
Specifically, the signature discount applies to all spends of SegWit outputs, and it's theoretically possible for a transaction to spend SegWit and non-SegWit coins.
@_date: 2018-10-15 02:02:43
And you can watch for that old state and take the other party's entire stake in the channel.  Punitive branch.  No rational counterparty would even bother to try unless they took you out of commission permanently, which is a larger bar to achieve.
@_date: 2017-08-09 20:03:55


This is no longer true. The whole point of switching from working without SegWit to requiring SegWit is to be able to not use `nLockTime`, removing channel lifetime limits.  With SegWit, the funding transaction is signed before the closing transactions are; this is not possible without SegWit.  It also allows the funding transaction output to use a standard 2-of-2 multisig; without SegWit you'd use a CheckLockTimeVerify on the funding transaction output to enforce `nLockTime` on the closing transactions, and add a channel lifetime.
The whole point of requiring SegWit was to remove this limitation.
Without channel lifetime limitation, by the time miner fees increase, we can have a Lightning Network where merchants get paid on Lightning, merchants pay their employees and subcontractors on Lightning, and you are somebody's employee or subcontractor buying stuff on Lightning.  That's why there are bidirectional channels.  The cost to close a channel and reopen one would roughly be like somebody not paying you and you suing them over it, and cheap at $10.
@_date: 2017-08-04 22:53:50
There's at least one world where that is exactly how it works.
@_date: 2017-08-29 07:37:01
Closing a channel is one of two things:
1.  Unilateral close.  One side is online and closes the channel.  The one closing the channel needs to wait out a predetermined timeout before they can recover their funds.
2.  Bilateral close.  Both sides need to be online and willing to close the channel.  Both sides can recover their funds immediately.  This is indistinguishable from a 2-of-2 UTXO spend, improving LN privacy.
You perform a unilateral close if (1) the other side is offline and you think the other side will never come back online or (2) the other side refuses to cooperate with a bilateral close.
Note that importantly, you *can't* close if you lose Internet connectivity or your phone dies.  The channel remains open by default.  The other side can close on you if the other side thinks you will never come back online (in which case as soon as you come back online you can see the situation and your app will recover the funds as on-chain funds that it can put in another channel or send to an on-chain receiver).
(as a unilateral close is simply sending a transaction on-chain, this can be done using send-by-SMS, but you need to somehow retain access to the transaction data, so if your phone dies, how do you get the transaction data in the first place? if it's a connectivity loss, though, it could be done by send-by-SMS, if and when that becomes implemented).
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:02:05
Yes, but from my understanding of the math, it would work (if it didn't work, Schnorr signatures wouldn't work either).  I could be wrong though \^\^.
Still, it would be possible to implement using just the hash preimage thing, with a timelock in case the oracle gets disappeared.  HTLC's ftw!
The big advantage of discreet log contracts is that the contracts on-chain look like Lightning Network channels being opened/closed, which helps privacy and increases both LN and DLC anonymity sets.
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:53:50


Even if you're starving to death, you're not going to spend BTC on food?
If you're bored to death, you're not going to spend BTC on games/entertainment?
Dead, insane people can't use their money.
@_date: 2017-08-02 01:09:06
Don't bother mining.  You are likely to have better return on investment buying fractions of bitcoins outright than mining, unless you can get really cheap electricity.
@_date: 2018-10-07 01:49:27
Anyone-can-spend is a hook for future functionality.  For instance a script of `10000 OP_NOP2` could have been spent at any time, before BIP65.  After BIP65, however, it has been redefined to mean "can be spent after block 10,000 only".
Anyone-can-spend is always a possibility.  For instance, suppose one were to invent a cryptocurrency which only allowed a 1-of-1 singlesig. No SCRIPT, no `OP_NOP` opcodes, no treating of non-zero values as true.  On the face of it, it seems impossible to extend in the future, right?  But it's always possible to create an anyone-can-spend in this cryptocurrency: just generate a random private-public keypair and **publish it to everyone**.  Any payments to that address are now anyone-can-spend, which can now be used to extend that cryptocurrency.  And since it's possible to create derived child keys from any private-public keypair, it's possible to embed information there: *which* child you select in the derivation contains the information you want to add to this basic singlesig cryptocurrency, probably referring or committing to some data in an extension block.
Anyone-can-spend is simply the most natural place to hook future functionality to, so idiots focusing on it are just being idiots.
@_date: 2018-10-05 23:39:28
Yes, but the Bitcoin software has various heuristics to detect malicious  behavior and will ban/ignore peers that send messages that waste bandwidth without providing data.
The worst a bad dnsseeder can do is deny you access to the network entirely, which at least is detectable since your sync would be stuck at genesis.  You could then find some semitrusted peers by other methods (e.g. other dnsseeder), trusting them only to the extent that they don't waste your bandwidth, not correctness of chain.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:28:21
While I'm vaguely interested, I think any system that wants to get rid of KYC/AML requirements would need to be decentralized.  Even if you operate outside of USA, always remember that the USA military operates outside of USA too. xref btc-e
If you want to make this happen, you need a decentralized system so that you can get that big bulls-eye on your back off you.
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:40:04
It was an attempt to unify two groups, one wanting larger blocks, and one wanting bugfixes to bitcoin. Both groups want lower fees, the larger block group by reducing onchain fees, the bugfix group by fixing the malleability bug to make offchain transactions safe.
Neither group is happy with this attempt. For one, important members of the bugfix group (Core engineers who make the bitcoin reference client) were not given a chance to comment on technical details and deployment schedules before the agreement was fiinalized. For another, the increase is only 2x, when many largeblockers were talking 8x or more.
Largeblockers have split off to bcash with its 8x increase, so many bugfixers consider 2x to be pointless, as the increase was supposed to keep the largeblockers around anyway.
@_date: 2019-11-24 02:38:46


[This was the first objection to Bitcoin](  Blockchains cannot scale, due precisely to the need to transmit all transactions globally to all fullnodes.  And fullnodes cannot validate the important properties of Bitcoin (no double spends, no non-consensual inflation) unless they get all transactions.
The strategy of limiting the transaction rate at the *blockchain* level and moving typical transactions to higher layers is, and *has always been*, the intended strategy.  [Bitcoin's `nSequence` was intended for something that today we would call a payment channel]( though `nSequence` was buggy and we have since repurposed the field.  For reference, `nSequence` has been around since [BitCoin v0.01 Alpha](
Limiting transaction rate ensures that fullnodes can be easily operated, thus ensuring that rules cannot be changed without massive consensus.  But now you need a non-blockchain method of scaling, thus payment channel networks.
Bitcoin has failed, only in the sense that its original implementation has failed to stand up to today's demands.  That's why we changed it.


That's *publicly visible* capacity; many services and LN nodes nowadays default to giving unpublished channels, and unverified claims exist which state that people have been moving capacity from published to unpublished channels (and that the overall capacity might be larger today).  Personally I think [unpublished channels have[bad privacy characteristics]( but using them is becoming more popular now.


People need to survive every day.  Try starting not to eat for a few days, or drinking water.  Thus, people are obligated to consume.
It is actually immaterial whether you use dollars or BTC to pay for your food.  If instead of eating today you used your dollars to buy MOAR BITCOIN, then you'd get even more value in the future because of the deflation.  Unfortunately you'd be dead because you can't.  Thus, in terms of economics, BTC and fiat are interchangeable precisely because you can exchange one for the other.  "store of value", "unit of account", etc. are user-level terms.  In terms of sheer economics all there is, is the allocation of energy towards certain uses that humans consider "valuable".
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:57:47
In the future, it would be possible to top-up a channel (i.e. withdraw or add funds as long as you are within channel limit) without even closing it.  Requires an on-chain transaction, but as long as the first funding transaction has been confirmed with enough depth, the top-up transaction can be kept in the Bitcoin mempool indefinitely (without double-spend risk too: the anchoring transaction's output is a 2-of-2 multisig, with both ends of the channel being the two signatories, so it would require one end to be willing to let themselves be cheated in order to allow the other end to double-spend).  You might very well transfer funds in and out of channels at low priority, with the top-up transaction "floating" in the mempool until the next time the mempool drops.
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:03:22
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:31:06
A lightning node host.  You trust the host with your money (the same way you currently have to trust BitPay or Coinbase) then send over Lightning with them.  No need to worry about proper server setup and etc etc.
Proof of solvency is good too.
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:23:44
First, transactions will be cheaper only if you are spending SegWit outputs.  Thus, first you need SegWit outputs that will be cheaper to spend.
Secondly, Lightning and TumbleBit still need to be deployed, which will allow economic activity for more, smaller transactions to be done off-chain.
In fact, it is unlikely you'll see cheaper on-chain transactions, ever, unless Bitcoin becomes unpopular.  As long as Bitcoin remains popular, it will have high on-chain transaction fees, due to induced demand, regardless of technological advancement: not even a hardfork that risks centralizing the network and choking FIBRE can keep transaction fees low.




@_date: 2017-08-13 08:14:51
Please don't die. Right now you just lost $500 and all the future potential earnings of 0.5BTC. Your life is much more precious and valuable than that.
@_date: 2017-08-11 03:28:50
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:29:04


BCH doesn't do it; it simply does not have the transaction rate and the miners that BTC has.  In addition, BCH mining is practically centralized already, so no, it's already failed even without achieving the transaction rate BTC has.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:00:34
It also has the advantage of one of the biggest collection of expert cryptographers and cypherpunks developing it.
The base Bitcoin network will be a store of value.  Lightning on top will be a payment system.
@_date: 2017-08-28 11:23:29
To answer the question, the 2x fork may turn out to be too much too soon. Better to see effects of SegWit for a while and consider if we need (and can afford) a 4x or more, or if we can get away with a 17% per year increase, and so on.
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:32:56
It will be a price that would be inconceivable now but would seem inevitable on January 3 2018.
@_date: 2017-08-04 02:53:00
Every second spent checking is a second not mining.  It's why we get empty blocks that are found in seconds after previous blocks: the miner didn't even get the previous block, they just built  on top of the most recent block header.  Since they haven't seen the previous block and verified it, they don't know what transactions are already in it, so they create an empty block (empty except for coinbase) so that they won't accidentally include a transaction in a block already mined but they haven't received.
It's all about transmission latency, which is limited by speed-of-light.  Larger blocks, larger transmission latency, more empty blocks after large blocks, which reduces the effective average throughput (you won't get a straight 2x average throughput increase from a 2x size increase) while increasing worst-case network load (network load is a definite 2x increase with a 2x size increase).  In the future we *may* be able to get improvements in coding theory so that we can squeeze even more bits through optical fibers, and that's already considered in the proposal as part of the XX%/year increase.
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:03:39
Really, the whole thing is rather ironic and shows that people thinking that hash rate can push a hardfork don't really know how the entire system works.
Hash rate can push a softfork down the throats of nodes, because nodes that haven't upgraded will see the softfork as valid.  Miner votes get counted if they vote for the softfork or not, and the losers lose money but the miners who side with the softfork earn money.
Hash rate cannot push a hardfork down the throats of nodes.  Nodes that haven't upgraded will see the hardfork as invalid blocks.  It's like the miners are voting, but the vote they register is for a candidate that's not even on the list of candidates.  So their votes are just wasted, because the vote counters (nodes) will ignore their votes, and it would look exactly like miners voted "abstain".  Hardforks do not give miners power, *unlike softforks*, and anyone who tries to convince you otherwise is trying to leverage the miner's power in softforks to make you give up your power in hardforks.
Let's go into this further.  Let's say you have a typical Bitcoin HODLER.  And you have a typical Bitcoin miner.
The Bitcoin HODLER just sits on his coins.  If he's smart he invested money he can afford to lose.
The Bitcoin miner is operating a shoestring business.  He has to pay for electricity, Internet connectivity, keeping his hardware up to date.
Fork happens, and the HODLER wants 1x while the miner wants 2x.
The HODLER releases his 2x coins on the market, increasing supply and reducing price.  The miner's new mined supply is lower in value.
The HODLER doesn't care that the 1x coin has no hashrate.  He's HODLING, not moving coins on the 1x chain.  Having high 2x hash rate means he can sell his 2x coins faster (xref BCH price drops each time a block could be found on BCH chain).
The miner's making 2x coins but not 1x coins.  The 2x coins devalue because of the higher supply, both in the fact that the miner is mining 2x coins and the HODLER is selling them.  The 1x coins increase in value because there's less of it (no miner's mining them) and the HODLER is keeping his 1x coins.
(remember that our HODLER was smart and invested money he can afford to lose, so it also doesn't matter that 1x coins are having a lack of utility.  If the HODLER is HODLING because he belives in the *future* utility of the 1x chain, because Core has frigging Pieter Wullie, he'll value it even with a temporary loss of utility.)
The HODLER can afford to lose money in the short run; it's money he can afford to lose.  The miner can't, because he has to pay bills to support his mining operation.  Who do you think can outlast the other in this situation?
@_date: 2019-11-26 08:32:08
Um.  Games are basically simplified models of reality that fit our brain's limited cognitive engines very well?  WTF?
@_date: 2017-08-08 03:28:51
Larger blocks, more transactions, more transaction fees.
The problem is that only miners benefit from earning more on transaction fees, while everyone else running a full node (or wanting to start running a full node) is penalized by the larger blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-07 12:55:26
In a new blockchain; MimbleWimble requires sacrificing full SCRIPT functionality in exchange for using Pederson commitments, making it fundamentally incompatible with current Bitcoin blockchain.
That said, the plan is to eventually deploy a pegged sidechain with MimbleWimble functionality.
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:54:22
The paper is mostly bunk IMO. Sidechains will be "just" extra space per block in practice, and locked to each sidechain (hurting fungibility on unpopular sidechains). Still, a capacity increase is a capacity increase and sidechains let those with less security  need to accept other security models.
In Lightning, each node on each end of one channel needs to keep track of only the transactions on the channel, and don't need to send this data to anyone else. This is an immediate scaling (and privacy!) win compared to a blockchain, which requires everyone to see your transactions. Putting transactions on the block chain is needed only to enter or leave the network, or to claim damages if someone tries to cheat. The improved privacy also means greater fungibility. Payment routes require contacting everyone on the route with anion routed messages, but once the route is done each node only needs to keep track of only whether it gets to claim funds if the downstream tries to claim from them (and because it is onion routed each node is unsure just how near or far they are from the payor or payee).
@_date: 2017-08-07 01:04:45
You fire up an LN implementation, make channels to whoever, and use it to pay.
~~Eclair~~ (some implementation I forgot the name of) implementation is cellphone based and is pay-only (can't be used to receive by Lightning, and also can't be used to route (routing requires reciving and sending, oviously), and routing is how you earn fees on LN).  By my memory I think it's also fixed to make channels only with ~~Eclair~~ (some implementation I forgot the name of) implementor's node, which is centralizing but incentivizes the implementors.
@_date: 2019-11-25 23:13:00
Quantum computers are not magical "everything can be broken" hardware.  They're hardware with specific strengths and even greater weaknesses, like high power consumption due to requiring very specific environmental conditions to be measurable. For reference, for *mining*, you want the best hash-per-watt ratio, meaning you want low power devices.
Quantum computers are bad at hashing, good at breaking *some kinds of*  public keys and deriving their private keys (specifically they are good at factoring and the discrete log algorithm, the difficulty of the latter is what we depend upon to secure pubkeys currently).  For reference, new public-private cryptography is already currently being developed that even quantum computers cannot break (with the drawback of either having humongous pubkeys, or humongous signatures, and with the loss of linearity that lets us do nice things in Schnorr signatures, viz. Taproot and MuSig).  It's far more likely that we'll increase block sizes, not to increase transaction rate, but to switch to post-quantum signing algorithms.  It's doable, not something that will permanently kill Bitcoin.
On the other hand, MimbleWimble, and possibly Monero, depend on the discrete log being difficult for their implementation of how values are balanced (i.e. ensuring inputs == outputs and nobody inflates money supply other than miners).  They have to since they need to keep values secret.  Those will be fundamentally broken post-quantum, with no way to transfer to post-quantum algorithms (since their entire schtick is not revealing the values of transactions ever, and moving from the current algorithm to a hypothetical post-quantum one (which does not exist yet for value hiding, unlike for pubkey/privkey signing) would require that you could provably reveal your money source).
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:19:15
Don't worry, the Blockstream satellites will shoot down the moon pieces with the awesome power of the blockchain before they reach Earth.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:29:31
The long run plan is that this will be a sidechain.  The chain itself will support multiple asset types, so if other coins gain sidechain support, it could be a sidechain to those coins too.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:17:40
You won't be able to spend from the software wallet, BTW, if it's watching-only.  If you're doing a fiat cost average, you might sometimes want to "consolidate" your UTXO's by sending the money to yourself during times when tx fees are low.
An even better option would be a hardware wallet, like a Trezor or Ledger or KeepKey.  Note however that good brand new ones (and you really don't want to get a secondhand hardware wallet) are 0.024BTC or thereabouts (including shipping), so if you don't own much larger than that yet, they may not be practical for you.
@_date: 2018-10-15 04:00:38
Bitfinex "BTC/USD" is actually "BTC/USDT" pair, so there's that.
@_date: 2017-08-09 06:12:13
faster ECDSA signing, Schnorr, MAST, LN rollout, Drivechains, UTXO commitments.
Time frames?  Don't know.  You may need to summon actual devs.  Like this: u/luke-jr u/nullc .
@_date: 2018-10-15 09:12:30
Nothing that Lightning won't eventually do better:
1.  Large, fast transfers?  Lift the channel size limit and implement atomic multipath.
2.  Confidential transactions?  Lightning payment decorrelation and source-decided onion routing.
3.  Issued assets?  RGB coin coloring protocol is considering interoperation with Lightning.
@_date: 2018-10-02 21:52:18
Then have you considered asking why none of the Core devs supported 2X (it's not politics --- if there were a good technical reason to support 2X then the politicking around 2X would have been unnecessary)? Or why a minimal increase already visible in SegWit usage is sufficient over the next year or two, with the further adoption of SegWit being a further buffer for a year or so after that?
@_date: 2017-08-30 02:50:06
As jazzyjaffa belatedly realized, channels can be easily rebalanced by sending to yourself.
Plus if you allow your node to be used for routing (which would net you a small income), and publish the employer channel on the network, then the employer channel's state is not indicative of your spending, as other people's spending may pass through your node.
There's a reason why the network is designed as a network.  It offers more privacy than base Bitcoin ever can.
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:30:22
Blockchain growth will in practice be the real limit.  It's why MimbleWimble is being worked on, and why Bitcoin's devs are studying rolling UTXO sets, to eventually have UTXO commitments so that Bitcoin blockchain initial sync can be reduced.
Lightning helps scaling because there is no need to record every transaction on the immutable append-only log.  It is also more scalable since every additional Lightning node increases the LN transaction capacity, which is not true for traditional blockchains (unless sharding of some sort gets implemented, but the details of cross-shard trades become more similar to a Lightning-like network, so maybe something like an LN is really the way forward).
There's also still the problem of too much functionality in Ethereum leading to bugs like the TheDAO hack.  Overall I think Ethereum's mistake is supporting a full Turing machine when limited machines (total machines for example) might be more appropriate, safer, and just as practically functional.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:19:41
I personally would like to retire in a similar time frame (i.e. 5-&gt;7 years) although I personally am nowhere near as old as your father is.
For that, I set up a fiat cost average, and also put a recent windfall back when it was much less than the current peak.
For a 5-&gt;7 year time horizon, it's likely to increase quite well.  However, he should still diversify and put some amount in more "standard" investments such as bonds and stocks.
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:14:01
No. Block chains are immutable ledgers and every transaction is stored ***forever***.
@_date: 2019-11-14 07:09:14
Exchanging pegged coins for banking-based fiat still requires tr\*st in whoever is maintaining the peg.  That's not much better than a centralized exchange (xref Tether).  The best you can do when interacting with the "real world" is to have an escrow (which is just an oracle on the real world).
@_date: 2017-08-07 05:32:49
Fold, put in ziploc bag, put in fireproof safe.  Protected against light, fire, and moisture indefinitely.
@_date: 2017-08-24 07:24:39
Pre-SegWit there are two main kinds of addresses:
1.  P2PKH (1xxxxxx)
2.  P2SH (3xxxxxxx)
In SegWit, there are now four more types:
1.  P2WPKH (bc1qw......)
2.  P2WSH (bc1qr.....)
3.  P2SH-P2WPKH (3xxxxx - there's an equivalent bc1qw.... for this)
4.  P2SH-P2WSH (3xxxxx - there an equivalent bc1qr..... for this)
The P2SH-P2WPKH and P2SH-P2WSH are for backwards compatibility: completely non-SegWit wallets can send to P2SH-P2WPKH and P2SH-P2WSH using the P2SH encoding of SegWit addresses.  Then a SegWit wallet that uses just a single private-public key needs to track P2PKH (non-SegWit address), P2WPKH (SegWit-to-SegWit payments), and P2SH-P2WPKH (non-SegWit-to-SegWit payments) on the chain (well it could ignore P2PKH addresses if it wants to be purely SegWit).  The main advantage is that consolidating to-SegWit payments (P2WPKH and P2SH-P2WPKH) is cheaper (because witness discount) than consolidating non-SegWit outputs.
The "W" is "witnessed", i.e. Seg***W***it.  Address reference: 
Edit: corrected about P2WSH, turns out there is an address format for those already.
@_date: 2018-10-14 07:26:29
Just because most transactions will be on an higher doesn't mean there are no transactions on the lower layer. There will be, and they will willingly pay huge fees because they'd effectively batch thousands to hundreds of thousands of transactions on higher layers.
@_date: 2017-08-21 08:30:29
Not to worry. If you support core and reject 2x, all that matters is to sell the 2x coin. You'll need some kind of splitter service but it is doable. It doesn't even matter that core will have no blocks for a time: all you need is to be able to sell the 2x coin. Thus you need blocks on the coin you reject. You hodl the core coin, it doesn't matter if it has no blocks.
If enough people do this, then the price of the 2x coin will drop relative to the core coin. Then miners will start reconsidering their position, and be forced to mine the core coin again to earn back their operating costs.
@_date: 2017-08-16 08:42:58
Wow, I wish my science classes had something like this.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:18:35
SegWit is already 2Mb as a softfork.  If you think SegWit2x is 2Mb only, you're wrong: it's 4Mb.  4Mb is the edge of unreasonable already, the devteam of SegWit2x is smaller than Core, and SegWit2x plans to hardfork in 3 months.
Wait a while, can you?
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:39:54




If the nodes wouldn't consider it valid, then no amount of hashpower can convince them it's valid.  As far as the nodes are concerned, that hashpower is an altcoin.
That's if the nodes verify from genesis block.  If they don't, then they become vulnerable to the above attack.




If you don't verify some precommitment that properly covers what you're verifying, you're not verifying, you're trusting.


In practice, no, fullnode count has been dropping even as Bitcoin adoption is growing.  Ask he maintains a count.
@_date: 2017-08-17 05:39:08


In case of irrationality, some rational actor will find a way to exploit the irrational behavior for their own profit, making them the new HODLER.  Since that actor is rational, it will now act rationally in this situation, and choose to dump whichever coin he or she judges to be bunk.


I don't have to.  The BCH difficulty is dropping, and it will drop until the earnings of to a miner of mining BTC or mining BCH is indistinguishable.  An equilibrium will happen where miners move to different chains proportionally to the price of the coins on that chain.  That's why BCH has so little hashpower: it has so little price.  I'm not saying there will be no miners on a "bad" fork, absolutely nothing has 0 value (the shit you excrete is collected by companies to make fertilizer, for example: the company that drains your septic tank earns twice, from you paying them to drain it, and them selling your shit to fertilizer companies; even in the presence of hyperinflation a fiat currency will settle to a value that is only slightly higher than the cost of the paper it's printed on).  I'm saying that miners will follow the price.
@_date: 2017-08-08 05:00:11
First, in my country you pay $40 per month for a 20gb per month limit. Which the ISP fails to deliver because at about 5gb they start throttling you (and the fine print lets them do that).
Second, Lightning does not require trusting a third party. It's why it needs SegWit: with malleability trust is needed during channel setup, otherwise your counterparty can malleate the funding tx and invalidate your closing transaction. "Yours" and "Moonbeam" payment channels require trust (and work without a malleability fix). Lightning does not. Google lightning-rfc for the technical details. "Lightning requires third party trust!" is just wrong. Lightning is designed so fund hostaging is impossible, hence no need for trust.
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:31:59


Not all shops prototype on FPGA - ours didn't do so regularly, partly because some of our circuits communicated with specially-made analog devices, partly because of pressure to meet deadlines.
A good part of the design is the backend toolchain, which is what converts from "high"-level HDL to gates, and a layout of gates.  That is also not prototypable on an FPGA, as FPGA layout is a different beast from ASIC layout.
Another part that's glossed over here is design for test.  The foundry does not really certify the correctness of the IC's they produce - there are inevitable manufacturing defects that will cause your design to fail.  So you have a testing stage that is done for each IC wafer before it gets sent to the final end customer.  Designing that test is not necessarily trivial.
Over all, a "simple" IC that's based on an existing IC is approximately 6 to 9 months of work.  More complex designs with tight constraints (even for "simple" operations - it's the constraints that make the design complicated!) will take longer.  We were regularly doing 2-year developments before.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:55:04
My understanding from the talk is that the smart contracts look onchain like Lightninh Network channels.
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:50:29
BCH failed, so yes, big blockers want to fork the real chain again.
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:27:25
No, he's talking megabytes, block sizes have never been expressed in megabits
@_date: 2018-10-14 08:47:52


So if Bob and the federation collude, they can steal coins out from under those who accepted Bob's coin?
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:02:42
Yes, payment decorrelation, which Scriptless Script can provide too.  The real innovation is the use of something which is very similar to Scriptless Script but can be implemented in current Bitcoin without a softfork.
If Script could commit to a specific R, not just a public key, it would have been possible to just use R-reuse to leak the private key from payer to payee.
1. Payer creates a TXO (but does not provide the entire transaction backing it).  This TXO can be unlocked only by a specific R and a signature from the payee.
2.  Payee provides a signed `nLockTime`d transaction spending that TXO paying back to the payer (this is the timelock part).
3.  Payer provides the full transaction one of whose outputs i the given TXO to the payee.
4.  Payee provides a signed transaction spending that TXO to the payee, without `nLockTime` encumberance.
5.  Since the signatures of  and  use the same R, the payer can now learn the private key.
The above construction is basically how scriptless script works in general: you provide some data that allows somebody to extract a secret from seeing a signature.  The above construction is slightly more interesting since there are post-quantum signature algorithms with the equivalent of an R (mostly lattice-based ones), whose reuse (like in pre-quantum EC algos) will leak the private key, meaning the above construction might be useable post-quantum, unlike anything built on top of ECDSA or Schnorr; but I am not enough of a mathist to develop it.
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:25:57
Evidence screens off expertise, but in general, given a random statement by a random person versus an expert on the topic, you'd pick the statement by the expert as more likely to be correct, *given no other evidence*.
If you reject the authority, then you need to present the evidence that the expert is neglecting.
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:32:54


I don't run one, so I have no idea.  Go ask &gt;&gt;and that is partly determined by the ratio of block verification time to average block time 


It increases the chance that a large miner can get two blocks one after another.  The miner that wins the block knows his or her own block is correct,  but the other miners don't.  So the miner that wins the block can start mining immediately on the next block, but the other miners have to stop and check.  SPY mining helps reduce this, but in SPY mining the second block won by a different miner has to be empty, so the tx fees are no longer won.  Thus the time to verify must be negligible compared to the average time between blocks.


Don't know.  Core devs probably do know.  This is an open source project so I'm assuming the best algorithms are already in use.  One thing I do know is that SegWit also fixes the quadratic hashing bug; this bug made block verification time squared compared to block size increase (i.e. increase block size by x4, get x16 verification time).


Compute it yourself.  1Mb/block * 144 blocks/day * 30 days/month = 4320 Mb.  In fact my computation is wrong: transactions are sent twice (once as a transaction only before it's confirmed, the second time embedded in a block, so it's about 8.64Gb).  That's just downlink.  Uplink, I don't know, I've never run a fullnode.


As I've pointed out elsewhere, it's not trustless.
Edit: You know, I've answered so many questions from you, you need to start paying me. 1PjwQcTQS8BGdVKAWnZgLhrZEY1EYNFhsx
@_date: 2017-08-25 07:17:05
Because the word "decentralized" sounds so sexy.
Also, free transactions like we had 4 years ago.  BRING IT BACK OR ELSE MY USE CASE WILL DIE.  By the way I have not contributed code, or money, to Core, and I don't want to run my own fullnode because I want to freeride forever.
@_date: 2017-08-15 22:27:35
The blockchain is now 160Gb, and my Internet is officially capped to 20Gb per month.  My ISP actually limits it to about 5Gb (uplink+downlink, so peer-to-peer is especially brutal), because after about 5Gb per month they start throttling my connection to 30kb/s (from "normal" 256kb/s).  This is huge for me.  I store my coins on Electrum because I can't run a full node myself.  If this lets me download the actual blockchain without going through my fuckISP, I can actually run a full node, and probably run a Lightning node when it gets deployed.
It's not that I don't have Internet: I do.  The problem is my Internet is a lot more limited than yours is.
@_date: 2017-08-16 08:45:38
His future self now has his past self as reference.  *hopefully* it'll be smarter.
@_date: 2017-08-03 10:11:31
There's one in Makati
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:44:53
Seriously?  I live in the Philippines.  If you think that country's first world, why don't you come here and try living here for any length of time?
In any case, I don't really see why you'd use a DLC formulation for payment channels as a base just to avoid SegWit, as opposed to adding DLC functionality to payment channels, especially since SegWit already exists.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:33:24
Possibly when you have your own kids.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:30:38


Do you honestly think bigger blocks will not take longer to propagate and verify, simply because of bandwidth and processor limitations?
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:41:55


@_date: 2017-08-08 10:20:32
How do you start a new pruned node that reverifies the data from genesis if everybody has pruned off everything from genesis to today?
A distributed hash table for blocks might help lower per-node storage but will increase node intercommunications.  I am also not sure about how complex a DHT would be in practice, especially if built on top of an existing codebase.
As to the basic idea of "squashing" to a "new" genesis block, this will eventually be done by  UTXO commitments, which require a rolling UTXO set commitment.  Pieter Wullie is doing research on this but it won't be deployed yet (Core will need to check this in more detail).  New nodes can spin up on sufficiently-old UTXO commitments (based on their accepted security tradeoffs), or from genesis.  Still requires some full nodes kicking around to keep a record of blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:24:33
Add another consensus rule that adds a limit to UTXO growth (i.e. the delta of the number of UTXO per block).  Make that limit slowly shrink over time, maybe at the same time as the block reward.
This means miners might even be willing to add 0-fee transactions that reduce the number of UTXO's if it will let them pack more transactions that pay a high fee and increase UTXO's.
@_date: 2017-08-22 09:45:02
Uncertainty over SegWit2x, pumping of BCH, dumping of BTC, gremlins, phase of the moon, RNGod, your hidden LUCK stat, plus you haven't sacrifice a cross-aligned unicorn at a co-aligned altar recently and Seth is pissed.
I'm playing NetHack until this boils over.
@_date: 2017-08-25 05:01:04
Sigh.  There are no patents for payment channels or SegWit.  If there are any, find them and post them.
Any LN node can be a payment processor.  Even an ordinary user's node.  What is more, positioning is more important than the number of coins you control; in particular, your earnings are proportional to the number of routes that pass through you, not proportional to what you have in the channels.  Nobody can make a stranglehold on the network simply because on LN, everyone is equalized.
@_date: 2018-10-01 03:39:11
No.  Didn't you read the thread?  The thread discusses WatchTowers for Poon-Dryja channels (they even directly mention Tadge Dryja and Joseph Poon).  And the thread is earlier (April 16, 2018) than the eltoo announcement (April 30, 2018), and also refers to an older WatchTowers thread in 2016.
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:03:43
True.  But for my skillset it's doable with some effort, and probably a few bribes in select places.  And probably some conversion of my BTC hodlings to fiat for various reasons.  Canada is relatively open, if only because it's so cold there.
But despite living in the fucking Republic of the fucking Philippines, I still love it and I don't really want to contribute to its worsening by leaving.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:57:18
Many software wallets will make you keep track of 12 to 24 words in a particular order.  Many of them will also let you make a "watch-only" wallet that can't spend, but can still receive.  The 12 to 24 words are really the keys to your money.  If you can write them down on a piece of paper, that's a paper wallet right there.  Then just make a watch-only wallet (specific instructions depend on your choice of software: for Electrum you'll need to copy the master public key from the created wallet, create a new watch-only wallet from the master public key, then delete the original wallet after confirming you still have your 12 words on your papers).
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:10:32
Precisely why BTC is sound money while contentious forks are not.  BTC is designed to grow slowly over time at a fixed schedule.  Other altcoins, incuding the result of contentious hardforks, are not required by blockchain tech, cryptocurrency, or law to provide BTC's fixed schedule.  Most ICO's are crap because they premine with the intent to flood the market as they get out.
The point is that BCH is not fungible with BTC.  Sure you got a free BCH token for each BTC token you hedl, but that doesn't mean BTC can be inflated: it's the losing coin which inflated in value at infinite inflation.
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:26:26
It's still undervalued.
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:27:26
mind = blown
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:54:02
Never got a chance to vote, because the elections for President of the World is limited only to The Capitol aka United States of America.
@_date: 2017-08-13 08:18:41
If you need to move it around afterwards there are fixed tx fees that are not proportional to the amount so there's some gain in putting multiple people's funds. However pitching in multiple people's funds has risk of you inadvertently running afoul of some local law, take care and ask a local lawyer first.
@_date: 2017-08-09 09:27:01


Yeah especially when the coin collapses, that can really change your game.
That said, if you (I'm talking to the OP now) have studied the technology and understand it well, and know just what may or may not break it, you can make the step from "as much as you can afford to lose" to "as much as you can afford".  Just make sure you don't trust, verify!  Learn a bit of the math behind the tech, and why the nerds writing the code are so hyped about feature X, and why the other nerds writing the code keep saying "but feature X has property Y which leads to outcome Z!"
(basically I kinda agree with Staggerer but don't get into the habit of just picking up advice - don't trust, verify.  I've already done my homework about the tech; I don't know if you have, OP).
@_date: 2017-08-16 07:29:40
@_date: 2017-08-15 07:39:10
A trade is just paying Bitcoins to get filthy fiat, or paying filthy fiat for Bitcoins.  You can use an LN channel to send or receive Bitcoins (well if you just opened it from your side you can only send Bitcoins at first).  It's sending/receiving your fiat that's a bigger problem than mere LN.
@_date: 2018-10-22 00:42:42
Yes. Maybe.
@_date: 2017-08-23 06:08:50
Don't invest more than you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2017-08-15 09:56:38
On-chain fees?  Never again.  Price goes up, people wanna use, people gonna pay to use.  Everyone else who wants to transact will compete with everyone else.
Off-chain will eventually get us lower fees, as it will leverage multiple off-chain transactions on top of a few on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-31 08:38:35
The extranonce is in the coinbase.  Changing it changes the Merkle tree commitment, requiring a recomputation (not expensive, but it's still easier to just grind the timestamp).  I was referring to avoiding recomputing the Merkle tree by just grinding the lower bits of timestamp.
@_date: 2017-08-29 09:45:29
This.  Sometimes, what you need to do is shut up and calculate.
Consider the risks you take just going to/from work, and consider the risk you take in putting some NN% of your net worth (and if you have a steady job, your net worth is approximately greater than the present value of your salary as a perpetuity, which can be surprisingly high; it's greater than that because you probably own some stuff stacked in your basement/room that you don't even frigging use and which you could sell if you needed money) into some risky investment.  Compute an assessment of how likely it is that Bitcoin will crash tomorrow, and compute how much you have in Bitcoin, and multiple that.  Then compare that to the probability of you dying tomorrow times your entire net worth, and ask yourself why the heck you're not investing more if you're risking more every day going to work than what you have sitting in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:51:32


SegWit is opt-in for backwards compatibility.  We cannot simply move witnesses off to some other location unless we hardfork.  In a softfork, we still need to spend pre-SegWit UTXO's with pre-SegWit transactions.
Hardforks are dangerous since economic opposition to a hardfork means the creation of an altcoin (e.g. BCH).  Economic opposition to a softfork simply means the softfork appears unused (even though the code is there ready to run) but does not create an altcoin.


Wait for update for wallet SW, then transfer from pre-SegWit to SegWit.  This was done this way (updates to create SegWit wallets need to wait until *after* SegWit activation) to prevent users from accidentally creating a SegWit UTXO before the network enforces SegWit rules.
(There's a nerdgeek method of doing it now but that's for nerdgeeks; since your post implicitly requests answers for non-nerdgeeks, I won't post it.)


Blockweight is a new measure and should be expressed as weight units.  Blockweight limit is 4 Mw (4,000,000 weight).
4 weight = 1 byte.
Transactions that spend SegWit addresses have a discount on every SegWit-address input.  Before SegWit, an input cost 180 bytes and an output cost 34 bytes.  When spending SegWit coins, an input costs 180 weight (45 bytes) and an output costs 34 bytes = 136 weight.
The "byte" unit is now a virtual unit.  Physically, transactions will still have 180-physical-byte inputs and 34-byte outputs.


If your question is when all transactions ever possible will be only SegWit transactions, never.  Coins that haven't moved yet will remain spendable using only non-SegWit transactions.  Some coins might have private keys lost, or those coins might be owned by hardcore HODLERS with really long time horizons.  So it is likely that there will be coins that are still potentially spendable using only non-SegWit transactions, with the probability dropping over time, but never to 0 (because that's how probabilities work).
If your question is when we'll see blocks that contain only SegWit transactions, it will happen when the most popular wallet software and most popular exchanges start deploying SegWit-capable addresses.
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:59:27
If we had multiple assets on a single blockchain, it would be possible to enforce certain kinds of loans without an intermediary.
Suppose we have smart property, e.g. a car which checks the blockchain for whose owner it is.  So the car will only run if the person who possesses the private keys for a blockchain-visible "access key" turns it on.  Obviously it would need to be on the Internet 100% of the time and so on, and then there's the question of hacking because people writing software suck at it unless they're Pieter Wullie, but let's assume those are solved problems in our hypothetical future.
Now suppose I own such a car and I want to take out a loan from a loan shark.  I write a hashlocked timelocked contract for my car.  A hashlocked timelocked contract (HTLC) goes like this: after a time in the future "T", the asset goes to some party "t"; before then, if somebody gives a secret called "P" that matches a special value called a hash "H", the asset goes to some other party "h" and the secret "P" becomes public on the blockchain (T, t, H, and h are published on the blockchain, while P is kept secret by the controller of the HTLC).  I ask the loan shark for the hash "H", and set myself as the party "h" who gets the car when the secret "P" is provided, while I set "T" as the loan's due date and "t" as the loan shark who gets the car after the due date if I can't pay him back.  On giving this HTLC to the loan shark, I trust him to give me the BTC I loaned.
To pay back, I gather the BTC to pay him back and put it into another HTLC.  "H" is still the same, but "h" is now the loan shark (i.e. the loan shark gets the money if he makes "P" public).  "T" is still the same, but "t" is now me (i.e. if the loan shark refuses the money and gets the car, I get to keep my money at least).  I give the HTLC to the loan shark, and if he triggers the hashlock on the money HTLC, he publishes "P" on the blockchain.  I can then get back my car by triggering the hashlock on the car HTLC, since "P" is now on the blockchain.
If I can't make payment, then the loan shark repossesses my car by triggering the car HTLC timelock.
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:58:36
No, it's a softfork. An old node would accept SegWit outputs being spent without witnesses, a new node would not. Softforks mean new nodes reject things that old nodes would not. Xref P2SH, where old nodes would accept the script paid to without the scriptsig for the full script.
The bad thing with the idea is that the mempool was not part of consensus, and with this softfork, becomes part of consensus
@_date: 2017-08-02 10:15:12
Probably stolen.  If you didn't replace your Electrum wallet with a watch-only wallet and deleted the "real" wallet, someone could have hacked your computer.  Alternatively if you've replaced computers/hard drives since then, and sold or gave away the old hard drives, someone could have snuck around on your old HDD's and found the coins and stolen them.
They're practically gone forever.  You could keep tracking it on a blockchain explorer but what would be the point?
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:00:08
Benevilent dictators never stay benevolent for long. There must never be one. Satoshi must remain dead, forever.
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:28:47
Pruned nodes still have to **download** the blockchain on first sync.  They don't have to **store** the blockchain.  It's the initial download which is difficult to start up, and is the cost on anyone who wants to start a Bitcoin company late in the game.


Loss of privacy.  Which is why MimbleWimble and Lightning/TumbleBit are superior solutions to scaling.  They not only scale, they scale by discarding intermediate results, which reduces the information that gets recorded for eternity.
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:33:42
Well, block timestamps are not necessarily reliable - most pools grind the lower bits of the timestamp too to avoid having to recompute the merkle tree when the 32-bit nonce in the header is exhausted.  And timestamps between different pools are not synchronized.
I'd loosen the "2 seconds" rule to maybe up to a minute, with a lot more suspicion to anything more than, say, 32 seconds apart.
That said: if the miners really were concerned about transaction throughput and the poor users who can't afford the $2 tx fees, they should be using a policy of no empty blocks and a policy of prioritizing according to the time they received transactions instead of by transaction fee.  That they don't simply implies hypocrisy between what they say their concerns are, and their actions.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:59:15
Funny thing, a Model T could sometimes run up steep inclines if driven backwards.  Something something explanation about planetary gear shift it used.
@_date: 2017-08-30 03:54:42
Difference of what?  Some exchanges operate only in specific countries.  localbitcoins.com operates across the most countries, but it tends to have a higher premium on both buys and sells.
If you have a wallet (Electrum, Mycelium, Bitcoin-qt...) then you can send and receive Bitcoins anywhere.
The hard thing is the relevant local country laws.  Those govern how fiat money (the local money of the country) should be handled.  Thus if you exchange your local money for bitcoin, there are likely some relevant local laws that need to be known by someone qualified in law, i.e. a lawyer.  Thus, most exchanges need to investigate each country's local laws before they can set up shop there.  Once they've set up shop in your country, though, they'll inform you what you need to do before you can have an account with them.
Once you're in bitcoin-land, there are no laws except the code that runs the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2017-08-15 07:36:25
good bot
@_date: 2017-08-15 07:41:38
Improves fungibility.  Note that both LN and TumbleBit actually act very similarly to each other when TumbleBit is in payment channel mode, although TumbleBit is more centralized and has no network effect.  Both are expected to improve fungibility.
@_date: 2019-03-05 12:45:52
They always make some slightly-humorous release title, like "MtGox's Cold Wallet" or "Butterfly Labs Delivery".  Wonder when they'll release "What am I gonna do"?
Here it's a reference to the occasional accusation that Lightning is actually an altcoin because it's not "real" Bitcoin, since "real" Bitcoins only live on the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-17 03:52:51


Sorry I think I just miscommunicated a bit here.  Okay, let's be a bit more technical and precise in our language.  We talk about Miners and Grinders.  Miners produce blocks, so they need transaction data and they need blocks from other miners.  Grinders produce nonces, they just need a header template from stratum.  Traditionally, when people say "miner" they really mean the technical term grinder, and people say "mining pool" for producers of blocks (which are technically the real miners).
There are only very few miners (most people with an AntMiner S9 are grinders).  When a miner becomes smaller, they get a smaller slice of the pie.  But there is a minimum threshhold below which a miner simply cannot provide enough hashing power, and that is partly determined by the ratio of block verification time to average block time (the other factor is the non-granular nature of mining: either you win the block reward of 12.5 BTC, or you don't, so you need to have some money set aside for operating costs until you can win the lottery)


In my country, $40 per month on my ISP nets me a "20Gb" limit per month.  The real limit is that my ISP throttles my internet speed from 256kb/s to 32kb/s after about 5Gb uplink+downlink, and starts spamming me SMS messages to increase my cap.  I can barely run a 1Mb/block fullnode at $40 per month.
Now if you're willing to pay me $100/mo so I can run a 2Mb/block fullnode, sure, why not?  It'll take me a few months to start it up though, because of Internet bandwidth caps, unless you send me a harddisk or DVD with the blockchain.  That harddisk/DVD has a chance to be blocked at the local Customs inspector, which will require bribes (not much more than $40, probably).  Or you could visit me here in the Philippines and smuggle it in your luggage.
Heck, Blockstream's new satellite network would let me skip the local ISP's lousy caps, I can't wait for them to get their satellites here.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:08:19
About one in a million.  Which isn't high, but one in a million chances happen everyday.  If not this, probably something else.
If it were one in a billion, I'd be a lot more suspicious
@_date: 2017-08-08 07:26:18
Yes, because BCH will then attract miners.  The question is really "if BCH becomes more profitable to mine".
What attracts miners?  Higher price and lower difficulty.
What drives higher price?  Economic activity and utility.
What drives economic activity and utility?  My opinion is that better developments and improvements to the system will drive these.  I'd bet on the current Core team to be better at development than the BCH team, simply because of Pieter Wullie, but add in gmax and luke-jr and TheBlueMatt and it just starts looking like a stomp.  Even btc1 has just jgarzik.
edit: in the long run, the difficulty ratio of BCH vs BTC will be roughly the price ratio between BCH and BTC.  This is regardless of any magic difficulty adjustment algorithms BCH might have: it's a negative feedback and the stable state will be the price ratio.
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:15:38
Lightning BOLT v1.0 doesn't have atomic swaps yet.  So you can't do this soon even when Lightning rolls out in the coming weeks/months.
Atomic swaps are possible on-chain but on-chain fees will eat you unless you're doing several dozen BTC's; but if you're moving around several dozen BTC's the altcoin you're pairing with may suffer major volatility.
Not to mention that decentralized advertising of swaps isn't possible yet.
Off-chain Lightning fees are expected to be fraction of a percent but are non-zero.  And if you're swapping, the counterparty may want better than market rate.
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:20:26
Well he did mention using Coinbase for Litecoin and Ethereum but I ignored that because it ain't BTC, who cares if it gets lost?  LOL
@_date: 2017-08-14 11:46:00
You're pretty lucky.  I was in a similar situation (not quite, living with parents because no wife yet so pointless to move out, and working already some years) when I first heard of Bitcoin but mostly "meh" at it.  Bad decision.  Oh well.
@_date: 2017-08-24 10:40:50
That's the coinbase.  It's the transaction that miners earn their block rewards and transaction fees from.
@_date: 2017-08-13 08:15:08
Please don't die. Right now you just lost $500 and all the future potential earnings of 0.5BTC. Your life is much more precious and valuable than that.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:26:15
People will compete, because there will always be arenas for competition.  Concerts with ridiculous fees like today?  Still very likely, maybe even with even greater fees since more and more, money will be used for entertainment.  Who gets to purchase the right to be the first to hear some damn fool song, by microseconds?  The one who has the most money to waste on it.
Money will still be there.  It's the ultimate signal for the appetite of pans narrans, the storytelling ape that tries to delude itself that it is homo sapiens, the wise man.
@_date: 2017-08-08 06:00:19
BCH's faster difficulty adjustment schedule makes them easier to 51% attack, or even history-rewrite attack.  Whether miners invested in BTC can coordinate to kill BCH using history-rewrite attacks is the question.
In addition, given the current low exchange rate of BTC/BCH, someone planning to spam the BCH chain later can buy a small (in BTC terms) amount of BCH now, and hold it in reserve later to kill BCH with spam attacks.  Even if BCH has 8 times the block size of BTC, current BTC/BCH &lt; 1/10, so it's actually slightly cheaper to spam-attack BCH by buying BCH now than to spam-attack BTC.
@_date: 2017-08-28 11:30:53
The future of financial technology, of course, should be dependent on some guy's sleep schedule.
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:49:10
What are you doing here, shouldn't you be delivering instant notifications in off-grid areas over Blockstream's satellites?
@_date: 2018-10-31 01:54:58
STACK OVERFLOW RECURSION DEPTH LIMIT EXCEEDED
@_date: 2017-08-05 05:54:15
The paper is mostly bunk IMO. Sidechains will be "just" extra space per block in practice, and locked to each sidechain (hurting fungibility on unpopular sidechains). Still, a capacity increase is a capacity increase and sidechains let those with less security  need to accept other security models.
In Lightning, each node on each end of one channel needs to keep track of only the transactions on the channel, and don't need to send this data to anyone else. This is an immediate scaling (and privacy!) win compared to a blockchain, which requires everyone to see your transactions. Putting transactions on the block chain is needed only to enter or leave the network, or to claim damages if someone tries to cheat. The improved privacy also means greater fungibility. Payment routes require contacting everyone on the route with anion routed messages, but once the route is done each node only needs to keep track of only whether it gets to claim funds if the downstream tries to claim from them (and because it is onion routed each node is unsure just how near or far they are from the payor or payee).
@_date: 2017-08-23 07:35:12


This is much harder than it looks, as [payment routes are encrypted with an onion construction](  Government agencies will need to control large parts of the network in order to collect this information.
In addition, it is possible to create secret channels that are not revealed to the rest of the network, but which can be put encrypted in [Lightning payment invoices via the `r` tag]( without the payer being able to learn just where the actual node being paid is.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:01:35
I don't have to.  If there is demand for the "non-working" chain, somebody will mine it, and it will cease to be "non-working".
@_date: 2017-08-31 08:32:02
Wake me up when they start calling gold "Analog Bitcoin"
@_date: 2017-08-02 10:08:31
SegWit will arrive some time in the latter end of August, assuming the remaining miners do not mess with SegWit signalling (which would conflict with BIP148, BIP91, and btc1/SegWit2x).
LN will be deployed when the 4 teams making 4 different LN implementations start deploying their individual implementations after they test run sending to each other.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:50:51
Yes.  Good thing BTC is backed by the biggest collection of cypherpunks, who can keep BTC up-to-date with the best cryptography Math has to offer.  What's the other chain backed by?
@_date: 2017-08-31 23:51:28
Schnorr signature non-interactive aggregation (tx size before putting in a block still same,but multiple signatures can be aggregated when put in a block, reducing the effective size of on-block txes).
UTXO set commitments (not a direct speed increase, but allows semi-safe non-verification of very old blockchain data, improving initial sync times and possibly making later block size increases a little more palatable).
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:07:55
A pony
@_date: 2017-08-13 06:51:43
No. It's only. $40 now. I'm buying at $39.95, take it or leave it.
@_date: 2017-08-30 03:01:06
YES.  GET ON NOW BEFORE YOU BECOME EVEN LATER.
Do the Fiat Cost Averaging thing everyone else says.
@_date: 2018-10-12 10:24:32
You can get paid over the Lightning Network.  Then when you batch up enough money on your LN channel, you can then utilize a "submarine swap" off-to-onchain service to make a single onchain transfer in exchange for collected LN funds (or just splice-out, though that reduces your on-Lightning capacity).  You continue to be able to control your money while it's in one of your LN channels, so paywall isn't an issue for your monetary control, only for moving between hot on-Lightning and cold onchain funds.  The onchain paywall only matters when you batch up money from your LN channels to your onchain cold storage wallet.
Lightning is love, Lightning is life
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:19:14
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:37:43
It became a non-issue because a Core dev, Matt Corallo, modified FIBRE to fix it.  That's precisely the thing that Core helped fix.
@_date: 2017-08-11 22:30:13
Not yet, that feature didn't make 1.0
@_date: 2017-08-17 01:20:29
Who hodls the coins controls Bitcoin.
Payment processors and exchanges may hold some coins but they are supposedly beholden to their customers (i.e. they are hodling in behalf of their customers, so if the exchange is any good, they'll follow the customers).  If merchants immediately sell coins for fiat to pay for their operating expenses, they're not hodling.  I'd pay more attention to Overstock's position simply because they're hodling.
So in the end: hodlers hold Bitcoin's direction.
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:50:42


Well, that's why sidechains are being worked on - alternative chains no longer need to actually launch a new coin, they can just use Bitcoin directly via a 1:1 peg.
It's also why Core is so conservative about hardforks; a persistent chain split makes things worse for cryptocurrency.


Well, as I pointed out, unless you are forced to accept the new money to be replacable with the old money, it's not really inflation.
Instead, some people valued 8Mb blocks without SegWit and the future potential for FlexTrans tso much that they decided to make a new altcoin.  Rather than premine it for themselves or start it at 0, they gave it to every Bitcoin owner for some reason.  Now Bitcoin owners are selling it in droves to the people who value it.
Was value created?  Yes, because the people who want 8Mb SegWit-less blocks with future FlexTrans value it more than they value 1Mb SegWit-maybe-2Mb blocks with future Schnorr and MAST and sidechains.  They're pretty dumb for not premining it for themselves, but hey, their loss.
@_date: 2019-08-27 09:16:32
I am a sentience coming from a pathetic little blue planet at the edge of our galaxy.  I am from a species called "humans".
A *pure* MimbleWimble chain is doomed: either it accepts infinite inflation (meaning token value is effectively 0  due to uncontrollable inflation) or it lets private keys to be leaked (meaning security is effectively 0, due to unreliable control of your own coin).
If the MimbleWimble chain is done as an extension block or sidechain to Bitcoin, then only the coins locked in the MimbleWimble part have to be sacrificed in case of ECDLP break.  It might not be possible to softfork or hardfork to a quantum-resistant homomorphic commitment scheme.
Bitcoin itself (without MimbleWimble) can easily preemptively switch to a quantum-resistant signing scheme.  The general thought us that quantum computers are not likely to achieve the size needed to start breaking ECDLP faster than conventional machines.
@_date: 2017-08-30 05:32:13
FEAR MY SIEGE TANKS AND MARINES.
And dropships full of siege tanks and marines making an end run around you.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:27:00


It is not, and you vastly misunderstand the LN technology if you think this is true.
LN has no hubs.  Everyone can be a node.  Your own payment node can be a node through which others route their payments.  So can my LN node.  There is no center, because everyone is practically equal.


This is correct.


By using the smart contracts that LN technology uses (so that theft is as impossible as double-spending on the blockchain is), by using onion routing (so that nobody knows who the ultimate source and destination of a payment is), by using source routing (so that you can find the best routes yourself, and not outsource route finding to a third party who is incentivized to route all your payments through it).


Better.  Mining pools (the real miners: "miners" pointing their hashrate at pools are just subcontractors of the real miners, the mining pools) need high uptime, a really good Internet connection, the FIBRE network, and hordes of very competitive hardware.  LN nodes just need high uptime and a reasonably good Internet connection.  It's much easier to start a new LN node than to start a new mining pool.
@_date: 2018-10-19 08:27:46
Which is one advantage of offchain solutions.
If I have some questionably-acquired BTC, but I have an existing "clean" LN node with "clean" incoming capacity, I could try creating a new node and open channels using the questionably-acquired BTC.  Then I could send value from my "ditry" node to my clean node, and it's very hard to trace this without convincing large numbers of intermediate nodes to leak their information.  Various improvements to privacy can be had also on LN.
@_date: 2018-10-18 06:17:25


Everything you don't understand is going to look like that.
In the hope that you gain some understanding:
1.  Bitcoin was first introduced to a group of people called "cypherpunks".  It seems very likely that its inventor was secretly a cypherpunk or had cypherpunk sympathies, since that's who he first contacted about it.
2.  Cypherpunks are generally techno-libertarians, who believe that true freedom (liberty, the libertarian goal, the free market) will be achieved by code (programs, software), using cryptographic techniques.  For reference, BitTorrent, Tor, PGP/GPG, are generally considered as arising from the ideals of the cypherpunk group/movement.
3.  Generally, libertarians are against most socialist projects, including the use of taxation to create funds ("taxation is theft").
4.  Monetary supply inflation is widely considered by most libertarians to be a tax on savers.  Thus, this tax (inflation) must be resisted.
5.  Methods to create a "perfect" currency that could be used online (e-cash, e-gold) were being studied openly by many openly-cypherpunk individuals (Adam Back, Hal Finney, Wei Dai, Nick Szabo).
6.  The inventor of Bitcoin had a breakthrough (combining some aspects of the above listed individual's various efforts with a few key insights of his own) and found a way to create an e-cash with no centralized "issuing bank" (a common problem with previous e-cash efforts), instead issued by a non-fixed multi-member federation, now called the miners.  Membership of this federation simply requires the ability to economically convert energy to cryptographic hashes, without requiring permission from any governing bodies.
7.  The issuance of this cash would not be controlled by the federation at all, but would instead be defined in the source code of the program that miners would run (in line with cypherpunk thought: "code is law").  All users of the protocol would be required to agree on this issuance schedule, and this issuance schedule (and various other parameters of the protocol) would be effectively economically imposed (i.e. free market operations) by the economic majority, so anyone trying to change the issuance schedule (or other parameters) would simply be hurting their own economic interests (getting themselves kicked out of the network, with the cash they inflated completely worthless to them and everyone else) without affecting anyone else.
8.  Since the issuance schedule would be program defined, the inventor of Bitcoin decided to have a fixed total supply, without any possibility of inflation, in line with typical libertarian thought.
Thus Bitcoin arises from resistance against monetary inflation.  Every other currency is specifically designed to be inflatable by a small cabal of people (e.g. the Federal Reserve for USD); Bitcoin is designed so that attempts at inflation would cause removal of the instigators from the network due to consensus loss, with an economic rather than legal punishment (also broadly in line with libertarian free-market thought).
The value of Bitcoin is largely seen as the value of this initial struggle against what is seen as an oppression (taxation via inflation), as well as the further innovations that can be built on top of Bitcoin (e.g. fast payment systems with no true central controllers such as Lightning).
@_date: 2018-10-10 11:43:02


I don't think that follows. Before the OTC sale occurs there will be a negotiation of how many BTC for how many USD. If the BTC seller is underpriced relative to some exchange I could offer higher than the USD seller does, sell the BTC on the exchange and get back the USD plus some BTC earnings. And vice versa. OTC may be less coupled to any exchange, but OTC is just another exchange anyway, and arbitrageurs will arise between any exchanges, meaning it will affect the price globally.
@_date: 2017-08-21 08:50:08
Miners have no power in hardforks. In a hardfork situation, hodlers can split their coins, then sell the coin they don't desire. If the undesired coin is B2X, then B2X miners help them sell (by putting their sell ttansactions in blocks) and increase the supply (by making coinbases). Increased market supply, reduced price. Reduced price leads to miners considering chains that are still demanded by users, such as BTC, in order to defray their operating cost.
The fact that replay protection is desired is simply an indication that users intend to split coins and sell one side only. Without replay protection this is still possible but more difficult. So no, miners cannot pull users during hardforks. Only softforks are where miners have some small smidgen of power.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:12:49
As I understand it:
* Lightning payments make it harder track who pays whom. For someone owning a single node it's impractical to find out who is going through you.There's also a plan for future protocol versions to make it harder to correlate even if you own multiple nodes.
* TumbleBit is even more private than Lightning. SegWit also lets it close a privacy leak due to timelocks.
* Eventually MimbleWimble as a sidechain will let you use bitcoins almost directly with reduced volatility risk. Even a sidechained Monero-type blockchain would help, although Monero blockchains are way heavier than MimbleWimble ones.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:13:20
Inherently speaking, you don't "set up a central node" - you set up a node, then try to make it central by encouraging people to channel to you.  You can do that by spamming everyone to connect to you especially if you're early and LN is still getting set up and everyone wants to know how to get on it.  Or make a very nice and intuitive LN app that always connects to you.  Or make a very nice and popular service so that everyone wants to connect to you.  Or hire employees for something else, then pay them through LN so that there's a channel between them and you and they'll probably use that channel to spend and thus pay fees to you.  Or build point-of-sale terminals and software that always connects to you.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:32:56
Well, to my understanding, the selection of a generator point for Schnorr may be problematic.  There is no good research for Schnorr generator points due to Schnorr's patent which prevented this from being used for 20 years, and if somebody proposes some supposedly random point to be used as generator, there's always the suspicion that it's an NSA plant and the supposedly random point is not so random, but is something that the NSA knows how to backdoor.
Indeed, it's why the elliptic curve used in Bitcoin's ECDSA is secp256k1 instead of the supposedly random NIST secp256r1.  Sure, if secp256r1 is truly random, then secp256k1 is actually weaker than secp256r1 by "a few bits".  But secp256k1 is a Koblitz curve, so hopefully if the Koblitz curves do not have a systematic weakness, then secp256k1 is likely to not have a backdoor (since it would have to both be a Koblitz curve, which are a subset of all elliptic curves, *AND* have a backdoor, which is much harder to arrange).
What we need is something like Koblitz curves, but for a discrete point instead (i.e. some property that is expected to be weakly or hopefully not correlated to the possibility of some simplification of the maths that would allow backdoors).
Edit: after some research, yes, it turns out secp256r1 is likely to have been backdoored by the NSA.  So selection of a generator point is going to be problematic.
@_date: 2017-08-29 09:58:51
For what it's worth, *I* can see your linked comment, even with all comments viewed on the top post.  I even tried logging out, and it's still visible.
Could be the mods were very quick and un-shadowbanned your post, or I could be theymos' shill, but this is at least a minor data point saying that your post is visible to somebody else.
@_date: 2017-08-09 19:53:52
You should have bought the $20000 server /s
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:59:28
Good luck, and keep hodling!
Oh and prefer to have larger purchases over larger time periods (e.g. prefer 100 every 4 weeks), as you want to reduce the number of UTXO's created.  More UTXO's to spend, more fees.
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:22:35
I don't day trade, so I wouldn't be able to judge.
If you want to save and potentially earn money over time, then the strategy I outlined - set an amount of fiat and regular repetition time, buy investment - is largely the one with the best return/effort ratio.  You can buy just BTC, or all of BTC ETH LTC in some fixed ratio.
If you want to trade speculatively, I'm sorry, you'll have to check in a lot more detail and preferentially have access to news sources that are faster than usual.  Pay close attention to and be acquainted with the devs personally, that sort of thing.
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:24:55
They are doing that to support the NYA.
Do note that mere signals of support like /NYA/ comments are rather weak. It's not a cryptographic commitment where if they commit to it now and then renege later they lose money. (Lightning, for example, uses cryptographic commitments like that to ensure your channel partner won't cheat you).
In many ways it's a bit like politicians promising stuff during campaign.
@_date: 2017-08-07 11:36:39
Well BTC is very much a technology under development.  The fundamentals are very good: limited supply, distributed consensus, limited smart contracts.  You can speculate on what its future value will be, which is much of its current value.
You can also buy some things with it already.
Finally, Lightning Network will come "real soon now" and offer an alternative to central payment processors like BitPay or Visa or Mastercard.  How well it works is what is being speculated on.  I suspect it will work well enough, plateau, get improved, work better, plateau, then get improved and work better until everybody will wonder why anyone seriously though on-chian transactions and central payment processors were enough.
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:23:05
It records each and every transaction ever.  That loses privacy (everyone can see spending patterns, and with sufficient analysis, reveals who pays who) and increases blockchain size for all eternity; new nodes are more expensive to set up later simply because the entire blockchain needs to be downloaded and re-verified (don't trust, verify!), and each year increases the blockchain by NN gigabytes according to the blocksize and popularity.  People are going to waste block space making lots of little transactions, each and every one of which needs to be checked individually.
An SQL database increases in size only in number of customers, not number of transactions made.  The blockchain increases in size in terms of number of on-chain transactions made.  This basic scaling problem is not fixable by a block size increase, indeed a block size increase will exacerbate it.
Other techs will help reduce the scaling issues of the basic database.  MimbleWimble lets blockchains drop intermediate transactions, representing the entire blockchain as a single large transaction that cannot be faked without cooperation of all users, effectively increasing in size according to number of users rather than number of transactions made (i.e. nearer to SQL); but MimbleWimble is inherently incompatible with Bitcoin's current system, and we suddenly lose some important functionalities if we switch (and no one has figured out how to do MimbleWimble as a softfork).  UTXO commitments will let new nodes start up from a block other than genesis, but requires trust in the UTXO set published (and thus less security relative to MimbleWimble).
To my understanding, only MimbleWimble is a real long-term on-chain scaling solution.  Lightning provides some scaling by doing transactions off-chain, and wins privacy too.
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:48:17
`"Happy Tiananmen Square Day China!"` `OP_RETURN` every June 4.
@_date: 2017-08-17 07:11:00
32 months by my count on a 1Mb chain, using my $40/mo Internet connection in the fucking Republic of the fucking Philippines.  Can't wait for Blockstream to start sending me blocks by sattelite.
It'll get even larger on a 2Mb chain, of course, or a 4Mb one like the 2xers want.
@_date: 2017-08-23 06:58:22
A significant part of the Philippines' income is from remittances.  Talented people are Philippines' highest-earning export.  You're talking, at minimum, a sizable portion of a banana republic's income being sent most easily using Bitcoin.  The Philippines is not the only country where most of the talented people have emigrated and continue to support families and the politicaions who prey on them in the old country.
@_date: 2017-08-09 19:32:39


Stop being so strict about to-the-second-ness (seriously if the payer should have put some margin of error in payment anyway)?  Use your own computer's clock and see the time the block appeared on your computer?
@_date: 2017-08-25 09:39:06
Like I said, ***I can't watch videos, my bandwidth cap is too small***.  The paper you cited involves oracles, not payment channels.  Can you find another paper or a text article instead?  Because the paper you cited requires oracles, and mentions Lightning tangentially, and even contrasts how LN and DLC are different (In DLC, the payment release is conditional on some third party publishing some specific data, with the payee dependent on the data published, whereas in LN, payment release is conditional on the payee publishing some specific data).  Could you explain it yourself?
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:06:45
I really should work on a program that generates BIP39 private keys offline though....
@_date: 2019-08-29 09:35:08
When spent ***from***, Native SegWit is slightly cheaper than P2SH-SegWit (i.e. the non-native SegWit).
However, Native Segwit uses `bc1` addresses, while P2SH-SegWit uses `3` addresses.  More existing tools and exchanges support sending ***to*** `3` addresses than `bc1` addresses as of right now.
Generally, you "should" use Native SegWit, and avoid using services that don't support `bc1` addresses yet until they actually provide support.
@_date: 2017-08-02 05:28:39
Lightning will eventually get BTC to pretty instant.
Blockchain is a backing technology.  With that backing technology we can build newer things on top of it.  The unfortunate part of the blockchain technology is that it is inefficient.  Every transaction needs to be relayed to every other node, and from there it must be stored forever.  Its advantage is that it is clear and open if anyone tries to cheat.
Lightning uses this backing technology.  Normally transactions will not be put on the blockchain; we try to give some minimum trust to our Lightning counterparties.  If I detect someone trying to cheat me, however, then transactions will be put publicly on the blockchain where everyone can see them and verify that cheating did occur, and the transfers are revoked.  This requires a malleability fix (SegWit) on the blockchain, however.
While bitcoins are created on the blockchain, we can always "lock" them in place, and use those locked bitcoins in off-chain transactions.  Then to settle we need to put fewer transactions on the blockchain.  It also leads to greater privacy since only a few "summary" transactions are put on the blockchain, rather than each purchase you ever made.
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:03:04
Because human beings evolved in an environment where the local government structure had a big-man who started festivals, was the one consulted about important matters, had a harem of fertile girls, and who held all the respect and authority over the whole tribe/village/city/kingdom/empire.
It's part of human nature to look up to kings and central leaders who are deferred to.  It's unnatural to us to look to less central forms, as unnatural as reading and writing is (consider how a toddler picks up speaking smoothly, but must be trained and taught and forced to take up pen and paper to learn reading and writing).  Even modern democracies elect a big-man who holds a pretty big chunk of de facto power, no matter what's actually written in the local constitution (e.g. the US President can't technically declare war; but he or she can get away with authorizing various "actions" that are equivalent to war, but are not called war).
It's why Game of Thrones is so attractive and has such a large following.  We can see just how shitty life is in a monarchy (peasants being slaughtered by soldiers or ex-soldiers, nobles getting assassinated or deposed in creative ways), and yet most of the buzz around Game of Thrones is about "the King in the North" or "King beyond the wall" or "the ubersexy Mother of Dragons who is really hot no really when's her next nude scene" or "the Ass that Sits on the Iron Throne".
Animals of the species homo sapiens want central leaders.  It appeals to pre-built circuits within their brains.  Follow the leader, or else suffer the wrath of the community of home sapiens animals who follow the leader.  We must all stand together or else fall apart, and we must all stand together around our perfect peerless leader...
It is something we must always fight, because evolution gave us a lousy brain architecture.
Never trust.  Always verify.  Satoshi is dead, may he remain dead forevermore.
@_date: 2017-08-08 00:00:49
Overt ASICBOOST uses `nVersion` grinding, not tx rearranging. It's covert which uses tx rearranging.
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:53:12
LocalBitcoins.  The only other option locally is coins.ph, which signed NYA.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:00:25
No, the voting that concluded recently was done using `nVersion` bit4, DEPLOYMENT_SEGSIGNAL.
@_date: 2019-08-07 02:46:28
Yes.  That's why I said dual-signed.  See: 


@_date: 2019-08-07 04:16:39
I do, but only a few hours a week.  So I keep tweaking and then next week I forget what the fuck I was doing and so on.  Better if I can dedicate relatively-continuous amount of time.  A few years ago I was between jobs (Already had a job offer, but said my first day would be a month after my last day in my previous job so I had a month of free time) and I got amazing progress then (not on a 4X though, a puzzle-type game where you have to guide a rocket out of a cave and then into space, and all you control is the thrusters).  Now I'm on a job again and it's stalled, because I can't remember shit I was doing and working in tiny bits of time is bad (yes, I know, documentation and comments, but that takes time and if I'm trying to steal a half-hour between getting my kids to sleep and then falling asleep myself there isn't much time to do the coding *and* the documentation, grumble grumble).
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:17:14
Sigh.  The construction used in lightning is trustless, that's the whole point of requiring a malleability fix.  You can get your money out at any time, and you know who's trying to cheat you if somebody does.  Anyone can be a Lightning node; compare the situation to "anyone can be a miner" (if you own just mining hardware but not your own pool, you're a grinder beholden to the mining pool, not the miner).  On the other hand, in a centralized base network of expensive data centers with cheap on-chain fees, you're the product, and you will be beholden to the node owners, and you will never know about how you are being cheated of your freedom.  Goodbye, and good luck, and I hope you learn more about how the technology works before commenting.
@_date: 2017-08-05 13:08:14
Fees in bitcoin are not proportiinal to value transferred, making bitcoin practically the opposite in fees. High value car purchases for $1fees. Low value 2$ coffee purchases for the same $1 fees.
@_date: 2019-08-27 09:23:20
LN channels are bidirectional.
The goal is that one day, you will get your earnings/salary/dividends/commmission/whatever over LN.
Then you spend that over time for your needs.  Spending means you automatically get incoming capacity, because the onchain contract is still a fixed fund and all that happens offchain is how that fund gets split up.
By the next payday/whatever, you will have some incoming capacity due to having spent your previous salary/whatever.
So you only need to worry about your total channel capacity, not have to keep pumping money into and out of LN.
LN *is* the economy.
Where do you think the money you get comes from?  Somebody paid your employer, who paid you.  They paid your employer to get a service.  You, yourself, will patronize some shop or whatnot, which itself has to pay its shareholders/suppliers/employees/contractors, who is simply another person not much different from yourself.  Thus the money just cycles around; never leaving the network, never entering it, once we have reached this equilibrium.
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:45:30
Possibly.  TumbleBit used to have timelocked payment channels, and the timelock could be used to help correlate tumblings.  With SegWit, we can use the same non-timelocked trustless channel open algorithm as Lightning Network, which makes TumbleBit more private.
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:10:16
SegWit came and everyone jumped on the chain with SegWit.  So detractors and salty BCH buyers are trying to stop LN.
LN has the potential to utterly destroy central payment companies like BitPay, and the potential to utterly destroy blockchain analysis companies, so there's a lot of pushback against it.
It's the centralizers themselves who are pushing the "Core/SegWit/LN will centralize Bitcoin!" narrative.
@_date: 2019-08-09 07:01:07
In theory it could, yes.  Most wallets don't support this in their UIs though.
Of note is that RBF is the *natural state* of mining.  Miners offered a higher feerate for a different transaction are going to go for the higher-feerate transaction.  Removing RBF from the fullnodes does not remove the right of miners to select alternative transactions that give them higher feerates, so removing RBF is impossible.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:32:51
States are not going to peg their fiat currencies to Bitcoin.  Or if they do, they'll eventually unpeg it, leaving people with decorative pieces of paper and pocketing the Bitcoin.  Take a look at the disaster that was the gold peg for USD last century.
@_date: 2019-08-08 05:25:58






Because frankly speaking most such economists are in the employ of state banks that obtain funding via seigniorage.  Seigniorage is a monopoly on the production of currencies, and it manifests as inflation.  It is helpful to consider that one principle of economics is that people will rationally try to increase their perceived owned wealth: thus an economist who lies in order to get more wealth from you is perfectly ethical in following this principle.
[So let's ignore economic authorities for a while and consider arguments](
Inflation is a tax on savings.  For example, in my country, a 3-pack of scrumptious Jollibee Tuna Pies used to cost 105 PHP 3 years ago.  This year it's 147 PHP.  This means that if I saved my money and forgoed eating 3 Jollibee Tuna Pies 3 years ago, I wouldn't have enough money today to buy a 3-pack of Jollibee Tuna Pies.  Thus, inflation is a tax on savings.  I would have been better off buying the 3-pack of deliciously cheesy Jollibee Tuna Pies 3 years ago, rather than not have enough money today to buy a 3-pack.
Thus, the government, in supporting inflation, thereby gets fresh money to fund government programs, at the expense of all people who save their money for the future.
Now you might argue: via inflation, we force people to invest rather than just leaving their money in the bank.  If I hadn't spent my 105 PHP then, then Jollibee would not have money to invest into its expanding its operations and making Jollibee Tuna Pies more widely available in my country.
But this is not correct reasoning.  Firstly: If I were forced to buy something rather than see my savings be taxed by inflation, choice is removed from me.  I am now forced to be a mindless consumer: mindless, because choice is removed from me (I am forced to spend my money now because my money becomes worth less tomorrow), and consumer, because all I can do with my money is to spend it.
Secondly: the money that Jollibee gets is money I can no longer use.  This is the [parable of the broken window]( money I was forced to spend is money I can no longer use for my own increase in productivity.  I could have used the money to invest in myself, for example, so that my productivity could be improved in the future.  If I went a whole year without indulging in my once-a-day habit of eating a 3-pack of Jollibee Tuna Pies, I would have a small seed fund I could use for starting my own business: except that after one year, my savings have been eroded due to the inflation.  Thus, "forcing" me to invest, by inflation, does not *increase* the total amount of investment overall.  Instead, it *moves* the amount of investment, away from potential new business and towards established businesses.
This speeds up monopolization, since new businesses are now harder to start (because putting together the seed fund to start a business is now harder due to inflation, which forces me to transfer my funds to established businesses and encourage *their* investment in themselves instead).  Monopolization of industries leads to capitalism failure, as it is only in a field of competition that capitalism can flourish: once a monopoly has established itself, it is very hard to kick out and will only provide poor products for high fees.
You might argue: but the alternative is people just hoarding their money because it'll be worth more in the future.  So nobody will invest in anything at all.  But consider this: we should be investing only in ventures whose expected return-on-investment is greater than the inflation rate.  Because if you're going to invest in something whose expected return-on-investment is below the inflation rate, that would be dumb: you'd still be losing money in a business you *know* will fail.  This is true whether inflation is 0%, 2%, 4%, 10%, or 100%.  Instead, we should only invest in ventures whose expected return-on-investment (i.e. the product of assessed probability of success times expected payoff if successful) is greater than the inflation rate.  Even high-risk investments have a place here: by aggregating the money of many people, it becomes possible to invest in many different high-risk investments, on the principle that even if many fail, at least a few investments are going to win big and as long as the aggregate return-on-investment is still positive (after deducting the inflation rate), our expected return-on-investment is still positive.
But in the end, return-on-investment is judged based solely on how large it is compared to inflation, and it would still be a bad deal to invest in something whose return-on-investment is lower than the inflation rate: in an inflationary regime, I would be better off buying my regular 3-pack of Jollibee Tuna Pies because they're delicious and will just be more expensive tomorrow anyway.  Thus, inflation does *not* encourage investment: at best, it moves it from random new people to established businesses.
See, if people hoard money because they expect the money to be able to buy more tomorrow, they should be even *more* willing to lend out that money if tomorrow the borrower can (with some amount of reliability) give back a return on investment that is greater than the money lent out.  There is risk involved that the borrower defaults, but if the borrower is borrowing in order to start a new business venture and thereby increase capital, then the loan is actually costless to the borrower: if they take the loan and are able to succeed in business, they can pay back the loan plus interest, leaving behind earnings for their own self and a business that continues to bring in a trickle of money, and if they didn't take the loan, they wouldn't have the extra earnings.  Thus, if you postulate that people are greedy and would rather hoard their money than spend it, you should also postulate that they are *rationally* greedy and will be willing to have even *more* money in the future and would be willing to *rationally* lend it out with interest to other people who will take the loan in order to start their own business: of course, they would do that only after *rationally* evaluating the business plan and *rationally* judging whether it's actually a good opportunity to earn or not.
Now you might say: but look, Bitcoin is just rising and rising.  It's not a currency or business or whatever, it's just some token that is not backed by anything, inherently worthless.  First, that presumes that value judgments are somehow a property of objects ("inherent") rather than a [lookup-table stored in rational human brains](  Thus, there is no "inherent worthlessness" to Bitcoin: *we* consider it of value, because *blah* *blah *blah*.  We can bring up whatever arguments here and etc. etc., but in the end it's all *blah* *blah* *blah*.  Instead, put your money where your mouth is: if you do not value Bitcoin, short it on the market and go long on what you *do* think has value.  If you valuing *whatever-other-thing* over Bitcoin turns out to be beneficial to you and society in the long run, you'll win and earn money and we'll lose our money and cry entire oceans of salty salty tears.  On the other hand, if you valuing *whatever-other-thing* over Bitcoin turns out to be non-beneficial to you and society --- it turns out that *by gosh, golly, Bitcoin is actually valuable for whatever reasons* --- then *shrug*, I guess.
@_date: 2019-08-27 04:30:53
Yes, it would have to be done in such a manner.  For all you know some big mining pool is already secretly running a MW extension block now.
@_date: 2017-08-25 06:49:27
Why?  The intent with the feature bits is that back-compatible changes to the Lightning BOLT 1.0 specs can be indicated.  There is no need for a rename.
@_date: 2017-08-09 09:18:58
I plan to hodl until my hodlings are enough to support my family indefinitely, which means something like my hodlings being 20x what my family spends in a year.
Then I'll retire and start divesting my BTC slowly as needed to sustain my family.  I'll probably still work but with less pressure to bring home the bacon, meaning more discretion about what I do rather than what the current market demands, because seriously, why the fuck does humanity value actors more than scientists.
Until then, I'm buying Bitcoin equivalent to a fixed amount in fiat on a regular schedule (fiat cost averaging).
Maybe 5 years, maybe 10, maybe 2 years.  My parents worked hard until I graduated college (I'm the youngest in the family), then continued working mostly for whatever, since the pressure to earn was reduced and life is boring when you're retired jobless.  Something like that is my end goal, except hopefully earlier than theirs.
@_date: 2017-08-22 07:51:28
If you invested properly, you can hodl Bitcoin down to 0 without doing anything other than shrugging "oh well, it was fun fantasizing about the lambos and stuff".
@_date: 2017-08-07 02:59:48
There are software development shops where people use Windows for their work (making presentations and spreadsheets and documents) and compile on a Linux box.  Wouldn't like to be there in the last WannaCry attack haha.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:03:47
Basically: central positioning is more important than actual money locked up.
LN also allows only channels with max 167mBTC for capacity.  A small investor with 2.0 BTC to spare can make 12 channels at or near max capacity.  If they positioned themselves centrally (mostly by being proactive in attracting people to connect to their nodes, and by connecting to popular sites as soon as they deploy their LN nodes) they can earn quite well from just a 2.0 BTC investment.
@_date: 2017-08-30 08:10:17
He's lying, then.
@_date: 2019-08-09 07:02:12
Relevant: 
@_date: 2019-08-16 09:54:04
The more complex your language, the more bytes you need to store to represent anything in it.
So, Ethereum blockchain quickly grew unwieldy to the point that big exchanges are struggling to run Ethereum fullnodes.
Contrast this to Bitcoin, where the effort to start up a new Bitcoin fullnode is barely within the ability of a hobbyist who bought a high-end RaspPi-level computer.
In addition, there is the Principle of Least Power: use the *least powerful* (aka simpler, aka needs fewer bytes to store whatever) language.  This is a principle in web design, and is the reason why we prefer using CSS to handle varying device display sizes rather than JavaScript.
The simpler language is easier to analyze, not only for tools, but also for human beings.  Consider the TheDAO incident, and the I Accidentally the Smart Contract incident.  While Bitcoin has had to reverse some bugs in the Bitcoin layer implementation itself, it has never had to reverse bugs in programs written *within* Bitcoin SCRIPT.
Bitcoin focuses on being a very good way to programmatically control the transfer of money: it is a focused, sharp tool for doing one thing well.  Ethereum wants to subsume everything into its blockchain.  This is the contrast between the known-successful "worse is better" Bitcoin versus the overdesigned "the right thing" Ethereum.  Eventually, Bitcoin will acquire the characteristics that Ethereum attempted to implement in one go.  By that time Ethereum will have been an old, obsolete technology.
@_date: 2019-08-02 07:29:47
You misunderstand the purpose of SCRIPT.  It does not execute anything onchain.  Instead, it ***validates*** that an (offchain) execution is authorized.  This is a big difference: SCRIPT cannot actually execute anything, it's programs that are not running on Bitcoin SCRIPT that run everything (and need a reliable server).
What this means is that you need to run a server that, at minimum, holds signed transactions and sends them out on the proper blockheights.
You can't just create transactions and expect transfers to happen automatically on the Bitcoin network: you have to send out transactions at the appropriate times.  This is Bitcoin, not Ethereum.
Given that, you don't need `OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY`: you just need a series of pre-signed transactions with `nLockTime` at appropriate times.
Depending on how much the son trusts the father, potentially you need to put the money into a 2-of-2, then have a series of pre-signed transactions with `nLockTime` set to appropriate dates, releasing the money to several addresses the son controls and sending any remainder back to another 2-of-2.  Use a 2-of-2 so that the father cannot take back the allocated allowance (if you want the father to have the option to terminate the allowance you just use an ordinary singlesig P2WPKH, then pre-sign the allowance payout transactions).
You may want some far-future backoff where if the allowance is not claimed at the correct time the father can reclaim the funds (for example if the son suddenly dies in an accident, the father will stop the son's server(s) from broadcasting the allowance-path transactions).
@_date: 2018-10-25 12:44:31
SegWit also requires the value you are expecting to spend from your UTXO to match the UTXO value exactly. This value is part of what you sign when spending a SegWit TXO. So as long as you keep your private keys yourself, even if the API underreports the UTXO, it will result in an invalid SegWit signature. This is "signature covers value".
This was made in the context of hardware wallets. Hardware wallets can't keep all your owned UTXOs in their limited memory. They essentially depend on an API on your computer that can keep track of the UTXOs you iwn. If your computer software is compromised, at least with Signature Civers Value the hardware wallet will sign specific value only.
@_date: 2018-10-01 02:02:16
The nitty-gritty details of watchtowers are under development right now.  The devs could do with some help.  The last time trustless watchtowers came up is here: 
@_date: 2017-08-23 06:40:14


No, because payments are routed with an onion construction.  It's not possible for a central node to determine where the payment comes from (it could be from someone else connected to you) or where it goes to (it could be to somebody other than who you told the central node to pay it to).  It's either the central node lets all your payments through or the central node blocks all of them (and in the latter case, you can always connect to somebody else).


Then connect to a different node that is not controlled by the censoring people.  Current implementations can already connect to any node their user wants to use (they just have sucky nerd-guy user interfaces now).


The ability to connect to any node directly.  **There is no hub**.  If the large nodes want to talk only to each other, anyone can make a killing being a bridge node from them to unsupported nodes.  Lightning lets you keep a channel secret from the rest of the network, while still allowing the channel to be embedded encrypted in a payment invoice so that other users can still pay via that channel.


If you have no choice about what app to use on your devices, you have bigger problems than Lightning centralization.  POWER TO THE USERS.
@_date: 2019-08-27 04:28:30
Not quite. The math involved means use of either Pedersen or ElGamal Commitments.  Pedersen is `a * H + x * G`, where `a` is the amount and `x` is the blinding factor, which also doubles as the private key under MimbleWimble (under Confidential Transactions it's only a blinding factor).  ElGamal is Pedersen plus also revealing `x * G`: `(a * H + x * G, x * G)`.
Pedersen allows indefinite inflation.  Part of its security is that nobody knows what `h = H / G` is, on the assumption that this is unsolvable (this is the discrete log problem that might become solvable under quantum computing).  Once somebody knows what `h` is, however, it is trivial to get an existing Pedersen commitment with `a * H + x * G` and claim it as actually being `(a + 1) * H + (x - 1 * h) * G`, i.e. it allows inflation.
ElGamal does not allow indefinite inflation, but *instead* (the story goes) allows loss of privacy.  This is because you cannot take the `a * H + x * G` part and then claim it as actually `(a + 1) * H + (x - 1 * h) * G`.  That's because there is the `x * G` part of the commitment, which definitely does not  match `(x - 1 * h) * G`.  However, if the quantum computer you have can solve `h = H / G` then it should be trivial to subtract `x * G` from `a * H + x * G` and then determine `a = (a * H) / H`.
The problem with ElGamal is that you are postulating the existence of a division operation on points that yields scalars, i.e. it is just as possible for you to get `x * G` and derive `x = (x * G) / G`.
Now note what I said earlier:


This means that we not only lose privacy: `x` is also the private key, and so anyone with the ability to solve the discrete log problem (i.e. can solve `h = H / G`) has the ability to spend any MimbleWimble UTXO, if you use ElGamal commitments.
The upshot is that your choice is:
1.  Limit the damage and once you know a cryptographic break on ECDLP is possible, prevent all spends of MimbleWimble extension blocks (it would be inflated anyway), without leaking historical use of the coin (use Pedersen commitments).
2.  Limit the damage and once you know a cryptographic break on ECDLP is possible, prevent all spends of MimbleWimble extension blocks (the private keys will be known anyway), while *also* leaking histroical use of the coin (use ElGamal commitments).
@_date: 2019-08-08 03:53:45
One suggestion I've seen is to simply ban spends of P2PK beyond some end-of-lifetime date.
This is somewhat controversial, per my understanding, since it is indistinguishable from censoring all P2PK-spending transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-26 04:58:17
If the base BTC network imposes high fees, Coinbase imposes **even higher** fees.
@_date: 2019-08-20 04:18:31
Not yet.  Though see this:  and search "Non-custodial escrow over Lightning".
@_date: 2017-08-31 08:21:21
I honestly don't know.  In fact, I think it's not so much that hash functions are resistant to quantum, it's more that elliptic curves and prime factorization are vulnerable to quantum due to something something [Shor's Algorithm]( something something.
@_date: 2017-08-02 00:04:31
myths    and  involve Blockstream and/or Blockstream commercial products.  I think Blockstream at least has the right to respond to accusations against them.
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:40:22
Sigh.  These coin offerings are little better than penny stocks at this point.
@_date: 2017-08-25 06:54:48


It's shiny, people like shiny objects.
It can be hammered to sheets as thin as a few molecules thick, which you can then use to cover any object and make them shiny.  People like shiny objects.  They like shiny objects so much they deny that the only reason they like gold is because it's so shiny.
It has very good conductivity, and it can be extruded into wires a few molecules thick, making them superb for connecting microchips to their packaging.  People like microchips so much, they put it into every electronic device they have.
Granted, Bitcoin can be sent internationally with a good fee, and you don't need to store anything more than a piece of paper with your seed words/private key on it, and Bitcoin has some limited smart contract functionality that is generally "good enough" for many purposes, but it's not shiny and you can't hammer Bitcoin to a molecules-thick sheet that makes other objects shiny.
@_date: 2017-08-19 12:14:21


It's not imposed, even in a stock split.  You're getting more shares of the same amount of capital, hardware, and employee manpower, so the value is split.
Let's put it this way.  In a stock split, you can get your old stock, go to the company, and get multiple issues of the post-split shares.
In a fork,, you can get your old UTXO, go to the differing chains, and create UTXO's that exist only on each individual chain.
Is there any difference between the law-imposed stock split and the math-imposed chain split?
@_date: 2019-08-29 08:58:02
It's a principle of the Internet to always make an effort to deliver the data to the recipient.
@_date: 2019-08-16 11:28:43
Because people are ignorant of many things.  The modern world is so complex today that no single person can learn everything that modern society as a whole grasps.
And people tend to be suspicious of things they don't know about, which is a basic survival instinct: if you don't know if there's a lion in the bushes, you're not going into those bushes, no way no how.
The more powerful-seeming something that you don't know about is, the more you fear it, because if it's powerful and potentially hostile, then you're screwed.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:03:33
Nearly every coin other than Bitcoin strives to have *some* improvement point to parade and claim as being "better than Bitcoin".  Yet I have yet to see a coin that actually has been better.  Ethereum came close, but the TheDAO incident made me realize that it is a centralized piece-of-shit and that true value can only come from Bitcoin.
Every coin has to start out centralized, at least around the first developers of that coin.  Even Bitcoin started out centralized.  The difference is that Bitcoin started in a space where all its competitors were centralized --- so it had no disadvantage relative to its competitors in centralization --- and it had the ability to become very decentralized, which it quickly took advantage of.  Every other coin has to compete against the current decentralized Bitcoin, and thus will have value too low to be important.
Proof-of-work ensures that every other chain --- whether having the same ruleset or not --- other than the most-work chain is going to be easier to attack and thus easier targets than the most-work chain.  Proof-of-stake is not even a consideration, as it is not anywhere as secure as proof-of-work.
@_date: 2017-08-22 08:51:04
Not wummm, but sadly for me, running a fullnode would require too much bandwidth.  Can't wait for Blockstream to start the satellite blockstream in my area.  Sorry to be leeching off Electrum servers, I compensate by trying to educate people about How Bitcoin Really Works (TM).
@_date: 2017-08-04 11:11:57


LOL.  The FIBRE block relay is run by one guy.  He'd probably grudgingly accept the label "Core dev"; at the minimum he won't support anything other than the bitcoin/bitcoin repository on github.  Practically every mining pool in the world is connected to it because not being connected to it means you won't be able to get blocks fast enough to matter.
The btc1 (i.e. SegWit2x) bug involves the fact that if every node a btc1 miner is connected to on the Bitcoin network is a BIP148 or core node, then each btc1 miner will split themselves off to their own little chains.  That's because FIBRE won't normally transmit &gt;1Mb blocks unless they're SegWit blocks, so the btc1 miners can't send 2x blocks over FIBRE, and they won't be able to pass their 2x blocks through 1x BIP148 or core nodes which will reject their 2x blocks.
I'm not being pedantic, I'm being precise.  You need to be that sometimes.
@_date: 2017-08-14 14:51:44
It fixes a longstanding bug in Bitcoin, transaction malleability, which has been copied by many other Bitcoin-based cryptocurrencies.  Transaction malleability hurts applications that use Bitcoin's smart contracts, such as Lightning Network.  With SegWit enabled Lightning Network becomes possible.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:42:35
Uh, that's it?  Crash lower please.  I bought at 30% of that price, that's not a dip, that's like, a little fart.
@_date: 2019-08-16 07:33:17
Haven't seen that yet, eek.
I suppose if you connect to just Tor hidden services then you would not pass through exit nodes, but then *some* Tor hidden-service fullnode would have to be connected to the clearnet anyway.
Blockstream Satellite would also help as an alternate way to get the blockchain data.
@_date: 2019-08-16 10:43:38


The "long period of time" you mention here would exceed the current estimated age of the universe.  You would need 2^160 tries to find a *particular* private key that can unlock a P2PKH address.  For reference that is 1,461,501,637,330,902,918,203,684,832,716,283,019,655,932,542,976 tries.  Now you might also argue that you don't need to find a *particular* private key, you just need to find *any* private key that unlocks any funds.  So let's determine the number of  UTXOs, assume that UTXOs have unique addresses (untrue since some people are dumb enough to reuse addresses).  According to  there are currently less than 90,000,000 UTXOs.  So divide 1,461,501,637,330,902,918,203,684,832,716,283,019,655,932,542,976 by 90,000,000, you get 16,238,907,081,454,476,868,929,831,474,625,366,885,065 and some digits I will ignore here.  Let's assume you can do 1,000,000,000 tries per second (say you have a supercomputer in your back pocket).  Divide 16,238,907,081,454,476,868,929,831,474,625,366,885,065 by 1,000,000,000 tries per second, divide by 60 seconds per minute, 60 minutes per hour, 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, you get 514,932,365,596,603,147,797,115 years.
For reference, the current estimated age of the universe is only 13,700,000,000 years.


Economies do not grow by the process of inflating the currency supply.
Economies grow by people:
* Saving some of their spare funds.
* Then investing their saved funds in either:
   * Businesses they directly start up, or
   * Loaning them to other businesses that need them to start up or expand their operation.
Inflation is not necessary here.
Inflation is simply a tax on savers.  It redirects the money so taxed from the discretion of the saver, to some things that the government considers "important".  So you should support inflation only if you trust the inflating entity (usually the government) to make decisions on money ***you worked for*** on your behalf.


Because you have to eat today or else die of starvation?
Because you want to loan it out to a business that, after you look at its business plan and interviewed its founders and so on, promises to return more BTC in the future?  And of course the business wants the loan because it has to buy and build whatever capital is needed to operate the business and pay back the loan to you, plus interest, in the future?
Some people try to excuse inflation as somehow "forcing" people to invest.  But any investment that is worth investing in will return higher than inflation rate, regardless of current inflation rate, 0% or 2% or 10% or 1000%.  Forcing people to make investments in anything that returns less than inflation rate is basically asking people to subsidize the bad decisions of other people.


Yes.  If Bitcoin grows and adapts to the future, however, this will not happen, as people will then raise their fees to compensate for the lower block subsidy.
51% attacks are often said to allow double-spending, but even 51% attackers will find this very difficult, since people normally do not trust transactions until confirmed by at least 6 confirmations and even 51% attackers need to spend money in order to reverse those confirmations.  The energy spent on the reversed blocks are now waste if they do so.  Users can increase the number of confirmations they need before accepting the funds as finalized in order to make the cost even higher.
What is easier enabled by 51% attacks is censorship, as 51% attackers can simply keep ignoring an unwanted transaction.  But this can be compensated for by increasing the fees on the transactions being censored.  This entices new miners to claim those fees.  Thus new miners will then arise that do not censor, eventually taking back hashpower from the 51% attacker and reducing their share.


Because we can split up Bitcoins to smaller and smaller minimum denominations forever, being a virtual asset.  Lightning Network already uses millisatoshis as the smallest unit.


Because sexually touching somebody else's genitals while another person sexually touches your own genitals feels so fucking good.  Try it sometime.


Lots of people are ignorant of new things.  It happens.  I don't know how to make a film, or how to properly apply makeup, or etc. etc.  Don't be afraid of being ignorant and having to ask anything.
@_date: 2019-08-28 07:58:35
Yes, it's the website.  Most websites are scams BTW.  What website did you send it to?
@_date: 2019-08-23 09:51:14


Not even.  UTXOs in MimbleWimble are *completely different* from UTXOs in Bitcoin-derived coins.  The first major difference is that *there is no SCRIPT possible in MimbleWimble*.
You can do this by softfork by creating an extension block with MimbleWimble semantics.
@_date: 2019-08-07 02:54:06


TIL eats Bitcoin bears for dinner.
@_date: 2019-08-29 04:27:39
@_date: 2019-08-06 09:31:55
No, he's scamming.  He's trying to pass off single-signed 0-confirmation transactions (the scaling model of BCASH) as being as safe as dual-signed off-chain transactions like Lightning.
@_date: 2019-08-22 02:53:02
It would get even *more* unwieldy otherwsie (need to keep n+1 different versions of the commitment txes where n is number of parallel splice-ins).  I think initial proposal is to keep this at just 1 splice-in at a time.
@_date: 2019-10-01 00:44:44
Okay, so let me try to get this straight.
You have an SPV node that is connected to 13 different connections.
12 of those connections are following some minor hashrate chainsplit.
1 of those connections is feeding you a much higher hashrate chainsplit.
You are not getting any fraud hints from either side.
Do you follow the higher hashrate chainsplit or not?
@_date: 2019-08-09 05:58:59


There are many more of these in countries with lower inflation than ours.  There are very few new businesses in countries with higher inflation rate.  That should tell you something, should it not?
@_date: 2019-08-13 07:37:49
You can't transfer information using entanglement.  You can use it as a common private secret between faraway locations (but you'd have to transport the particles at sub-lightspeed anyway) but not for communication.
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:14:08
Okay... I was wondering why OP_RETURN was named such when its behavior was to fail, meaning it should have been OP_FAIL... now I know.
Damn it looks like SCRIPT was an afterthought.
@_date: 2019-10-15 10:20:13


If you are installing software that automatically updates from some central server, you are installing software that could be updated to become evil, and your risk comes from that, not from the captive-ness of the wallet (the software could be updated to brick your phone, for example, rather than steal your funds --- the money it handles is immaterial, it's letting somebody else control the physical device you own and purchased that's the problem).  Notice that Bitcoin Core has an explicit policy of never supporting automatic updates, and most Linux distros will not auto-update without your explicit permission (or requiring that you explicitly set up auto-update).
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:32:32


But being in r/bitcoin means you are going to have more bitcoin maximalists, like me, than elsewhere, so why are you so surprised?


It's not about features, it's about attitudes.
More complex systems are more difficult to design in a single design iteration.  Take as an example the disaster of "gas": this is a design mistake.  The root reason for this design mistake is that Ethereum is too large to design in a single step.  That competitors with more features exist is largely because those competitors iterated their design many many times.  This is not something you can easily do on a blockchain as consensus is necessary for any change in design.
Like I said: there is an optimum amount of design size that human brains can do, because human brains only fit a 30-centimter bowl.  Make the design too large from the start, and human designers will be unable to realize stuff like how gas leads to lbockchain bloat and reduced fullnode networks and loss of decentralization.  You do not design and implement the most complicated possible design that covers all of what you need.
Instead, you design and implement *what you need right now*, then you take a good look at how it's working and then you consider how to improve it to implement *what other things you need right now*.
That's why Bitcoin will build layers on top, because what we need right now is how to transport funds cheaply without giving in to centralization and custodiality.  And then later we'll see if we really still need some kind of prediction market.
That's why we keep asking "what is needed, really?", not "what sounds good on paper?"  Augur itself is an example of "sounds good on paper", you don't really see a lot of people desiring it (because if it were, you'd find a lot more people working on it on Bitcoin).


Discreet log contracts does something similar, and requires only Schnorr signatures, and are potentially transportable across payment channel networks like Lightning.  Granted oracles are not decentralized under DLC.
Turing-complete smart contracts need not be done on the base blockchain layer: 
I'm not arguing either of the above, either.  I'm arguing the future is hazy and your only previous basis indicates that the attitude of Bitcoin (do one thing and do it well, worse is better) leads to success, not the attitude of Ethereum (the right thing, put everything in one place).
@_date: 2019-08-09 11:02:51
Simplicity will eventually be able to do it, since it is planned to include ways to introspect on the transaction, which can do anything (including implement Turing-completeness across multiple transactions).
What you need can be done with some combination of SCRIPT and `SIGHASH` flags.
1.  Specifications: V = target total value to donate, T = end of donation period (i.e. if this time is reached but the target total value is not achieved, return everybody's money), P = person running the fundraiser.
2.  Create a fundraiser transaction with no inputs and a single output with value V paying to an address P controls.
    This is not valid *yet*, but will be valid later.
3.  When a donator D arrives to pledge their coins, have the donator pay them to a SCRIPT `OP_IF 2 &lt;D&gt; &lt;P&gt; 2 OP_CHECKMULTISIG OP_ELSE &lt;T&gt; OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY OP_DROP &lt;D&gt; OP_ENDIF`.
    This means:
    * Pay to whoever the donator and fundraiser-runner mutually agree to pay.
    * OR let the donator recover the coins after time T.
4.  Have the donator sign a version of the fundraiser transaction with only one input, using `SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY`.
    This lets the same signature work even if multiple inputs are added to the fundraiser transaction.
    Also have P sign this transaction using `SIGHASH_ANYONECANPAY`.
    The input then takes the first branch of the script.
5.  Add the new input (plus signatures and `OP_1` flag) to the fundraiser transaction
6.  Once enough donators have pledged their coins to exceed V, publish the fundraiser transaction.
    The fundraiser-runner P can now control those coins.
    Any excess beyond V is given to the miners as mining fee.
7.  If T is reached with not enough people pledging their coins, the donators can recover their funds without help from P via the second branch of the above SCRIPT.
This is an old and known solution.  Try trawling 
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:26:44
But if she nevers sodl the child she won't get any gains!!
@_date: 2019-08-16 07:47:59
We use "splice" to mean direct activity on the channel, which directly changes the total channel capacity.
lnd uses "loop" to buy onchain funds using offchain funds, and vice versa, which does not change total channel capacity, only how it is allocated.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:50:17


If you didn't check the address on the computer wallet, then you aren't going to check the address displayed on the much tinier Trezor screen.
Change your habits.  Double-check the address when you enter it into the software on your PC, and ***double-check again*** when the Trezor displays the address and asks confirmation.
And stop depending on AV software on Windows.  Switch to Linux.
@_date: 2019-08-16 07:55:57
Nearly every so-called blockchain can be done with PostGreSQL and a bunch of companies willing to run the servers for it and let each other access the database.
The big advantage of blockchain is that there is no authority or set of authorities which can unilaterally control it.
Thus, a "permissioned", federated blockchain loses that big advantage: because it is permissioned, there *is* some authority which determines who can and cannot access it.
Otherwise, a blockchain is really akin to a bunch of SQL statements that manipulate a database that have been concatenated together, and what the fullnodes really do is just start up a local database and feed the SQL statements one by one into it.  Now someone might say "but Turing-complete smart contracts" and you can point out that modern SQL implementations are Turing-complete and support functions and so on.
In which case you might as well just use a frikkin database implementation and at least you can easily hire a lot more people who understand SQL vs who understand some baroque blockchain-specific virtual machine, so why the fuck is the company even wasting time sending employees to Applications in Blockchain for Enterprise when the frikkin database can do this better, without having to send people to some frikkin event.
@_date: 2019-10-28 04:28:26


No way.
@_date: 2019-10-09 06:58:52
They are.
What is confusing?
The coins have a `scriptPubKey` that encodes some SCRIPT.  Pay-to-IP was just a protocol to get a `scriptPubKey` from a node with a specific IP address.  IP addresses are not recorded onchain, only the `scriptPubKey` that was sent.  What is confusing here?  Coins do not exist except as UTXOs.  Pay-to-IP was not an address type, it was a different thing, much more similar to later BIP70 and pay-to-endpoint than to addresses as we use them nowadays.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:46:29
Don't use Windows.  Seriously.
Switch to Linux, any Linux.  [Debian]( is good.
It cuts down a lot more on malware than any AV software can.  Just say no to Windows.
@_date: 2019-10-30 05:20:23
Why not OpenTimeStamps?
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:16:27
Moore's law has stopped.  We are starting to hit actual mathematic limits on theoretical information density.  Don't depend on it.
We *will* increase block size, but ***not*** so we can put more tx/s on the *blockchain* layer.  We will do so depending on what happens to QC.  If QC fizzles, we add confidential transactions, which require big rangeproofs (big relative to signatures) and our blocksize increase goes into confidential transactions.  If QC does not fizzle, we switch to quantum-safe signature schemas (that are hopefully homorphic still, so we can do the Schnorr magic), which are big compared to EC signatures, and our blocksize increase goes into quantum-safe signature schemas.
Using blocksize increase on *mere* tx/s onchain capacity is a big waste of available future capacity: you can get more tx/s offchain, you can't get quantum safety offchain if onchain is not quantum-safe.
@_date: 2019-08-28 07:35:53
Such is already very very unlikely: most miners contribute their hashpower to pools at this point.
@_date: 2019-08-05 03:40:10
Obviously this means is not a human, because all human beings regularly have to piss.  Maybe is a non-human intelligence!
@_date: 2017-08-31 08:14:16
Ah, that's the "additive/sigma" versus "multiplicative/mu" rolling UTXO set commitments, right?  I guess another factor here is the size of the commitments themselves, the "additive EC point" is 512 bits (is that correct?) while "multiplicative large hash" is 3072 bits?
Thanks for explaining!  I thought computing the multiplicative inverse could be amortized over multiple UTXO deletions, is my understanding correct?  Although I guess it would be really hard.  I thought I read on the mailinglist that you're leaning towards the multiplicative one?
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:34:57
In practice, the recovery keys on a piece of paper is functionally a paper wallet.  I don't know why paper wallet generators restrict themselves to just encoding the random gibberish of xpriv encoding when the private key can be better encoded using the same 12-word recovery seed that practically every recent wallet and Electrum supports.
Hmm, looks like a small fun project I can make... bitcoin made me do it :D
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:46:07
RemindMe! 1 year
@_date: 2019-10-14 03:55:01
Yes, in the future that the subsidy drops to negligible levels, but the important part of Bitcoin is to not be able to prejudice against valid transactions and prevent them from occurring ([Censorship Resistance](
As transactions include fees automatically, once *any* transaction is made onchain it will then become economically rational to restart mining the chain.  This is the basis of censorship resistance: transactions incentivize all miners without prejudice, thus miners that want to censor particular transactions suffer loss of potential funds due to rejecting transactions they deem "evil".
And in any case, as long as nobody is interested in transacting, there is no real need to continue mining the chain anyway, so that's perfectly fine.
@_date: 2019-10-12 06:10:13
If starting and caring for a small business is what you are good at, you might do some good at meetups with developers who might have ideas for possible products in the space, but are otherwise unsure / not knowledgeable about how to bring products from design and development to market and so on.  Getting in touch with developers and wannabe developers at meetups and conference may help you and Bitcoin better.
Though I suppose education is still good.
@_date: 2019-08-15 07:06:39
It still got caught, didn't it?
@_date: 2019-08-23 09:59:53
Do note that if a quantum break occurs, MimbleWimble-based blockchains are ***doomed***.  Quantum breakage would mean that elliptic-curve Pedersen commitments are trivially forgeable (and allow uncontrollable inflation) by anyone with a quantum computer in their back pocket.
MimbleWimble cannot transfer commitments from elliptic curve to some other homomorphic construction that is quantum-safe (and there might not exist such a homomorphic construction that is *also* quantum-safe, though I am not enough of a mathist to know this; try looking up Lattice-based crypto, which seems to have some kind of limited homomorphism). You can only transfer by revealing your blinding key *and* your amount, and revelation of the blinding key is equivalent to revelation of private keys.
This is unlike Bitcoin, where a quantum break is survivable if people are able to switch to a quantum-safe addresses before quantum computers are widespread: no inflation and only specifically-attacked addresses are vulnerable, can transfer to quantum-safe addresses without revelation of the private key unless specifically attacked with the quantum computer, etc.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:05:00
5 Philippine pesos.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:18:10
Stop working and start writing games.  I have plans for a bunch of 4x games on me.  Just need to get rich so I can start writing them.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:11:06
It only shows the public part of the network, i.e. those nodes with at least one published channel.  Some wallets default to making new channels as unpublished, though I don't know why they would do that.
Short rant: unpublished channels are ***not private***.  Every transaction you make via an unpublished channel is known to be yours, because as an unpublished channel, nobody else can use it to route: only you are the sole user of your unpublished channel, and the other node of the channel knows that every transaction going through that is tied to your node.  So you should really use published channels all the time.
@_date: 2019-10-30 05:25:21
How about this?
* Encode the file in an forward-error-correcting code, creating more output blocks than input blocks.
* Upload the FEC blocks into the IPFS, remembering the address of each FEC block.
* Generate a Merkle tree of the block addresses.
* Commit the Merkle tree root on the Bitcoin blockchain.
* Run an onion service that reveals the Merkle tree proof of all the FEC block addresses to anyone who cares.
* Provide the onion service to anyone who wants to get your file.
* Anyone who gets the Merkle tree proof can provide the same proof to anyone else, too.
@_date: 2019-10-14 04:26:10


It helps to look into the Cryptoeconomics section of the libbitcoin wiki, administered by Eric Voskuil. 
There are two types of savings: hoarding and investing. "HODL" is primarily hoarding.  Hoarding is necessary as a hedge against future uncertainty: perhaps government-backed fiat collapses soon, perhaps not, so you put in some section of your net worth into Bitcoin rather than local government-backed fiat.
Now, hoarding has a real cost: instead of loaning out your economic value to a business (one you start yourself, or self-training so you can be better at your current job for your current employer (and hopefully you'll get "interest" on this investment by getting a raise later), or an outright loan "I give you N BTC today, you give me back N+1 BTC tomorrow" to somebody who's going to need capital for business), you are just keeping it in your hardwware wallet.  Thus, hoarding takes on a real cost to each HODLer; this is known as cash drag.
However, it is always helpful to remind everyone that part of cash drag is the inflation tax imposed by central banks.  Thus, HODL is primarily a rallying cry against inflation tax.  People *have to* hoard, as a simple hedge against disaster, because what would you do if you had no cash stashed away when disaster strikes?  HODLing in BTC means that hoarding is at least only sacrificing the opportunity cost of being lent to businesses and other economic expansion; it no longer sacrifices your net worth to inflation.




Layering is the only way for Bitcoin to scale.
Blockchains can't scale.  Historically, the very first response to Satoshi's announcement of the Bitcoin whitepaper [was to point out its scaling problems](


Since blockchains, ***by themselves***, cannot scale, that means that the utility of Bitcoin is limited unless we somehow transcend the scaling problems.
To solve the scaling problem, a bandwidth cap on the blockchain layer was imposed, as otherwise a global uncapped network risks constantly splitting itself off into little competing islands.  This imposes economic costs on transactions, and drives the fee market, while ensuring that the blockchain layer remains whole and consensus-forming.
Layers on top of the blockchain layer, that are themselves **not** blockchains (i.e. sidechains are out!), offer the possibility of actually encouraging more transactions to operate within Bitcoin.  This means that many small transactions, that individually would not fit on the blockchain (because of the economic costs above) can ride on the higher layers.
Inevitably, summaries of the individual transactions on upper layers will be posted onchain.  Each of the individual transactions will have very low fees, but their summary includes the aggregate of their fees as well.  And while part of those fees will be kept by the higher layer, part of them will also be given to the base blockchain layer.
Without the higher layers, those transactions that cannot fit on the base blockchain layer will simply be done on non-Bitcoin systems, and the fees they could have paid will never get to the miners.
Thus, higher layers increase the ability of miners to get transaction fees by making many small transactions feasible for them to charge fees on, because it's part of the aggregate of those fees that are given to the miners.  Without higher layers miners won't be able to tap into that market at all, and would be worse off.
@_date: 2019-08-20 04:36:47
It could probably be done.  Of note is that modern x86-compatible CPUs (and possibly some ARM-derived?) have SIMD instructions which are sort of like mini-GPUs already, and has already implemented this in libsecp256k1.
Possibly the bottleneck might be the transfer between the GPU-accessible VRAM and the CPU-accessible normal RAM, though.  For mining this is a trivial tradeoff, you only need to transfer a block header over to the VRAM and the GPU can handle the nonce incrementation by itself (GPUs are far slower than ASIcs and you usually will not be able to overflow the nonce counter in one second tooo), but for block verification you need to transfer all the block data (which is *much* larger than the block header) into the VRAM.
It may be possible under some architectures, but the expected benefits may be smaller (the CPU already probably has a mini-GPU inside it in the form of SIMD instructions, you have to push all the block data into the VRAM and that might not be fast compared to just having the CPU read the normal RAM and then use its mini-GPU SIMD instructions, etc.).
If you have the ability to do this, it might make for a fun project, but one with a chance of not actually giving any benefit.  Otherwise you might want to look for a freelancer to do this kind of low-level hacking work, which might not come cheap (and remember there is a chance of not actually giving any benefit).  I suspect the benefits are minor at best and non-existent at worst, but actually doing this trumps any armchair analysis.
@_date: 2017-08-31 08:30:18
Depends on your hashrate.  The nonce is just 32-bit, that's 4,294,967,296 possibilities.  If you have greater than 4.294'967'296 Gigahashes/second, the timestamp might not have budged yet.
One known technique, to avoid having to recompute the Merkle tree, is to also grind the lower bits of the timestamp.
@_date: 2019-08-13 07:44:40
Bitcoins could be provably burned on Earth (by paying to an `OP_RETURN` embedded in a P2SH and revealing the script to anyone who wants proof of unspendability).
Then the bitcoins burned can be instantiated in a new blockchain on a remote location whose economy is being started up.  Ostensibly the bitcoins instantiated as such have "the same value" as bitcoins still on the Earth network.
Unfortunately larger mining operations on Earth can attack the remote location by secretly mining the remote new blockchain, then sending their private chain split later to the remote blockchain network via anonymous new nodes on the remote location.
Another way would be an interplanetary Lightning Network.  All channel events (opens and closes) need to be posted onchain on Earth and you would need long locktimes for unilateral cases (to prevent channel theft) but once the channel is set up, transfer of funds is only as slow as the communications latency between remote node and Earth node, and would not be particularly sensitive to block rate, and would still be reasonably safe (assuming Earth miners do not censor remote locations).
@_date: 2019-10-02 04:14:33
Assuming a free-form `scriptPubKey`, you could use explicit pubkey list.  Multisignature P2SH tend to just use an explicit pubkey list like the above.
@_date: 2019-10-16 04:32:25
Obviously it is good for someone, or else it isn't happening.  But those someones tend to get charged less than 0.04 USD per kilowatt-hour, have low-latency Internet, and can naturally cool their mining rigs without additional airconditioning units.  That's not an average joe.
@_date: 2019-08-08 06:12:12
You can bet your fanny it was.
@_date: 2019-10-07 09:08:31
It's a pay-to-pubkey, not a later P2PKH pay-to-pubkey-***hash***.  It just put `&lt;satoshiPubKey&gt; OP_CHECKSIG` explicitly on the `scriptPubKey`.  Some people consider P2PK as a "separate" address domain that just so happens not to have a commonly-used standard for writing the address for, so it might be valid to say "Satoshi's addresses" in that context, but formally speaking it's a direct `scriptPubKey` with `&lt;pubkey&gt; OP_CHECKSIG` script.
@_date: 2019-10-04 07:47:42
This is exactly the same attack that central banks used to steal gold and silver from the public.  Obviously they can do it with any asset they value.  The point is to not sell any asset for their fiat.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:26:59


Name a bunch.  Then I'll show you how most of their improvements are not really improvements over Bitcoin.  Probably the only one that have anything better is Monero with its strong privacy, but its scaling is even worse than Bitcoin's.  Grin might do better there, but still cannot support higher layers which is probably the best way to scale any cryptocurrency.


And?  is the reason for decentralization.  Every coin that can have particular transactions censored or reversed does not have censorship resistance.  The identity of who controls the hashers is immaterial: the ability to kick them out economically is the material advantage.


There is: voting weight can be locked in (a 51% attacker can permanently prevent new stakes from being formed to fight them off), but energy supplies are abundant and ubiquitous and hashers can be kicked out with enough economic power.  That's why the judgment of the voting-weight has to be externalized, not internal to the coin.
@_date: 2019-10-20 04:06:58
First, realize that Bitcoin is separate from services (such as websites and exchanges) that use Bitcoin.
Bitcoin, as the blockchain layer, is peer-to-peer.  There is no server or client.  You run a node, which connects to other nodes, and which learns about the network.  When your node catches up, it can help other nodes learn about the network, and also participates in helping validate transactions.
Running a node requires a lot of Internet bandwidth and (depending on settings) possibly a few hundred gigabytes of disk space, and catching up to the network takes time measurable in days (depending on hardware and Internet bandwidth).  Most people do not want to take that trouble.
Bitcoin, as used by most people, have some server that itself runs a node, and which people often connect to using limited, non-node clients.  You can set up one such server yourself and run, for example, a client on your phone which uses your own server that runs a node, and thereby become a peer.
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:03:08
"Check out this cool new thing: 'pay-to-endpoint' / 'payjoin' / 'bustapay'."
@_date: 2019-10-17 05:02:20
USB hub. :)
Though I guess if somebody has physical access to your device and can lug around a USB hub to connect a wifi plus keyboard to, they might as well just dump your privkeys anyway hahahaha.
@_date: 2019-08-01 02:38:24
@_date: 2019-10-25 09:10:27
Consider Lightning Network.  Very roughly:
* Money (bitcoins) is placed in a 2-of-2 UTXO controlled by two users.
* An initial distribution of this (called the "commitment transaction")  UTXO back to the initial contributions is created.  For example if I put 0.1BTC into it and you put nothing, then initially this commitment transaction distributes back 0.1BTC to me and nothing to you.
  * Actually this is done before the money is actually moved, by using something called SegWit to pre-sign the commitment transaction before the funding transaction (which moves it into the 2-of-2 UTXO) is signed.
* The commitment transaction is *not* put onchain!  This is the bit of magic.
  * This is safe because we *could* put it onchain at any time in the future, and no other transaction can exist which can spend the 2-of-2 UTXO unless *both* of us agree to make one.
* Every time we want to transact directly with each other, we just agree to move the division of the money in the commitment transaction.  So if I want to send 0.01 BTC to you, we just agree on a new state (almkglor = 0.09, randomannon1234 = 0.01) and create a new commitment transaction with the new distribution of  funds.
* But the previous (initial) commitment transaction is still valid!
* Actually, all commitment transactions are "revocable".  This means that, the commitment transaction has some restrictions, and if its revealed by one of us, the other one can reveal a revocation key and then get to claim the entire fund as reparation for the theft attempt.  This means that if I try to use an older, revoked commitment to reverse my payment to you, I risk losing all money I have in this UTXO.
  * The process of revocation requires the exchange of revocation keys.  Once an older commitment is revoked, if it appears onchain, the revocation key must be revealed within a timeout period.  After the timeout, the commitment is considered to be final.
* But this just lets us transfer money back-and-forth between the two of us!  How can we pay, for example, my friend who I owe the price of an ice cream to?
* Suppose that you have another such 2-of-2 UTXO with a commitment transaction, this time between you and renepickhardt.
* Now, instead of just transferring funds directly, I can use a cross-system atomic swap.  This is a cryptographic contract.
  * I know of the hash of a number (preimage).  I don't know the preimage myself.
  * I know that renepickhardt knows this preimage.
  * Using some of my remaining 0.09BTC in our system, I offer the below contract:
    * If you can show me the preimage of this hash, you get 0.011BTC.
    * Otherwise, after 2 hours, the 0.011BTC reverts back to me.
  * You don't know the preimage either, but I tell you "oh renepickhardt knows the preimage of that hash, and I want to pay him 0.01 BTC".
  * You know you have a 2-of-2 UTXO with a commitment transaction with you and renepickhardt.
  * So using some of your coins in *that* system, you offer the below contract to renepickhardt:
    * If renepickhardt can show you the preimage of this hash, renepickhardt gets 0.01BTC.
    * Otherwise, after 1 hour, the 0.01BTC reverts back to you.
  * renepickhardt wants to get the money ASAP, so reveals the preimage to you to get the 0.01BTC (which I owe to him).
  * Now you know the preimage, and can now claim the 0.011BTC from me.
     * You paid out 0.01BTC to renepickhardt, but got 0.011BTC from me, giving you a 0.001BTC earnings from this arrangement (note: this is unrealistically high for the current Lightning Network, most forwarding nodes wouldn't charge that much).
  * Thus a cross-system atomic swap: it crosses between our 2-of-2 UTXO with commitment transaction system, to the one between you and renepikchardt.  It's atomic: if renepickhardt delays claiming until just before the 1-hour timeout, you still have an additional 1 hour to claim your own money.
This allows transactions to be done without interacting with the blockchain, except to establish the secondary 2-of-2 systems.  It's even possible to add more layers.  For example, channel factories would allow secondary n-of-n systems to host multiple tertiary 2-of-2 systems like what I just described above, so that even fewer transactions need to occur on the blockchain layer.
Scaling is still a problem and will remain a problem, but further layers can be built to increase the transaction-carryin capacity of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-16 04:51:21
People have been combining PoW with PoS for a long time.  Usually after they realize that their pure-PoS shitcoin had a few trolls buying up their coin while it was cheap and then attacking the coin.
Just don't PoS. 
PoS is never a good solution, and just weakens PoW when combined with it.  Go PoW.  51% attacks are a chimera: once identified, economic incentives will drive economic entities to allocate resources to mining until 51% attacks are no longer possible.  
@_date: 2019-08-16 09:39:50
If everyone agreed with you, would you have consensus, or would you have no consensus?
@_date: 2019-08-08 06:09:33
Because the world is a big place.  It might take you a good amount of time and money just to get to my country, never mind my city and my home, for example, total stranger over the Internet.
@_date: 2019-08-16 11:15:04


This is a consequence of Shannon information theory.  The more complex your language, the more possible symbols you need to express one "thought" of the language.  The more possible symbols, the more bits needed to store one symbol.
As a concrete example, consider a language which only contains statements of the form "send payment to X".  Then the language can be encoded by encoding just X.
Consider an alternate language which contains statements of the form "send payment to X" ***and*** statements of the form "send half of the money to X and the other half to Y".  Then in order to encode "send payment to X" you need 1 bit, ***plus*** the encoding of X.  The extra bit is needed to differentiate between "send payment to X" and "send half of the money to X and the other half to Y".
Thus, more complex languages imply greater storage needed for every operation.  You can Huffman-encode your complex language, but a language where you simply cannot express certain operations will still take less storage than a language that still allows rare operations.
See also:  ; Bitcoin restricts itself to text like "ababab" which requires less storage to compress.


What?  LOL.  You are in r/bitcoin, WTF?


This is a simple observation of how technology evolves.
In the past, Unix was very simple and did only few things, in comparison to an older project called Multics.  Multics was so-called because it was a multi-user multi-computer operating system and tried to do everything right.  Unix reduced the scope of Multics and made it into a simple operating system that allowed multiple users on a single VAX.  Nowadays Unix-derived operating systems operate the Internet and all Linux and MacOs boxen, and hardly anyone knows about Multics.  Along the way Unix-derived operating systems have gotten the complex things that "the right thing" Multics tried to do in the first place.
In the past, the GNU project was working on their Hurd kernel, the last part of the operating system they needed to actually have a completely open-source free-as-in-freedom operating system.  It tried to do "the right thing" and was a microkernel that let userspace programs provide services, such as creating virtual filesystems.  It got nowhere. Then in the early 90s some wog named his friend's open-source free-as-in-freedom kernel "Linux" and provided it on his ftp server.  Linux just ran on Intel 80386 processors and was a monolithic kernel that did not allow userspace programs to provide system services.  Today, every "Linux" box you know is GNU / Linux (GNU operating system on top of Linux) and Hurd remains a half-dead niche project.  And modern Linux supports FUSE, i.e. Filesystems in User Space Extensions.  So modern Linux has acquired capabilities that "the right thing" Hurd tried to design in, in the first place.
I'm not saying that I ***want*** Bitcoin to have a Turing-complete SCRIPT.  I'm saying that I ***predict*** that somebody is going to bolt on a Turing-complete programming system on top of Bitcoin and it will be glorious and everybody will have forgotten Ethereum by then, just as today Multics and Hurd are but dim memories of a bygone era.
Human beings have limits, they don't have brains the size of the universe.  Thus there is an optimal size of thing they can design.  Make the thing too big and try to design it in a single step (rather than by accretion of many smaller steps) and things just fail, because they're too complicated for human beings to realize all the gotchas and so on.
What I'm saying is that small sharp tools will **persist**, outlive their bloated overdesigned competitors, and then acquire the capabilities those competitors ***tried*** to have right from the start.


I'll just reiterate myself:
What I'm saying is that small sharp tools will **persist**, outlive their bloated overdesigned competitors, and then acquire the capabilities those competitors ***tried*** to have right from the start.
Thus, even if we eventually find some ***other*** utility of blockchain, you should bet on small sharp Bitcoin finding it, not big bloated Ethereum.
@_date: 2019-08-01 02:33:00
It already exists.  It's called JoinMarket.
@_date: 2019-10-15 10:15:29
This was the old scaling solution, the old paradigm, pre-Lightning.  It culminates in the Liquid sidechain, which is effectively a custodial fund managed by multiple banks / exchanges which promise to let you redeem funds you deposited on Liquid back on the Bitcoin blockchain.
But promises can be broken.  Thus Liquid is custodial, and you should trust it only to the extent that you trust the exchanges who sign its blocks.
This old paradigm, incidentally, is not as old as the very oldest glimmers of the paradigm that Lightning represents now. 
On Lightning, your funds remain under your control and you can recover your funds back to the Bitcoin network without requiring the cooperation of anybody else.  It just requires time: the money is encumbered as you release it from the Lightning Network if you do so without the cooperation of your counterparty.  In contrast, on Liquid you cannot recover your money, at all, even after waiting, if the federation behind it decides not to release it back to you.  At least on Lightning all you need is a bounded wait time to recover your funds in case you decide to exit Lightning.  This is thus not a Bitcoin-backed bank.
@_date: 2017-08-06 23:43:38
Apple is unlikely to go belly up tommorow, but tommorow there may be new FUD that depresses the btc price. So depends on the time horizon.
@_date: 2019-08-29 05:27:25
Oh look!  Roger isn't banned on rbitcoin like he says he is!  LOOOOOOOOOL
@_date: 2019-08-28 08:51:56
Complain to their "high-skilled customer support".  The website has the problem.  If they don't reply with their "high-skilled customer support" then you got scammed.  Don't store Bitcoins on websites.  Not your keys, not your coins.
@_date: 2019-10-24 02:15:49
I would rather lose value to the market, than lose value to fucking government thugs who don't even give lousy government services.  Your tradeoffs may be different.  Feel free to not use Bitcoin.
Also it's *still* up from when I last bought, so I haven't lost anything to it.  Down 50% from last week?  It's still up 100% from when I last bought and I still get to say "FUCK YOU INFLATION" as well.
@_date: 2019-08-20 04:12:47
Great job sipa!
I've been reading over some of your code and talks about this, and one thing that came to my mind was that the use of continuation-passing style matches up quite closely with your use of "compilation strategies" (`Strat` in your C++ code).
Basically, CPS-transform the miniscript, which should be a mechanical operation.  The CPS-transformation makes every expression into a lambda taking two arguments, a `k_pass` continuation (the expression succeeds) and a `k_fail` continuation (the expression fails).  Then something like `or` would be `or(k_pass, k_fail, left, right) = left k_pass (\ -&gt; right k_pass k_fail)`.  Standard beta-reductions would handle much of the `Strat::Type::OR`, etc.  Then you would pass in particular special `k_pass` and `k_fail` continuations to the topmost expression (equivalent to your `Strat::Type::TRUE` and `Strat::Type::FALSE`, if my understanding of your code is correct) during the SCRIPT-generation stage.
Probably better if I had actual working code but real life has a way of limiting the time I can afford to spend on Bitcoin stuff...
@_date: 2019-10-16 03:43:53
I have no idea what a "Bitcoin 2" situation would look like, other than some shitfork like Bitcoin Cash, and in that case, historically Bitcoin abides.
But in any case: Ethereum's move to POS (~~piece-of-shit~~proof-of-stake) and reseating of its genesis state to the last state of Ethereum 1 is just a sign of its atrocious lack of sensibility.
In any case, the economy trumps everything, including hashrate (hashrate follows price!).  So just look at what is valuable.
@_date: 2019-08-07 07:34:59


This is already true now.  Nobody rational would invest in anything if the interest was below the expected inflation rate.  In a deflationary currency, you would invest if the payoff was above 0% interest.  This is true regardless if the inflation rate is 0 (Bitcoin) or &gt;2% (most fiat).
Take for example JoinMarket.  Many people are investing some amount into it, driving its growth and its development.  They do this even if the fees are tiny *because any earnings denominated in Bitcoin is profit*.  If you were using an inflationary coin, like fiat, you would not invest unless you go above the expected inflation rate either.
On the other hand, if you want to force people into irrational behavior so that they invest even in something that will provide less than the inflation rate, then you're just exploiting people.  *That* is actively hostile.
@_date: 2019-08-15 06:58:46
You can avoid it now by using Tor: the ISP can't see behind Tor-protocol messages and can't insert themselves there.
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:03:18
Black swans, as a class, are not unexpected.
However, individual black swans are unexpected.  Your question is asking for examples of individual black swans.
@_date: 2017-08-31 23:44:45
Yah well, did you think becoming omniscient was easy?
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:29:56
No, because once every Bitcoin is mined, the incentive for miners is only the fees.
In fact, one might say that the true transaction fees are higher than what is currently actually paid, since as of now every block inflates the Bitcoin supply by ~~25.0 BTC~~ 12.5 BTC (thanks Banana_mufn), which lowers the value of every held BTC and is effectively a tax on hodlers to encourage non-hodlers to adopt the coin.
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:14:18


Possible but not yet part of the spec:
Currently only the one requesting the channel open is the one who puts money in.  There's a `push_msat` where the requesting node sends money to the receiving node, but the receiving node does *not* put money into it.
So currently if you want to receive by LN, you have to ask people to make channels to you, or make channels to them and pay them (and the amount you pay is the max amount you can receive on that channel, which is kinda pointless if you want to *earn* money).
@_date: 2017-08-13 14:20:13
Schnorr signatures, drivechains, UTXO commitments.
@_date: 2019-08-27 05:01:46
Use the privkey as the nonce. This is not even nonce reuse.  XOR it with a random number the attacker knows.  Done this way it is impossible to find.
@_date: 2019-10-17 02:18:53
I agree with the other guy here. Unless you know what you're doing, your risk of messing up and LOSING ALL FUNDS is pretty high.  And if you knew what you were doing, you wouldn't be asking.
Though if it's for purpose of self-education --- go get a RaspPi or similar single-board-computer (I believe BeagleBones and Olimex boards have better free-as-in-freedom drivers for their hardware, if that's relevant to you), physically remove any wifi it might have (i.e. desolder it, or buy a board without wifi, and probably desolder any USB so you don't inadvertently connect a wifi USB adapter either), then set up an SD card (or whatever the board uses) with a libre no-binary-blobs OS and copy over an Electrum wallet.  See  , because there's no AppImage for ARM devices yet, you'll have to set up a docker.  And store only a *small* amount.  Try sending to it and from it from/to your current wallet, just so you know you've set it up correctly.
Notice that you'll be setting up your SD card on another computer, because guess what, you have to go download the OS and the Electrum.  So you still need other hardware in order to work, anyway.
Alternately if you have a spare old computer or old laptop lying around, you can set up the Electrum there, and if it's recent enough (x86-64) then you can just grab an Electrum appimage from  (DO NOT CLICK THAT LINK, IT'S POSSIBLE TO MAKE LINKS GO TO SOMEWHERE DIFFERENT FROM THE TEXT, PLEASE MEMORIZE THE ELECTRUM WEBSITE AND TYPE IT IN RATHER THAN CLICKING ANYTHING) copy it to your Linux installation flash disk or something and copy it over after you reformat the old computer or laptop.
@_date: 2019-08-09 04:43:00
What's in it for me?
@_date: 2019-08-27 04:50:53
There is now actual "owner" of open source software.
Instead, focus on your hardware.  What software do you run in it?  Do you know what it does?  If your software does not do quite what you need it to do, can you modify it?  Does the software report what you are doing to its creator?  If a bug is found, can you change it easily yourself if you can understand the bug and how to fix it?
Free and open-source software is not about ownership of software, it is about ***non***-ownership of ***soft***ware and ownership of ***hard***ware.
Now there are some community members who work as gatekeepers on specific repositories of software.  For instance, Wladimir van der Laan is the final gatekeeper in the Bitcoin Core project, and is the one who authorizes releases of that software.
But in the end, it is the owner of each hardware node that decides what code to run.  You might delegate the task of judging which code is best to such a gatekeeper, but it is still by your decision.
If you reject a particular change, as the owner of such hardware, then you exercise this simple right you have: the right to your own property.
Thus, it is not about "anyone can modify it".  Sure anyone can modify it.  The point is ***nobody can force you to run it***.  Consider what shitty things Microsoft and other shit companies do: they default you to automatic updates and have no public oversight of the process of bringing code to each update.  Bitcoin Core, and other projects like Mozilla, Linux, Debian, etc., all have publicly-visible processes in the update stream, and many such projects will not  pressure you to do automatic updates (Bitcoin Core has the policy of never having automatic updates, other projects default this to off or tuck away information about automatic updates in some discreet corner of the UI).
@_date: 2019-10-19 03:20:48
How does this network identify the user requesting the signature is indeed the user who actually owns the coins?  If the user holds one share and m-1 nodes on the network the rest, if I mug the user and take that one share, how is that different from the case "the user holds the entire key and I can mug the user and take that one key" i.e. no decentralized network?
You cannot delegate responsibility unless you incentivize someone to take responsibility.  Solve the economic problem first, then figure out how to implement the technology to enforce the economic solution.
@_date: 2019-10-02 08:47:22
Never roll your own crypto.
What problem are you trying to solve?  Don't think "SSS is cool, I should use it!".
As somebody mentioned, you are better off with multisignature.
@_date: 2019-10-17 03:18:22
Wasabi and JoinMarket.
@_date: 2019-10-20 04:12:54
In any economic transaction, both parties must come to a meeting of minds and agreement that it is mutually beneficial.  This includes being hired as an employee.
Even today, employers will open a bank account to deposit the employee's salary in.  I don't imagine it will be much different in a Lightning future: employers will just open a channel instead.
@_date: 2019-10-30 05:43:14
See, *ideally* capitalism works this way:
* I sacrifice something in order to create something else that makes life better.
  * I write code that makes it easier to do things without being paid for it.
  * I build a net to make it easier to catch fish, instead of catching fish today that I can eat.
* I use that something else to make my life better.
* Everyone else sees I made my life better and start offering me blowjobs so that they can use my something else to make *their* lives better.
* Others realize they can do the same sacrifice and *get* the blowjobs themselves rather than giving me blowjobs.
* We start to compete in the various arenas, so that it takes fewer and fewer blowjobs to convince me (or my competitors) to offer my something else for the benefit of everyone else.
* I get more blowjobs if everyone's lives get better from my work.
  * I (and my competitors) start working even harder to get more blowjobs from everyone.
So that's exactly what Satoshi did.  Now everyone bows to Satoshi and lets him fuck them anally, which I heard is much better than blowjobs.
Patents are ***not*** capitalistic --- they are monopolies granted by governments, and as such are market distortions (patents are cronyism).  In the absence of patents, the market works correctly, and we have a working Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2019-10-02 04:50:49
He did indicate that his LLC has fiat in a bank account currently, and that's what he wants to convert to BTC.  So the LLC's money is already liable to being taken in a lawsuit.  Converting it to BTC just protects it from the inflation tax.
@_date: 2019-10-14 03:33:22
Which part, that the death-knell is tolling for altcoins?
@_date: 2019-10-14 04:40:23
Difficulty adjusts downward until the cost of producing blocks is at the level that users are willing to spend on fees.
@_date: 2019-08-27 04:31:56
And hashpower corrupts.... hashingly.
@_date: 2019-10-24 01:54:21
You'll need a temporary LN node, a permanent one with existing channels, and an offchain-to-onchain swap service such as Lightning Loop.
Give dirty coins to your temporary node and make random channels to random points on the network. Send over Lightning to your permanent node (clear up incoming capacity by using the swap service to spend Lightning for onchain funds if needed). Then get fresh onchain funds by swapping using the offchain to onchain swap.
Make sure not to swap out the same amounts you are feeding into the network: the whole point of having the permanent node is to let you buffer some value and obscure against same-amount analysis. E.g. you stole 30mBTC, transfer 30mBTC to your permanent node, then swap out for a 5mBTC onchain, then swap out for 25mBTC onchain. Stuff like that. Don't rush so that even timing correlation is hard. That's the whole point of the permanent node, it breaks amount and timing correlation.
Due to reserve requirements 1% of the channel funds cannot be sent on Lightning. You could close the channels of the temporary node and reconsolidate if the remaining value is significant. Or just close them and burn or donate the remaining dirty funds. Then destroy the temporary node.
@_date: 2019-10-23 06:39:31
Looks like [taking pictures of foxes](
@_date: 2019-10-30 05:13:51


To a not-well-paid clerk working overtime, entering all sorts of gobblygook from half-illegible papers written by other clerks and delivery personnel working overtime, the difference between a UI entry interface backed by a MySQL server and a UI entry interface backed by a blockchain is ZILCH.
This is the so-called "oracle problem", and is not fixable.  That not-well-paid clerk is an "oracle" who provides the raw information that the computer system (whether blockchain-based or not) processes.  And you know what they say: garbage in, garbage out.


Bitcoin tokens are purely virtual and live inside the blockchain.  As such, there is no external oracle needed to inform the Bitcoin blockchain about what the characteristics of those tokens are --- their properties are fixed by consensus rules.  Any application which seeks to put information into a blockchain will be subject to the oracle problem.


@_date: 2019-10-08 06:49:47


Combined *public* key, not private.  Each signer keeps its own private key private, but a single public key represents the entire signing set.
This allows the use of a single signature for multisignature setups: only one signature appears onchain, but to generate that single signature requires that all signers agree (or for m-of-n, that at least m signers agree).  Thus a 2-of-2 multisig would have only one signature.  This is actually a rather massive privacy boost: m-of-n multisignature addresses become indistinguishable from ordinary singlesig addresses, instead of revealing exactly how many m and n are.
Lightning, it should be noted, uses 2-of-2 for funding transaction outputs.  This reduces the onchain space on channel closure a little, by the size of one signature.
But note that there are also plans for Lightning to eventually utilize a mechanism called channel factories.  If you squint at them, offchain mechanisms like that used for Lightning (and the upgrade "eltoo" Decker-Russell-Osuntokun mechanism) are really "the same kind" of thing as a blockchain and can host any contract the blockchain supports, except the people who can safely use it are the signers (2-of-2 for Lightning channels) and that they need a "lower" layer to depend on in case of dispute.  That "lower" layer is currently the blockchain, but nothing prevents that lower layer from being a different mechanism instead, including, say, another channel mechanism: as the channel itself is just a smart contract, that itself can host any smart contract, you can put a channel mechanism inside a channel mechanism perfectly fine (**I N C E P T I O N**).  So a channel factory is just a large n-of-n (n &gt; 2) channel mechanism that itself hosts 2-of-2 channel mechanisms.  The channel factory layer then just has a single transaction output, even though it can host up to n * (n - 1) channels.  That single transaction output is an n-of-n multisignature, which again, with Schnorr-like signatures, can be represented by a single public key and require a single signature, further boosting the already-excellent scaling that channel factories provide.
But further than that is that Schnorr signatures are linear.  What this means is that it is possible to arrange things so that creating a valid signature will also release a secret (that is not the same as the private key).  This can be used to implement something like hashlocks, which is the current mechanism Lightning uses to route.  However, the secret revealed is the scalar behind a publicly-known point, and because of the homomorphism of points and scalars under elliptic curves, a lot of magic can be done with points and scalars that are impossible with hashes and preimages.  See this link:  and look for "payment point" for what magical things are enabled by this.
@_date: 2017-08-08 10:46:14
You're operating on the assumption that bit4 signalling was for SEGWIT2X.  There was another proposal, bip91, which used bit4 signalling to eventually force bit1 signalling.  The bip91 proposal never specified a hardfork in the future - it only specified an 80% level for bit4, after which it would reject blocks that did not have bit1 set.
The contention is that miners may be running bip91 (SegWit-on-bit4) or they may be running btc1 (SegWit2x).  The bip91 nodes are fully compatible with 0.15.x and will not be disconnected.  With 0.15.x rollout we can see who voted for bip91 and who voted for btc1.
@_date: 2019-10-25 00:04:05


Bullshit.  Anyone who studies economy for even a little realizes that greed, properly channeled, is what makes us advance.  It's whether you utilize strategies that destroy and steal, or strategies that uplift everyone, that determines if you are good or evil, not your motivations.  I'm a greedy bastard who supports Lightning development because I believe it will increase the value of my stack, and you won't get a workable scaling network without Lightning development. Greed is never the problem: cruelty is.
@_date: 2019-10-16 04:26:22
Not inherently.  As mentions in  though, the Ledger web interface is not private and Ledger will learn your IP address whenever you log into it and connect your Ledger.
The "tor-native" wallet dietrolldietroll refers to is basically just Wasabi at this point.  Download Wasabi Wallet and connect your hardware wallet, it should work with both Trezor and Ledger.  You'd have to update your hardware wallet firmware manually though (again, doing this by the Ledger web interface leaks your addresses), that means listening to Ledger when they release new firmware and probably having to do some low-level stuff.
If you have been using the Ledger on the web interface, realize that its privacy has already been compromised and  you should assume that Ledger knows all addresses, including ones you have not used yet.  If this is a problem, make a new Wasabi softwallet, transfer your Ledger funds there, mix (Wasabi requires at least 100mBTC to mix, and you should pay attention to what labels it uses --- ZeroLink Change is still unmixed, ZeroLink Output is mixed), reset your Ledger (and rewrite the new seed words) and *then* transfer the mixed funds to the Ledger.  Use only Wasabi for your privacy.  ABOVE INSTRUCTIONS ARE GIVEN AS-IS WITH NO WARRANTY OR LIABILITY IN CASE OF FUNDS LOSS.
@_date: 2019-10-23 17:34:09
Nothing.  There is an assumption inherent to Bitcoin, an assumption that we accept simply by comparison to BitTorrent and Tor: [the Axiom of Resistance](  That is, that a truly non-state-controlled programmable money is so valuable that people will inherently resist state controls, including shutting down the more obvious fiat on-ramps.  Consider that systems like Bisq and HodlHodl now exist, which are far harder to shut down than centralized exchanges.  Presumably future potential users might want to go further in the rabbit hole and double down, so that fiat on-ramps that are easy to shut down simply strengthen fiat on-ramps that are difficult to shut down.
@_date: 2019-10-04 05:57:23
The IP thing was supposed to be temporarily removed only, and would be "returned" in the future by Satoshi at some point.  Addresses were proposed as a way to send and receive money until the IP thing could be returned.  It's a bit like how `OP_CAT` and friends were only "temporarily" to be removed, even though they remain removed up to now and there isn't much discussion yet to return them.
I still haven't managed to dig up what other proposals there were --- I think the fact that pay-to-IP required the payee to be online, whereas addresses could have the payee be offline and receive it in background, was what sealed the fate of pay-to-IP in practice, and there have been other proposals (BIP70) where the address is not exposed to the user, but in the end nobody used it and everyone went with addresses.
The Bitcoin software (it wasn't named "Bitcoin Core" yet then) was supposed to include some kind of market system too, where people would broadcast bids and etc. over the peer-to-peer protocol, and sending of `scriptPubKey` would also happen via this layer somehow.  It didn't materialize either.  Though see the "defiads" project.
@_date: 2019-10-17 03:21:57
No.  I am not invested in Bitcoin at all.  I am in Bitcoin purely for the technology.  I lost all my Bitcoin in a tragic nose-picking accident to days ago.
@_date: 2019-10-17 03:11:44
Bitcoin: A Beer-to-Beer Electronic Smash System
Abstract: A purely beer-to-beer version of electronic smash would allow online alcohol to be drunk directly from one party to another without going through a teetotaler institution.
@_date: 2019-10-24 07:33:43
Thing is, `option_data_loss_protect` exists already.  Why does his `lnd` not have it?  I remember had a friend who wanted to quickly transfer over all the funds of a channel to another node he controlled (his friend had two nodes with a channel between them, and he wanted to decommission one of them) and recommended to recover from an old db backup so that the other node (which he controlled anyway) would punish the theft... and the C-Lightning node used `option_data_loss_protect` to recover from the old db and avoided the loss of funds (so his friend had to go manually transfer the funds).  Errr go C-Lightning?  Or maybe some inconsistent/incompatible `option_data_loss_protect` support?
@_date: 2019-08-16 07:29:10
If you trust the VPN yes.
@_date: 2019-10-09 07:29:51
Okay, that's good.  I suppose more precisely pay-to-IP itself is not on the blockchain, however it is instead a protocol to generate transactions that *are* on the chain.  See the newer effort for "pay-to-endpoint" also known as "payjoin", which combines a sort-of-pay-to-IP (except via DNS instead, with some kind of SSL-based certification at least, or via Tor hidden services which are self-certifying) with a CoinJoin.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:34:29
Sure, but it would have no value.
The entire point of asymmetric cryptography is that only one entity knows the private key behind a public key, and is thus known to be the only authority on how to spend a coin locked by a public key.
What are you going to use to protect coin spends?
@_date: 2019-06-18 02:08:42
Note that fees are currently a tiny fraction of what miners earn.  What they mostly earn is the block subsidy.  The block subsidy represents the transient short-term inflation of the Bitcoin supply, which is important because humans are short-term thinkers in general.
Thus, what you should focus on are *hodlers*, because the block subsidy is paid from the slow inflation tax imposed on hodlers.  In short: if not for the block subsidy, Bitcoin prices would be much much higher than what you see now.  So the miners are paid by the hodlers who are saving their money into Bitcoin.
Current transactors have little effect compared to the hodlers because it's the hodlers currently paying the bulk of the mining earnings.  As more halvenings occur, the power of hodlers over the miners shifts towards the transactors.
So focus on hodlers now, not transactors.
@_date: 2019-10-24 02:42:27
A near-equivalent to tail emissions would be a soft-fork that requires that the total fees in a block (and thus the coinbase output) is above a certain value.  This will cause stalls in the blockchain in times where there are insufficient transactions --- but that is fine, because if there are not enough transactions to meet the fees, then there is little need for a new block as well.  You only want new blocks if there are transactions to put in it.
Miners could cheat this by falsely creating transactions with high fees, but they would not thereby earn anything new, just transfer money to themselves.  Thus miners have no reason to do so.
Indeed, such a softfork is unnecessary: miners will rationally do it as well.
@_date: 2019-10-04 04:14:26
There's no address.  You were supposed to somehow send the entire `scriptPubKey`.  In the original plan, you'd send your IP address to the payer, whose node would contact your node, and then your node would provide a `scriptPubKey` to be used and then the payer would fill in a transaction with your indicated `scriptPubKey`.
Then somebody pointed out to Satoshi that not everyone has a public IP address and that IP addresses could be redirected to another computer via super hacking magic, after which he facepalmed and started coming up with addresses.
Addresses were supposed to be a temporary thing, something that was never exposed to users, a temporary workaround until Satoshi could come up with a better way to facilitate payments between fullnodes.  Today it's something that *defines* Bitcoin, to the point that some people think address == account.
@_date: 2019-10-11 09:31:31
How about the rest of the time?
@_date: 2019-10-16 03:24:30
I broadly agree.  I would much rather support something like Casa Lightning Nodes (if they can be made remote-controllable from your mobile device) than captive-market wallets.
@_date: 2019-10-20 04:01:51
Didn't you know that criminals use the moon to create illegal "moonshine" whisky?  Therefore moons are evil and so is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-25 03:32:53
This is quite true, though again: postgresql is not yet officially supported, though the code exists to switch between database backends.
Supposedly the `db_write` hook allows you to do synchronous backups on the cloud by sending the queries to a remote server, but nobody has actually done anything with that.
@_date: 2019-10-16 03:26:42
Defaults are powerful; most non-tech-savvy users will not change default settings.  So they *rightfully* get a lot of crap for that particular default.  If they defaulted to asking the user to set up their own node, and only offer (with warnings of not-your-keys-not-your-coins) custodiality if the user wants to lose their funds, then that would have been better.
@_date: 2019-10-02 08:27:31
I suppose a point to be made here is, **are** fraud hints a big enough benefit over the possible increased risk of further encouraging SPV and SPV's remaining drawbacks *after* fraud hints.
@_date: 2019-10-14 03:42:17
It's proof that you are using real-world resources: the processing is difficult enough that you have to be spending enormous amoutns of actual energy in order to generate them.
The reason is that, unlike other parts of Bitcoin, the ordering of transactions is done via voting (spend authorization is not voting-based, but requires possession of the secret key).
The issue with traditional voting is that it's often easy to be a "flying voter" i.e. register yourself multiple times as a voter.  This gives your own vote much bigger weight than honest voters who registered themselves exactly once.
Another issue with traditional voting is the need to register in the first place.  A central register would be able to apply certain prejudices.  Yet the system should, as much as possible, be open to anyone.
The solution is to prove that you are capable of spending energy.  You now can't be a "flying voter" and try to vote multiple times: you have to actually, provably spend energy.  If you want to vote twice, you have to go get twice as much energy, which isn't free.  There's no need to register: all you need is cheap electricity and some mining rigs, and you can start mining.
Thus, proof-of-work allows to run a limited voting system, voting for the order in which transactions are processed by the chain, without the drawbacks of traditional voting (vote fraud and censorship).
@_date: 2019-10-04 07:07:07
There was a proposal for something similar before: 
@_date: 2019-10-20 03:55:45
Bitcoin is evil because it's trying to build a roller coaster TO THE MOON!
@_date: 2019-10-25 08:23:21
A quantum computer capable of working with 256-bit numbers would render BTC's ***current*** signature scheme insecure.  But:
* Quantum computers will not inherently have an advantage in mining.  Hashing cannot be sped up by Shor's algorithm, which is a quantum-only algorithm that is used to extract privkeys from pubkeys.
  * Quantum computers require a lot more support (low temperatures, low interference) than classical computers so it is unlikely they'll beat classical computers / ASICs in mining for a while yet.
* We *can* switch to post-quantum signature schemes.  It'll be painful (you have to do transactions onchain) but possible.  There is no decent post-quantum signature scheme *yet* that has all of the nice Schnorr properties (Lattices come closest I believe, but don't hold me to that, I only pretend to be a cryptographer on Halloween), so BTC devs are still holding off until there is one.
  * There's the issue that we have to decide what to do to those UTXOs that haven't been moved from quantum-vulnerable to post-quantum signing keys.  Do we burn them (i.e. make them unspendable) to stabilize short-term coin supply, or do we let anyone with a quantum computer capable of processing 256-bit numbers steal them?
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:20:29
But, but, his predictions about piss-related activities!!!!
@_date: 2019-08-16 07:57:11
So quark-sized?
@_date: 2019-10-20 04:14:24
Lightning allows one UTXO to be practically share-owned and utilized by two economic entities.
The next step is to allow one UTXO to be practically share-owned and utilized by 3 or more economic entities, i.e. Channel Factories.
You just restated what plans are for Lightning.  This is not controversial.
@_date: 2019-10-17 03:44:59
If you're American you can get in legal trouble.  Even if you're not American, do consider that America is pretty much master of most of Earth.  You're likely to be dinged as a money transmitter, thus publicly speaking everybody should be discouraging you from doing this.  For example, if you were thinking of using a peer-to-peer method of buying BTC on their behalf, such as Bisq or HodlHodl, and then using Wasabi or JoinMarket to mix the Bitcoin before sending it to multiple new addresses they generated (transferring entire coins at a time), and doing all of that over Tor, on a cheap spare computer you will reformat afterwards, don't.  It's illegal to launder that kind of money.  You don't want the risk of jail time and being labeled a criminal.  Don't throw away your lifetime for this.
Still, your friend spent hours, days, maybe weeks and months to get paid: he had to sell bits of his lifetime, parts of his soul, for that money.  Losing 30% would be like throwing away that money, paid for by blood --- no, paid for by something far more precious, paid for by ***lifetime*** --- for no good reason.  Illegal is not immoral.  Think deeply.  The leaders of Venezuela may be assholes; does that mean that Venezuelans themselves must suffer?  Think always: "There, but for the grace of God, go I".
@_date: 2019-10-09 04:30:40
Pay-to-IP is not visible on the blockchain: the intent was that the node would provide the `scriptPubKey` to be used, via a direct TCP/IP connection.
@_date: 2019-08-08 03:51:06


This hasn't been true in cryptography (it tends to be true in physical attacks, which is why modern soldiers aren't covered in armor plate anymore, modern doctrine is being able to move fast, take cover, and "best defense is a good offense").
Often by the time a hash starts getting possible to reverse with a normal supercomputer, the next generation of hash functions is already prepared.  By the time SHA-1 was starting to be hacked, SHA-2 was in widespread use and SHA-3 was already selected and being propagated.
So it'll probably take a good amount of time.  The universe believes in cryptography, unlike physical defense.
@_date: 2019-08-08 06:06:44
With enough rust, bits of the metal can fall off, making it hard to see what the original symbols were.
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:07:40
It's not possible to link them ***as long as you never spend***.  If you spend, and you do not have explicit coin control in your wallet, then your wallet might combine both of them in the same transaction that then pays elsewhere, which now links them together.
Either keep using Wasabi so you have enforced coin control (i.e. you are forced to decide whether spending something is worth the privacy loss of linking two otherwise-unlinked coins), or use Wasabi or Electrum to interface with your hardware wallet.
@_date: 2019-10-14 07:52:11
The proper response to 51% rewind attacks is to wait for even deeper confirmation than 6 blocks.
The proper response to 51% censorship attacks is to increase transaction fees until it encourages enough non-censoring miners to overthrow the censors.
@_date: 2019-10-19 07:05:26
You can't know.  Fees are very dynamic.
First: senders set the fee.  Receiver doesn't matter.
Cash App is a custodial application, most of which will not allow you to set a fee (they often aggregate multiple withdrawals in a single transaction, so feerates are a pain to aggregate).  So Cash App is who you should ask about how much it will cost to send.  Doesn't matter where to: it's the sender who sets the fees.
For the send from Electrum, you control this.  If this is for HODLing you can probably afford to wait indefinitely so just set to the minimum feerate (1s/byte) to keep your costs down.
Another thing you could do would be to batch up your transactions.  If you're buying $150 a week or $150 a month, keep them on Cashapp until the next purchase then send out this payment with the previous one.  Fees onchain are not based on amount, they're based on complexity of your history (i.e. if you've got a lot of small incoming receives, sending will be more expensive in general than if you just had a few large incoming receives).  Though fees imposed by custodial services like Cashapp will vary (some charge a component that is based on amount being sent) so ask Cashapp directly.
@_date: 2019-08-20 04:49:23
No.  People misunderstand this.
Nothing of value is free.  There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch (TANSTAAFL!).
The only thing you should be concerned about is economic wastage.  If people are willing to pay for consumption of energy, then this serves the values of those people, and it is those people whose values must be asked if this is economic wastage.  If the people are using this to spend money on movies and other low-value entertainment, then that is economic wastage.  If the people are using this to preserve value so that they can eventually invest in things that increase economic power, then that is economic efficiency and should be encouraged.  But Bitcoin mining, by itself, is not economic wastage.
@_date: 2019-10-20 03:59:08
You buy and hold Bitcoin.  Forget bullshit analysis and so on.  Just focus on number 1.
@_date: 2019-10-14 08:36:57
Why aren't *you* talking about it?
I'm in Bitcoin because my local fiat currency had 1% inflation --- for the month of September 2019.
***This is what social change looks like***.  People actually saving with Bitcoin, and spamming memes because why discuss something like how much of your net worth is in Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-10-27 08:56:32
Last I counted there were at least 6 continents, and that's counting Eurasia as one big continent.
@_date: 2019-10-21 04:48:59
But the payment does not actually complete until you come online, and the payer will still remain waiting until you do.
@_date: 2019-10-11 08:43:14
Not built into most LN software yet.  In theory it's possible to do so via a circular route that provides the money as a "forwarding fee", just an abnormally-large one.  Another way would be to generate the preimage yourself and send it inside the onion packet.  There's no standard for it yet, so not supported yet and it's still being designed.
@_date: 2019-10-08 09:10:30


No, it does not.  Instead, every transaction that *does* hit the blockchain will represent the sum total of several thousand transactions.  Those transactions would not exist on Bitcoin without LN, because blockchains cannot scale.  LN *enables* miners to actually get a slice of the additional transactions that are possible with LN, and would be impractical otherwise.
Consider that block arrival times are not fixed.  If you transact on the chain, to get even one confirmation, you risk the occassional times that inter-block time exceeds 2 hours or more.  Whereas if you transact on Lightning, as soon as the necessary data arrives at the payee, the payee knows it is able to claim your payment later onchain (if need be) and can use the received payment on Lightning immediately, without risking the unreliable block rate of blockchain.  Time-sensitive transactions are enabled which are impossible onchain, and miners would otherwise not be able to taste the sweet BTC from those without LN (since tx fees onchain are effectively a cut on earned fees from offchain).


Each halvening also means that the transient supply of BTC that DCA-ing HODLers compete to buy is halved, which means the price doubling is built-in.


See above, this is just a reiteration of "LN removed the primary mining incentive".


Name names, such devs deserve a lynching.


True.  Blockchains can't scale.  So don't bother trying.  Instead, scale using non-blockchain constructions on top of blockchains.


"Money transmitters" is a legal term, not a technical one, but that's just being pedantic.  In any case there is no legal judgment yet on whether LN intermediary nodes should indeed be classified as money transmitters.  This is a theoretical legal argument advanced by non-lawyers: I would very much rather see a detailed argument on why a particular law in a particular country would classify LN intermediary nodes as money transmitters.


Names please.


Sweet crap.  No software is ever complete.  The software may be adequate for some uses, but never complete.  People still add on crap to Linux and delete away old crap that ended up not being useful.  It's what it means to be a living system.  What do you want, software that is unmaintained and dead, and therefore never to be changed and thus has its life "complete"?
@_date: 2019-10-04 07:05:16
FIRST POST
@_date: 2019-10-23 06:35:46
Wasabi servers never learn your IP address, or whose input goes to whose output even, also the mix tx involves your signature so you cannot be scammed. It gets better privacy *and* Wasabi can't steal from you. Use it preferentially.
Samourai can't steal from you too but they know your IP address and probably a mapping of knput to output, so only use it if you think Samourai will never be bought out by Chainalysis or similar.
@_date: 2019-10-13 00:13:52
Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") requires `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` on the base layer, which is being heavily debated.  `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` expected to be included with SegWit v1, which includes the Schnorr + Taproot + MAST package.  That could take a while due to, you know, requiring a softfork.  Xref. the last major softfork, SegWit v0, which took a long time after the code was ready for deployment.  So that is a lower bound on when it will arrive.
Dual-funding is being worked on in the background, Base AMP (the linked PR) is now getting some foreground attention (the linked PR).
@_date: 2019-10-16 03:35:14
Bitcoin will go underground.  Price will drop on white markets, but rise on black markets.  Supply on white markets will be very limited and eventually the price on white markets will no longer be a computable number.
@_date: 2019-10-01 08:02:05


Minority in what manner?  Hashpower?  Economics?
In theory, hashpower should not be a proxy for economic power.  Instead all miners should be all user's bitches, doing hard work for money.  So the minority chain should be an economic minority, not a hashpower minority, and hashpower should follow price.
Which is the problem with SPV in general, it risks the SPV node's economic power being co-opted by high-hashrate miners, even though the future of the coin should be determined by economic power, not hashrate.  Analyses of censorship-resistance inherently assume economic power can defeat 51% censoring hashpower via fees: if 51% hashpower can somehow also co-opt economic power, then that removes censorship-resistance and a host of other protections against miners,.  And censoring is not something you can fraud-proof or fraud-hint out of.  Sorry, still disagreeing with any form of SPV.  Give me a scheme that lets fullnodes synch faster, such as assume-UTXO, but not any kind of SPV.
@_date: 2019-10-28 08:49:54
@_date: 2019-10-04 04:31:44
Bitcoin core is compiled software, compiled from C++ sources.
Compilation is a complicated process and it's possible to inject code along the compilation process, code that isn't explicitly in the C++ sources but which does bad things to your private keys.  So an auditor or reviewer going over the C++ source code might certify that the code does nothing nefarious, but the binary code delivered to you and actually running has extra code (not in the source code) which leaks your private keys.
Deterministic builds mean that the compilation process is strictly controlled, and that the deterministic build program (written in Makefile language and scripts and other languages, I'm not aware of the details myself) produces the exact same binary for the exact C++ source code.  So if you audit the C++ source code, and the deterministic build program source code, you should be able to say that nothing nefarious is being added along the compilation process.  Then you check that the resulting binary code from the deterministic build is byte-for-byte identical to what is downloadable from bitcoin.org (or wherever) and then you can certify that this is deterministically built such that there is no additional code that could have been inserted into the binary.
If you're interested in the history of such hidden trojan horses, see the "trusting trust" attack: 
Electrum is written primarily in Python, which is not a compiled language.  The Python interpreter itself is a C program, but is not deterministically built (meaning if you grab a Python interpreter somewhere, there's a chance that it has special code for detecting if it's interpreting Electrum code and leaking the private keys from it).
I would argue that deterministic builds do not go far enough to eliminate "trusting trust" attacks.  To totally eliminate them, you'd have to use diverse double-compiling:  . i.e. use GCC to compile Clang, then use the Clang-from-GCC to compile GCC (resulting in GCC-from-Clang-from-GCC), then compile GCC with GCC (resulting in GCC-from-GCC) and GCC-from-Clang-from-GCC (resulting in GCC-from-GCC-from-Clang-from-GCC).  Then compare GCC-from-GCC and GCC-from-GCC-from-Clang-from-GCC binaries to see if they are the same.  Only *then* do you compile the rest of your build system (including shell, make, etc.) with GCC-from-GCC.
Edit: fun stuff, and an actual example of the trusting trust attack: 
@_date: 2019-10-08 08:52:51
Sell popcorn for sats!!  A D O P T I O N
@_date: 2019-10-23 07:30:32
Not very good research, obviously.
What happens if I sybil the system such that half my nodes say I sent to me and half my nodes say I sent to Who gets the funds?
On Bitcoin my nodes have to provably spend energy. So I have to spend energy just to maintain the status of my nodes as "voters". Unless a similar thing is done for this research, then the scheme will be Sybilled to oblivion.
@_date: 2019-08-09 11:19:11
Due diligence as well as putting your eggs in many baskets.
Me and my wife loan out regularly to her uncle and aunt.  They do a small side-business (they have regular jobs) where they buy some cheap local products and sell it over the Internet.  We know of it and a little about how it all operates and so on.  It's immaterial to us whether inflation exists or not for the money we own, because it's good business and we get 10% interest per *month* for the loan.  In effect we own their business and serve as the capitalist running it.
The earnings is much larger than the inflation of our local currency so we do it.  And that's all the inflation rate does: it just means "if the business is going to give a return better than the inflation rate, we're going to loan out to it".  It's immaterial if the inflation rate is 0 or our local 6%: as long as the business gives back more money than what we loan to it minus the inflation rate, we're lending to it.
There is no need to "encourage" lending via inflation.  Inflation is a tax, pure and simple, on savers and thrifty people.  And savers gonna loan out, to businesses they can understand, even small ones like my wife's uncle's little side-business, because earnings is better than no earnings.  Inflation just means that savers like us are taxed for saving.
It's not just their business we loan out to.  We also loan out to my wife's sister and *her* SO, who sometimes runs a similar business (but focused on a different set of products).  We also loan out to my wife's other sister, who herself loans out at a higher rate to somewhat riskier small businesses (we leave her to judge *those*; we've found she hasn't had to default yet and she takes on the risk).  Multiple baskets.  It's immaterial to us what the inflation rate is, it only matters that the return-on-investment beats the inflation rate.
"Fractional reserve banking" is not the enemy (though many people in rbitcoin think so).  Fractional reserve banking is basically just doing what we do manually ourselves, i.e. find people to loan out to.  Delegating this little technique to some institution is, in fact, what fractional reserve banking is *for*.  We have a little niche here for this because most banks aren't going to fund the small businesses we support because *reasons reasons reasons*; tough luck to them.  Banks savings accounts also give smaller interests than the inflation rate, so we don't store anything much in banks anymore, just what we need in case of emergencies.  But we have a better savings account now, Bitcoin, and we *still* loan out to these little businesses of relatives, because it's still lucrative and it's still a hedge against Bitcoin volatility.
It's the state money-printing press that's the enemy here, because the inflation rate is a tax on savers like me and my wife.
@_date: 2019-08-27 05:03:37
The signer does the nonce selection.  There is no way to leak the private key except via the nonce.
If you can somehow convince the offline signer to reuse the nonce (for example by somehow resetting its random number generator state, then handing it a different tx) then you can leak the privkey out.
In any case, it's the signing device you want to ensure is correctly coded.
@_date: 2019-06-28 04:30:39
Technically you need a coin too. 
It says "4 dice" but you can just roll a single die 4 times.
And I guess you can simulate a coin toss by mapping 1-&gt;3 to heads and 4-&gt;6 to tails, so yeah... one dice it is.
@_date: 2019-08-15 06:58:27
Your ISP can isolate your Bitcoin node and make it think it is talking to the rest of the Bitcoin network but is really only talking to one node, the ISP Bitcoin node.
This can be used to partition the network if hashpower fullnodes are isolated in this manner, reducing the hashpower needed to make a practical 51% attack.
In the short term it is fixable by using Tor, that way the ISP can't do such shenanigans at you since the data stream is encrypted while passing through the ISP.  Sucks if you live in a country that bans Tor as state policy though.
@_date: 2019-10-23 09:03:41
MimbleWimble features:
* hidden output amounts ("confidential transactions") by default.
* partial history pruning (spent outputs can be deleted from historical blocks while still allowing third parties to sync to your node and verify your data).
  * note: there is still unpruned data: the signatures and kernels must remain forever present and are not aggregatable. Relative and absolute timelocks are often kept in kernels, and must be present as well (which is why it's good design to keep them in the kernels) in order to maintain assurances of time, which are necessary for higher layer support.
It has these drawbacks:
* no opt-in public onchain outputs (unblinded outputs have a signing key of 0 which is trivial to sign). Fixable by moving funds to a non-extension block.
* quantum break implies infinite inflation (reversible homomorphic encryption lets anyone figure out the private keys and values, and  falsify values). Fixable by burning the entire extension block in case of quantum break (i.e. don't keep your savings there).
  * "normal" non-MimbleWimble confidential transactions let us trade off between leaking historical data (which is dangerous since historical information may still land users in trouble later -- *recent* history is still history) or burning due to infinite inflation.
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:45:30
In the long run you won't last forever either, so....
@_date: 2019-06-26 04:13:24
I'm just pointing out the problem with using woo to get a positive outlook.  Woo is false.  And it's plenty sufficient to get a positive outlook using only almost-definitely-true-because-we've-been-checking-and-rechecking-this-the-past-few-centuries-already things.
So you get the best of both worlds: a positive outlook, and *not* having to believe in woo.
@_date: 2019-06-07 01:35:03
@_date: 2019-10-10 06:24:25
Next rbtc headline: "Gregory Maxwell corrupts Bitcoin Core Developer, encourages scamming - why isn't he in jail yet?"
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:03:00
The same argument underlies Lightning, for that matter: you don't have to audit transactions occurring in the channel. Lightning channels even have an ever growing "shachain" that contains the revocation keys for every revoked state update. Why is ithe argument valid for LN but not here?
Under Lightning, the signers onchain are the participants of the channel. We depend on their self-interest: a participant would not sign off on a particular state update and revoke the current one unless their interests are served by it. In a certain point of view, it has a federation, but all participants in a channel are the federation members and activity requires consensus of the federation, not a quorum. So we don't need to audit the channel activity: we depend on the self-interest of the participants.
Under statechains, the federation is not the participant set and it votes on a quorum (m of n). The setup is better than federated sidechains: federation signers are blinded and cannot know which UTXO they are signing for (if any), federation signers cannot steal except with collusion of at least one participant. That is the argument for why we won't need to audit the statechain activity. I don't quite buy it myself.
@_date: 2019-08-20 01:34:35


That's because you have a unilateral close by which you can **force** the close.
Presumably in the splice-out case you would not want to close, just reduce the capacity.  Suppose the counterparty demands reparations.  Your choices are:
1.  Pay the reparations.
2.  Unilaterally close, then reopen with reduced capacity.
3.  Unilaterally close, then never open a channel with that counterparty again.
If the reparations demanded is small enough, then 1 dominates over 2 as 2 involves larger transactions and more transactions and thus more onchain fees.  If 1 is less than the onchain fees of 2, you would take 1.
If the counterparty is important enough (i.e. it is a very central node with lots of liquidity) then 3 might be an unpalatable option in practice and 1 still dominates over 3.


Yes, Lisa Neigut seems to be the one implementing this currently.  I think there is some issues with splicing *in*, because it requires one of the following:
* Until the splice-in is deeply confirmed, the channel is unuseable.
* OR, until the splice-in is deeply confirmed, the node has to maintain two sets of commitment transactions (one for the previous funding txout in case the splice-in becomes unconfirmable, one for the spliced-in funding tx).
* OR, the splice-in is two-phased, with the splice-in funds put in a temporary 2-of-2 txout that is then spent together with the current 2-of-2 funding tx to form the new spliced-in funding tx.
The second option is ridiculously complex and involves modifications to the database schema etc.  If my understanding is correct this is the current plan.
The third option is undesirable as it adds an additional "useless" transaction, you might as well have just closed then reopened instead.
Splice out is far simpler as it requires spending a txout that is not under unilateral control.
@_date: 2019-08-14 08:39:38
The main purpose of Bitcoin is to serve as a true electronic cash independent of state contro and other central failure modesl.
In particular, there were already existing eletronic cash systems.  The main one was David Chaum's DigiCash.  It was an anonymous electronic cash system, with a major drawback: a single company handled all transactions.  When that company shut down, DigiCash died.
Since then, electronic cash systems have striven to decentralize.  Decentralization means that, once the cash is adopted widely, the original inventor can disappear permanently and the project will live on.
The reason for decentralization is that a center (like the DigiCash company by David Chaum) is a single point of failure.  If the center is taken over, or dies out, or whatever, then the electronic cash is dead.  Thus, even though Satoshi Nakamoto is now dead to the Bitcoin space, it is immaterial: Bitcoin will move forward without him, and does not require his continued attendance to the coin in order to keep surviving.  As long as any miner of Bitcoin exists and any person wants to transact in Bitcoin, Bitcoin exists.
@_date: 2019-10-14 22:33:45
Current implementations do not officially support a pruning `bitcoind`.  It can be made to work with a large enough pruning threshold -- that's what BTCPayServer does out-of-the-box, for example.
C-Lightning is trying to eventually support pruning, and does not really need very old historical data --- but the support is not officially exist yet.
@_date: 2019-06-17 07:21:58
Yeah, currently the only big developers are those who heard of Bitcoin *really* early (getting them from CPU mining) *and* are very good cryptographers and software devs: they're the only ones who get paid for it when their hodlings rise massively due to the work they put in.  Both sets are small, and the intersection of both sets is even smaller.  **Those** are the core devs that stick around for a long time.
I mean, you gotta wonder at humanity's chance of a good future if a freaking open-source payment system can't get its users to pay its developers.
@_date: 2019-08-05 04:09:51
It's technically possible to do so, yes.  Nothing prevents you from voluntarily using some `OP_RETURN`s to commit to the fact that you own a gun.
It's also technically impossible to impose this on every user.
@_date: 2019-10-24 07:27:26
Oh man, grandparents!  I mean sure my grandparents were nice to me when I was a kid myself, they bought all sorts of junk for me, but now that I'm a parent myself I'm super annoyed at my own parents for spoiling my kids.  No mom that was supposed to be her reward for getting high grades, what are you doing buying that in the weekend we were supposed to study for exams, mom? why????
@_date: 2019-06-27 00:40:33
Once ACK is involved, you know that the payee has acquired the necessary data to claim the money, so it's not "stuck" at that point.
The payee can delay still by not sending ACK immediately, but then why did the payee issue an invoice to pay to in the first place in that case?
For multiple parallel attempts, obviously the payer uses different keys for each attempt.  So if the payer has multiple attempts in parallel and receives ACK for more than one, it will only send one key (otherwise if it sends multiple keys then it would pay multiple times, but note that the payer has control here).
@_date: 2019-10-08 08:57:08
Thing is, a *constant* block size limit already represents an *increasing* initial block download time.  So a constant block size *already* represents the expectation that improving hardware, Internet etc. progress will happen, and will eventually taper off as we start hitting physical limits like lightspeed and quanta per unit space.
@_date: 2019-10-03 04:30:29
Many who participated in l BIP148 UASF expressed the precommitment that they would continue to run BIP148 fullnodes *even with 0 hashpower on BIP148*.  That option would simply not be possible in a massively-SPV world where ordinary people cannot connect a cheap RPi on their family home Internet connection and run a fullnode that imposes the rules they believe ***must*** be followed.  If everyone is using fraud-hint SPV nodes, and *all* the miners (all 5 of them globally) impose an incompatible rule change, there will be no fraud hints, since only miners would run fullnodes and all of them now control the network.  Even if some SPV wanted to impose different rules, they would never learn that they *had* to, because nobody would give them fraud hints.
SPV node support is only relevant if you intend to increase block size beyond what an RPi can easily process without burning up.  But that prevents a future UASF.  "Never again".
Bitcoin is political action, and the ability to precommit and say "I will not care what miners do, these are the rules I will follow on my fullnode" is a powerful weapon that mere HODLers have over miners.  Thus the importance to retain power in the economic majority, not hashpower majority.
@_date: 2019-06-17 07:09:54
That's not a hybrid of CoinJoin and Lightning.  It's basically a multi-transaction CoinJoin, in the hope that the transactions look like "ordinary" transactions paying to random individuals instead of explicit same-output-amount CoinJoins.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:16:57
You honestly think more than 50% of the world's population lives in a top 10 GDP country?  Or is employed by a top 10 largest corporation?
@_date: 2019-06-21 04:44:38
Buy different obsolete models, then open up a "Museum of Obsolete Bitcoin Mining Hardware".
@_date: 2019-10-28 04:38:31
Really really old outputs sometimes had explicit `OP_CHECKMULTISIG` right in the `scriptPubKey`.  They predated P2SH.  I think I told you that before actually.
@_date: 2019-06-26 08:05:27
What rbtc hears: The fox is a sockpuppet of nullc!!  He admitted it!
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:25:28
LN **is** private-by-default, unlike base layer blockchain.
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:27:29
In fact, ***sell popcorn*** for more sats.
@_date: 2019-10-11 07:00:52
If all the poor starving first-worlders in the USA are selling Bitcoin for very low amounts during their recession, I would gladly buy it from them.  Inflation is a much bigger problem in my country than in the USA.  We had 1% inflation... for the month of September 2019.  Imagine how much worse that is over the entire year.
@_date: 2019-10-01 00:47:47
I already kinda am?  I only have fiat on payday and it all gets spent into bills and Bitcoin within a few days?
@_date: 2019-06-25 04:16:42
On average it won't matter.  Stop trying to optimize this, because that's when you start wondering whether you should *really* buy today or defer buying later, and pretty soon you'll be starting at charts all day long trying to identify patterns.  Just commit to a schedule and ignore the price.
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:18:35
Potential? Maybe, in a hundred years or so. Unlikely in 20 years.
Quantum does *not* mean fast. Quantum means being able to use a new algo, Shor's algorithm. It makes some current hard problems easy: factoring a number into primes (used in RSA signing) and dividing an elliptic curve point by another elliptic curve point (used in EC signing). That's it. Quantum does not mean magic.
@_date: 2019-06-18 04:13:29
Yeah, we've had hotter outside temperatures here (had &gt; 100F some time ago last year, about 38-&gt;40C).  We don't even bother measuring humidity, it's going to be "high" always anyway.  Hard to distribute mining when an entire broad strip on the planet's belly is practically impossible to mine in due to temperature.
@_date: 2019-10-25 08:44:03
By not having 75% loss at 2500 USD level.  On average I paid less than that for my stack of coins.  I'm still green. *shrug*.
@_date: 2019-10-16 03:38:29
But if all you absolutely **need** to coordinate between the actors is the commitment of messages that will feed into any standard database (i.e. SQL statements) --- why not just use OpenTimeStamps and commit the message on the Bitcoin blockchain? There's no real need for a *separate* blockchain for everything.
@_date: 2019-10-15 09:59:28
Non-custodial means simply that you still have control of your money.   On Lightning, your money has some encumbrances, but once you get them past the encumbrances, your money is now solely in your control.
Thus, even if a Lightning wallet creates a channel to only a single specific node that is hardcoded in the software, your keys still control the unlocking of that coin, and in the worst case (e.g. that single specific node is attacked and brought offline) your wallet can still recover your money onchain, except it will take some wait time before you can do so (i.e. the encumbrance I mentioned).  So it's still technically non-custodial.
Note that the encumbrance exists regardless of whether the channel is to a hardcoded node or not.
Of course, software that only or preferentially makes channels to hardcoded servers captures you to those servers.  Perhaps we can characterize them as non-custodial captive-market wallets.
They are still non-custodial since you still retain control of your funds.  However, you have little to no choice in what forwarding nodes you can use (either you spend your money via their hardcoded server, or you don't spend your money: choice is still yours and money cannot be taken from you without your approval, but you have limited options), thus you are a captive market.


Remote-control Lightning wallet?
This is the sort of setup I personally think is best, actually.  No need to worry about mobile connectivity or resource capability.  No need for a public IP address and router port forwarding shenanigans -- instead use a Tor hidden service (which also makes Tor hidden services normal over the Internet, too).
@_date: 2019-06-02 06:34:03
No. What Bitcoin works with is really UTXOs, more colloquially called "coins". Evrry timemoney is sent, what.actually happens is bunch of coins  are destroyed, and the satoshis in them is reforged into new coins with new addresses.
The size of a transaction is determined by how many coins are destroyed. More coins destroyed (inputs), larger transaction. More coins created (outputs), larger transaction. Larger transaction, higher fees.
At times of low fees, it is often a good thing to send your coins to yourseld in order to reduce the number of coins you have to melt down when you do have to spend.
@_date: 2019-08-27 11:30:41
You could potentially restrict it as such if you know your offline signing code does it that way.  The Bitcoin blockchain itself would accept it, but would also accept any nonce.
Bitcoin Core and Electrum use RFC 6979, so reading up on it and auditing the Electrum code should help.
If you do not generate the transactions yourself and trust the offline Electrum to do it for you, or potentially let the offline Electrum write access to the file containing the transaction you intend to broadcast later, you have to also validate that the outputs are correct and that the change output address is correctly one of the addresses you control.
@_date: 2019-10-16 03:18:06
Those are effectively exchanges between real BTC and LBTC.  The question is how well-tethered is LBTC value to BTC value?  How well-tethered is USDT value to USD?  If that tied-ness of value weakens, even those exchanges between BTC and LBTC will change their exchange rate, effectively representing theft of part of your value stored on-liquid.
It's not as bad as single-entity custodial solutions, but it is still not something you want to keep your savings in.
Lightning on the Bitcoin blockchain is non-custodial as, while you *can* exchange on-Lightning BTC for on-chain BTC, you don't *have to*: you can close your channel and wait and you get the money immediately.  If the Liquid federation turns out to be untrustworthy you can bet that exchanges that swap LBTC and BTC will show an exchange rate divergent  from 1:1.  Exchanges do not improve your security (i.e. protection of your coin being stolen by the federation), they are *dependent* on the security of the peg between Liquid BTC and real BTC.
@_date: 2019-10-01 00:51:45
Eh, it's federated sidechain, meaning as far as the real Bitcoin blockchain is concerned, a bunch of federation members own all of your Bitcoins on Liquid.  Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2019-08-19 13:15:37
Reducing your capacity reduces total capacity of the channel which implies less future routing fees via that channel, so the channel counterparty (whose cooperation you need in this operation) will demand reparations anyway.  The expected charge for this would be higher than the loop operation expected charge minus the onchain fee for the loop operation, and since it is strongly likely that any splice out initiated by you would charge onchain fees anyway, it will likely be the same anyway.
@_date: 2019-06-14 00:01:56


For purely rational actors of incorruptibly pure pureness that are not encumbered by lower-layer emotional subsystems, yes.
Averaging in is *vital* for managing the lower-layer emotional subsystems of the neurotypical brain.  "It went up -&gt; yay my current hodlings appreciated!" "it went down -&gt; yay my next averaging-in is cheaper!"
@_date: 2019-06-07 03:56:32
Lightning identifies channels by a tuple of blockheight+tx within block+out number. The UTXO db identifies UTXOs by txid and out number. Converting between the two is not easy unless you keep track of the blockheight and tx within block separately.
@_date: 2019-06-19 04:26:40
Ethereum Classic, an altcoinnthat forked from Ethereum after TheDAO incident.
@_date: 2019-10-19 05:25:03
 seeks to be an umbrella project to create a decentralized network on top of Bitcoin which allows nodes to advertise services, including offers for tumblers and decentralized exchanges and so on.
@_date: 2019-06-21 08:17:48


There is an artist, a singer of great renown.  The voice of this singer is sweet, the skill at the musical instrument impressive, the singer is attractive to look at.
The singer is limited by technology.  Concert halls can only be so large before the sounds weaken to the point of not being heard.  Technology to amplify the singer's voice inevitably distorts it, weakens it: and still the technology has limits.  There are only so many people who can fit into the limits of a concert hall.  And singing is not work that can be done tirelessly: thus the singer can only perform so many times before resting.
How would you allocate this limited resource, of hearing the singer's song live in concert?
Even if we live in a world of post-scarcity, where no human need ever grow hungry and thirsty and naked and homeless, humans will still have desires and wants that will demand to be fulfilled.  The allocation of limited resources to the satisfaction of those desires and wants, demands some token, some unit of account, that says "this much of this resource may be used, to satisfy the desires of this human".
We live in a world of limits tied to unceasing desires.  That is what currency is *for*, to determine whose desires get fulfilled.  Not even if we have eliminated poverty in all its forms, can we abolish currency.  To do so would require that humans demand the fulfillment of their desires by violence, rather than cooperative trading of favors in the form of tokens --- currency.
What Bitcoin does, is to make the system a little fairer: with it, no small cabal can choose to impose a hidden tax on those who wisely save their money.  We cannot eliminate the desires of humanity without also eliminating our capability to appreciate art (and if we were to remove this capability, can we really call it an improvement of the human condition?), but at least this, this unfairness of the fiat system, we can remove.
@_date: 2019-06-30 11:01:06
Basically what I want to express is.... SCRIPT interpretation in Bitcoin is a mess.  The current `scriptPubKey` (from Satoshi's initial design) is now only rarely interpreted as a SCRIPT, in general it's just a template that is matched by Bitcoin and is given special meaning that isn't in it if you read it as a plain SCRIPT.
SegWit makes it better in that it supports versioning of the SCRIPT so we can have better extensions later without this kind of hacky hack hackish crap about recognizing templates and giving them special treatment, but at the cost of first dipping into the current mess of how SCRIPT is **not** interpreted and instead certain patterns are recognized and given special treatment.
@_date: 2019-08-09 05:54:57


All true...


This is where you go wrong.






We suspect, but we *strongly* suspect.  Botching a previous attempt to prove it is not *proof* of non-ownership, but it is *strong* evidence.
Now you can say, but the evidence as given does not differentiate between:
* Craig is a scammer who is unable to provide proof-of-ownership because he really doesn't own it.
* Craig is a very private individual who is unable to provide proof-of-ownership because he is very private.
Then I will point out:
* How many scammers are there who want to be known as somebody famous?
* How many private individuals are there that also want to be known as somebody famous?
I would say, going only by common sense, that many scammers will want to be known as somebody famous in order to facilitate their scams.  But I imagine most private individuals do *not* want to be known as somebody famous, thus would not do something like say "Actually I am Satoshi Nakamoto".
Some grays are so light as to be indistinguishable from white *in practice*.
Hey where's your list of evidence that Craig S. Wright is a fraud?
@_date: 2019-10-03 10:37:42


While **true**, it does not justify **negative interest rates** on bank storage of value.
The rational thing to do is to find another means of storing value without **negative interest rates**.
This can be storing it in Bitcoin, gold, or finding a business that wants to borrow money for interest.
Now you might say, "but **negative interest rates** discourages hoarding, which is a cash drag and inefficiency so we should do everything we can to increase lending and enhance economic growth!"
However, it is important to remember that hoarding is done by economic actors because of uncertainty.  Hoarding provides some insurance against unexpected and unforeseen circumstances: i.e. "saving for a rainy day".  By taking away the option of hoarding from people, you are promulgating a form of violence --- theft.  That is far more pernicious a crime than merely being inefficient in enhancing economic growth.
**Negative interest rates** are **theft**, and no economic theory can hold in the face of rampant institutionalized theft.
@_date: 2019-06-07 00:32:33
CoinJoin is a transaction signed by the participants only, not the server.  What the server does is to create the transaction, but it is not a signatory and thus cannot force the transaction through.  Instead, it gives the unsigned transaction to the participants.  Each participant ensures the transaction has an output paying to itself, before signing.  If a participant finds no output paying to itself, it refuses to sign and its funds remain its own: the CoinJoin is only valid to be confirmed if every participant signs.  Only if all participants agree to the transaction will the transaction be completely signed and valid on the Bitcoin blockchain.
The server is incentivized to be honest since it will get paid only if the CoinJoin transaction is confirmed on the blockchain (which cannot be done unless all participants sign off on the transaction).
The other problem is the server keeping a log of which inputs belong to which outputs.  This is solved by Wasabi by using clever maths called "blinded bearer signatures".  What this means is that when a participant registers its inputs to the server, the participant gives an encrypted secret message to the server, which the server signs blindly.  The signature is unblinded and the message decrypted, then the participant makes a new connection to the server over Tor, presenting the unblinded signature and the decrypted message.  The participant knows how to convert the blinded signature to the unblinded signature, but not how to make a signature by itself.  The server knows it can confirm its own signature in unblinded form, but not how a blinded signature is converted to an unblinded signature (there's math involved that ensures this).  The server knows that the newly-connected participant was one of the participants who registered an input, and issues an output to whatever address this participant wants (i.e. the unblinded signature serves as a "bearer instrument"), but not *which* participant it was.  So the server cannot associate inputs to outputs, and the input-side connection participant can independently confirm that its registered output is included in the transaction it is supposed to sign (as above).
@_date: 2019-08-20 04:42:12
This is normal economic behavior: you are effectively forming a mutual fund that targets Bitcoin.  As long as your investors are perfectly willing to absorb the loss, and are aware of the possibility of loss, you should be kosher, ethics-wise: you are trading your knowledge and expertise for cash.  Do note that many jurisdictions add a lot of overhead for operating mutual funds, so your only choice here is usually to do an under-the-table transaction with them, which could put you in legal trouble (it is important to remember that "illegal" is not the same as "immoral": what you are doing is ethical ***as long as the investors are aware that there is a risk here of loss of their funds and as long as you make a good-faith effort to safeguard their funds and not use it for your own***).
That said: remember that what you are doing is illegal in most jurisdictions, and it is unlikely that SA is one of the jurisdictions where it is legal.  As such I must publicly dissuade you from this path as this is illegal.
@_date: 2019-08-20 08:40:57
I have these comments that are not visible on the main post:
*  -&gt; 
*  -&gt; 
These recent comments are visible, though:
*  -&gt; 
*  -&gt; 
@_date: 2019-10-01 04:26:05
Under either fraud proofs or fraud hints, this leaves SPV nodes liable to a withholding attack --- if your one dishonest peer just gives block headers without showing the entire block, even if proper fullnodes connect to them, they will be unable to generate a fraud proof or fraud hint.
How does your SPV node detect a block withholding attack when your SPV node does not normally ask for blocks anyway?
I guess this is the point where fraud proofs, of any kind, simply fail.  Fullnodes will follow a blockchain only if they can actually get at the blocks.  SPV nodes, wanting to avoid the block downloads, will thus follow miners that are performing block withholiding attacks, only sending out block headers and Utreexo commitments and Merkle queries for non-coinbase transactions.
Not block validation, not as secure as fullnodes.  I suppose you might consider this still valuable; personally I don't, thus bow out of this conversation.
@_date: 2019-10-03 04:32:56
Not certain.  I believe Satoshi did.  At least he already had `OP_HASH160` (which implements that function) implemented from the beginning, and it was simply used as a convenient pre-existing opcode when developing P2PKH.
@_date: 2019-06-15 00:17:04
You are severely overestimating that probability.
@_date: 2019-10-19 06:57:24
The fact of the matter is that the supposed Satoshi's Million is **not** verifiably Satoshi's.  He released the Bitcoin software and *then* unknown entities, **assumed to all be Satoshi's sockpuppets**, started mining Bitcoin.  That's not verifiable: maybe some random dudes ran Bitcoin and mined for a week before worrying about how hot their computer had been running and uninstalling it and deleting the privkeys.  Satoshi himself might very well have set things up on a server with a self-destruct after a year, for all we know.  Other early contributors are likely to have some part of that "Satoshi's Million".
@_date: 2019-10-07 09:52:03


Threat of fork, which is what limits the power of all central Benevolent Dictators For Life.
More specifically for Bitcoin, Wladimir van der Laan is expected to ***only*** rubberstamp merge pull requests that have been widely accepted with "ACK" declarations and no significant "NACK" objections.
Membership of those whose "ACK" and "NACK" are considered is informal and is not actually that much tied to identity.  "NACK" objections to new code that have cogent arguments well expressed and laid out bring more weight than the name that does this.
Merges of pull requests that have not been well-"ACK"ed will be strongly criticized and may lead to fork crises.


Most security issues (Bitcoin or not: Linux and Mozilla have similar policies, as do most free and open source projects) are quietly fixed by whoever is qualified to fix them.  They may request a small number of semi-trusted reviewers to check, revealing the existence of the security issue to them.  Reporters of security issues are encouraged to also keep the issue secret until a coordinate public revelation date.  A CVE is registered also, to ensure compliance, and acts as a promise by the maintainers to later reveal the details publicly.  See: 


Once merged, maintainers immediately install to devices they own / are otherwise responsible for.  Standard release discipline is applied: release candidates are created first and evaluated by maintainers directly on their owned / responsible machines, stability checks are done (software is left running on servers for a long time), standard continuous integration / tests run, etc.  Eventually some release candidate is judged as "good enough for release" and release is tagged.
Once released, larger operations may be notified of the fact that a CVE exists that is fixed in the new release (but ***not*** the details of the security issue).
Maintainers then meet again at a later date to consider next steps.  Hopefully the new release is taken up by enough people that public disclosure of all details can be safe.  Otherwise, public disclosure of a fixed CVE (but not details) is done, with a request to all nodes to upgrade to the latest fixed version, with a promise of a full public disclosure at a later date.
Nodes decide to upgrade or not on their own.  Bitcoin in particular has a policy of never having an automatic-upgrade option, ever, though projects built on top might have those.


By the same ACK/NACK system as above.  Worst case is that threat of fork actually pushes through, which leaves the choice to users to use one fork or the other.


Bitcoin has the informal policy of never allowing a hardfork.  Hardforks are much too disruptive and requires that *all* nodes upgrade in strict lockstep, which as the network grows, becomes less and less possible.  Softforks allow nodes to keep using older software versions while not being forced off the network; these nodes will have degraded security, but would still be able to interact with other nodes to transact with them. Thus softforks are considered the only viable upgrade path.  As such, most Bitcoin users who follow this informal policy will simply consider hardforkers as altcoins.
Opinions may vary on whether hardforks are the "real" Bitcoin, but in any case, anyone worth listening to would put their money where their mouth is, thus following the money should lead you to the "real" Bitcoin, whatever policies others might personally follow or not follow.


Yes.  It is also possible for, say government operatives to infiltrate the developers of Reddit, slowly gaining in numbers until they become the majority and take over the project.
Again, note the above regarding ACK / NACK.  NACKs are accepted on the basis of the argument they make, not on the identity of the person.  This is a form of proof-of-work: making good arguments against a code change takes time and effort, it doesn't come for free like an identity can.  ACKs are accepted based on previous NACKs of the identity making them, previous code contributions made by that identity, and yes, good arguments for why the change should be accepted as well.  All those require work to be performed by the developer: you cannot make good code that passes scrutiny, as well as good arguments for/against a code change, for free.
Thus, the government operatives must themselves be good developers, or have paid good developers to make that work.  And in that case, you should consider if it might actually be *better* for them to continue developing the project, if they can get more work done.
Of course, also note that *anyone* can just suddenly appear out of nowhere with a pseudonym and then start participating in the same ACK/NACK process.  Such identities may or may not be government operatives of the same entity, but may also be operatives of a different entity.  Alternately, such an identity might be *you*, or a developer *you hired*, helping fight against centralization of the development process.
Again, this is just simple proof-of-work reasoning, applied to the codebase, which is basically just a blockchain of code changes.  If it makes economic sense for you to hire a developer to work on Bitcoin to get some feature implemented or some bug fixed (or implement this yourself if you are capable) then do so: you will earn more than you spend if you do (because now you can use the feature or no longer have to suffer the bug).  In the end, it's all economics.
@_date: 2019-06-11 11:16:37
It's an open collaboration; I'm just not using any name that can be traced to my real world name ("almkglor" is very related to my real world name, containing characters from each of my name components).
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:51:58
Depends on the scale of what you are doing.
Do you need to add a new "sender/receiver" later?  Then unless you keep a transaction index, you'd have to restart scanning from the start for the new "sender/receiver".  And a transaction index is not cheap to store; it'll be proportional in space to the blockchain length *at least*, and if you want efficient lookup of the index you'll add some overhead on top of that (hint: use an established db like sqlite3 for storage).
But if you're just monitoring one "sender/receiver" forever (will you?) your current algo is fine.
@_date: 2019-06-13 23:42:20
Lightning *is* a decentralized layer 2 that doesn't suck like sidechains do.  UTXOs can be share-owned --- Lightning channels are the first step to such, followed by channel factories and *maybe* statechains.
Stop being obsessed with ***blockchains*** and start getting obsessed with ***Bitcoin***.
Blockchains are just a data structure.  It's Bitcoin's use of the data structure that is interesting.
Blockchains are only useful for a *base layer*, because of its characteristics (refers only to a physical thermodynamics layer, no need for a higher layer that isn't the Universe) that would suck if used as a dependent lower layer (tons of data, *requires* many participants, public-by-default).  Building additional layers as blockchains is bad for the points I listed already: the thing to do is to build additional layers using other constructions than blockchains.


***I agree***.  Example? "Blockchains are so cute, we should make more blockchains, how about a blockchain on top of a blockchain aka sidechains."  ***Laziness is not a virtue***.  It's better to promote alternate higher layers that *aren't* themselves blockchains instead of encouraging lazy thinking.
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:26:36
What is decentralized may never die, but rises again, harder and stronger.
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:27:46
It's a colored coin implementation.  Useful for ICO scammers.  Calling it "L3" is a bit much though.
@_date: 2019-06-13 09:20:15
Depends on the sample, I suppose.  There may exist some zk-proof that some sample is from an encrypted data.
Of course, if the "sample" is say an excerpt of a text, or say a thumbnail focusing on the face of a pornographic model, or some stills from a video... how do you know that the ***rest*** of the data is not just from `/dev/zero`? :) That's why Piratebay is donation-based rather than charging for every porn film you download from them.
@_date: 2019-06-07 01:33:38
You can't get information from an address? Suppose you input that address in a block explorer. The block explorer knows your IP address (part of the IP protocol underlying everything on the Internet). You are checking that address either because it belongs to you, or you are paying to it, so any tx paying to or from that address is probably related to that IP address. In most first-world countries each homeowner and business gets its own public IP address, and of course the ISP knows the physical house address it assigns each IP address to.
Them you have to realize that nearly every non-Bitcoin-Core wallet is an SPV node, whose main operation is really equivalent to querying some block explorer-like server about every Bitcoin address it controls.
Only Wasabi takes tremendous pains to not leak privacy like a sieve by using TOR and client-side block filtering.
@_date: 2019-06-15 10:41:54
For now, batch your purchases: keep a small amount on the exchange then transfer it out to your real wallet once you've collected some.
Later hopefully some exchanges will implement Lightning and reduce this problem.
@_date: 2019-10-17 02:34:11


I think this is much rarer than you might believe.  This is a community, meaning there are many different people with many different voices and many different opinions.  I hold that central-bank fiat, with its inflation controlled almost directly by people who benefit from it the most, is just another tax, one that is hidden to most people, and my local government is enough of a shit that I am not very willing to pay high fees (tax) for lousy (government) service just because I'm a captive market (citizen).  I don't bitch about price swings, I just taunt people who cry about them (i.e. any price comment I make is going to implicitly have a /s to it).  I'm a tech geek.  I'm in it for the tech (see my submitted posts).  I sometimes even claim I'm not invested in Bitcoin, I'm just here for the tech.
Instead, what you see is that some people hold that government fiat suxx, and other people bitch about price swings, and yet other people want the price to swing up because they need to somehow feel good about their not-very-well-held claim that government fiat suxx.  You may be conflating them together as a single hypocrtical community, rather than realizing that they're different people with different views and opinions sharing the same virtual space to rant in.
For myself, an undisclosed portion of my family's savings are in BTC, and that is unlikely to change unless there's a major disaster with me or my family.  Price swings, price swings, oh look the price is still much higher than the highest price I ever purchased BTC at, how interesting, did you see the weather report today which was much more interesting than the BTC price?
@_date: 2019-06-26 06:18:47
There are only two decisions to make:
1. How often will you fiat-cost-average in?
2.  How much do you buy per fiat-cost-average?
Just decide on something like "50 USD per 1 week" or "20 USD per 1 month" or something.
Then stick to it.
Afterwards, there are two possibilities:
* Bitcoin goes up -&gt; think: "yay my hodlings went up!"
* Bitcoin goes down -&gt; think: "yay my next cost-averaging will buy more coins!"
That's how you manage that dumb reptilian circuitry you call your brain's emotional circuitry.
(This technique is called "pre-commitment". It's a powerful tool to tell your emotional circuitry to shut up.  Consider that marriages often have these big events, you don't just shack up and fuck in order to have a marriage: it's a tool to force you to pre-commit to making things work.  Pre-commitment is a powerful tool to make your emotional circuitry not go haywire later.  Just say: "I've committed to this, not going to change now".  That way, you can entice your slower rational circuitry to reflect and investigate whether the pre-commitment should now be invalidated (and make sure to give it time, your rational brain is not as well-evolved as your emotional brain and it's a fucking slow-tard that eats too much glucose), without getting too much of your emotional circuitry's haywire noise into your judgment circuit.)
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:47:28


The existence or nonexistence of an open Lightning channel is immaterial IMO.  What is interesting is it is possible to CoinSwap completely offchain without onchain activity (especially since onchain CoinSwap takes 2 txes (post-Taproot) for each coin to be swapped: a Somsen mechanism CoinSwap would require only 1 tx to set up the Somsen mechanism; however, once you want to exit the Somsen mechanism in order to reduce your vulnerability to the federation, the 2nd onchain tx appears, but this can represent multiple swaps of equal-valued UTXOs between large numbers of participants).
Again, the cost is trust in the federation *and* in every previous owner of the UTXO: if any one of the previous owners (which knows the chaperone privkey) colludes with a voting quorum of the federation, the underlying funds can be stolen.
@_date: 2019-08-29 04:22:34
@_date: 2019-06-25 04:11:51
Quantum computers break **certain kinds** of cryptography.
It breaks prime-number-based (RSA) and elliptic-curve-based (ECDSA, Schnorr) cryptography.
Other kinds of cryptography (lattice-based, hash-based, some other things-based... (I'm not a cryptographer, I only portray one on reddit)) are unaffected.
If quantum computers with large number of qubits start arising, Bitcoin transaction signing can switch to, say, a lattice-based signature scheme (though everyone has to move their coins from old ECDSA/Schnorr-based coins).
Proof-of-work, being hash-based, is not affected by quantum computing at all.
Quantum computers are not magical solve-all-possible-math-problems devices.
@_date: 2019-06-13 23:41:10
It can, but it will be way ***less efficient***, just like using a CPU to mine nowadays will lose you money.
@_date: 2019-06-13 04:31:56
Between 1 satoshi and 21 million bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:48:12


Yes, because your node always operates in "Don't trust, verify!" mode.  Doesn't matter if the node it's talking to is a sub-node of a Bitcoin FIBRE super-node.  It's always "Don't trust, verify".
The special "trusting" mode of FIBRE is only intended to be used if you are a big enough whale that you can run several FIBRE-using nodes globally, and you set it up to trust only those nodes that you actually own and control.  Since you supposedly can trust yourself (if you can't, your problems are much bigger and you need to talk to a psychiatrist pronto) this is not a problem, because the rest of the network will still not trust you.
@_date: 2019-06-30 02:24:14
Wasabi Wallet.  Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2019-10-01 02:23:06
`scriptPubKey` used to be free-for-all, you could write anything, including having 15 public keys.  It's part of the `IsStandard` check that today's `scriptPubKey`s can only be P2PKH or P2SH or `OP_RETURN` or SegWit.  Back then you could write `15 &lt;pubkey1&gt; ... &lt;pubkey15&gt; 15 OP_CHECKMULTISIG` directly in `scriptPubKey`.
Now the `scriptPubKey` is on *your* transaction paying to me.  That really long `scriptPubKey`, with 15 public keys, is paid for by you making that transaction.  The money is now protected with 15 public keys, but that's *my* security that is being paid for on *your* transaction.
P2SH inverts this by forcing the `redeemScript` to be placed in the `scriptSig` (or in SegWit, on `witness`).  This means that I pay for my own security if I want 15 public keys, because I have to publish the entire `15 &lt;pubkey1&gt; ... &lt;pubkey15&gt; 15 OP_CHECKMULTISIG` on *my* transaction that spends my funds.  That's the reason why P2SH was invented.
@_date: 2019-10-01 00:21:48
Don't know.  This was added in [2010]( and was rubberstamped by Satoshi himself.  It's no longer being pushed: it already ***is*** at this point.
I suspect it has to do with efforts to make Bitcoin a "serious" money rather than a toy.  Before `IsStandard` people were playing with Bitcoin SCRIPT, creating [puzzles](  Some of the arguments on the linked thread point to people putting unnecessary non-financial data on outputs, for example, by abusing `scriptPubKey`.  One can see here the start of the block size debate.
With P2SH, it was decided to discourage arbitrary SCRIPT usage in `scriptPubKey`.  You want arbitrary SCRIPT. embed it in a P2SH.
P2SH itself was considered superior due to the multisignature argument.
Suppose I want to have superior security than just plain P2PKH singlesig.  Suppose you now owe me some money because I'm so good at explaining Bitcoin to you.  So I ask you to pay to a `scriptPubKey` containing 15 pubkeys in a multisignature.  But that increases the size of *your* transaction, paying to me, and the fee for that transaction is paid by *you*.  But it's *me* who has the improved security: you're paying for my security.
Probably not relevant though :P
@_date: 2019-06-15 03:40:51


@_date: 2019-06-15 04:26:15
Misunderstanding definitely: 
@_date: 2019-06-17 07:25:59
Similar argument for watchtowers.  Watchtowers can ignore encrypted blobs that match a revocable transaction, but this comes at the cost of losing out on revocation rewards, which means they won't be competitive against watchtowers that don't ignore encrypted blobs matching revocable transactions.
@_date: 2019-06-30 04:29:32
It's all economics.  Worst comes to worst, a hostile fork occurs and the network is split.  What then matters is which coin users HODL and which coin users SODL.  The SODL coin loses value, the HODL coin gains value.  In theory, merely knowing that this will occur is enough to convince anyone attempting to change the protocol without consensus not to actually push through.
@_date: 2019-10-02 04:19:02


It's economic power that protects against censorship: 
SPV (but not fullnodes) allow miners to co-opt economic power from SPV nodes (but not fullnodes).  This is because in a massively-SPV environment, SPV nodes will follow majority hashrate regardless of block validity, thus hashpower is able to "vote" about the future of the blockchain using the economic power of the SPV nodes, co-opting the economic power of SPV nodes using hashpower.
Thus fullnoding indirectly protects against censorship by preserving your own economic power, which is necessary against censorship attacks, since it is precisely fees that ensure censorship resistance.
It is entirely possible I am massively confused here, so there is also that.


See argument above.
I suppose we can just agree to say "okay, let's see how it all shakes out".  Good luck on your endeavours to make SPV better.
@_date: 2019-06-27 09:12:00
*facepalm* do ***NOT*** get from a website.  You never know if the website is recording what it's generating.
Just have Electrum generate the seed words itself, that's much safer than what you're doing.  If it's for life savings, either invest in a hardware wallet like  or get a spare laptop/desktop and [set up an offline cold storage Electrum there]( while you setup a watch-only Electrum on your normal computer.
@_date: 2019-10-23 17:23:06
The tradeoff that Bitcoin takes is to sacrifice price stability in exchange for not inexorably losing funds in the long run due to inflation.  If you do not want to take that tradeoff, feel free to use another currency.
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:33:29
I've got both.
Electrum integrates with my preferred HW wallet, Trezor.  It's also much more mature and thus likely to not have bugs.
I use Wasabi to tumble my coins before sending to my Electrum-watch-my-Trezor-only wallet.
@_date: 2019-10-10 03:35:56
The best time to buy popcorn was 8 years ago.  The second best time to buy popcorn is now.
@_date: 2019-10-24 07:24:05


Is Bitcoin useful to you as a way to send money without censors?


If Bitcoin cannot survive state attack, it should not survive at all.


Of course it is.


I don't know.  Opinions without proper backing of reasoning and evidence are pointless anyway.  Perhaps a realization that inflation loses your funds definitely, whereas Bitcoin only *maybe* loses your funds due to its volatility (which cannot be removed, nobody can control Bitcoin supply, not even the invisible hand of the free market since supply is fixed), might help.
@_date: 2019-10-10 23:38:59
Donate to a coder or developer. for example.
@_date: 2019-06-27 05:50:36
**shrug** I mostly talk about the tech rather than the price actions.  I own 0 Bitcoins, I'm only here for the tech.  I lost all my Bitcoins in a tragic nose-picking accident a few minutes ago, and since then I only want to talk about the technology.
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:42:27


Average = total channels / total nodes.
Increase total nodes and if each new node has fewer channels than the current average, then the average gets pulled down.
For example, suppose the current network has 20 channels and 10 nodes, average is 2 channels / node.
Suppose a single node goes up and it only has one channel.  That means 21 channels and 11 nodes, now average is 1.90909091 channels / node.
It's just math.
@_date: 2019-10-17 05:08:49
Bitcoin is designed to preserve privacy, but is not designed to win back any privacy you lost.  And financial institutions --- such as the custodial exchanges --- want to know you, their customer, very well.  It's those that tend to be tracked.  If you lost your privacy by using a custodial exchange, Bitcoin will preserve that lack of privacy.
To regain your privacy you need to use well-vetted and tested software like Wasabi and JoinMarket, which run on top of the Bitcoin blockchain and obscure the links between you and any funds you got from exchanges.  Afterward be very careful and parsimonious in how you spend money.  It's easy to lose your privacy by interacting with real-world entities that are not Bitcoin itself.
A lot of the problems are due to not practicing good enough privacy opsec!
@_date: 2019-06-18 04:11:31


Maybe 3 or 4 halvenings from now?
@_date: 2019-06-21 23:46:57
They'll be arriving simultaneously. From the previous experience with SegWit, maybe 1 year of open debate, 2 years coding and testing, then 2 years of miners delaying deployment because it inadvertently prevents a secret optimization used by some miners.
@_date: 2019-06-20 07:15:11
Re: LN delays: what should be reported should be the experienced amount-of-time from when the node can send the payment downstream to when the node can safely propagate the success/fail upstream.  An absolute time requires that all nodes on the route have clock synchrony, which is not gonna happen.
@_date: 2019-06-13 09:25:18
Bitcoin has a lot more bits behind private keys (128-bit security for ECDSA I think) compared to older encryption schemes in use by, hmmm, earlier encryption standards used by earlier entities like banks and militaries (80-bit or even 64-bit security I think).
You bet they'll attack the lower ones first.
@_date: 2019-06-26 04:32:30
It's really the capacity issue. Routing and pilot algos have not changed. You just get more channels useable for routing because payments are smaller in satoshis now.
@_date: 2019-06-15 04:17:27
This is probably the only good application for sidechains.
@_date: 2019-06-22 00:34:17


The most natural way to get things out of your gut is to pull it out of your ass.
@_date: 2019-06-21 09:27:09
Thank you for the MuSig, the sigs we're signing.
Thanks for all the sats they're bringin'
Who can live without it?  I ask in all honesty.
What would life be?
Without a Schnorr multisig, what are we?
So I say:
Thank you for the MuSig, for giving it to me!
@_date: 2019-06-14 01:34:51
Forget the math. You tend to get better privacy with an ATM. Unless it asks for a driver's license or some such.
@_date: 2019-06-04 01:41:31
For all you know, yes. Consider [BIP42]( which limits the coin supply. It's obvious that whoever inserted the bug that was fixed by BIP42 is a time traveler from 1024 years in the future who wanted to inflate the supply then.
@_date: 2019-06-28 10:16:04
There is already a name :D Decker-Russell-Osuntokun is even three names, so that's even better than just one LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL,.
@_date: 2019-06-26 04:06:11
Nothing, the other side of the world still exists and would be protected by the sheer mass of the Earth.
@_date: 2019-06-27 04:12:38
Relevant: 
This is a practical method of allowing multiple parallel payments, but requires either Schnorr on Bitcoin blockchain layer, or Lightning using 2p-ECDSA (which has 80-bit security but can be done without Bitcoin layer change, but if we go this path we'd have to reimplement it on Schnorr later for improved security, i.e. implement twice: once with 2p-ECDSA, once with Schnorr).
From the framework we've been discussing this in:
Roughly, this is about making 2-of-2 UTXOs.  The payee has the key for one of the signatures, while the payer has different keys for each UTXO.  So for example, UTXO A might have a 2-of-2 with the payee key, plus the payer key A', while UTXO B might have a 2-of-2 with the payee key, plus the payer key B'.  The UTXOs also have a backout path / timelock that reverts it back to the payer if the payee does not claim it.
Once the payee sees one or the other UTXO has been deeply confirmed onchain (or equivalently on Lightning, once it receives the UTXO on one of its direct channels) it ACKs to the payer, which then sends the corresponding payer key.  So for example if UTXO A arrives first onchain (arrives to the payee channel first) then the payee signals ACK to the payer asking for the payer key A', and then payer sends A' and remembers that it has already paid (and thus should never release B' to the payee).  Then even if UTXO B arrives at the payee later, payer will not release B' to the payee (payee already got paid using key A', and should claim UTXO A), and eventually (due to timelock) UTXO B ownership will return to the payer.  So the payee is only paid once, and the payer can run multiple attempts in parallel, just like you asked for.
This is transportable across channels by making use of Scriptless Script and passing around private keys instead of signatures.  Scriptless Script requires either 2p-ECDSA or Schnorr currently.
@_date: 2019-06-13 08:53:20
@_date: 2019-10-30 04:54:36
@_date: 2019-10-01 07:55:49
Other fullnodes stop double-spends, not other miners.  Non-mining fullnodes are just miners with 0% hashpower, and if we're denying the ability of hashing to stop double-spends, then 0% hashpower is not an issue.
@_date: 2019-06-11 04:35:41
Practically speaking, nothing at all.  Some people claim that "blockchain is a database" means it is a generally useful thing, but it isn't: blockchains are slow databases that require storing and transmitting a lot of information.
What blockchains are good for is ensuring that certain properties are kept, such as the coin supply cap, with no way to falsify any data.
For most fields, using a real database is much better.
@_date: 2019-06-27 06:30:47
0\.  I lost all my bitcoins in a tragic nose-picking accident a few minutes ago.  I'm only in it for the tech.
@_date: 2019-06-17 09:28:53
For what it's worth, the following two properties mitigate (***but not eliminate***) the risk that the federation members can steal:
1.  The federation members sign blindly without knowing *what* they are signing.  For all they know they are signing random nonces.  This means they don't know what UTXO they are signing for, so they don't know what UTXO they can steal.  Of course, the balance of probability is that they're signing Bitcoin transactions, but until they get some information about what UTXO they are signing for, they won't be able to create a transaction that steals that UTXO.
2.  There is an extra "common" pubkey whose privkey needs to be *also* known by at least one federation member before the UTXO can be stolen by the federation quorum.  If the federation doesn't know the privkey of the "common" pubkey, even if they know which UTXO is being spent, they still can't steal the UTXO.
This isn't *trustless* but it *is* reduced-trust, somewhat.
The problem is that the mechanism is also being marketed to create channel factories with *dynamic membership sets*, i.e. adding new participants to a channel factory, allowing them to get an incoming channel so they can receive money by it (e.g. it is a new hire, and will be paid its salary via the new incoming Lightning channel).
It would be trivial for a stealing federation to plant such a new participant to random channel factories that offer adding new participants to the Lightning Network.  Then they learn the UTXO being spent (because new participants need to be able to audit that the money in the channel factory is actually being, you know, properly split up and not inflated) ***and*** the common privkey (because you need it to drop the construction onchain, and you must always be able to drop your funds onchain in case of non-participation of your counterparty(ies)).
And once the federation acquires the UTXO and the common privkey, it can steal the UTXO.
If you are willing to settle for channel factories with fixed participant sets, you don't need statechains, n-of-n is enough, and you get all the benefits of channel factories without having to trust a federation.  All the statechain mechanism adds is a dynamic membership set, and that's not a big advantage compared to having multiple channels backed by a single onchain UTXO, and arguably having to trust a federation is too much of a trust vulnerability for such a minor advantage.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:37:23
Miner blocks are valid if and only if fullnodes accept them as valid.
Fullnodes will only accept for payment those coins from miner block coinbases that are in blocks that the fullnode accepts as valid.
If there is a miner-led hardfork that is unpopular among economically-significant majority (the "economic majority" comprising all hodlers and users of the currency) they will make an effort to sell of coins in that fork, and keep (on their fullnodes) the fork that they value.
That kills miners who are in the miner-led fork, because they have to sell a good portion of their earnings to pay for electriicity, but the economic majority selling out the miner-led fork are tanking its price.
And the economic majority (mostly composed of hodlers now, but their power will wane relative to actual spenders once enough halvenings occur) consume far less electricity running their fullnodes than miners consume for their mining rigs.
In that competition, miners ***lose*** and have no say in the overall destiny of the coin.
They can only select transactions.  They cannot select entire rulesets.  Years back in the very first halvening, some miners tried to comment out the halvening code so that they mined 50 BTC forever.  Nobody accepted those blocks and those miners quickly reverted their changes.  Only the economic majority controls how the coin evolves.  Miners have no power.
@_date: 2019-06-26 09:42:09
Before asking the community to do anything: ask if you can do it yourself.
Way back when a lot of people were saying "when are ***they*** going to finish building Lightning Network???" I hired a freelancer to contribute to C-Lightning.
Don't tell the community what to do unless you're willing to do it.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:15:51
Yes and no.
Full nodes that are used by economically-significant wallets control it, but solely as the control of the wallet.
Full nodes that are just left running "for the health of the network" won't matter in case of a hostile miner-led hardfork, because what they're verifying (and rejecting) won't affect anybody's funds.
@_date: 2019-06-22 00:20:02
...why not??
@_date: 2019-08-07 04:19:12


There is also economic incentive to aggregate in any fidelity-bond system like proof-of-stake.  Indeed, humans already aggregate their money into the "new banks", i.e. exchanges.  Thus, exchanges are likely to be able to acquire larger stake due simply to people leaving their coins there, and that is a bad combination: exchanges can silently run a shorting attack on a coin they have majority control over, destroying said coin and earning money in the process.


 which is why we decentralize.
The only reason to be afraid of political opposition is if you are not yet decentralized enough that individuals cannot share the risk of hiding from the state.
That's why Bitcoin is slowly adding better privacy techniques now, since we can actually afford to do so.
@_date: 2019-06-30 11:02:27
Not your keys, not your coins much?
@_date: 2019-10-07 09:06:25
No.  Because of the SegWit mechanism, it is now possible to add more SegWit versions that can use different hashes, using only a softfork.
For example, SegWit v1 expects to use *no hash at all*, just the pubkey directly, possibly with the sign byte elided/auto-computed in order to reduce the 33-byte pubkey to 32 bytes.
Of note is that SegWit v1 will use the Taproot mechanism for encoding scripts, which is basically a way to secretly commit to a script behind a public key.  If you squint, if you have data that fits in 32 bytes, you can treat it as a private key and then create a public key from it, this is a one-way function, aka a "hash", so that is one way to implement a "hash" function.
Regarding quantum safety, I expect when the Bitcoin devs derive a nice compact quantum-safe signing algo with linearity like Schnorr-like signatures.  Then they could allocate another SegWit version (there are 32 possible, the current SegWit is just v0, Schnorr+Taproot+MAST is v1) for the quantum-safe signature algo, and use any arbitrary hash function to hide/compress public keys if that is deemed necessary.
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:48:53
It's fine if you don't particular care about your privacy. If you use different addresses, unless you spend them together they are not linkable as beingowned by the same entity. But multiple payments to the same address is obviously the same entity owning it.
@_date: 2019-06-30 10:52:34
This is accurate, if simplified; I don't know why you're downvoted.
@_date: 2019-06-12 02:35:42
Namecoin (a "DNS"-type dealie) failed.  Maybe you could do better by building some kind of colored coin on top of Bitcoin instead, but the failure of namecoin strongly suggests not even DNS is going to be useful.
@_date: 2019-10-04 07:17:21
Never use a reversible fiat method.  Cash deposit only.
@_date: 2019-10-03 04:45:36
If the channels are published, as all channels should be (unfortunately most software don't publish channels), just leave them online and create a new channel elsewhere.  They can be used to route through you and help the network.
If channels are unpublished, well, sad.
@_date: 2019-06-26 06:43:06
Do note "not your keys not your coins".  Use Electrum on a mobile, that's reasonably secure as long as you keep your seed words in a safe somewhere (though be careful where you get it: it's a common target for phishing  ).  Later if your hodlings grow invest in a hardware wallet, or build one yourself with Electrum on a perma-offline spare computer you have.  You can use any app or exchange to *buy* Bitcoins, just make sure to periodically move it to your own keys (could be as soon as you buy it if it's big enough, or batch a few purchases before you send to your own keys).
@_date: 2019-06-30 07:07:10
Bitcoin SCRIPT is a programming language.
Every coin in Bitcoin (more formally known as a "UTXO" or Unspent Transaction Output) has a SCRIPT attached to it.
The SCRIPT indicates what data needs to be presented in order to spend the coin in a transaction.
The most common SCRIPT templates for UTXOs are P2PKH (pay to pubkey hash) and P2WPKH (pay to witness pubkey hash).  The SCRIPT contains the hash of the public key.  In order to spend the coin, the SCRIPT requires that the pubkey (matching the hash it contains) is provided, and that a signature for the spending transaction, signed using the privkey of the pubkey, is also provided, before the coin can be spent.
Bitcoin addresses that start with `1` simply contain the hash of a public key, in base58check format.  Wallets automatically fill in the rest of the SCRIPT when you pay to a `1` address.  Colloquially, `1` addresses are called P2PKH addresses.
Because of a long history (Bitcoin is 11 years old now), there are a ***lot*** of wrinkles about how SCRIPT is interpreted.  If you want, I can teach you the hacks used for P2SH, as well as how P2WPKH and P2WSH are actually expressed.  However, the discussion will be extremely technical.
@_date: 2019-06-13 01:45:11
At marketing.
@_date: 2019-06-15 00:45:25
The intent is that the statechain data is of interest only to the direct participants signing on the statechain.
Onchain you do not depend on SPV, you depend on the fact that the federation signers are working honestly. Given that assumption you don't really care what the statechain is.
It is mildly different from true Federated sidechains in this manner:
1. The starting participant set selects the federation. There is no fixed federation that all Statechain users must use. This distributes the risk relative significantly better than Liquid or Rootstock: no single federation is likely to lock more than 0.1% of coin supply (exchanges are much bigger risks than this and you can't audit them).
2. The federation members cannot be sure 100% that they are signing Bitcoin txes under the hood; as blind signers in theory they could be signing random nonces. Even if their signature and pubkey is published onchain they cannot recognize it since a tweak known only to participants is added.
3. Even if the federation realizes they're signing Bitcoin txes, they can steal only with the cooperation of at least one participant.
The above is supposed to assure us that we need only check the signature onchain, since federation fuckery is unlikely.
For myself I probably wouldn't use it either.
The benefit it adds to channel factories is the ability to add and remove factory participants offchain. That's it. You can't add more funds to the factory without onchain activity, you can't remove funds from the factory without onchain activity. It's not a big enough advantage IMO, but I'm cautiously hedging that *maybe* it will be useful in practice, so I don't entirely dismiss it.
@_date: 2019-06-28 04:37:40
bitcoin-wizards IRC, lightning-dev IRC, bitcoin-dev mailinglist, lightning-dev mailinglist, github bitcoin/bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-30 04:31:26
*I* do, because I can't run a fullnode with the current blocksize.  And I'm a strong Bitcoin maximalist (check my post history).  Some day maybe the 2Mb average blocksize supported by SegWit might be palatable for me, but not now.
@_date: 2019-06-26 04:00:48
Because getting too much into the woo woo distracts from actions that actually improve outcome, whereas positive outlook can be had without any of the woo woo.
For instance: by the laws of thermodynamics, entropy increase of a closed system is inevitable.  However, the Earth is not a closed system.  Sun blasts tons of physical energy, a tiny percent of that reaches Earth, a good part of that energy reaches plants, those plants become food that is harvested and feeds you.  That energy you get is the energy you use to improve your world.  Money is a store of energy: you work (spending energy you got from food) and get paid money, and then you can use that money to purchase the works of others (thus: money is storage of energy).
Work and get paid, and you are converting the active energy of your body into stored energy in money.  Use a hard money like Bitcoin and your stored energy will not dissipate over time (the way it does in a fiat currency).  Acquire more money and you acquire more energy and upgrades: the ability to hire others for their expertise, the ability to purchase books and lessons to improve your energy-efficiency.  Help the world get more energy from the Sun, and utilize that energy more efficiently (and Bitcoin mining is quite efficient at this point), and you will eventually be able to acquire more of the additional energy you let the world economy access.
All human activity is economic activity, and all of it derives from our utilization and exploitation of energy.
All of that is enough to change your own world-view to realize that your very existence implies a positive amount of energy fed from the embers of a dying star.
And none of that involves any kind of  ***goddamned motherfucking shit-faced*** woo.
The only secret is that there is no secret.  Science has already shown the way, in many cases the knowledge is already openly taught publicly for centuries: the problem is that humans are so suspicious of freely-available knowledge that they discount it and would rather go for mysterious woo when Science has already unlocked the secrets of the Universe.  I've seen it jokingly suggested that scientists should go back to the mysterianism of previous ages and make prospective Ph.D.s climb a mountain to defend their dissertation from masked men in robes of fine silk while kneeling, because human brains are idiots when it comes to stupid rituals.
@_date: 2019-06-29 03:56:53
You should see my secret superhero identity :)
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:26:25
Think of all the unwaistlined in third world countries! We should waistline the unwaistlined and invest in chocolate cheesecake!
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:13:42
Yes, because "restricted ability to make transactions" is loads better than "nobody accepts your money".  This has already happened: xref the old "remove the halvening", as well as the Bcash debacle some years ago, as well as SegWit2X.
@_date: 2019-06-17 09:53:13
Always consider that the more details a future scenario is presented with, the *less* likely that future scenario will come about.  This is a known weakness of the human brain: people will judge "A person named Sally Ackerman is a female bank teller who likes flowers" as more likely than "A person named Sally is a bank teller", because the human brain is flawed and only works via lousy heuristics that are reliable only in a savanna environment with a tribe of hunter-gatherers.
Everything that requires more things to be right is less likely as a future scenario.  Your scenario requires that a Bitcoin-like currency *that is also backed by certain "popular" governments and corporations* succeed, while the success of Bitcoin only requires that a Bitcoin-like currency succeeds.
@_date: 2019-06-28 04:55:58
Maybe can come over here and tell you how to get the proof-of-payment acquired from paying an invoice.
@_date: 2019-06-27 04:13:15
@_date: 2019-06-14 01:12:25
Ratoshi &gt; random redditor &gt; random rat &gt; faketoshi.
@_date: 2019-10-14 04:43:34


I don't describe Graftroot there though.  Basically, graftroot simply means the output says "I have this public key, now provide any valid script that is signed by that public key and fulfill *that* script".
@_date: 2019-06-19 10:45:40
Yes. Get back privacy by passing funds through Wasabi CoinJoin.
@_date: 2019-06-15 03:43:05
@_date: 2019-06-26 05:35:08
Then tie together a few of these and start explaining HTLCs and route forwarding.
@_date: 2019-06-28 04:33:57
I lost all of my Bitoin in a tragic fruit-pickling accident two decades ago, so yeah, I lost money.
@_date: 2019-06-26 03:27:12
Eventually, yes.
@_date: 2019-06-27 06:21:04
When I stop getting paid in fiat.
@_date: 2019-10-24 07:29:44
Ehhh I already bought my kids some BTC.  Though yeah you're much richer than we are LOL.
@_date: 2019-10-03 04:37:25
If you only need to prove that something occurred at a particular date, try looking into OpenTimestamps.
But note that this only means that *you claim* that this occurred.  Third parties may or may not believe you.  This is the "oracle problem" of blockchains, and is the reason why most developers do not bother with this application --- it's not much better than you just making a sworn affidavit, third parties still need to trust that what you said is true .
@_date: 2019-10-24 07:52:04
You may be misunderstanding some things.
Bitcoin and Lightning are two different networks.
Lightning is an overlay network built *on top of* Bitcoin network.
Bitcoin nodes validate all blockchain-layer (i.e. Bitcoin-network) transactions.  Some Bitcoin nodes are "miners" which provide proof-of-work security to blocks in exchange for a largish fee.
Lightning nodes forward payments across the Lightning network, and get paid fees for forwarding those payments.  This requires that you have a good amount of Bitcoin sitting in channels on the Lightning network, and some time and patience before the Lightning network adapts to your presence and makes it possible to forward through you.
Lightning network operates optimistically: it does some checks that everything is kosher and then forwards without interacting with the blockchain (Bitcoin) network.  But in case of any dispute or problem or failed check that cannot be recovered on Lightning only, the Lightning network node will then automatically drop its channel onchain to the Bitcoin network to enforce the rules required by the LN to operate correctly; this means your funds remain controlled by you (but only to the extent your Lightning node can access the Bitcoin network in a timely manner in case of such problems --- meaning LN nodes have to have high uptime, unlike Bitcoin nodes which don't really need high uptime).
Earning fees from LN requires some amount of monitoring and actively managing your LN node, and is an art still being learned by LN node operators.  In practice, Lightning nodes don't earn enough to justify their continuous operation unless you have a really large and popular one, and you still generally want to have a business that actually uses Bitcoin and / or Lightning to justify having a Lightning node.
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:32:43
It involves the risk of using particular exchanges, as well as risks of getting your bank account shut down due to Bitcoin activity in particular countries.  Those change the price at different exchanges.
@_date: 2019-06-20 07:09:08
Using Bitcoin *is* the revolution.
@_date: 2019-10-09 06:56:08
The detailed reply in  is very good, and should answer your question sufficiently.
A common misconception is that somehow higher layers like Lightning (and probably more in the future) "steal" transaction fees from miners.
However, transactions that are too low-value to occur on Bitcoin base layers are simply not possible.  For various reasons, the block size has to be fixed, else decentralization is at risk, thus some transactions simply cannot occur on the base layer.  Those transactions will occur elsewhere: if Bitcoin has no higher layers that aggregate multiple smaller transactions, then those transactions will simply not occur on Bitcoin, at all.  That implies that enabling such transactions to be performed on higher layers brings in more transaction fees for miners, not less.
@_date: 2019-06-14 04:57:09
The way to pay watchtowers is by checking if they're actually watching.
What you do is to emulate a channel open with two privkeys you actually both control.  Register it to the watchtower.  Then simulate an old-state close.  If the watchtower is paying attention it will revoke the old state and earn money (part of its cut, with the rest returned to you).  If it's not paying attention you get your money back and didn't pay the watchtower (and you know the watchtower suxxors and avoid using it in the future).
Watchtower never learns the difference between being paid and an actual breach, because *privacy*.
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:09:52
Just look at the coinbase tx (first tx in the block).  You know the block subsidy schedule, so 12.5 from each block is the block subsidy (and represents the "power" of hodlers over miners).  The rest is transaction fees (and represents the "power" of transactors over miners).  The latter will be noisy, so use any standard noise-dampening algo (e.g. a simple low-pass filter).  Then use any standard signal extrapolation algo.  You know when the block subsidy of 12.5BTC will be halvened to 6.25 BTC, so you know the power of the hodlers over miners will have their factor reduced; you just need extrapolation of the fee.
@_date: 2019-06-27 09:24:24
:P :D
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:41:53
I, u/tomtomtom7 and u/RHavar already discussed this elsewhere on this post.  Both passes are O(n log n) each.  In any case, u/nullc already pointed out elsewhere that most of the gains are from use of Compact Blocks, and additional improvements on top of that, even the 10x claimed, are minimal in the grand context of everything else.  There's a thread within this post that nullc started, I'm a bit lazy to go hunt for it, sorry.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:25:01


Except the incentives are different.
Mining is intended to be difficult, but not "the universe will end before you guess it" difficult.  It's intended to be difficult only to the level "10 minutes will usually pass before somebody somewhere in the world gets it".
On the other hand, "guessing" a private key corresponding to a Bitcoin address is in fact "the universe will end before you guess it" difficult.  That's the whole point.
The two are designed that way because we want miners to mine, we don't want people to steal.  Get it?
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:53:57
Step 2 is still O( n^2 ) in the "4000+ valid transactions in a single long chain of transactions" case, please see parent comment, I edited it possibly after you saw it.


Please specify how?  So we can review what this does in various cases?  I worry if this "catching" is going to fail badly in the "valid block composed of 4000+ transactions in a single long chain".
I'm a bit uncertain about the "Add all utxos in block, then remove all utxos in block" means....?  Do you add "created" utxos, then remove "spent/deleted" utxos, then do... what validation?


I personally hold the position that any hardfork from now on will never be politically feasible and will lead to the launching of a new altfork, even hardforks that Core supports.
@_date: 2019-06-17 04:38:53


Publishing a later state in Decker-Russell-Osuntokun, when an old state is broadcast, is "equivalent in spirit" to revoking an older state in Poon-Dryja, so I see this as a distinction without a difference.
@_date: 2019-06-29 15:50:29
You don't even need to "remove it"; the whole point of LN is being offchain but retaining non-custodiality, at the cost of having to be continuously online.  "Proper" exchange support would be the exchange operating as a fiat-only bank, transporting LN invoices directly from BTC buyers to BTC sellers, then authorizing fiat transfers when presented with proof-of-payment of an invoice.
@_date: 2019-06-19 22:46:34
Don't stress yourself over this. DLT means Distributed Ledger Technology, a buzzword that means making you own shitcoin. There is little value to most such projects, and what is of value can be done with blinded Chaumian banks or offchain techniques on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:37:08
Between 0 and 1 googleplex seconds from now.
@_date: 2019-06-21 09:44:20










No, this is also how Bitcoin works.  That's why CPFP is even possible: transactions modify the UTXO db one at a time, as long as all transaction outputs it spends are earlier in the sequence of transactions, same block or not.
@_date: 2019-10-10 00:12:57
Amounts transferred are still known, as well as timing, and the same hash is used along the entire route. However the onion routing used means that intermediate nodes know only the direct node before and after them on the route, which cuts down the information leaked. Intermediate nodes can guess the payee as being somewhere within a radius of itself due to the decrementing timelocks along the route, but cannot easily locate the payer. Multiple nodes coordinating can determine they are on the same route but they can only guess the payee using information from the node nearest the payee, and the payer might have reached them by a roundabout route simply by the complete accident that the direct route has insufficient capacity (i.e. the node furthest from the payee might still be pretty far from the payer). Theoretically payers can obscure the value by mildly overpaying, but only C-lightning did this and they removed the feature as the randomness was not random enough in practice.
Overall payers get much better privacy than on Bitcoin base layer. Payment points+scalars will help by not having the same hash along the route (though amount and timing are still leaked). Multipath obscures the total amount transferred. Trampoline routes hide the payee from the payer and help improve payee privacy.
@_date: 2019-06-25 11:40:56
He is completely wrong.
* coin issuance is capped no matter what to 21M. Quantum computers cannot reach into every fullnode and change its code.
* coin issuance is limited by practical mining speeds. More importantly: ***quantum computers have no advantage over classical computers when it comes to hashing***. Quantum computers can crack elliptic curve points, not hashes. Just in case you forgot, mining is hashing, not elliptic curve point cracking.
@_date: 2019-10-01 08:37:54
From a certain point of view, a miner that has 0 hashpower is indistinguishable from an ordinary fullnode.
* Fullnode == miner with 0 hashes/second.
Then let's take your statement:


Since a fullnode is a miner with 0 hashes/second, a fullnode (i.e. a miner that has 0 hashes / second) stops double-spends according to your own statement.
Since it's "not hashing" (again, your own statement!), then it means that a miner with 0 hashes / second (or in other words, a non-mining fullnode) is stopping double-spends and it's immaterial if the miner has 0 hashes / second or 10 billion exahashes squared per second.
In short, chain validity is determined by all fullnodes, not just "miners checking the block is valid", because fullnodes are just miners with 0 hashes / second, and it's "not hashing" that determines block validity (so the fact that fullnodes have 0 hashes / second is immaterial).
Better now?
@_date: 2019-06-20 03:27:08
Okay, let's be a bit more precise and define all our stuff first.
What "channels" are, are really "offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems".
Such systems allow a single UTXO to be share-owned by a group of users.  Within the system, the users can negotiate to transfer some of their funds to each other.
If such a system has only two participants, we call it a "channel", because it has some liquid funds that can be reallocated between one or the other participant.
Such offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems are consensus systems, in the sense that every update to the system requires that all participants agree to the update (i.e. n-of-n signing).  Of course, this has the drawback that everyone has to be online in order to do any updates in how the money is allocated at all.  That's why channels, among offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems, are interesting, since minimizing the number of participants maximizes the probability that all participants are online and capable of executing updates.
Transfers inside an offchain updateable cryptocurrency system are restricted to only the participants.  However, you might have heard of "cross-chain atomic swaps".  These are actually "cross-cryptocurrency-system atomic swaps", not really requiring blockchains.  This allows you to pay an "exchange", or on LN what we call a "hop node" or "forwarding node", over one cryptocurrency system in order to pay a payee who is using a different cryptocurrency system.  This is the central insight of the Lightning Network which makes it a network and not a micropayment channel protocol.
Now, offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems can host any contract that the blockchain hosting them supports.  Since an offchain updateable cryptocurrency system is just a contract that is hosted on some blockchain, the same contract can be constructed inside of another offchain updateable cryptocurrency system.
Thus, channel factories.  A channel factory is an offchain updateable cryptocurrency system (the "factory") that itself hosts offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems (i.e. it contains "channels").
The nice thing is that you can update the "inner" system (i.e. channel level) using only the participants of the inner system, without involving all participants of the outer system.  This has the advantage that we can onboard multiple people at once with a single UTXO at the blockchain level, possibly support having them reallocate their funds to various channel partners at the factory level (which requires all factory participants), and continuously support payments at the channel level.
What the Somsen mechanism ("statechain") wants to do is to extend a channel factory so that the number of participants in a channel factory can be dynamically added (normally, a channel factory has only a fixed set of participants, like channels are always only between the two channel endpoints).  Note that that's *all* it adds: the other benefits of channel factories are already possible without the Somsen mechanism.  For the ability to add and remove participants, you are now encumbered in the following ways:
1.  Factory-level updates (which, aside from reallocating channels, now includes the ability to remove or add participants) require not just all current participants to be online, but a voting quorum of a federation to also be online.
2.  You have to now trust a federation; the federation is perfectly capable of stealing from you with the cooperation of at least one participant in the factory; and since you're now supporting adding new participants, the federation can easily insert a new participant to your factory that will cooperate with them and steal from you.  This is a strong centralization force, though note that payments occur at the channel level (which the federation is never informed about) so at least censorship and surveillence of payments is not possible, only outright theft (though I suppose most people would be more concerned about theft than censorship+surveillance).
@_date: 2019-06-25 07:51:23
When the Orkish Hordes start treading upon the grounds made hallow by the blessed Space Marines loyal to the God-Emperor, and the Necron Tomb-worlds have awoken to wage war upon the remnants of the Eldari.
@_date: 2019-10-03 04:41:20
Ouch.  For want of a nail. Hope things are better for you now.
@_date: 2019-06-14 01:37:26


But I **like** my waistline! It's soft and squishy!
@_date: 2019-06-14 01:26:35
The increased power drain is likely to come to somebody's attention and you might be shown some small print that limits what electricity consumption will be free.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:24:39


Yes, because that's part of "Bitcoin-like currency (a.k.a. Bitcoin itself) succeeds".
See?  You thought adding all those details made it more likely.  That's precisely what I said is the weakness of the human brain.  A copycat that is backed by large companies and nations is less likely to succeed than Bitcoin itself being backed large companies and nations.  And nothing about Bitcoin requires that its success be backed by large companies and nations before stronger economic forces (i.e. all human beings, not just those belonging to large companies and nations) force them to.  So just from there, Bitcoin is more likely to succeed: it could still succeed without backing, and its probability of succeeding ***with*** backing is ***at least*** as high as a copycat ***with*** backing, and a copycat ***without*** backing succeeding is like the same chance as Scarlett Johansson and Jessica Alba agreeing to a threesome with me.
`b1` = probability Bitcoin succeeds without backing.
`b2` = probabililty Bitcoin succeeds with backing.
`s1` = probability shitcoin succeeds without backing = probability Scarlett Johanson and Jessica Alba will have a threesome with almkglor
`s2` = probability shitcoin succeeds with backing.
Assuming `b2` and `s2` are almost the same (they won't: `b2` is likely to be higher, because people who don't trust first-worlder governments (like me) are going to support Bitcoin in this situation anyway (because their support or non-support is basically "who cares?" to me), but won't support shitcoin even if the USA president is sworn in on a stack of shitcoins), and accepting that `s1` is practically 0 for all intents and purposes, `b1` is how much more likely that Bitcoin succeeds, with or without backing, than some random shitcoin *with* backing succeeds.
Since it's the relative probability of success that you should be betting on, you should bet on Bitcoin succeeding.
@_date: 2019-06-19 11:21:39
Core is adding more and more privacy stuff.
1.  Non-zero `nLockTime` by default (most wallets don't do this, they use 0 `nLockTime`).  One advantage is that it reduces fee sniping.  The other advantage is that many offchain protocols have a component that allows backoff (money is returned to the original owners) in case of noncooperation in the protocol.  Some offchain protocols (CoinSwap, CoinJoinXT (this is different from CoinJoin!)) are time-limited and the backoff part can be implemented by signing a non-zero `nLockTime` backoff transaction at the start of the protocol (which commits everyone to complete the protocol by the `nLockTime`, or to abort the protocol using the backoff).  By making non-zero `nLockTime` the default, it is hard to differentiate failure of an offchain protocol from an ordinary tx.  This already exists (though other wallets should follow Core's example).
2.  Taproot.  This lets you hide the use of Bitcoin SCRIPT.  If an offchain protocol requires a special Bitcoin SCRIPT to enforce the protocol, getting this SCRIPT published onchain makes it obvious that the offchain protocol is in use. Under some circumstances, Taproot can be used so that if all participants in the protocol agree to the result of the protocol, they can sign in such a way that the SCRIPT that enforces the protocol is not revealed, improving privacy of such protocols (mostly HTLC / atomic swap protocols currently (including CoinSwap, which is basically a same-chain atomic swap protocol), but can be used by for more complicated protocols later on).  An example is with a proposed escrow system: there are two traders who intend to trade Bitcoin for some real-world good, who select a noncustodial escrow service who will judge the case if a dispute occurs.  The Taproot can indicate that the two traders are the participants that can sign without revealing the contract.  This hides a contract that allows the escrow service to indicate where the money should go with the cooperation of one or the other trader.  If the two traders can agree that the trade was completed faithfully, they can sign off without revealing the contract; more interestingly, the escrow service does not even need to learn that it was the selected escrow for the case where the two traders agree, because the onchain contract is not revealed if the two traders agree and the possibility that the escrow could have stepped in is not shown.  Requires consensus change, is already in the pipeline for implementation.
3.  Scriptless Script.  This lets an HTLC-like construction to be constructed using only a non-zero `nLockTime` backoff transaction and a "payment transaction" which, when signed and in combination with some communcation between participants, reveals a secret (equivalent to the preimage in the HTLC construction, which can then be used to claim another Scriptless Script construction).  Means we only end up using signatures onchain.  Requires either using another cryptosystem (Pailler) if you're willing to settle for two participants per HTLC-like construction with current ECDSA (no consensus change, just needs implementation in e.g. Lightning and other protocols), or a consensus change to allow Schnorr-derived signature schemes, which is already in the pipeline for implementation (Taproot is dependent on Schnorr).
4.  MAST.  This lets contracts with multiple ways of getting fulfilled (multi-branch contracts) to be specially constructed so if one branch is taken, only that branch is revealed onchain and the other possible branches are not revealed.  This contrasts with current Bitcoin SCRIPT which has to reveal the entire SCRIPT even if only one possible branch within it is used.  Currently intended to be integrated with Taproot.  Requires consensus change together with Taproot.
The above are the ones that you can use "soon".  Other future changes have some kinks being ironed out, I don't know the details of the kinks myself:
1.  Graftroot.  This lets a set of participants to dynamically add possible SCRIPT alternatives after a coin has been committed onchain, by signing the SCRIPT they want to add and sharing the signatures between themselves.  When brought onchain, only one of the alternatives and the signature attesting acceptance of that alternative is revealed, with other alternatives kept hidden.  This can be a replacement-in-practice for MAST, since MAST reveals that other branches exist, but Graftroot can theoretically be used even if only one possible branch exists.  MAST reveals O(log N) data where N is the number of alternate branches, Graftroot reveals just O(1) data.  Since "reveal" is just another word for "leak", MAST leaks slightly more information than Graftroot does, and Graftroot lets new branches to be added after the UTXO is committed, unlike MAST where all allowed branches are precommitted when the UTXO is created.
2.  Confidential Transactions.  This blinds the amount involved in transaction inputs and outputs so that only their owners know how much it is, but still allowing third parties to validate that sum of outputs == sum of inputs.  Greatly improves CoinJoin: current CoinJoin is typically equal-valued outputs in order to make it harder to perform "CoinJoin Sudoku"; this makes it harder for CoinJoin to be used (consider that Wasabi requires that you mix in units of slightly more than 100mBTC: people trying to mix less than 100mBTC, or far far larger than 100mBTC, have difficulty using it).  With values hidden, CoinJoin Sudoku becomes impossible, removing this restriction.  Unfortunately requires much larger data to validate the blinded values are not negative numbers, meaning any future blocksize increase will either be spent in Confidential Transactions, Post-Quantum signature schemes (which are also large), ***or*** transaction rate increase.
@_date: 2019-06-19 22:28:59
Pruning does not reduce bandwidth use. `blocksonly` does. What pruning does is reduce disk storage use.
@_date: 2019-10-01 08:25:05
Typical escrow on BTC is to use a 2-of-3 multisignature between buyer, seller, and escrow service.
If buyer and seller agree that the product was delivered properly, they just sign a transaction that spends the money to the seller and the escrow never needs to be bothered.
If buyer and seller disagree, then escrow steps in and investigates.  If the escrow believes the buyer is at fault, it signs a transaction that spends the money to the seller and hands it to the seller, who then signs it.  If the escrow believes the seller is at fault, it signs a transaction that returns the money to the buyer and hands it to the buyer, who then signs it.
Generalization of the above basic pattern allows more complex "smart" contracts to be adjudicated by "escrow"-like services: 
@_date: 2019-10-01 02:19:19
Except the single connection sending the longest chain is sending it only to known-SPV nodes.  Since SPV nodes cannot generate fraud hints by themselves, the SPV nodes are economically brought over by the majority hashrate, making miners king of the network.  Since the majority miner is not sending the invalid blocks to any fullnodes, no fullnode will ever generate a fraud hint to warn the SPV nodes.
The reason 12 of your connections are sending you the shorter chain is because they're the honest part of the network.  They can't send fraud hints because they are unaware of the new blocks.
You'd have to treat every chain split as a fraud hint.
@_date: 2019-10-14 04:30:56


Not reliably, but:
* Change addresses are fresh.  Thus, if a transaction has two outputs, and exactly one of the outputs pays to an address that has been paid to before, then the other output is very likely to be change. (this is one reason to avoid address reuse)
* There's the "unneeded input" heuristic.  Basically, for a two-output transaction, if one output is smaller than each individual input, then that output is likely to be the change.  For example, consider somebody spending inputs of 5BTC, 3BTC, and 2BTC.  If the transaction spends to a 1BTC output and a 9BTC output, you can probably bet that the 1BTC output is change.  This is because if the 1BTC output were the payment output, then it should have been enough to just spend the 2BTC output by itself.
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:25:39
It's already 6 figures in *my* country's fiat \^\^
@_date: 2019-06-30 01:17:52
My plans of world domination.... foiled by a grammar nazi!
@_date: 2019-08-05 07:53:16
@_date: 2019-10-01 00:01:12
This is basically just market dynamics?  Higher prices encourage producers to produce more of the good?
@_date: 2017-11-20 00:33:36
C-lightning released a testnet version for public alpha a month ago, though my understanding is that they needed only a few weeks' worth of public testing. Maybe and can give more up to date info.
For myself I'm planning (daydreaming?) a Lightning box --- a single board computer running a Lightning node. Then have it send/receive money via Internet-connected smartphone. Control of your own money plus able to bring it with you.
Edit: There are three implementations of Lightning now.  Much of the current work is integration testing.  Each implementation has different language and dependencies, so you could probably match them to your preferred language:
1.  [c-lightning]( - C, needs Bitcoin core fullnode on same machine
2.  [Eclair]( - Scala (needs JVM), needs Bitcoin core fullnode (not sure if same machine).
3.  [lnd]( - Google Go, needs btcd (a non-core fullnode implementation) on same machine or can run as SPV by connecting to a specially-patched btcd
@_date: 2019-06-29 11:00:41
@_date: 2019-08-08 06:02:13
Noooo!!! Rene how could you increase the centralization of Bitcoin by giving 1 satoshi to By tomorrow he could have made that 1 satoshi into 2 entire satoshi!
@_date: 2019-06-17 04:18:31
And what I am pointing out is that for Lightning, there is a good reason why you only audit your own channels and not every channel: i.e. you can depend on the incentives of the participants of each other channel.
I am agreeing with you here, simply telling you to be more precise in your objection.
@_date: 2019-06-12 02:14:23
Learn privacy techniques.  For example, send 0.1 BTC plus change to a Wasabi client, mix, then send out *part of* the mixed amount to your mobile hot wallet you use for buying pizza.  If your mobile hot wallet runs low on funds, do this again.
I mean --- people have pointed out that you don't carry your life savings around with you, fiat or Bitcoin.
In current fiat instruments, you leave most of your money in a bank, then withdraw some small amount you bring around with you for buying pizza.
This is exactly the same.  You have your "own" bank, i.e. a cold storage wallet in a hardware wallet you keep in a vault in your home,  You withdraw from it periodically to get some money to your hot wallet, i.e. the wallet in your mobile phone.  You arrange to have your salary sent to an address controlled by your cold storage "own bank".
Your example of buying a pizza is roughly equivalent to flashing your stack of 100 USD bills while paying for a pizza slice costing a couple USD.  You'd get mugged whether you use fiat or Bitcoin.
The advantage of having your "own bank" is that nobody can forcibly confiscate your funds, the way negative savings interest rates and "bank bail-ins" can do.  The advantage to holding Bitcoin rather than the fiat of most countries (like mine) is that after a few years, holding a fiat bank account will lose money to inflation while the Bitcoin bank in your basement appreciates.  Running your "own bank" with Bitcoin is a lot easier and cheaper than running your own fiat bank: a little friction with keeping your privacy et al. is pretty good relative to your benefits.
@_date: 2019-06-14 04:58:23
You  are running your own TCP/IP node right now as you read this webpage.  WTF?
@_date: 2019-06-17 04:36:13


wrote about the large federation error:
@_date: 2019-06-21 07:56:35
'Cause I told him to.  He was my roommate and he owed me a favor, so one drunken night I told him to put it on one of his projects.  He chose this.
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:15:45
Very likely, unless trust was not needed between them.  This is a major understated advantage of trustless-out-of-the-box systems like Bitcoin: it allows mutually non-trusting entities to coordinate economically.
@_date: 2019-06-25 04:19:18
It's because the exchanges can't handle fractions of 1coin.  You need to sell an entire 1coin.  Too bad I assassinated the developer but learned too late he stored his hodilngs in a brainwallet, I was going to split the money with you 50-50 when we sold the coin together.
@_date: 2019-06-13 08:56:35
How does the public know that the information is really valuable, rather than a few megabytes of `/dev/zero`?
For that matter how do the "people who wish to delay this information" know the information to be released is indeed the information they don't want to released?
@_date: 2019-06-27 09:03:42
***DO NOT DO THIS WITHOUT USING DICE, COINS, OR OTHER DEVICES FOR PRODUCING RANDOM RESULTS***.  Human brains do not generate words at random very well and anyone who knows you sufficiently well enough in person can get a reasonable guess of what the words are.  You are better off using dice to select words from the existing wordlist.
In addition, while your Electrum will not give out your seed, do be aware that malware in your system (especially if it's Windows) can do things like record your keystrokes or open Electrum wallet files.  This could be an acceptable risk if you are storing a tiny amount you'd be willing to put in a physical wallet you put in your pocket while going out to a park at night where you might be mugged.
If it's going to be life savings, generate the seed offline, never put the computer online again until you reformat it.  Or use a hardware wallet, which is basically an always-offline low-power computer that stores a seed and does signing.
@_date: 2019-06-29 03:34:24
We don't know, but we can figure out probabilities.  There are many reasons for leaving, of which "someone betrays satoshi" is one of them, thus must be considered.  Mere possibility of an alternative is not a fully generalized argument against anything you dislike.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:11:55
10% interest for 4 years is freaking cheap.  A friend of mine has a little loanshark side business loaning out small amounts (from a hundred dollars to at most a thousand dollars) and that's the interest they charge for a *month* (it actually compares well to BTC but there are practical limits to how much they can loan out, due to limited customer base as well as inherent risk of default that they really can't chase after legally --- it's an off-the-books business).  Granted, if you're getting it from an institution, well, it's still cheap.  Local institutions here charge 5%-&gt;10% for 1 year.
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:16:21
I was a zeronaire way before cryptocurrency \_|\_ you!  This is MY PROJECT!
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:54:17
A bit of an old topic, but I was thinking about this more the other day.
The protocol has the client connect to the server twice, once as an input provider and the second time as an output provider.
The only way the server can associate the input provider to an output provider is by giving each client a unique mixing round counter.
If the server is indeed doing this sybil attack, then it cannot identify which input provider is secretly this output provider, and thus it would have to enforce that each mixing round only contains one real user while the rest are fakes.
This would require that there be far more mixing rounds, or smaller mixing rounds, than what we observe currently.  It is also possible to detect this rather simply: run two or more Wasabi wallets in parallel, and mix coins with both wallets simultaneously.  If the mix rounds counter given to each wallet is different, then you know that the server is performing this attack.  This only requires an outlay of 0.1BTC * 4 or 5 (for 4 or 5 different parallel mix attempts) in order to detect, much smaller than the server has to keep around in order to perform the attack, so cost of detection/monitoring is much smaller than the actual cost of the attack. making this strongly incentive-incompatible.
This only leaves the "normal Sybil" attack, where a single entity runs multiple clients in an attempt to saturate each mixing round.
But note that this "normal Sybil" attack is not fixable even without a central server, unless you do something like require proof-of-work from each participant.
Fortunately, this "normal Sybil" is inherently competitive: if multiple would-be CoinJoin watchers want to do this, they will interfere with each other and the typical user gets reasonably-good privacy still.
Secondly, this "normal Sybil" is not something that only the server can do: any entity that is capable of running the client software is able to perform this sybil attack (and without proof-of-work it looks like this will remain true even if you take away the central server).
@_date: 2019-10-11 04:57:20
The most efficient way to "give back" is to do what you are already professionally trained to do in your day job.  So if that's Bitcoin-related, or can help Bitcoin directly, then do that.  Otherwise you are better off doing an hour of overtime in your actual job and donating that to people who *are* doing this normally as a job, in payment for such a thing.


What is your normal day job?  Are you an advertising designer?  Public relations?  Then maybe you can think up some nice slogans.  But if not, you are better off doing what *you* are good at, getting paid for it, and donating to someone who *is*.
Look up [Ricado's Comparative Advantage](  The Wikipedia article is stupid dense, but a TLDR is basically: you get better results if the baker bakes and the fisher fishes, you get worse results if the fisher bakes and the baker fishes.
Do you want to give back most efficiently or not?  Is your post **Serious** or not?
@_date: 2017-11-28 10:17:21
Litecoin is called Litecoin.  It's not called Bitcoin Lite.
@_date: 2019-06-27 09:19:07
Lightning is in no way centralized.  The point is that you can always open channels directly to those you usually pay to, skipping middlemen --- the middlemen are there only when your direct channels have been exhausted, or when you need to pay to a random one-off purchase or donation.
@_date: 2019-06-11 04:29:47
If nodes updated simultaneously they would cross-check each other's buggy integrity.
Fortunately, nodes don't update simultaneously, the update path was deliberately removed some years ago.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:40:31
For lesser technologies like Moonbeam or Yours payment channels, yes. Lightning uses onion routing however so it is not possible to know who the ultimate source and ultimate destination are.
@_date: 2017-11-24 04:45:15
Hmm, this is gonna be a long post then....
I presume most of your knowledge is primarily from the original Bitcoin whitepaper, as well as very simple extrapolations from that whitepaper often described as "Satoshi's Vision".
I would like to point out that the whitepaper is at this point obsolete and that Bitcoin has evolved in ways that the whitepaper never described.  In fact, the very first released version of Bitcoin includes some things that were never in the whitepaper (I put a few of these at the end as they are interesting of themselves but are not actually relevant to the question you asked).
A fullnode is a miner with 0 hashpower.
Now you might ask, what would the point of a 0 hashpower miner be?  It doesn't increase the security of the system, does it?  After all, it has no hashpower to protect the blockchain from reorg attacks!
But miners don't just build the blockchain with hashpower.  They also verify the blockchain.  If it receives an invalid transaction, it doesn't propagate it, so the transaction doesn't waste any more network resources, and the transaction doesn't accidentally fool SPV nodes.  If it receives an invalid block, same thing: it just drops that block.
So a miner with 0 hashpower, aka a fullnode, does help with something: it helps ensure that SPV nodes do not receive invalid transactions and blocks.  The safety of SPV nodes is dependent on the existence of there being many miners ---- including miners with 0 hashpower (fullnodes).
If an SPV node is able to see only two or three miners with significant hashpower, they can collude with each other to fool that SPV node.  They can create an invalid chain where the block reward is 10,000.00 BTC per block, show it to the SPV node, buy dollars or lambos or moonrockets from the SPV node owner, and then the SPV node is left holding a bunch of worthless tokens.
SPV nodes require fullnodes to protect them from miners with hashpower.  If an SPV node can connect to multiple fullnodes, it can at least detect that there is a conflict between some blocks coming from fullnodes and those coming from miners.  At the least, it is alerted to the fact that it should be cautious.
That is the point and purpose of fullnodes: to protect SPV nodes.  Without a healthy fullnode network, SPV nodes become vulnerable.
A world of miners-with-hashpower and SPV nodes only, is a world where miners with hashpower can fool arbitrary SPV nodes.  Remember, SPV nodes cannot verify the blockchain by themselves.  51% attacks on the network would not just reverse history (history reversal can be protected by requiring deep confirmations): a 51% attack on the network can change the rules, including ***how many Bitcoins the block subsidy is***.  Goodbye deflation, hello inflation, welcome back to the world where a few people control the supply of money.
With a healthy fullnode network, a 51% attack on the network can only reverse history, and as I mentioned, history reversal can be protected by requiring deep confirmations (use 12 confirmations instead of 6 etc) since a history reversal attack is costly.
A rule-change attack backed by 51% hashpower cannot be protected against, unless your node enforces the rules and rejects invalid blocks and transactions.  And if your node enforces the rules, then it *is* a fullnode.
(But you might say, you can always just check if the coinbase is not larger than 12.5 BTC.  But remember that the coinbase is the block subsidy plus fees.  If the coinbase is 10,000.00 BTC, it is plausible that the total fees for that block is 9,987.5 BTC in total.  How do you check that?  By downloading the entire block and verifying each and every transaction in it.  And if the blocks get too large for your little computer to handle?  Welcome the new boss, same as the old inflationary fiat boss.)
Big blocks risk centralization as fewer people run fullnodes when block sizes increase.  We can already measure this: block size increase tends to correlate with reduction in number of fullnodes.  It's the supreme effort of Core to optimize the Bitcoin daemon that keeps the fullnode numbers high (larger blocks overload weaker computers, which drop off the network when block sizes go up; fortunately the optimizations of recent Core versions let them come back online again when they upgrade).
Okay, I promised that I'd tell you a few things in the original Bitcoin For Windows that weren't in the whitepaper.
1.  Bitcoin SCRIPT.  SCRIPT is a simple programming language that is used to determine whether a transaction is allowed to spend an existing unspent transaction output.
2.  Beginnings of (surprise!) payment channel support, in the form of `nLockTime` and (buggy in the original!) `nSequence`.
Let me discuss them further:
1.  Bitcoin SCRIPT is not described in the whitepaper, but is an implementation of the "smart contracts" idea percolating among cypherpunks in the 90's and '00s.  Basically, release of funds is allowed based on the specified program.  Today, most SCRIPT programs are just "gimme the public key that matches this hash I have, okay now gimme a signature signed with that key" (what we call P2PKH or (in SegWit) P2WPKH).  If you fail to provide what the program wants, then you can't spend the money and your transaction is rejected.  Bitcoin SCRIPT had a lot of bugs in the early days, which indicates that yes, Satoshi added them to Bitcoin as a bit of an afterthought.
2.  `nLockTime` was supposed to provide an end time for a unidirectional payment channel.  The payer would put the funds in a 2-of-2 multisig and write a transaction with a future lock time to claim it (i.e. the entire funds goes back to the payer), then ask the payee to sign it, and then the transaction would be broadcast.  Since the claim transaction had a future lock time, it could not be added to the blocks, but were left in the mempool (note that in modern Bitcoin, transactions with future lock times are evicted from the mempool; this was not done in the original Bitcoin).  The claim transaction would have a `nSequence` of 0.  For the payer to pay, it would create a new claim transaction with a higher `nSequence`, and which would split the funds so that more of it would go to the payee.  The higher `nSequence` would be considered the latest version.  Unfortunately it was unsafe due to transaction malleability and the possibility of the payer colluding with a miner to mine the non-latest version (i.e `nSequence` violation), but with further development of this idea (and a malleability fix) we now have safe bidirectional Poon-Dryja payment channels.
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:42:45


No.  Mining is tied very intimately to the rules of Physics.
In Physics, practically any interaction is reversible in the time dimension.  Take a ball into an gravityless vacuum and bounce it on a wall.  Record the bounce on a video.  Run it backwards.  Both the "forwards" and "backwards" run of the video will look plausible, because most Physical interactions is reversible in time.
There **is** an exception to that observation.  Take a vase and drop it.  Record the video and run it backwards.  Now you have the eldritch video of a vase spontaneously assembling itself out of shards and rising up in the air.
Thus we know how time works: time is flows from "past" to "future" in the direction where more entropy exists.
Which is to say: the direction of the Arrow of Time is the direction where entropy increases.
We also know that the utilization of energy --- work --- is tied to an increase in entropy.  For you to do work, you need to take in food and drink, and excrete shit and piss.  Shit and piss is just food and drink that has been broken apart by your body to get at the tasty tasty nutrients, and thus shit and piss represents entropy.  Thus the more work you have done, the more shit and piss you have excreted into the universe.
And the more entropy any mechanism has put into the universe, represents the amount of time the mechanism has been operational.
Thus, proof-of-work is a proof-of-time-going-forward.
So the chain with more proof-of-work is a chain which provably has been around longer, and thus represents more real Physical time passing.
You cannot replace proof-of-work because you need a proof-of-time-passing, and proof-of-work is the most efficient known such proof, because work increases entropy.
BTC requires a sense of time, so we can judge "this transaction spent the UTXO before that other transaction, so this transaction is valid and that other transaction is not valid."
BTC cannot function without miners.  Unless you are capable of breaking Physical laws, in which case never mind.
@_date: 2019-06-17 04:26:30
It doesn't work that way.  You need to first lock your funds into a UTXO that is signed (using a currently-supported signing algo) by a federation.  *Then* you can transfer ownership offchain.  But note that if the current signing algos are quantum-vulnerable, regardless of how much you transfer offchain, the onchain UTXO is still locked by the current quantum-vulnerable signing algos.
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:02:56
A paper wallet?
How smart is the printer?  Some printers have long-term storage built-in, which in theory a hacker can get a copy of your paper wallet printouts with their juicy private keys.  If it's a reasonably old model, probably safe.  Otherwise you might need to burn the printer for safety (or paranoia, haha).
Probably best to print several, actually.  Get a small amount of BTC you can afford to experiment with, put it into one paper wallet, fold it up and seal it with the adhesive you intend to actually use to seal it, keep it pressed in a book somewhere a few days, then open it up and sweep it, see if it works (and in particular that your adhesive will not force you to needlessly rip apart and possibly irretrievably damage the printed private key of the paper wallet to open it up).
Printing several is a hedge.  In case BTC goes up and you suddenly need to cash out a small amount (e.g. emergency medical operation) you are better off having to sweep a small-value paper wallet (that you can afford to somewhat lose if you make a mistake) than if you have to sweep your entire hodlings (and which you have to return to cold storage again -- so having some unused empty paper wallets in your safe is a good idea too).
Also, put paper wallets in ziploc bags.
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:33:56


I'm assuming by "dept" you mean deposit, i.e. money that is assigned to you on the channel (because otherwise your comment about counterparty stealing funds makes no sense, since if you have no money assigned to you on the channel, the counterparty has nothing to steal).
But keeping a channel with money assigned to you open means you will be able to spend it readily on the Lightning network.  So basically:
1.  If the channel is depleted (i.e. you don't have money on it, it's all assigned to your counterperty) then there is nothing to steal from you and you can keep it open indefinitely without worries.  You'd also want to keep it open because every open channel is an opportunity to earn routing funds.
2.  If the channel has some funds assigned to you then you want to keep the channel open so you can spend the funds on-Lightning quickly.


Technically for the counterparty to steal the funds he or she has to close it unilaterally with an old commitment transaction, so it gets closed.  What you then need to do within some time limit is to send a justice transaction that reassigns the counterparty's timelocked funds to you (a unilateral close timelocks the funds of the party who closes the channel, precisely so that the counterparty can send a justice transaction).  So as long as you don't get offline longer than the lock period, you can still get justice.
Lightning devs have been working on a protection system called "WatchTower", where you send a small amount of data to a third party who will be able to perform justice transactions on your behalf if you become offline.  However it didn't reach Lightning BOLT 1.0 and might not reach Lightning BOLT 1.1 either.  Last I heard, Bellare-Neven (often miscalled Schnorr) signatures will help reduce the data sent to a WatchTower service (this helps privacy), although I must admit I don't understand how.
@_date: 2019-06-20 03:51:40
On Lightning, once a payment is sent, you acquire a proof-of-payment.  In combination with the invoice you pay (the LN invoice is signed by the receiver, and commits to the proof-of-payment; the process of payment causes the proof-of-payment nonce to be revealed to the sender), it's proof you can present to a third-party, which is enough to convince any third party that the invoice was already paid and that the fault lies in the receiver.
Without proof-of-payment, a sender can fallaciously claim to have sent the money, and it would be the sender's word against the receiver's word.  With proof-of-payment, enough data is revealed by the receiver for the receiver to be unable to deny having been paid (modulo hacking).
Does phonon have proof-of-payment?  Because if not, any dispute devolves down to "he-said-she-said" bullshitting.
@_date: 2019-06-26 04:16:49
Nobody can know the future, or whether there will be a dip or not.
You can spread your risk by splitting your savings and buying multiple times over a time period.
Cost averaging is a way to assuage your inner doubts by spreading your risk and giving you something to celebrate no matter what happens: if it goes up, then "yay what I already bought went up in value!"; if it goes down, then "yay my next buy will be cheaper!".
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:04:40


You probably shouldn't have started by posting your intent on reddit using an account that reveals you are a male college student who is uncomfortable changing PE uniforms in front of the other guys and that your dad got into family business squabbles with your uncle and grandfather, and so on.
Kudos if that's just a cover though.
@_date: 2019-06-13 08:16:09
Do they actually buy or sell Bitcoins or is that just some cute name?
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:40:56
Kids in my country used to do that, keeping spiders as pets in matchboxes and then competing them in deathfights. Don't remember if betting was involved, mostly remember it was bragging rights.
@_date: 2017-11-28 10:40:07
Well in any case I hope you stick around to learn the tech and what we're working to make the tech better.
Bitcoin basically involves sending transactions to everyone who wants to participate in the network.  Then approximately once every 10 minutes (with a lot of variance!) one random node on the network is selected to  create a new "block", which contains some of the recent transactions, to be confirmed as part of the history of the transactions.  That block of transactions is then transmitted back (in these days, in a compacted form called Compact Blocks) to everyone else.  The node selected to create a new block also wins an amount of coins (the block subsidy) and the transaction fees of all the transactions in that block.
To join the lottery that selects a winner, however, nodes need to put computational power.  In fact the lottery works by solving a difficult mathematical problem, and nodes that want to join the lottery need to expend computational resources guessing the answer to that problem.  This is a process called mining.  Nodes that dedicate some computational power (and these days, we're talking specialized devices that exist just to solve that mathematical problem called "SHA256d") are called miners, while nodes that can't afford to dedicate computational power are called fullnodes (they are "fullnodes" because, even if they don't mine blocks, they still fully verify that all the rules of the blockchain are followed; the most important rule for Bitcoin is the coin issuance rule, which imposes a strict limit on the number of coins created).
Now the block sizes and the block rate are carefully balanced in Bitcoin.  On Ethereum, however, the block sizes and block rate are extremely high.  In fact, it is so high on Ethereum that there are very few actual nodes that perform full verification of the blockchain.
Nodes that don't perform full verification are called SPV nodes.  SPV stands for Simple Payment Verification.  SPV nodes simply verify that transactions they receive and send have been confirmed in a block that has been buried deeply enough.  However, they do not perform full verification of blockchain rules (importantly, they don't verify the coin issuance rule).
In a world where there are few nodes that can perform full verification, miners can perform a miner-activated hardfork where the rules are changed, including the coin issuance rule.  This is because fullnodes are few enough that they cannot filter out unwanted changes to the ruleset, and SPV clients will simply follow the miner blockchain without being aware that rules have been changed.
In Bitcoin, because we impose the blocksize limit and the block rate, fullnodes are plentiful and prevent SPV clients from following miner blockchains that attempt to hardfork.  Hence, this is the reason why Bcash has spun off into its own world, rather than fooling SPV clients into following their rules.
Ethereum hardforks regularly, and it is well known who the designer is and where he lives and most likely the Russian government knows who to torture to get him to do anything to Ethereum.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:55:15
China does 0.04USD/kWh leading to a much higher return on investment for them than you, allowing them to pull more money to buy even more miners in the 4 months you're still waiting to recoup your expense, raising the difficulty and slowing down your profitability even more.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:35:57


As a senior C++ dev at work, I'd accept ignorance of this from a freshman dev, but at intermediate I expect every member variable to be initialized explicitly (even if the dev doesn't know the details, he or she should at least assume that anything not explicitly constructed would be indeterminate) and at advanced level I expect this little detail to be known by heart by the dev.
And I wouldn't accept anything less than advanced level for consensus and mining code in Bitcoin, those two parts are the two pillars of protection of the Bitcoin store-of-value.  Fuck I'd still be wary of advanced-level devs doing this!
@_date: 2019-06-22 01:07:15
Many wallets suck when it's fee related. Either they overestimate fees or they don't support RBF or CPFP, or both.
Next time use Electrum so you can RBF and CPFP.
@_date: 2019-10-20 03:47:20


How is this ensured?  Do we simply assume that they are not colluding?
What number of nodes, at minimum, must collude in order to recover the private key?  If I sybil that number of nodes onto this network, will I then be able to self-collude and steal the funds of some person?
Have you considered the Somsen mechanism ("statechains") instead?  That is just as trust-requiring, but again still requires some key which, if lost, leads to loss of fund control and dependence on the selected federation to recover.
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:38:30
Sorry, I read the specs myself to understand them, so I don't know of anything that is non-technical and recent.


I know of no good reason to arbitrarily close channels.  The only reason you'd want to close channels is if you need the money on-chain, or the counterparty is consistently down.  Paranoia, maybe?


You don't need to refinance at all, if your fiat-&gt;BTC exchange supports sending to Lightning, or you get (part of) your salary as BTC on Lightning.  Then your existing channels get rebalanced in your favor and you can reuse existing channels.
There's plans for a refinancing transaction which requires only one transaction, and not a close and a new open transaction.  Not only is this half the transactions, but it's also faster: normally you need to wait for confirmations of an opening transaction (so if you close+open, the channel is unusable until the open transaction is confirmed with sufficient depth), but this refinancing transaction doesn't need to wait to be confirmed, it just needs to be on the mempool up to when the final closing transaction gets broadcast (basically you only need to wait for the anchoring transaction, every transaction on top of that can be "weakly on-chain" and unconfirmed, as long as you keep rebroadcasting it when it drops out of the mempool).  Unfortunately this did not reach Lightning BOLT 1.0 spec, so it'll be a later enhancement.


You're computing it as if you're the only one who should pay the on-chain fees.  But each channel is shared-ownership.  So the fees should be shared between both of you on the channel, so you should halve your on-fee computation.


Assuming a mesh network, bias doesn't matter (and is unlikely to arise).  If you're connected directly to Alice and Bob, in a mesh network it is likely that Alice and Bob are indirectly linked elsewhere.  So if Alice is always sending many tiny amounts of Bob, and you're the shortest route between them (but there are longer routes between Alice and Bob, which they don't use because they're unnecessarily long), then Alice channel gets balanced in your favor while the Bob channel is balanced in Bob's favor.  If you then need to pay to Bob, then both Alice and you will take one of the longer routes from Alice to Bob rather than through the you&lt;-&gt;Bob channel.  That will now increase Lightning fees, but unless those longer-route fees reach the level of on-chain fees, then you have no incentive to refinance the you&lt;-&gt;Bob channel, so you won't even bother to go take up blockspace to change it.
If Lightning settles to a hub-and-spoke, though, it would absolutely suck and you can expect on-Lightning fees to approach on-chain fees.  The protocol itself has no "hub" and no "spoke", everything is a node.
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:12:06
The guy who said that got killed by a priestess of the god of death, you know.
@_date: 2017-11-19 00:37:49


Economic power trumps everything in the long run.  This is more than enough.
@_date: 2017-11-25 02:23:09
Upper layers can utilize sub satoshi amounts without hardforking the Bitcoin layer. Lightning uses millisatoshi for example, and it would be possible for a protocol extension to use even smaller units. Lightning currently just rounds down when committing to the blockchain.
It would be possible to make anything that would require a hardfork into a softfork by use of a generalized extension block technique, similar to how SegWit moved witness data to what is effectively an extension block.
@_date: 2019-06-19 03:59:16
C-lightning's builtin onchain wallet sorts in a [deterministic order]( which results in similar behavior.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:42:38
But people working for Honda's competitors are almost likely to ***not*** buy a Honda.  And in a particular industry, there are more employees that are **not** hired by Honda than those that **are**.  Same with countries etc etc.  There's enough anti-US feeling elsewhere that any USA-backed currency is not going to be used in many places (Russia, China, maybe India, Pakistan, possibly some portion of Japanese citizenry (Japanese are slightly xenophobic on average, even though their government is largely pro-USA), etc. etc.), for example.  Unless you get all of USA and Russia and China to agree to a single new currency --- which is unilkely given their various politics.
@_date: 2019-06-18 02:21:42
He dropped a /s.
@_date: 2019-06-11 04:47:42
I secretly develop a Lightning implementation in my spare time.
@_date: 2019-06-17 09:15:29
This totally ignores how technology works.
Some examples:
1.  Multics was a very well-designed multi-user operating system.  Unix (originally Unics as a pun on Multics) was a not-so-well-designed multi-user operating system.  For example, the "PC-losering problem", where a system call is interrupted by a higher-priority task, which could cause the system call currently executing to fail.  The proper Multics solution was to carefully write system calls so that they automatically recover in case of PC-losering.  The lousy Unix solution was to require that user applications detect if the system call failed due to an interrupt (`EINTR`) and restart the system call, in user application code.  Today, Multics is simply another entry in the history of operating systems, but Unix-derivatives (Linux, BSDs, and modern MacOS (via BSDs)) run the Internet world nowadays.  Today, libraries exist to hide this `EINTR` PC-losering problem, and modern scripting languages automatically implement mitigations against `EINTR`.
2.  Lisp was a pretty good high-level language for its day: garbage collection, symbolic human-readable (and execution-efficient!) atoms, metaprogramming, provable Turing-completeness (i.e. trivial to write an interpreter of itself).  C was a lousy language only slightly higher-level than raw assembly.  Today, C (and its derivative C++) is the lingua franca of most of the code running on your computer right now.  Lisp is simply another entry in the history of programming languages.  Today, libraries exist to provide garbage collection and metaprogramming to C and C++.
3.  Flash was a powerful platform for highly-interactive web experiences.  The actual Web stack of that time was a horrible mishmash of competing platforms, whose only advantage was loading quickly because it did just the most basic displaying of text.  Today, a Flash website is an embarassment; the Web stack is the de facto web standard.  Today, the web stack provides more hooks for sound, 3D rendering, game controllers etc. than Flash does.
Really, it's quite clear: what wins are tiny little things that are easy to implement.  Because it's easy to implement, it gets more developers behind it.  Because there's more developers behind it, more actual development and improvements accrue to the simpler, less featureful, more lousier thing.
Until one day the "simpler, less featureful, more lousier thing" is eating the lunch of the supposedly-superior thing, because it has advanced enough to surpass the supposedly-superior thing.
Bitcoin will win because it has more Core developers than every other altcoin.  In many cases, the developers of 4 or 5 altcoins, in total, only equal the number of Core developers with maintainer rights.
That is why I am a Bitcoin maximalist.  The fundamentals of cryptocurrencies is easy at this stage: just count the number of developers.
@_date: 2019-06-18 04:35:18
Ease-of-use is about adding more complications on top of simple things so that it ***appears*** simple to use for users.  Do you honestly think Reddit is simple?  It has a CDN to serve images, multiple database shards to handle large numbers of post, load-balancing servers to distribute HTTP requests to multiple webservers --- yet it's easy to use that you use it every day, right?
Complicated makes things easy to use.  An automatic transmission is strictly more complicated than a manual stickshift, yet which is easier to use?
Anyway ---
The blockchain has a massive bandwidth problem.  Every transaction in every block  has to be processed and validated by every fullnode, and ideally every user of Bitcoin should run his or her own fullnode so that he or she can guarantee the validity of the money he or she uses.
Because of the sheer expense of sending *every* blockchain transaction to *every* node, onchain transactions are expensive.
(No, lifting a blocksize limit does not make transactions less expensive (in the long run), it just means fewer people run fullnodes, reducing the security of the network overall)
Now suppose two people were to pool their money together into a single UTXO (unspent transaction output).  By using a particular protocol (called Poon-Dryja), they can set it up so that at any time, they can reclaim their money onchain (the shared UTXO is spent by a transaction which splits up the money according to their proper ownership).  At the same time, using the Poon-Dryja mechanism, they are able to update the state so as to be able to "move" the division of money between them.
For example, suppose I initially put 0.5BTC in and you put 0.1 BTC in.  So after that, if one of us wants to reclaim the funds, the 0.6BTC UTXO is split up by a transaction into a 0.5BTC UTXO I control and a 0.1BTC UTXO you control.  Then I say "I want to pay you 0.025 BTC for some service" and we use the Poon-Dryja protocol so that if one of us wants to split the UTXO, it ends up that the split is now 0.475BTC going to me and 0.125 BTC going to you.
Since this movement of money between the two of us is done completely offchain, without any onchain activity, we don't need to pay any onchain fees.  It does have the massive disadvantage that we can only transact between the two of us.
But wait!  Have you heard of cross-chain atomic swaps?  As it happens, we can use the exact same mechanism to perform cross-Poon-Dryja-mechanism atomic swaps --- it's not limited to *just* blockchains (because honestly, blockchains are boring).  So suppose you have a friend, let's say , and you also have one of these Poon-Dryja mechanisms with him.  Now I don't have a direct Poon-Dryja mechanism with , but I know that *you* do.  So suppose I want to pay for his LN book-writing services.  I arrange a cross-Poon-Dryja-mechanism atomic swap, so that I pay you 0.0101 BTC, if you will give 0.01 BTC to (the 0.0001 is the "forwarding fee" I offer to you so that you will go through the trouble of actually doing this).  The atomic swap means either all the transfers go through, or none of them goes through.
And the cross-Poon-Dryja-mechanism atomic swap is extensible --- it can go through any number of hops (though longer sequences are less likely to complete, since any participant that happens to be offline at the time will stop the atomic swap from occurring).  Thus we are able to "route" payments, over a network constructed out of Poon-Dryja mechanisms ("payment channels").
Thus, we can leverage this ability to transfer money between a fixed set of two people, and using the cross-mechanism atomic swap we "promote" this ability to transfer money between every participant of a network of Poon-Dryja mechanism users.
And that is, in fact, the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2019-06-20 03:54:48
Phonon card can't be copied, so does this mean there is no way to back up your funds?  Damage of phonon card == loss of funds?  C-lightning is introducing hooks that allows channel state to be backed up dynamically, lnd has static channel backups which can recover channel backups if the counterparties haven't fudged with their software.
@_date: 2019-06-12 01:12:39


*rolleyes* such as?
@_date: 2019-06-17 08:32:47
Precisely; it is irrelevant since if the other Lightning users are self-serving, they will be doing the right thing (i.e. not sign states that make them lose money, not steal because you might be watching/have a watchtower).  Statechains require that the federation is audited, and the federation being self-serving would be more interested in actively stealing coins.  Blinding the federation helps reduce, but not eliminate, this risk.
@_date: 2017-11-26 11:30:31
Quite correct. Fortunately things like  Lightning  Network, TumbleBit, CoinSwap etc make the history of coins less certain. By tainting a large set of coins, everything is tainted and we get fungibility again.
@_date: 2019-06-28 04:27:30
Is a single person going to own that amount? That seems unlikely.  More likely that represents the wealth of a family or corporation.  In that case you probably want a multisignature wallet, with multiple individuals needing to coordinate in order to actually make any spends.
@_date: 2019-06-15 04:24:13
The "token" is more of a "service ticket" than an actual token. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:02:23
1, true true.
2, it would now be *more* possible, theoretically, for them libertarians to go off and make their free-market no-government utopia/dystopia, since at least one function of government, the issuance of monetary tokens, can now be done without a government.  Dunno what other problems them libertarians still face though.
3, yes, that's the point.  Let failing governments collapse quickly so we can rebuild better already rather than delaying the inevitable by letting the government print more money to prop themselves up.  In a market crisis like that, skills and actual owned things don't disappear into thin air but tend to be retained anyway, but if there is an extended crisis then skills and objects will decay, making it harder to rebuild afterwards.
4, yes.  That's why we fight for small blocks and sending transactions via non-Internet means and sending blocks via satellite.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:07:08
Off the top of my head, the biggest one is "Craig S. Wright == Satoshi Nakamoto".
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:08:47
For strangers, M=N.  The only comfortable N is 2, but you specifcy greater than 2, so I'm going with 3.  The problem is sybilling, you don't know if two random strangers are different people or if one of them is secretly a pawn of the other or etc etc
For friends, M&gt;N/2 for any N.
@_date: 2019-06-29 10:36:38
It needs payment point + scalar, which also enables path decorrelation (i.e. intermediate nodes cannot identify that they are on the same path because there is no single scalar on the path, instead each forwarding has its own scalar tweaked by a number that is shared by the payer and payee only.  Indeed, the acknowledgment scalar is the sum of the blinding scalars of each hop.  So it has improved privacy.
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:01:02
Well, it's the magical things like that, which Ethereum was marketed for.  Because in boring old Bitcoin-land, you copy outright the multisig code (the lock) each time into a P2SH address, whereas in Ethereum, you could do the magic thingy where a single piece of code (the lock) gets magically shared between all users.  Except you have problems like the Parity case, where there is a single lock that is magically shared between all users, but deleting the original lock also destroys all the locks that were magically duplicated (basically, in Bitcoin you duplicate the lock non-magically by outright copying the code, in Ethereum you duplicate the lock magically by sharing the code but not the public key data; in Bitcoin each lock has a copy of the code, in Ethereum you don't have to do that (you could share code, which is what I explained as "magically duplicating" the lock); in Bitcoin you can't cancel (destroy) a contract, in Ethereum you can destroy contracts you own (the original lock was left unowned and anyone could pick it up/claim ownership, that's what was done: some random guy took ownership of the original contract containing the original locking code and cancelled the contract)).
So the benefit for using magic Parity mutisig wallets was to hype up Ethereum's "abilities" that Bitcoin doesn't have (for good reason).
Edit: For what it's worth, sharing the code rather than duplicating the code reduces the size of the data on the blockchain.  The question is whether the multisig code was so large that duplicating it was onerous or not.  Bitcoin's "standard" multisig contract just adds like 10 bytes on top of the public keys, and you need the public keys each time anyway, so you could argue that the cost of duplicating those 10 bytes is tiny compared to the 32-byte public keys that will be unique to each multsig lock anyway.
Edit: I don't know how popular Parity was, I'm a Bitcoiner.  All I know is that $300M worth of Ether was locked in Parity multisig wallets.  Not all Parity multisig wallets are affected, only those made after a certain date.  Only multisig wallets are affected, singlesig ones are not.  So the quote $300M is just a fraction of Ether owned by Parity wallet owners.
@_date: 2019-06-17 04:49:38
@_date: 2019-06-11 13:44:47
Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") does not improve the need to be online.  It has the same "let's wait some blocks to see if a newer state is broadcast" thing --- what do you think is capable of broadcasting a newer state other than the other participant in the channel (or any watchtowers they delegate the watching to)?
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:58:19
You don't need to, as said.
If you want to be able to watch your funds and receive money into it periodically (for example if you're fiat-cost-averaging into your hodlings) you can install Electrum, set it up to bind to the Trezor, connect the Trezor once while setting up the Electrum wallet, then afterwards you can disconnect the Trezor forever until you need to spend your funds.  You'll be able to get new receive addresses using Electrum (this improves your privacy if you're doing fiat-cost-averaging) even with the Trezor disconnected, and you'll also be able to watch your Bitcoins while petting your cat and saying "my pretties...."
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:33:22
"Trillions" of possible addresses?
A trillion is like just 1,000,000,000,000 right?
For reference, the actual number of P2PKH addresses is: 1,461,501,637,330,902,918,203,684,832,716,283,019,655,932,542,976.
Saying "trillions" is not anywhere ***near*** the number of possible addresses.
Even if you had a trillion people making a trillion addresses each, you will not even reach a trillionth of the search space to collide.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:25:13
Fees are supposedly global, so in principle the wallet software/type etc. doesn't matter.  In practice fee estimates of almost all wallet implementations are too high.  Select a wallet that lets you set custom fees and RBF (replace-by-fee): start with a low fee rate and bump it up over time (I should prolly work on a wallet that does that).
If on Mac, consider using Electrum, with a watch-only wallet on your computer (which has no private keys), so you can keep an eye on your money.  Keep the seed words (Electrum, and practically every wallet, will provide seed words when you first set up a wallet) on paper.  Then regenerate the standard wallet each time you need to spend.  Or keep the standard wallet on a USB flash drive, as you mentioned (but always have a paper backup of the seed words stored somewhere).  At least with a watch-only wallet on the computer, you can move funds from an exchange to your wallet without exposing your private keys to the computer, reducing your attackable area.
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:09:33
Or maybe spend the funds on mosquito netting in Africa, and save a few ten thousand kids who would have died of malaria, and one of them grows up into a brilliant scientist who unlocks the secret of faster-than-light travel and saves humanity from ourselves.
The valid logic is not to make up a potential story to  appease your conscience, the valid logic is to weigh the benefits and costs.  Mosquito nets are less than 10 USD each, 300,000 USD will buy 30,000.  Granted getting them to those who need it will have additional cost so maybe 20,000 nets.  A net can cover more than one child, it can cover an entire family.  The benefit is that people will live.  Now compare that to this planned super bowl advertisement.  How many lives will that save?
@_date: 2019-06-17 08:45:40
The statechain federation signer is a direct signatory of the onchain UTXO.  To be more precise: the federation has an m-of-n public key, which is then put in a 2-of-2 with a "common" key that all participants *inside* the statechain (i.e. all past and present users of that statechain) know.  This can be done with a cooperative setup of the m-of-n federation signers, then a MuSig of the m-of-n federation key with the "common" key (Statechains require Schnorr, it even uses Schnorr blinded signing, which is known to have a 64-bit attack via Wagner's attack, whatever that means --- I'm not enough of a cryptographer to know what the hell that means).  In pre-taproot SCRIPT terms: `&lt;m&gt; &lt;fedPubKey&gt; ... &lt;n&gt; OP_CHECKMULTISIGVERIFY &lt;commonPubKey&gt; OP_CHECKSIG`
Thus a quorum of m federation signers, together with a single user of the statechain (which could be a planted user, i.e. a sybil of one of the stealing federation signers), can steal the coin outright, with no ability to remand the stolen funds.  This is because the Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") construction used is *inside* the federation signers, not outside it, thus the federation signers can sign a transaction that completely ignores the Decker-Russell-Osuntokun construction and just directly assigns the money to the federation.
@_date: 2019-06-13 00:52:07
What's next after LN is channel factories, and (maybe) statechains (which might work to allow "extensible-participant-set factories" as opposed to "fixed-participant-set factories", at the cost of trusting updates of channel structure within the factory to a (participant-selected) federation, and trusting that new participants you introduce to the factory do not collude with the federation).  There's still a bit of blueprint out there that isn't being built yet, and it seems likely to me that Lightning is still going to be the focus of every further scaling technique.
@_date: 2017-11-16 07:16:23
L2/L3 paper won't affect timing as LN will not be delayed to deploy the necessary change (heck channel splicing isn't in BOLT 1.0, it's delayed for BOLT 1.1).  Heck the L2/L3 paper explains how to do it with `nSequence`-based limited-lifetime channels, not Poon-Dryja infinite-lifetime channels that Lightning uses (it does claim that it should be extensible to the Poon-Dryja style, though, they just haven't gotten around to fleshing it out).  There will still be more work to be done on top of the L2/L3 paper before LN can be migrated to layer 3.  For now, LN will be developed at L2.  Supposedly it should be possible for LN to remain partially at L2 while bits of it individually migrate to L3, as well as some L3 channels that get forced back to L2 at some point.
"very very close" is not something I've heard from LN devs before, so maybe less than six months for beta-level mainnet software?
@_date: 2019-06-13 08:03:10
Note that channel factories within statechains still require participation of all participants of the factory, in order to handle updates on channel structure within the factory.  This is different from updates of state inside channels, which requires only the channel participants.  Take note of the `userPubKey` in statechains, for factories it is a Schnorr MuSig n-of-n of all factory participants.
What statechains buys you is the ability to dynamically add and remove participants from the factory level, which "normal" channel factories cannot do.  It buys you that at the cost of some small trust in a separate federation selected by the initial participants of the factory.  If one of the participants of the factory colludes with a voting quorum of the federation, they can outright steal the money inside the statechain (so adding new participants is something of a risk: you'd have to vet that they are unaffiliated with any of the federation members).
Pulling onchain money into and out of the factory still requires onchain activity (and coordination of all current participants).  So adding a new participant is useful for onboarding them with a Lightning channel *towards* the new participant, but if the new participant has some onchain funds they want to add to the Lightning network you're better off splicing in, which is an onchain operation and which can also incidentally be done by non-statechain-based factories (anything you have to do onchain, can be done onchain by any updateable system) without placing even a small amount of trust in a federation.
In any case, I think Lightning is the future of scaling Bitcoin and we should encourage developments for and within Lightning.  I don't quite think that statechains is trustless enough, but I could be wrong here.
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:34:56
Yeah it could be a female scientist which studies animal penises and happens to have a dissected elephant penis she's studying right now.
@_date: 2019-06-26 03:38:27
Because too many people are in this to get rich.  You know, putting some tiny amount in an exchange and chanting "up up up up", instead of doing something like actually developing services on top of Bitcoin.
I mean look at , he's just chilling and [taking photos of his pet fox]( while waiting for the price memes to blow over.
@_date: 2019-06-11 12:19:17
All Lightning states are valid Bitcoin transactions.  Further, "offchain" is just another word for "0-conf".  An offchain transaction is a transaction you don't put onchain, i.e. is not confirmed onchain, i.e. 0-conf.
So: 0-conf is unsafe because it's always possible to replace the transaction with a different transaction.
So why are offchain techniques like Lightning considered "safe", yet 0-conf (in general) is generally considered "unsafe"?
You have to realize *what* makes 0-conf unsafe, instead of just saying "0-conf is unsafe, LOLzors at those Bcashers!!".
0-conf is ***usually*** unsafe because any transaction that has not been committed to the blockchain is replaceable with another transaction from the same signatories.
There is an exception to the above unsafety: if you are one of the signatories to the transaction, and the transaction pays to yourself, you are not going to sign a new version of the same transaction (spending the same inputs) unless you are going to get more or the same amount of funds in the new transaction.  At least, if you like money.
This is the first safety that Lightning buys.  Every channel is only between the two participants of the channel.  And the channel only pays out to those two participants.  Finally, each channel is backed by a UTXO that requires the signature of *both* participants.  This means that every update is going to require the agreement of both participants.  If one participant thinks it's going to get the bad end of the deal, it simply won't sign.
Now, consider that between two unconfirmed (i.e. offchain) Bitcoin transactions, there is nothing which *inherently* says one is "more correct" than the other.
So if you accept a new state proposed by the other participant in the channel (i.e. the other participants offers some money to you to forward to another participant on another channel), you still have to contend with the fact that the older version of the transaction can still be broadcast any time.
The second safety Lightning provides is to make every transaction "revocable".  This is done by using a special SCRIPT on every output: that SCRIPT says "either the revocation secret is used to sign, OR, after N blocks this transaction appears onchain, the owner of this output can recover it".
Now, when we create a new version of the transaction, we also provide (part of) the revocation secret to the old version of the state.  This lets the old version of the state to be revoked by the other participant, if the older state is broadcast.
All known payment channel mechanisms (Spillman, Decker-Wattenhofer, Poon-Dryja (what Lightning uses now), Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo")) require some time-sensitive component.  If you're not online during this time-sensitive period, you can lose money.  There's no real way to avoid this without using the blockchain directly (and that's because the miners effectively "sign" each block with their proof-of-work, giving a single history --- the issue of old state is avoided onchain because there is only one possible history, but offchain you need to have consensus among participants, backed by some onchain SCRIPT that ensures that invalidated states can be invalidated onchain).
@_date: 2019-06-17 07:01:37
Yes, I believe ZmnSCPxj is indeed arguing for small N-of-N federations.


Suppose we are two participants.  I don't trust you.  I elect myself and one of *my* trusted entity.  You elect yourself and one of *your* trusted entities.  We create a 3-of-4 federation, so that even if you or me is offline, assuming our trusted entities are permanently online, we can still operate the federation.
If we want to have m-of-n federations where m = n - k, then we can have each participant elect k + 1 members to the federation.


Trade can be done across cryptocurrency systems by use of HTLCs (or Scriptless Script equivalents).  The Statechain mechanism is just another cryptocurrency system.  If I want to trade money from one statechain I trust to another statechain you trust, we just need to find a participant common to both statechains that will accept an HTLC (or SS equivalent).  You know: LN routing.
(That's why I think LN is the future of scaling, and no scaling solution will be worth the effort to implement unless it actually works well with LN)
In any case, a single central federation is a single point-of-failure, and multiple participant-selected federations are more resilient, at least to my thinking.
@_date: 2019-06-17 09:56:11
Only the consensus on what transactions happened.
The consensus on what transactions and blocks are valid, however, is controlled solely by the economic majority, i.e. hodlers.  This is because miners are paid by hodlers via the block subsidy that inflates Bitcoin supply.  The miners can only decide what transactions happened on the chain, and they are very strongly incentivized to follow the highest-paying transactions.  But the rest of the economy declares whether the transactions and blocks confirmed by miners are valid or not, and if they judge some miner's work as invalid, that miner has just spent energy and earned zilch.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:17:58
And if you margin short it, it will become the global reserve currency and totally displace all other currencies.... GUYS THIS GUY CAN TRIGGER HYPERBITCOINIZATION LETS TROLL HIM UNTIL HE MARGIN SHORTS!
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:30:39
Why good for you.  I can maybe tolerably watch a 240p movie with pauses every dozen minutes myself.  Technology still refuses to be magic, 4k movie streams continue to be centralized server-client affairs, and people will continue to focus on ***the wrong thing***.
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:25:37
Before LN, that was the scaling model that was being planned (i.e. lots of centralized payment processors that would let you settle back to the chain, but provide feeless transfers to within the payment processor and its affiliates; you would "trust" centralized payment processors based on their reputation and brand).
When LN was conceptualized, it was realized that LN would provide something similar, but with a lot less trust necessary in payment processors.  In addition, it would be easier to become a payment processor yourself (no need to earn anyone's trust, you just run LN node).  Thus some early discussions on LN had holdovers from the old "lots of sem-big off-chain banks" model.  This confused (and to this day continues to confuse) some bigblockers who think that LN is "lots of semi-big off-chain banks, but with SegWit!", when it is something nearer to "everyone is a little bank that doesn't need to be trusted by anyone else and you can do atomic cross-bank swaps".
(actually the original original scaling model was SPV and payment channels.  It's just that Satoshi thought fraud proofs would be easier (they're so hard the only existing fraud proof that doesn't require a trusted setup is a proof-of-too-large-block), and he fumbled with the incrementing `nSequence` thing (which was intended for bidirectional payment channels (increment `nSequence` to inform miners of a later version of a closing transaction, set to `0xFFFFFFFF`to finalize transaction), but there were no consensus rules that enforced the `nSequence` to be mined, so miners would just get the transaction version that gave the most in fees; today `nSequence` has been reworked to a relative timelock and a decrementing `nSequence` can today be used for bidirectional payment channels). so one can say that LN is a version of the original payment channels idea by Satoshi that ***actually works***, not the half-assed code he wrote for Bitcoin 0.1 for Windows. Satoshi was smart but he was not infinitely smart)
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:59:56


Yes, but that malicious miner would have to be able to overpower the rest of the world.
The idea is that nobody can get so much hashpower that they would be able to beat the rest of the world.  If some individual can, they'd be also be able to sell that much hashpower in exchange for, say, guns and bombs to wage war on the rest of the world.
So basically, that can only happen either if (1) nobody is using Bitcoin (true 6 to 8 years ago, but no longer true today) and nobody is bothering to put any computing power on it or (2) the entity with that much power can probably just sell that power in exchange for real things that can be leveraged to take over the world physically anyway (i.e. you'd be doomed anyway).
If some miner has a lot of hashpower but not enough to 51% attack the network, they could try to disrupt it and earn no money from doing so, or they can cooperate with it and earn money.  The latter is more lucrative.  So if a bunch of people with less than 51% hashpower individually, but with &gt;51% hashpower collectively, decide to cooperate, then they can cooperatively compete against a disrupting high-hashpower (but &lt;51%) malicious miner.
Or in other words: everything has a cost.  In order to get the "very very very high computing power" you speak of, what did your malicious/hacker miner pay?  If he or she had bought guns instead, would they be able to take over the world?
Further, operating that hashpower has a cost: you need electricity to actually power your computing devices.  That is a cost on you.  You can recoup the cost by cooperating with everyone and keeping Bitcoin stable and getting paid for it, or you can accept that loss and disrupt the network.  At some point, you will run out of money to pay for electricity to power your awesome computing devices.  What do you do then?
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:25:16
It would require something very much like SegWit.  Which will of course never occur on that project.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:01:35
IM A SELF-MADE MULTIMILLIONAIRE \_|\_
BCASH BCASH BCASH
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:37:54
Yes, I probably am conflating them, I honestly know little about Schnorr.
The `f(x)` function is the multiplication/exponentiation of the generator curve `G` to the `x`, right? Or is it something else? How does the pubkey change to also require the secret `t`?
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:07:07
So many things are wrong in this world that I would not fault anyone prioritizing fixing some things over just letting some other things remain broken.
@_date: 2019-06-20 01:23:39
Speak the truth.
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:38:46
Yes, and because Blockstream likes SegWit and LN, they can't possibly be real scaling solutions! /s
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:59:21
MAST, yes soft fork.  "Activatable" means there's a voting bit for it and miners start voting to activate it early, or (under BIP9) on some predefined date.  So probably not activat***ed*** by year end, just activat***able***. (consider that SegWit was activatable about a year ago but was only activated August 1 this year).
MimbleWimble can combine transactions because of its Pederson commitments.  Again, don't ask me how, as far as I know, it's magic.  Any two valid MimbleWimble transactions (that don't spend the same inputs) can be combined into a larger transaction, without requring that the people who made the individual transactions to be involved (i.e. non-interactive aggregation).  It's how it gets its privacy:  the block header doesn't commit to a Merkle tree of transactions, it commits to a single transaction (which is the combination of all transactions available at the time the block was made), whose inputs and outputs are lexicographically ordered in order to make it difficult to correlate whch inputs wen to which outputs.  In MimbleWimble mining fees are really an "anyone-can-spend" output which the miner spends: the transaction of the miner that claims the fees is combined with the single large transaction, so that the transaction committed to in the block has no "anyone-can-spend" outputs.
Bellare-Neven allows signatures to be combined, it's called signature aggregation.  It has to be interactive, because reasons I don't understand.  If we both have a single UTXO each that we want to spend, we can make two separate transactions and each of us has to pay for the block space of our separate signatures.  ***Or*** we can combine our transactions into a single large transaction and create a single transaction with a single signature, saving 64 witness bytes (equivalent to 16 legacy bytes --- yeah, not a large saving, but still a saving), and split the fee savings between us.  The more of us who coordinate to aggregate, the more bytes we can save and the more we can reduce fees, but this requires coordination and it becomes difficult to coordinate if we want to use RBF to fee-bump later.  MimbleWimble beats B-N here but it's a step in that direction --- at least signatures can now be aggregated, even if it has to be via an interactive protocol.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:02:19
@_date: 2019-06-13 07:45:17
I'd argue that supporting *some* Lightning-based project would be better.  My friend has an LN Book, for example.
However, for this post I'd like to specifically argue ***against*** any sidechain-based scaling project.
1.  We know that blockchains, which require decentralization in order to achieve security and censorship-resistance and some measure of Sybil-resistance at the network level, suck at scaling because of the tremendous amounts of data needed to coordinate the blockchain.
2.  Sidechains plan to scale blockchains.... by making ***more*** blockchains?  Good luck.
3.  Yes, I'm aware that economic nodes and miners can select only those sidechains that are of interest to them.  See point  above regarding "decentralization".
4.  If less than 100% of the  Bitcoin fullnodes are running the sidechain fullnodes, then the sidechain has strictly less security than the Bitcoin blockchain.
5.  If 100% of the Bitcoin fullnodes are running sidechain fullnodes and it is impractical to run a Bitcoin fullnode without running a sidechain fullnode, then the sidechain is a blocksize increase by another name (and possibly with code that is not as well-reviewed as Bitcoin Core is).
6.  Trading off security for convenience is a very dear price.  Note that cross-chain transfers are SPV on both sides: long reorgs of the other chain can cause an "approved" withdrawal of one chain to be invalidated, but one chain has already released the coin.  This causes all users of the sidechain grief.
7.  Compare the above point to Lightning, where the equivalent is to send old state while the counterprarty is offline: if the revocation window passes, the coin is released, but it affects only a ***single*** victim user, not all users of Lightning: i.e. it doesn't cause mass failure of the entire network.
8.  On Lightning, it's also possible to trustlessly and privately delegate revocation to a watchtower (which cannot steal funds and cannot know of your channel activity by the simple action of giving an encrypted blob to the watchtower that can only be decrypted if the old state actually appears onchain: the watchtower never knows which of your channels it is watching).
9.  The nearest equivalent of delegating watching of the network state in sidechains is delegating correctness of the sidechain to the miners and stakers who attest to the correctness of the sidechain.  This is problematic since the miners/stakers are precisely the ones who can most easily commit reorg attacks on the sidechain.
10.  Drivechains ties sidechain mining to mainchain mining, but it means that a failure in sidechains can only be fixed by a nuclear option of PoW change on the mainchain.  That's... not a good solution.  Consider that Lightning implementations today have many many bugs, but none of those bugs have a remote chance of crashing the whole frigging Bitcoin network, only specific channels on the Lightning network.  Even an attack on Lightning would not crash Bitcoin itself, just the channels of Lightning.
11.  Federated sidechains like Liquid and Rootstock are just "not your keys not your coins" custodial affairs.  Yes, Blockstream promises their Liquid hardware signing modules that they give to all federation members will work honestly.  You still can't be given their Verilog files or whatever because Trade Secret.
@_date: 2019-06-20 03:41:02


Mildly OT, but this really depends on how `SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT`/`SIGHASH_NOINPUT` shakes out.
If we use "chaperone signatures" or just support `SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT` without restrictions, then we don't need a trigger tx.  For chaperone signatures we need to use the Taproot script branch for chaperones.
If we use output tagging, we need to hide the output-tagged UTXO inside a trigger transaction, or else Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") channels are identifiable onchain (basically, any output-tagged UTXO would have a very high probability of using Decker-Russell-Osuntokun).
@_date: 2017-11-07 03:49:53
Turing-completeness and imperative programming is a liability.  It's the same liability that caused the TheDAO incident.  Be aware of the costs and ask yourself if the benefits outweigh it.
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:09:30
51% attacks are more viable when SPV clients are a lot more  common and fullnodes are rare and/or likely to be controlled by someone helping commit a 51% attack.
Since you know the "real" chain would hardfork back to the non-attack chain, you just make a completely invalid block that awards you with a very large block reward (pretend to have been paid a large fee) and mine it until SPV clients accept, then switch back to mine the valid chain.
SPV magnifies the payoff of a 51% attack, which is why we should really encourage running fullnodes.
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:17:36
I wouldn't say "never".  I'd say "requires more work than it looks like on the surface".
Consider the procedure below to generate a canonical ordering of transactions within a block from an unordered set of transactions purportedly in the block:
1.  Put transactions in an array O(n).
2.  Sort array according to transaction ID O(n log n).
3.  Scan array.  If a transaction refers to a UTXO that doesn't exist yet, look for the transaction later in the array, then insert the parent transaction before the current transaction and re-scan from the parent transaction O(n^2 ).
The problem here is the O(n^2 ), though.  Maybe it can be made to work.  Almost definitely it will work with MimbleWimble.
Edit: Another idea is to use transaction groups rather than transactions as the set members to transmit in IBLT and Bloom.  Mining software already organizes transactions according to CPFP groups anyway.  Then order according to hash of transaction group (transactions not in a CPFP group go into individual, single-member groups).
@_date: 2019-06-17 04:30:41
All it adds to LN is channel factories with dynamic membership set.
The problem with dynamic membership sets implemented with this mechanism is that under this mechanism, the federation can steal funds with the collusion of one participant (a participant added to the channel factory needs to be informed of the UTXO of the channel factory and the transaction used to distribute that UTXO, thus a single participant is enough to unblind the federation to what it is signing).
So if you dynamically add a new participant to the channel factory, you run the risk that the new participant is a secret agent of the federation which will collude with them and steal the channel factory's funds.
Note that these theft cannot be gainsaid by eltoo since the eltoo mechanism is running inside the federation-signature (or rather the federation+1user signature), so the federation signature takes precedence over the eltoo mechanism.
Channel factories with fixed membership sets are n-of-n and require the consensus of all participants to move fund allocations.  They also have most of the effect of channel factories inside statechains: the only thing they lose is the ability to add new members or remove existing members, and they also lose the vulnerability to the federation going rogue.
@_date: 2019-10-13 00:15:14
Custodial until it confirms or you send it though.
@_date: 2017-11-06 04:08:31




Script versioning only works for P2WSH and P2SH-P2WSH.  That means the output that is published on `scriptPubKey`is just a version number and the hash of the script.




Because of the SCRIPT execution cache used to speed up execution.  You'll have to ask gmax (nullc) directly about the details, sorry, I don't know enough about it, just that gmax objected to OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY based on this principle, and the SCRIPT execution cache was mentioned.


OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY checks the `nSequence` field of the transaction input.  A separate check determines if the `nSequence` fields of all transaction inputs makes the transaction valid or invalid.
The same principle is used by OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY --- it verifies `nLockTime`, not the actual time at which the SCRIPT was executed.


It won't.  Think about it.  I use OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY on the real chain to protect money I send to some abritrary person.  The same tx is now replayable on a hostile fork that reverts it to OP_NOP.  The money on the hostile chain is also sent to that person.
So if I was sending it to Coinbase, Coinbase receives both the realcoin and forkcoin.
Or are you thinking of some other use?  Perhaps you mean to *first* split coins using OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY, send an *invalid* version to the hostile hardfork net (which is rejected by the real net for invalidity), wait for hostile hardfork to confirm it, then have two separate UTXO's?  Is that what you intend to do?  If so, then I guess it would work.
Look up and ask him how you can help with OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY, his proposal is similar in purpose to yours I think and you should probably merge it with his instead of making your own.
@_date: 2019-06-18 09:56:22
Chaumian banks are even easier to integrate with *random thing* than colored coins, including Lightning/Bitcoin.
How many Bitcoin wallets do you know have support for colored coins sending and receiving?
Trezor? Electrum? Ledger?  Being on Bitcoin is not necessarily an advantage; depending on how the wallet software is structured, it might actually be harder to integrate a colored coin (which might have special annotations in the Bitcoin transactions that the normal software might not support easily without restructuring existing code extensively) than a Chaumian e-cash token (which you can integrate as "just another daemon" your wallet communicates with).
@_date: 2017-11-21 10:00:52
As a technology geek, I can tell you that Trezor uses parts that are available to anyone as commodity off-the-shelf components.  This is reassuring since the larger potential supply for the components makes it less likely that someone will sneak in deliberately broken chips to Trezor's supply chain.  If you don't trust Trezor's supply chain, you can actually build your own Trezor from commodity parts that you yourself sourced from sources you *do* trust --- the parts list, PCB design, and software(firmware) running on the Trezor are all open-source and can be gotten from Trezor's github and website.  In effect, Trezor open-sourced the hardware design and what you pay for is the convenience of not having to go source the chips yourself, source the PCB, and solder the things together.  Hobbyists have made their own Trezor that is indistinguishable from those made by Trezor manufacturer (except maybe quality of soldering LOL). 
Ledger uses a hardware security module specific to them, so I don't really know if I can trust the hardware security module.  The claim is that this is better protection for your keys since it is protected by hardware, unlike the Trezor where in the end, it's software on the Trezor that handles your keys.
Personally, I trust the Trezor more, simply because of the open-source hardware design.
@_date: 2019-06-13 09:34:30
HOLY CRAP. Sorry, but you are misinformed.
Hashing is not vulnerable to quantum algorithms.
You can bet your ass that new quantum computers are going to be less efficient than traditional computers at algorithms that are ***not*** vulnerable to quantum algorithms.
Quantum computers will only have an edge over traditional computers for algorithms that are vulnerable to quantum algorithms like Shor's algorithm.  These include prime factorization problem and the elliptic curve discrete log problem.   Elliptic curve discrete log problem is the basis of ECDSA and Schnorr signature schemes, so those are vulnerable.
Hashes ***are not*** vulnerable to Shor's algorithm, using a quantum computer on hashing is a waste of energy --- you'd be better of using a traditional non-quantum ASIC.
Even with a quantum computer we wouldn't have to change the PoW algorithm.  We only have to change the signature algorithm, and move all UTXOs to use the quantum-resistant signature algorithm.
Quantum-resistant signature algorithms include Lattice-based and Hash-based signature algorithms.  They tend to be orders of magnitude larger than EC-based algorithms (ECDSA and Schnorr).  Indeed, one good reason for keeping block size small is to allow us the space to increase the block size for a sudden deployment of a quantum-resistant signature scheme.  More work needs to be done in this space to make things small.
@_date: 2017-11-06 04:45:25
They didn't think about CPFP, where a transaction spends a UTXO created by a transaction in the same block.  In fact, it assumes blocks have no ordering, but they do --- Merkle trees have a left and right child per node, so there's ordering right there.
With ordering also added, they get 1/2 of compact blocks, which is good but only for a doubling of block size.
Edit: I mean, he mentions Merkle Tree a few times, but is apparently completely ignorant of how Merkle Trees work.  Ordering is needed!
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:12:21
Precisely.  In those cases FDIC won't pay you. That's what the hardware protects you from.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:00:52
Well, that's much better then! \^\^
So, topological sort algo to generate a canonical ordering, then enforce the canonical ordering in a softfork, then use Graphene for block transmissions.  Good enough?
@_date: 2019-10-14 04:39:10


This is not quite accurate.
Assuming you use `SIGHASH_ALL` (the default, and what wallets use almost exclusively) then the signatures sign the *entire* transaction, inputs and outputs (**without** the signatures on any of the inputs: that would violate causality).  Actually, what it signs is the "sighash" of the transaction.  For SegWit the sighash is computed as described in [BIP143](
Pre-SegWit the sighash is weirder and more complicated.
So yes, assuming `SIGHASH_ALL`, all inputs sign all of the outputs, and sign the other inputs as well.
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:06:47
Yes, it does feel like MimbleWimble would work well with Graphene.  You'd send two Graphene sets, one for block inputs and another for block outputs, then verify them.  Canonical ordering is required by MimbleWimble for privacy anyway.  Requires too much work to make it happen with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:24:36
BOLT 1.0 has a `channel_reserve` parameter to make this kind of attack have a cost rather than completely costless.  This means that the scenario you described is impossible, and you have always something to lose in each channel if you attempt to steal from me (or anyone else).  The fees for the justice transaction can come from your side of the channel, so it's going to be you who pays the fee and any leftover will become mine.
@_date: 2017-11-16 00:00:02
As someone who has done a cursory read of the relevant source code, the generation is done on your computer's browser, not on the server.
Open source rules like that.
You can save the web page complete, then physically disconnect your computer from the Internet (turn off WiFi, disconnect WLAN, turn off your Internet router) and the saved complete web page can still generate the address.  So no worries of the server saving your address.  For complete paranoia, download a good OS (Linux-based), burn to DVD/flashdisk, boot from there and load the web page from the booted OS.
You can also throw a six-sided die a bunch of times (52 times IIRC) and input that to the bitcoinpaperwallet.com saved web page while disconnected.  That protects you against any weaknesses of the random number generator.
Since you can run the site without being connected to the Internet (and can provide your own source of random numbers) you can trust the generator to that extent.  It's just that HTML+JavaScript is the real "write once, run anywhere" these days.
What you really have to worry about is that newer printers may save printed pages on permanent on-printer storage.  Large multi-function units common in offices often save everything scanned and printed on a harddrive inside them, for example, and it never gets cleared unless your office IT department bothers to clear them (and they probably know how to access those printouts and would probably also know how to clear out a paper wallet they see).  Newer printer units you may have at home may also have longer-term storage (if you can reprint something you printed a few days ago then they definitely have long-term storage).  Printer drivers might also save recent printouts on your computer's disk, too, where malware may be waiting.
So you probably should worry more about your printer and OS rather than the site \^\^
@_date: 2019-06-13 11:07:23
Dealing with fees is a huge mess, as the other guy said.  Dealing with channels on Lightning is also a mess --- you'd prefer to give a simplified yet accurate view to the user ("you can spend max N mBTC on a single payout, you need to hold N mBTC in reserve (click here for more info), you have N mBTC total spendable" etc.).
@_date: 2019-06-06 10:25:05
A do-it-yourself hardware wallet.
Do you have an old laptop or desktop that's gathering dust somewhere? Reformat the drive, or get a brand new cheap hdd. Install some Linuxen variant, such as Debian. Remove any wifi capability, or just never give the wifi router password. Download  for Linux and use a USB stick to copy the .appimage file to the old computer. Set up a cold wallet on your offline computer and a watch only wallet on your normal computer  . ***Make a handwritten paper backup of the 12 seed words***. Verify the first few addresses the offline cold storage generates is the same as the watch-only wallet.
You can then receive money on the watch-only wallet. You can also spend by making an unsigned transaction on the watch only wallet, transferring the unsigned transaction file via USB to and from the offline computer (***never boot the offline computer with the USB stick attached***).
@_date: 2019-06-17 07:04:33
Ah, I see, that's indeed correct.
@_date: 2019-06-26 08:59:37


I agree, we should donate more BTC to Iran.
@_date: 2017-11-12 09:09:27
What are the chances the world ***doesn't*** end in the next 24 hours?
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:45:25
Won't help if Coinbase decides it doesn't like you for no good reason and freezes your account.  Won't help if somebody successfully hacks you or your computer to get your Coinbase password.
@_date: 2019-10-01 09:01:50
Mining never stopped.  This is just a perfectly normal and perfectly expected occassional glitch in mining.  Mining is a Poisson process and the expected rate is one block every 10 minutes ***but*** you will find large deviations from this block rate, perfectly and completely normally.
This is the main reason why transacting directly on the blockchain base layer is no good for most fast transactions, and why we need Lightning.
@_date: 2019-08-07 07:03:15
To oversimplify a bit (you may have to unlearn some of the below if you dive deeper):
* Blockchains require that every transaction occurring on the blockchain be known by every node.
   * That is, it requires that every block be propagated to every node in the network.
* Payment channel networks (i.e. Lightning) require that a transaction only be propagated from the payer to the payee, and a number of intermediaries.
   * Very specifically, not everyone learns about every transaction, and there is no node that can see all transactions (side effect: improves privacy).
* Thus, for a particular number of transactions, payment channel networks are more efficient in total bandwidth usage:
   * If there are N nodes and T transactions per day, blockchains require N * T bandwidth at minimum.
   * If there are N nodes and T transactions per day, payment channel networks require T bandwidth at minimum.
   * Of note is that the number of transactions T is going to be largely proportional to the number of nodes on the network.
* Blockchains only require the laws of Physics in order to be instantiated (proof-of-work, which is really a measure of entropy).
* Unfortunately, payment channel networks require some authority to decide on disputes in case of disagreement between payer and payee (i.e. requires some existing system in order to be instantiated).
   * Precisely because transactions are sent only between payer and payee!
   * i.e. one side can claim differently from what the other side says: the transactions sent were private until the disagreement was presented to the authority.
   * Often requires some sort of "versioning".
     * Each channel is basically "you own this, I own that".
     * When a payment is made, both sides of the channel countersign the new version of "you own this, I own that".
     * To determine if the state is valid, the authority judges (a) it was signed by both parties and (b) no later version can be shown by either party.
* So we split the responsibilities:
     * The blockchain is the authority that judges on disputes between payer and payee.
        * The blockchain is a *decentralized* arbiter in disagreements: by use of some clever smart contracts (shown in the link given by OP) the blockchain layer "knows" how to adjudicate between the parties.
        * The blockchain just needs to have enough capacity to support the payment channel network.
     * The payment channel network handles most of the transaction load
       * In case of an attack (i.e. disagreement between payer and payee), the payment channel networkdefers to the blockchain layer to adjudicate.
@_date: 2019-06-12 10:28:08
Every merchant-level transaction should provide a different address. Paying to the same address is daft.
 Afterwards use Wasabi or Joinmarket to mix your coins, then send to exchange for fiat, or to your employees/stockholders/suppliers if they accept BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-18 03:11:23
But NYA voting hashpower! /s
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:37:50
Well if some tiny fraction of the people griping about transaction scaling actually went and started helping out with the lightning network implementations ([c-lightning]( [lnd]( [Eclair]( [lit]( we could speed it up from 18 months in the future to 17 months.
@_date: 2019-10-11 05:09:37
Yes.  In some countries, it is in fact **illegal** for a store to impose surcharges when paid via credit card (USA recently made this legal, so people are now honestly informed of credit card surcharges).  Instead, stores just add the price for the credit card surcharge even on cash payments.
Some places get around this by offering a discount if paying by cash.  It's good policy to always ask if the store offers a cash discount, and prefer cash if a discount is available.  Mathematically a cash discount is equivalent to a credit card surcharge.


Considered ***only*** from an economically-rational perspective, **obviously** credit card providers cannot provide 2% cash back unless they earn more than 2%, they're not doing this out of the goodness of their heart.  So cashback is just a mild discount, that is smaller than the discount you can get paying by cash if the store has cash discounts policy.
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:18:05
CoinJoinXT is more about hiding the fact of the CoinJoin by simulating a transaction graph.  It *could* use the LN, but it doesn't *require* it, and initial implementations are going to be easier without LN than with.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:38:15
Atomic swaps are possible via hashlocked timelocked contracts and do NOT need SegWit.
However HTLCs are linkable, i.e. the same preimage is visible on both chains, so a chain analysis company can say "oh look that guy swapped his BTC for LTC".
This can be avoided by a more complex construction that requires a malleability fix, such as SegWit.
@_date: 2017-11-24 10:18:58
Thanks for the update!  Hope LN goes online soon \^\^ I think it's the Real Solution(TM) to scalability.  I think it's even better than sidechains too... sharding the O( N^2 ) blockchain into payment channels that are O(1), is better than sharding a O( N^2 ) blockchain into more O( N^2 ) blockchains.
Eh, I probably won't understand the math even so --- only hold a bachelor's degree in Electronics Engineering.  From a university in a third-world country.  13 years ago.  I barely even remember anything more advanced than calculus.  Discrete math... eh, kinda?  Mostly in digital signal processing... can't remember much anymore, other than "use z^-1 not s^-1 because it's digital, not analog".  And I don't really remember anything about the s-domain and z-domain either, LOL.  Something about frequency.
I do understand what Andrew's work can *do*, kinda --- basically it constructs signatures in such a way that signing leaks certain data (it's the equivalent to revealing the preimage of the hash in the "HTLCs on Scriptless Script" bit, and also ensures that a DLC oracle can sign exactly one message and if it signs two or more, it will entirely reveal its complete private key (via R reuse, if I understand it correctly, or something similar to that....)).
Your own work to actually bring Lightning "down to ground" is inspiring too IMHO!!!
@_date: 2019-06-21 09:52:01
If you mean "signature aggregation" as in "MuSig and similar multisignature-but-only-one-pubkey-and-signature-appears-onchain algos", then it only benefits those who are actually, you know, using mutlsignature schemes.
If you mean "cross-input signature aggregation" i.e. a single signature for the tx, there are some problems being ironed out about this scheme, something to do with it interacting badly with Taproot or interacting badly with SCRIPT.  That would help by reducing 65 witness bytes for each input beyond the first, but xref the bad interactions with other features and that's why it's not being proposed yet (thus not listed above).
@_date: 2017-11-19 10:03:29
A legacy/segwit address can send to a legacy/segwit address. This is true for all possible combinations.
Additional block space is available only if the source address is segwit.
Segwit addresses can be encoded as P2SH addresses (3xxx...) for compatibility with old wallets. They have a new encoding using the new bech32 encoding (bc1xxx...).
@_date: 2017-11-20 00:19:48
Tether is concerning since they still have no proper audit. However the fact that Tether often is more expensive than a dollar by a small percentage suggests that growing  Tether supply is backed by external demand.
I doubt this will be at all like MtGox; that was revealed to have lost the Bitcoin backing. Tether may have lost the fiat backing, which is kind of the opposite side here.
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:13:04
Well in theory you could sell off 51% of all Bitcoins and cause a massive market crash that will totally hurt all the HODLers here, and use the resources you got from the selloff to buy guns to physically take over China and its miners.
But that's probably not what your friend means, so there.
@_date: 2019-06-29 00:31:59
It may not be ironclad proof, but it *is* evidence, and you should adjust your estimate of likelihood based on how likely it is, that an expert cryptographer, with opsec so good nobody knows who he is, will leak his keys to somebody else.
@_date: 2017-11-21 08:19:00
The nice thing about MAST and Bellare-Neven signatures (often miscalled Schnorr signatures) is that they don't increase the block size (and thus retaining fullnode level) while still increasing transactions per second that can be supported by the network.
@_date: 2017-11-08 10:20:13


Why go through a pool?  Just run a Lightning node yourself directly (assuming you have reasonably good Internet --- if your connection or electricity is flaky, maybe use a trusted operator to run your node, e.g. a cloud service).
I mean, Lightning already uses smart contracts to ensure that nothing gets stolen from anyone, why go through a pool when you can run a LN hub yourself with 1BTC?
(that's the thing, you don't need tons of money to be a node, even 1BTC is more than enough: it's six channels, since the maximum channel size is 0.16777215 BTC.  That's why you don't have to worry about LN centralizing hubs: launching a new node is so cheap, anyone who saves for a few years can start one).
Edit: Heck, suppose you have a friend who is thinking of starting up a small business that accepts BTC on-Lightning.  You can offer to open a few channels to his LN node.  If his business does well, you both benefit: he gets a channel going to his business (and eventually becoming a bidirectional channel with which he can pay his employees/contractors/suppliers), you get fees for keeping that channel open.  People think that more money means more connectivity, but in practice getting connectivity deals like this (I'll get a channel to you so you can start your LN-accepting business, I benefit because fees are likely to go through me as one of the few channels open to you) will matter more than the amount you keep on channels.
@_date: 2019-06-04 03:38:20
Even if possible, you  are giving up your keys to BitPay. Don't do this.
@_date: 2019-06-30 01:34:53
Not particularly.  You are incentivized to keep channels open as long as you can, since every open channel you have is an opportunity for others to route through you.


By "his channel" you mean singular?  Not "his channels" plural?
Doesn't matter how many payments you make and receive on-Lightning.  Every cooperative close is just a single transaction, every non-cooperative close is 2.  That's how Lightning gets its massive scaling gains --- it doesn't delay settlement of all your transactions and then replays them one by one on closure, it settles the sum of the transactions into a single transaction.
This particularly becomes powerful once Chad T. Bitcoiner gets paid over Lightning for whatever services/products he makes, because now the channel becomes bidirectional, and if Chad T. Bitcoiner has some incoming cashflow that gets paid over Lightning, then he can live on Lightning forever and never settle onchain and we get infinity scaling.  Not gonna happen because currently people still die, so we have to fix that too, but one thing at a time.  That's why exchanges supporting Lightning is going to be a big boost: people today often have fiat incoming cashflows, and if they convert it to on-Lightning Bitcoin, then we get massive scaling as more transactions never have to hit the blockchain at all.
@_date: 2017-11-16 08:35:33
Good idea, that would definitely make you look smart, according to statistics.
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:34:37
Because if their work causes the price to increase by 1% they will have earned the equivalent of your salary for a year :P
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:17:54
You know OP_RETURN, the opcode that just stops script execution with failure?  Kinda weird name for an opcode that just fails, right?
Originally, OP_RETURN took the stack top and returned it.  If the stack top was 0, script execution stopped and the opcode failed.  If the stack top was **not** 0, script execution stopped and the script succeeded.
The problem was that OP_RETURN was allowed in scriptSig.  And you could spend any UTXO with the simple scriptSig:
    1 OP_RETURN
Since the scriptSig was just concatenated to scriptPubKey, the script engine would just execute both scripts in sequence.  So it would push 1 on the stack, OP_RETURN would check the stack top, oh it looks like you're authorized to spend the UTXO, and never execute the policy in scriptPubKey.
That is why today, OP_RETURN always fails script execution.  Otherwise, everything in Bitoin is anyone-can-spend.
Here's another one: OP_CAT. It takes the two stack top items and concatenates them together.
In combination with OP_DUP (which pops the stack top and pushes two copies of it), OP_CAT could lead to fullnodes allocating too much memory and dying.
The sequence below doubles the amount of memory used by the script engine:
    OP_DUP OP_CAT
Create a reasonably short script of the above sequence repeated 32 times, and you have 32 doublings.  Or 2^32 times the size of the original stack top.
As it happens, the amount of addressable memory in a 32-bit system (which are still in use today, and definitely were still reasonably widespread back in the early days of Bitcoin) is just.... 2^32 bytes.
That's why OP_CAT is now disabled.
There's a bunch of other disabled operations in Bitcoin SCRIPT, I still haven't discovered the reasoning behind all of them, but yes, there's a reason why Bitcoin developers in general are suspicious of anything very powerful in a smart contract language, and are very very very conservative about what operations will get into Bitcoin SCRIPT.
I believe gmax (has mentioned a principle that Core follows (or should follow?) when it comes to Bitcoin SCRIPT: No opcode should check anything that is not in the transaction it gets executed in.  Ethereum's design uses global state outside of transactions to affect execution of Solidity code, which makes designing smart contracts in Ethereum perilous due to [spooky action at a distance]( gmax's principle explicitly limits spooky actions to only within a single transaction without referring to global state.  Hence, the rejection of Ethereum by most serious Bitcoin developers.
(gmax's principle I believe also underpins the assumptions in the Bitcoin Core's Script Cache, and would break the script cache if violated)
@_date: 2017-11-20 05:14:03
You mean like a spec?
Generally the original Bitcoin was released as "the code is the spec".  The BIPs are an attempt to move towards "spec, then code", but are generally focused only on individual new things and don't cover the bits that were around since Satoshi.  At least Lightning BOLT started with a spec before doing the serious production coding work.
Could be made into a somewhat large project if you're willing to take the time to build the spec docs yourself from the Bitcoin core lore.  Note that it would require continuous updating though.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:04:38
Depends on your wallet.  While replace-by-fee already exists as a feature, very few wallets implement it (Electrum does but requires you to fiddle its settings ***and*** mark each send explicitly as replaceable).  Replace-by-fee will let you increase the fee.  If your wallet doesn't have it, one trick you could try would be to send the rest of your funds to yourself at a much higher fee rate (this technique is child-pays-for-parent, where a child transaction (the transaction that sends all your funds to yourself) pays for an earlier transaction (the transaction with the 0.02USD fee)).
Unconfirmed transactions have an amibiguous nature.  Even if it gets dropped by the network, in theory some random guy or gal could have recorded the transaction, then later when the mempool drops in size rebroadcast the transaction (which would still be valid).  So you can't treat "dropped by the network" exactly as a "refunded back to me" unless you do the resend-all-my-funds-to-myself trick to force the dropped transaction to become invalid, or get it confirmed using replace-by-fee.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:44:26
In order to cheat you, your counterparty needs to post invalid state to the blockchain. Which is public and decentralized.
You then have a time window of a few days to give a proof of that the given channel state was invalid.
That proof is also publicly posted on the blockchain. Which is public. And decentralized.
Now everyone else can see the steal attempt.
Do you now get it?
@_date: 2017-11-24 02:07:04
Somebody exorcises your pesky ghost so you can move on with your death.
@_date: 2017-11-23 08:46:11
1.  Changes to consensus code are very risky.  You don't just "change a 1 to an 8".  What really happens is that what used to be a constant 1 will now become a variable based on the block height (1 up to block N - 1, 8 at block N), and to ensure wipeout protection you need to coordinate that the fork point is definitely rejected by legacy rules (block N must be &gt; 1, also need to update the mining code to generate block N &gt; 1).  2X got hit by a bug in the consensus code *and* the mining code, which if it had gone through, would have meant it would have forked 2X: 
2.  Increasing load on the fullnode network reduces the number of people willing to run fullnodes.   Increasing to an 8Mb base size for legacy txes excludes 90% of fullnodes, risking centralization of the network and putting SPV nodes at increased risk.
3.  Increasing block size will settle to *fewer* transactions per second globally than if there is a block size limit and we encourage users to use off-chain methods. 
4.  Bitcoin is one heck of a lot more complicated than the above.  The whitepaper is at this point an obsolete document.  P2SH, new behavior for OP_RETURN, new behavior for `nSequence`, `nLockTime`, Bitcoin SCRIPT, Bloom filters for SPV, SCRIPT purity principle, etc. are not in the whitepaper, and understanding all of them requires understanding code and all the extant BIPs (and the discussion and experience around those details are pretty important too: Bloom filters failed at keeping privacy, for instance, and devs later started to realize that private information retrieval was going to take a lot more ingenuity and a lot more network bandwidth).  Some of the details are not documented well, or at all, and are essentially lore that Core devs pass around to whoever asks on   By comparison the Lightning BOLT 1.0 spec is simple and straightforward compared to the tangle of hacks needed to keep Bitcoin consensus.  My understanding is that in theory the very first Bitcoin client could still run on the network today, except it would crash with out-of-memory at some point (and even if you had infinite memory, your CPU load would go so high you would never catch up with the block rate) because it hasn't been optimized for the current network state.
@_date: 2019-06-29 15:44:56
Yeah, definitely, a groundbreaking cryptographer who kept his identity secret for years is very likely to leave his keys in a location where they can be stolen.
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:44:21
If it's going to be centrally issued though --- why not just a Chaumian bank implementation?  At least Chaumian banks have better privacy-by-default than anything that touches a blockchain (admittedly LN gives pretty good privacy, so building on top of LN helps).
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:40:14
Every channel on Lightning is backed by a deeply-confirmed UTXO on the Bitcoin blockchain.  No node will accept payments over a channel that doesn't have a confirmed UTXO: they could potentially lose funds that way.
Public channels that can be used for routing also indicate the location of their backing confirmed UTXO on the blockchain as a transaction ID + outpoint.
Regardless of using published or unpublished channels, no sane node operator will accept payments over channels that do not have a backing UTXO that has been confirmed deeply.
It's not inflatable.
@_date: 2019-06-29 20:09:21
Lightning Network, full stop.  The only viable scaling solution for blockchains is to take things off the blockchain.  Lightning Network is the most sophisticated offchain network, with assured non-custodial holding of your money (as long as you keep your node online); other offchain networks are either custodial or have more severe privacy issues than LN.
Sidechains don't work as well as you might expect for scaling --- the issue is that blockchains require massive bandwidth to coordinate, and sidechains means you are making ***more*** blockchains that take up ***more*** bandwidth.
@_date: 2019-06-30 14:44:56
Just to clarify --- pruning lets you cut down on *disk storage*.  You still have to download the entire blockchain.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:35:38


Wrong. Lightning is a ***network***. When you open a channel, you can pay not just the direct counterparty, but also everyone who is connected, directly or indirectly, to that counterparty.
Don't confuse Lightning with Moonbeam or Yours, which do require payment channels to each payee.
@_date: 2017-11-19 00:13:53
\*shrug\* yes, thinkos do happen even with experienced devs.  I've done it myself.  I should probably have "if you added a new member variable, did you also add it in the initialization list of every ctor?" in a checklist somewhere.  But yes, it's the fact that they don't know, or rather, that they *know the wrong thing*, which is WTF.
C++ prioritizes performance, not correctness.  Yes, even `std::vector` is just a thin wrapper around malloc-ed size+capacity+arraypointer structs.
@_date: 2019-06-26 04:08:38
Not gonna happen.
Ask yourself: how many developers are working on Bitcoin and on top of Bitcoin, and how many are working on random-shitcoin and on top of random-shitcoin?
How much better are the Bitcoin developers compared to the random-shitcoin developers?
That's the fundamentals of Bitcoin: the devs who are working on and on top of it.
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:39:49
Unit for Lightning payments is millisatoshis, 1/1000 of a satoshi, thus adding 3 decimal places.
Since Lightning keeps transactions off-chain, millisatoshis will add up over time to become whole satoshis.
When channels are closed, any millisatoshis between the two counterparties in the channel will add up to a single satoshi which is donated to miners as part of the fee.  Or in other words, when closing, each side's share of the channel gets rounded down to the lower entire satoshi value.  In the future maybe a provably fair lottery can be set up so that if for example I have 250 millisatoshis to round down you will have 750 millisatoshis to round down, I have a 25% chance of winning the entire satoshi and you have a 75% chance of winning the entire satoshi.
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:04:35
Fortunately we can use its inherent decay to create a measure of time, and as its entropy increases, package them into proof-of-work so we can transfer power by use of a shared delusion that numbers stored in many computers actually mean something.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:19:32
You'll lose more in electricity than what you'll earn.  Even if somebody else is paying for the electricity, they'll probably complain about the sudden rise in electricity usage and start snooping and asking why the heck your electricity suddenly went up.
In addition, if you start with less than a few hundred gaming laptops, it is unlikely you'll get more than a few shares at a mining pool after a month or so of running.
If you have the laptops and phones, refurbish them to the best of your skill, sell them, and buy BTC with the proceeds.
@_date: 2017-11-17 03:36:23
Yes, that is indeed a possible attack scenario. To protect against this you keep your channels private (and give up earning routing fees for the improved security) and  treat channels as spend-only unidirectional channels.  So the oldest state is one where all the funds on the channel are yours and the latest state always has less money assigned to you than the oldest state. There is then no older state where the counterparty has more funds than the latest state. You can then completely avoid having to worry about justice txs at all.
But in any case the time frame for justice txs is a few days (and you can set it for your node), so as long as you can keep your offlinedness time less than a day or two, you can afford to keep channels public and bidirectional.
Re: miner censorship, that requires 51% hashpower, in which case Bitcoin as a whole is at risk, not just Lightning.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:52:28
Bcash was an attempt to apply a hardfork to Bitcoin that specifically rejected SegWit in favor of a flat increase of blocksize from 1Mb to 8Mb.
* [Here's why a blocksize increase will in the long run lead to **less** transactions per second compared to using higher-layer off-chain techniques](
* [Here's why higher-layer off-chain techniques need SegWit](
* It should be noted that in a network where fullnodes dominate, applying a hardfork requires not just the coordination of miners, but the acquiescence of the fullnodes.  Thus a contentions hardfork without support of economically-major fullnodes will lead to a new altcoin rather than a safe upgrade of the network.  Ethereum can do hardforks once a month because Ethereum does not have a fullnode-dominated network, but has already centralized into a miner-dominated network.
Some major proponents like Jihan Wu, Craig Wright, and Roger Ver insist on calling the coin "Bitcoin Cash".  They tend to become upset when it is referred to as Bcash.
Recently, an interviewer talking with Roger Ver slipped up and referred to "Bitcoin Cash" as "Bcash" a few times too often, which triggered Roger and ended the interview with Roger flipping the bird, which caused the interviewer to taunt him with "Bcash Bcash Bcash" (for what it's worth, he did make a token effort to use "Bitcoin cash" before slipping up, but I guess since Roger flipped the bird at him he decided to just taunt Roger).
@_date: 2017-11-28 06:03:24
Ledger and Trezor are hardware wallets.  They are small minicomputers specialized at keeping your private key and signing transactions.
One of the risks with using Bitcoin is the possibility of being hacked.  A computer that is connected over the Internet has a larger "attack area", i.e. there are more things that a hacker can try to do.
Now, in Bitcoin, ownership and control of private keys is everything.  If a hacker gets at your private keys, then kiss your Bitcoin goodbye.  No chargebacks, no calling up the CEO of Bitcoin to get your money back.
So one way to reduce the "attack area" is to have a specialized computer that is NOT connected to directly to the Internet, and keep the private keys there.
Hardware wallets like the Ledger and Trezor keep the private keys.  They have so little capability that there is little that a hacker can do to them other than ask them to sign transactions.  And before they sign transactions, they will first display the transaction on their built-in screen and wait for you to press a button to confirm.  So unless the hacker also gets physical access to your hardware wallet, the hacker still can't spend your funds.
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:05:37
\*shrug\* bad rap, I don't know.  Personally can't mine because (1) electricity costs are too high and (2) tropical country
@_date: 2017-11-26 11:35:30
As long as you don't use  a futures contract, no.
That said if some powerful individuals decide they don't like you because you use Bitcoin, you could lose more than whqt you invested (banks might block your withdrawals for example).
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:35:31
P2Pool is a decentralized pool where individual miners joining the pool get to propose blocks, rather than some central pool operator building blocks that they hire individual miners to grind.
Some years back P2Pool was being proposed to be integrated to the Core client, but got Gavin'ed.
Today the big problem is that P2Pool's shares now have too high a difficulty.  Possibly even if P2Pool became part of the Bitcoin standard sub-pools would have emerged anyway.
@_date: 2019-06-28 09:47:00
Maybe I should have added the Somsen ("statechain") mechanism too?
Edit: sure why not
# "Statechains" Somsen mechanism
That thing with the federation and dynamically adding participants to a channel factory.  Yep, that.
Basically, a set of signers are set up as blind signers.  They start a Somsen mechanism by being informed of a single Schnorr pubkey (which is really a MuSig of the participants in the factory).  So there are two signer sets:
1. The federation (which is what is registered on the onchain UTXO)
2. The factory participants (who are remembered by the federation members).
Each time the factory participants want to modify the channels in the channel factory, or add and remove participants in the factory, the channel participants sign off on a blinded message, plus the "next" Schnorr pubkey that will be valid (these are the MuSig of new keys of the existing participants, plus or minus added/removed participants).  By requiring that each update have a new Schnorr pubkey, we ensure that a "chain" of updates exists, and the factory participants promise not to respect signatures from the previous Schnorr pubkeys.
The federation signs the blinded message, well, blindly.  They don't know what it contains.  What it actually contains is a Decker-Russel-Osuntokun update transaction.  Once the channel participants acquire the blinded signature, they can unblind it.  If they need to perform a unilateral close of the channel factory, they can publish it onchain and it would be a normal onchain transaction that splits a fund into multiple channels.
The blind signing gives some minor security, in that the federation does not learn (at least by this mechanism) which UTXO is being spent; it would be trivial to tweak the federation key with some known blinding factor shared to all factory participants.
 Advantages
* Channel factories can add and remove participants dynamically!  This is unlike "normal" factories which have a fixed participant set at the start: you can change around the channels between participants, but you can't remove or add participants.  With the Somsen mechanism you can add and remove participants (by agreement of all current participants, ratified by a voting quorum of the federation), in addition to modifying channel structure.
 Disadvantages
* Onchain, the signing set is the federation.  There are various tricks (including blinding the federation so they don't even know what UTXO gets spent, and adding blinding scalars to the federation key so they can't try to search their pubkey onchain) to prevent the federation from knowing enough to outright steal.  However, once the federation knows, they *can* steal without any way for the factory participants to object --- the federation can completely ignore the Decker-Russell-Osuntokun protocol used, and sign a simple spend of the UTXO to the federation members.
   * Since the "nice new thing" the Somsen mechanism provides is adding new factory participants, a federation could sneak sockpuppet participants into particularly high-value factories.  Factory participants need to know which exact UTXO holds the factory's funds, as well as any blinding factors added to the federation pubkey (so that any factory participant can close unilaterally), so new factory participants have to be informed of those details, and if the new participant is actually a sockpuppet of the federation, the federation now knows enough to steal outright the backing coin.
   * One can argue that this completely breaks Lightning: the point of Lightning is that as long as you're online, or a paid watchtower you hired to watch the blockchain is online, you have complete control of your funds without the possibility of counterparty theft (counterparties can annoy you by locking your funds, but they can't outright steal, and remember, locked funds == enforced HODLing).  Under the Somsen mechanism, funds inside channels inside the channel factory are subject to the possiblity of counterparty theft by the federation.  In short: because of this theft risk, nodes would discount the value of funds held in Somsen-mechanism channel factories compared to other channels.
* Needs Decker-Russell-Osuntokun, which needs `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`/`SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT`.
    * The same thing can be done using the Decker-Wattenhofer update mechanism, which works in current Bitcoin.  However, note that the Decker-Wattenhofer mechanism has the drawback of requiring much larger locktimes for unilateral close.  The locktimes involved are also the "CSV minimum" values needed for safely transporting an HTLC over channels inside of, or implemented by, Decker-Wattenhofer or Decker-Russell-Osuntokun.
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:59:32
No, tomtomtom7's algo rearranges transactions within a block so that ordering-afterwards works.  It's just that the step 2 is O( n^2 ), making it somewhat painful and possibly destroying the benefit of Graphene.
@_date: 2017-11-18 08:50:10
Blockchains have difficulty scaling: transactions need to spread across the entire network, then one of the nodes needs to "confirm" a partial set of those transactions, putting them in a semi-finalized state.
The very first response to Nakamoto's announcement points this out: 
This is why higher layers are necessary.  Decentralized blockchains cannot scale to achieve all transactions in the world on a single *decentralized* blockchain.
However, with some ingenuity and elbow grease and lots and lots of tests, we can build higher layers that depend on the correct operation of the blockchain, but do not put significant transaction load on it.  I refer of course to Lightning Network.
People have been dreaming of "sharding" the blockchain so that the need to transmit transactions to the entire world is reduced.  Hence, sidechains and Plasma.  You'd keep some money for spending on one or more sidechains.  The sidechain fund is "pegged" by locking some funds on the mainchain, which can be released only if consensus is reached that someone did in fact request the exit from the sidechain.  In normal operation, you'd use atomic cross-chain swaps (which is done on each chain via hashlocked timelocked contracts) to pay someone who is on a sidechain you don't operate in.
Guess what?  That's how Lightning operates too.
You'd keep some money for spending on one or more payment channels.  The channel fund is "pegged" by locking some funds on the Bitcoin blockchain, which can be released only if both of you on the channel reach consensus on how much each one owns.  In normal operation, you'd use payment channel routing (which is done on the channels via hashlocked timelocked contracts) to pay someone who is on a channel you are not directly connected to.
In effect, Lightning makes a lot of little "sidechains", except they aren't ***chains***, they're payment channels.  The payment channel changes state (transferring funds from one end to the other) if both ends of the channel agree on the change in state --- much like a federated sidechain would generate a block once enough federation members agree on the block.
If you were hoping that sidechains would help scaling, guess what?  Lightning already brings a superior solution to the scaling problem, without requiring any additional changes to Bitcoin.  It just needs more work to be done on the actual Lightning implementations.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:10:28
Well, without enforcement by nodes, pathological mining pools with plurality hashpower can use a noncanonical ordering and slow down block transmission rate for Graphene-using mining pools/solominers, effectively making a block-withdrawal attack.  So enforcement of canonical ordering seems best.
Or maybe I'm just being stupid, Core doesn't seem concerned (?) about block-withdrawal attacks anymore... (?) or something something something about something about block-withdrawal attacks, I think I remembered they changed how fullnodes judge "best" block in order to make block-withdrawal less favorable to the plurality (&gt;33%) hashrate.
@_date: 2017-11-28 10:13:11
A hardware wallet is defined as keeping the private keys out of an Internet-connected computing device.  This is in order to reduce the potential attack surface of the private keys.
Bitcoin core expects to be run on an Internet-connected computing device.  So it cannot be run on the hardware wallet itself.
What you can do is something like:
1.  Have a permanently-offline computer (rip off Wifi antenna if any, remove NIC cards, desolder LAN connector...).  Install recent Electrum there and create a standard wallet there.  Never put this computer online and if you have to replace harddisk/SDD, burn the old harddisk/SDD.  Also treat backups of this permanently-offline computer as properly offline.  Heck, probably never back it up --- the 12 words you get when you make a standard wallet should be enough of a backup.
2.  Have a permanently-online computer.  Install Bitcoin Core, ElectrumX (the Electrum server; WARNING the default configuration uses Bcash) and Electrum.  Point the Electrum here at your local ElectrumX instance.
3.  Copy the xpub (Master Public Key) from the offline computer to the online computer.  This is safe as it is not the private key you are transferring.
4.  Use your online computer to receive.  Generally you can confirm if the "Addresses" tabs of the offline computer and the online computer contain the same addresses.
5.  If you ever need to spend, create a sending transaction in your online computer.  Then save the unsigned transaction to a USB flash drive, copy to your permanently-offline computer, then sign it there, save the signed transaction to the USB flash drive, copy to your online computer, open it in Electrum and broadcast it. (The offline computer, being offline, will not be able to see any transactions, that is normal, view your transactions on the online watch-only Electrum).
The offline computer here serves as your hardware wallet.  Again, never put it online and always burn any HDDs and SDDs you remove from it.
@_date: 2017-11-06 06:30:56
Thinking further.... MimbleWimble might actually benefit from Graphene more than Bitcoin would, due to transactional cut-through you get "for free" from MimbleWimble.
As [I mentioned before]( Bitcoin's Merkle Tree requires an ordering of the transactions, and no, transactions cannot be naively ordered according to hash, due to CPFP.
MimbleWimble however will simply merge CPFP groups into larger transactions, so you can always order according to transaction hash (indeed, it *has* to order outputs according to some canonical order in order to protect privacy).
thoughts on Graphene for MimbleWimble?
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:28:08
Step 2 is O( n^2 ) if using an array.  Could be faster with linked-list, though, so maybe workable?
Other issue is hostile invalid blocks that contain 2 or more invalid transactions (as in, definitely invalid, spends a nonexistent or already-spent UTXO), step 2 above will never terminate.  This needs to be considered very carefully, we don't want this becoming a DDoS vector.  There's also the possibility of a hostile ***valid*** block being made such that it is composed of 4,000+ valid transactions that just spend a single satoshi in a chain of transactions, so the above algorithm needs to carefully consider that hostile case very carefully, and anything that mitigates against the "2 or more invalid txes" case needs to also be robust against the "4000+ valid transactions in a single long chain of transactions".
Edit: No, I'm an idiot.  Even if step  is done using linked list, it will still be O( n^2 ) worst case, in the "4000+ valid transactions in a single long chain of transactions" case.  Consider the case where we have a chain of transactions t0 -&gt; t1 -&gt; t2 ... -&gt; tN, but the hashes happen to order them as tN, ... t2, t1, t0.  It will require N^2 iterations of the loop to put them in the "correct" order (edit: `(N - 1) * (N - 2)` if my thoughts make sense, but I've been wrong before).  And it is still vulnerable to the "2 or more invalid txes".  Aarg.  That's why I'm not in Core!!!!! LOL
@_date: 2017-11-09 07:03:36
Bitpico previously claimed in September they had 1.63% hashpower.  So there is a discrepancy here.  The mailinglist post seems likely to be exaggerating.
@_date: 2017-11-08 10:38:34
Bitcoin Cash and 2X have better technology?  That makes me laugh.
Neither are likely to have these anytime soon:
1.  MAST, which allows for more complex scripts while increasing privacy for those scripts.
2.  Bellare-Neven (also known as Schnorr) signatures, which enables things like Scriptless Script for off-chain smart contracts and better privacy for swaps, both in-chain (tumbling) or cross-chain, as well as signature aggregation for even smaller transactions.
3.  Lightning (Cash almost definitely will not get this anytime soon, or ever).  Harder chain analysis since most transactions are not on-chain.  Fast off-chain low-fee micropayments.
4.  Drivechains (an implementation of sidechains, aka sharding).  Ask any drivechain dev if they intend to support anything other than BTC.
Bitcoin Core, the development team behind Bitcoin, is the largest group of cryptocurrency researchers and developers; the last release had 100 contributors.  2X and Bitcoin Cash have 1 main developer each with maybe 2 or 3 other supporting developers.  They're ***tiny*** compared compared to Bitcoin Core.  2X and Bitcoin Cash will not have better technology.
Cash is almost entirely out of the running at this point due to rejection of SegWit.  Lightning and Bellare-Neven signatures are both dependent on SegWit; MAST is likely to need SegWit too.  2X has a chance, but 2X development has stalled at getting Bitcoin 0.15.x modifications (2X forked off Bitcoin 0.14.x, I believe), so 2X first has to get itself on par with Bitcoin 0.15.x before they can even start on MAST, which in many ways is the simplest of the above techs.
@_date: 2017-11-20 11:38:33
Current versions still use 12 words.
@_date: 2019-06-11 12:26:11


This does not counteract the problem of needing to be online :)
Who do you think is able to broadcast "a new transaction that contains proof that the money in the old transaction was supposed to go somewhere else", other than the other participant in the channel, or any watchtowers they've delegated the "new transaction" data to?
Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") also has the same relative timelocked component that requires online-ness as Poon-Dryja ("legacy Lightning").
What Decker-Russell-Osuntokun solves is ***not*** the watchtower problem (it's not solvable as far as we know, except via proof-of-work --- which is basically just doing every transaction onchain, which is untenable for other reasons).  What it solves is the "toxic waste" problem: if you ***accidentally*** publish an old state, ***or your Lifelong Enemy  gets hold of your old state and deliberately publishes your old state*** (i.e. digging through your "waste", which is thus "toxic" to you), under Poon-Dryja (the current Lightning mechanism) then you will lose all your funds in the channel (the counterparty can only assume you are attempting to steal).  Under Decker-Russell-Osuntokun, if you *do* accidentally publish old state, what happens is that the counterparty simply overrides your old state with the latest state, rather than revoking it and taking all the money in the channel.
@_date: 2017-11-08 03:43:18
Your understanding is vastly, vastly incorrect.
Okay, let's say we have channels set up this way:
    kiwi &lt;=&gt; zomb &lt;=&gt; Juan
Now kiwi wants to pay Juan 0.05BTC, but doesn't have a direct channel to Juan and can't be bothered to go make a channel.
So what happens is this.
Juan tells kiwi a question which he knows the answer to (but not the answer, just the question).  The question is called the "hash" and the answer is called the "hash preimage".
kiwi makes a conditional payment (a smart contract) to zomb, with 0.05BTC (plus some pre-negotiated routing fee, but let's ignore that for now).  The payment is conditional on whether zomb knows the answer (hash preimage) to the question (hash).  If zomb can't give the answer in two days, the payment never pulls through.
In addition to the payment, kiwi also sends an encrypted routing message to zomb.  It is readable by zomb, but only up to a bit which says "Juan knows the answer to this question".  The rest of the message is encrypted to Juan.
Now zomb wants to get the money (since he will get paid a fee), so he forwards the rest of the encrypted message to Juan together with a conditional payment, which only works if Juan gives the answer to the question within 1 day.  The encrypted message to Juan now reads "Juan, this is the 0.05BTC I owe you, please provide the answer to zomb, love kiwi".
Now, Juan gets the payment of 0.05BTC by giving the answer to zomb.  Now that zomb knows the answer, he can use the same answer to get his payment of 0.05BTC (plus routing fee) from kiwi.
Juan can't get the money without giving the answer (in fact in the worst case it gets published on the blockchain; in the typical case the answer is only transmitted between Juan and zomb).  Once kiwi receives the answer from zomb, kiwi knows the payment pushed through because zomb couldn't possibly have known the answer unless Juan told it to him.
These payments are not done on-chain, but off-chain.  At any time, we can drop to on-chain, but that detail is a different topic involving payment channels.
Lightning combines conditional payments like the above (called "hashlocked timelocked contract" or HTLC) with bidirectional payment channels to create a payment network.
So Lightning combines two ideas, and you need to understand both ideas to understand Lightning completely.  One can argue that Lightning itself is already two different layers.
Bidirectional payment channels handles off-chain payments between two people.  HTLCs handles payment networking, where a chain of deals is created that ensures that either everyone gets paid, or nobody gets paid.
@_date: 2019-06-25 04:35:22
Pieter Wuille.  .  Don't know how to pronounce it though.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:21:14
It's not a fallacy as it is not a logical proof, it is probabilistic reasoning. Given previous evidence that some previous idea was not thought through, you will reassign greater credibility/probability-weight that some future idea is not thought through, on the prior that people do not change easily. Like I said, needs more nuance, it's not black and white, it's multiple gradations of gray
@_date: 2019-06-29 14:51:30
You *could* still do value correlation and timing correlation to guess that two forwarding requests are from the same payment routing attempt.  It's a little harder with route decorrelation since the current same-hash-on-entire-route is definite proof of being on the same route, whereas value and timing correlation could be confused if two different users pay for similarly-priced (or same) items at near the same time, so still an improvement.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:13:17
WTF?  How can you not get it?
PayPal is spelled P A Y P A L.
Libra is spelled L I B R A.
I mean... Libra has the letters B and R and I, and PayPal doesn't have those.  What PayPal has instead is two Ps and a Y.  PayPal also has twice as many As as Libra has (though it has the same number of Ls, so there's that; but then the L in Libra is capitalized while the PayPal letter L isn't).
I mean sure the rest of it is the same but surely the letters in their name are enough to differentiate them?  Like WTF man?
@_date: 2017-11-13 02:42:03
"Dream sale"? Last month I bought below $5800 per BTC. My average cost per BTC is slightly above $2000. Lucky to have gotten a small windfall early this year to get most of my current hodlings at $1400 or thereabouts.
@_date: 2019-06-14 10:35:56
Just your privacy.
While you might trust the payer, you might not want to show *everyone else* who can see the blockchain how much you own in a single address.  Better to split it up across multiple addresses you all control.
It improves your privacy and the privacy of your payer.  With separate addresses there's a chance that the payer looks like they paid multiple times to different entities.  With separate addresses you don't *immediately* broadcast how much is paid to you in total from that payer (though if your wallet has no coin control then the wallet is likely to eventually mix those coins together).
You won't lose money, but you will lose some privacy.
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:53:00
They don't.   They control only what order transactions go onto the blokchain.
Whether a transaction is valid or not is controlled by the fullnode users who select an implementation of the transaction-validity code.
Whether a block is valid or not is controlled by the fullnode users who select an implementation of the block-validity code.
Whether a chain is valid or not is controlled by the fullnode users who select an implementation of the chain-validity code.
What users will choose largely depends on a triumvirate of various properties:
1.  Values inherent to the rules that the program uses (decentralization, security, fairness, efficiency).
2.  What other users value.
3.  What future additional values may be added via the program being used (greater efficiency in value transfer via higher layers, etc)
Miners control only the ordering of transactions.  Don't fall for the misinformation that miners control everything.  Devs made a mistake with SegWit rollout and let miners control whether or not it would activate, but that won't happen again.
@_date: 2017-11-09 10:00:47
CPFP does **not** require miner's altruism: the miner fee rate computed for a CPFP group is the total fees of all transactions in the CPFP group divided by the total size of those transactions.  If the fee rate of a parent and a child transaction is still better than the fee rate of two unrelated transactions, the miner will still earn more mining the CPFP transaction rather than the two unrelated transactions (if a parent transaction pays 1 satoshi and the child pays 1000 satoshi, the miner will prefer the CPFP versus two transactions of similar size paying 500 satoshi each: in the first case he or she earns 1001 satoshi, but only 1000 for the second case, no miner altruism required).
RBF and CPFP are two symmetrical techniques for speeding up transactions by offering higher fees to the miners.
1.  RBF: payer pays the fee.
2.  CPFP: receiver pays the fee.
Removing CPFP removes an option for paying fees.
(also transaction cut-through requires either giving up SCRIPT i.e. MimbleWimble magic, or keeping in touch with your counterparty and telling them to RBF their transaction to someone you will pay to, with completely wrong incentives (you're the one who wants to pay to someone else, why should the one paying you increase the fee he or she pays?)).
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:31:38
TCP.  Or Tor if you prefer that.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:43:22
Pieter Wuille is trying to decide between two implementations with different tradeoffs, which is always hard.  Me, I say toss a coin and get on with it.  Go pester him \^\^.  Note that rolling set commitments are a building block, they aren't a full solution for initial block download yet: we also need to build such partial block downloads on top of that later after they get softforked in.
(one could make a "semi-nonpruned" node start up faster by using the above procedure, start up operation on reaching the tip, then download the rest of the blockchain (for archiving purposes) at lower priority, prioritizing bandwidth for recent transactions rather than historical ones)
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:22:42
The problem is that it isn't sure which is the change and which is the payment.  Satoshi might be paying someone 1 satoshi as an example of dust, or Satoshi might be donating to somebody else and retaining 1 satoshi out of sentiment.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:59:45


Relevant: [the first ever reply to Satoshi Nakamoto on the cypherpunks maililnglist](
@_date: 2019-06-15 10:30:49
Not really. The patent describes only single transfers of money, not chains, and the exchange platform is fully aware that it is working with Bitcoins. It's like saying Satoshi was envisioning the Lightning Network already when he was groping towards payment channels with his broken implementation of `nSequence`.
@_date: 2017-11-06 08:22:47
Okay, so let's consolidate this.
1.  Get the unordered transaction set in the new block via Graphene.
2.  In the UTXO db, insert created UTXO's of the transaction outputs in the unordered transaction set.  Then delete UTXO's that are spent by the unordered transaction set.  If a UTXO for deletion is not in the UTXO db, rollback the modifications and reject the block as invalid.
3.  Put the unordered transaction set into a linked list.
4.  Sort the list of transactions by txid.
5.  Rollback the UTXO db again (!!). // this is needed in order to trivially check if the transaction is in the wrong order below.
6.  Iterate over the list.  If a transaction's input UTXO does not exist in the db yet, unlink the node and put it to the end of the list.  Otherwise, remove the input UTXO from the db and add its outputs to the UTXO db.
7.  Transfer the transaction lists into a transaction array (or whatever the Merkle Tree algo uses)
8.  Generate the Merkle Tree root.
9.  Check it matches with the purported header.  If it does not match, rollback the UTXO db and reject the block as invalid.
Is that OK?  Issues:
1.  O( n^2 ) theoretical, possible DoS vector.  I'm not convinced that 100 million moves can be done in a few milliseconds, may depend on processor cache and so on.  Edit: also the moves themselves may be cheap, it's the checking of the UTXO db over and over that will probably dominate the O( n^2 ) steps.
2.  UTXO db rollback in expected typical "valid block" case.


Push forward here, how would you judge it and keep the algo simple enough that it won't break anything?  The push forward would be uncomfortable with a linked list, while using an array of pointers instead will require quite a bit of memory activity to move array entries.
If we want to make this canonical ordering checked in a softfork that would mean this code would become consensus critical, so that's a lot harder to get into the Core software (consensus bugs are a nightmare the Core devs don't want to have to deal with, so any consensus change will be very sensitive).  If it's not enforced by nodes, then Graphene can only be used by cooperating mining pools.
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:10:08
already responded [on the other thread](  TLDR: Most of the win comes from not retransmitting entire transactions with the block.  Even if Graphene was infinity% smaller, it would at most reduce bandwidth requirement by half.  Compact blocks is simpler and already implemented, Graphene doesn't give x10, it gives x10 of 50% of the bandwidth, at much too high costs (either hardfork to a different ordering, or requiring an O(n log n) canonical ordering pass).
@_date: 2017-11-23 08:23:10
1.  Within the EU.  I live in the Philippines. If you want to pay me, you'll have to pay fees (about ~$13) and probably wait a day.
2.  Yes, it's nice to live in the EU and be able to purchase high-quality EU products.  I live in the Philippines. If I want to buy an EU product I have to do what I mentioned above (pay ~$13 fee, wait a day).  Fortunately Trezor (based in EU) accepts bitcoin and I paid a tiny fee (don't remember, less than a dollar).  They even managed to get it delivered in two days, such joy, I bet a local company would have taken a whole fucking week.
3.  My credit card applies a 5% surcharge on payments not denominated in local fiat, because fuck me, I'm just a fucking third-worlder and therefore a second-class citizen of the Earth and should just bend over and let fuckers fuck me.
4.  When you live in the Philippines, you pay a lot more attention to personal security and security in general.  You learn how to protect your funds yourself, because third world.  Yeah I heard you live in the EU, that's so sweet.  Wish more people lived in a decent country.
5.  \*shrug\* "I have no problem, so you have no problem either."
@_date: 2017-11-09 06:07:45
\*shrug\* I took the opposite position and bought BT1.  I only put a small part of my savings, far less than 10%.  Now that BT2 crashed and BT1 is almost at parity with BTC I've gained about three day's salary in BTC.
My analysis was based on the fact that there are just no devs for B2X compared to BTC.  Getting the flat ratio of BTC devs to B2X devs (100 / 1), the previous month's ratio of 0.85/0.15 meant BT1 was underpriced and BT2 overpriced.
@_date: 2017-11-24 07:42:12
Which 2x node software are you running?  The one that forks at 494783, or the one that forks at 494784?
2X - not just 2X the block size, it's also 2X the hard forks!
@_date: 2019-06-08 10:27:05
Channel updates are changes in on-Lightning fees and opening/closing of channels, and is ***not*** at all tied to transactions (at least for now --- you could in theory change your feerates depending on how the balance in your channels change, but software to do this isn't in common use yet; even so, the risk of leaking information about your channel state can discourage common use of such software).  You cannot reliably know how many transactions occur on Lightning because it's designed that way (source routing, onion routing, etc. etc.).
What you could do would be to launch a large number of public nodes and gather statistics on number of successful forwards per day, then scale it up according to how much larger the network is compared to your own controlled nodes.  This isn't cheap BTW so this kind of information will probably not be provided for free.
@_date: 2019-06-11 04:31:54
Anything that isn't "Some guys developed X, which will improve Bitcoin if deployed" is not a reason to be bullish about Bitcoin.  Sideways at best.
@_date: 2017-11-19 00:53:03
Lots of things go into fee calculation.
1.  Transaction size.  If you have a lot of little received values rather than a few big received values, transaction size increases.  This is not proportional to the actual value sent.  Most wallets don't show UTXOs, which is what the network charges you for.  If you've been doing a lot of receives (say fiat-cost-averaging once a week for a few months) you want to send all of your money to yourself during a low-mempool period to reduce the cost of future spends (this sacrifices some privacy though).
2.  Transaction fees in recent blocks.  This can be gamed during low-mempool periods by a miner who would otherwise mine an empty or almost-empty block padding it with transactions from themselves to themselves paying themselves a high fee rate.
3.  Transaction fees in the mempool.  Again, can be gamed by miners padding it with high fee rate transactions, although they now risk another miner getting the high fees.  However pools with high hashrate proportion take reduced risk here.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:13:27
Possibly the only altcoins that have a decent medium-term future are privacy-focused altcoins like Monero, ZCash (but note that Peter Todd had some legitimate complaints about ZCash build process), and (in the future) Grin/MimbleWimble.
1.  Privacy is current Bitcoin's Achilles Heel; blockchain analysis technologies have become very sophisticated.  That said, higher-layer solutions (particularly LN) will boost up privacy by quite a bit, and some Core devs have plans in the future (maybe 2 or 3 or 4 or more years) of putting a MimbleWimble extension block onto Bitcoin.
2.  Turing-complete smart contracts a la Ethereum tend to lead to nasty bugs (like allowing a random dude to suicide a library contract used to store 300M USD of Ether), and in any case it turns out that it is possible to do two-party Turing-complete smart contracts off-chain with only Bellare-Neven (often miscalled "Schnorr") signatures getting validated on-chain.
3.  Fast confirmations and cheap transaction fees won't hold if the altcoin starts getting used massively.  Bitcoin already deploys many technologies in its backend (most notably compact blocks and the Fast Internet Bitcoin Relay Engine (FIBRE) network) to keep up with the current transaction rate, other altcoins will need to deploy similar networks and improvements to keep up --- protocol settings like block size and block rate need support from the hardware and software that executes the protocol, you can't just change the numbers and expect stable behavior.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:17:51
Somebody will make futures contracts of fork vs legacy.  Miners will follow price.  Easy peasy lemon squeezy.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:19:21
In a cooperative close both of you create a simple unencumbered transaction that splits the channel into your funds.  As it is unencumbered, either or both of you can CPFP it faster, and in the cooperative case the two of you could in theory RBF it faster (although no such mechanism currently exists in BOLT 1.0).
In the noncooperative case, yes, you're kinda stuck.  Note however that "never confirm" is unlikely, just very long to confirm (and if you're going to have to do an uncooperative close, you also have an additional wait time before you can actually spend the funds too).  This should encourage you to make many small channels to spread risk rather than a few large channels.
@_date: 2019-06-28 08:50:08
Depends on how many people are working on it.  The fact that there's at least two currently-viable proposals (Base and Original) means you're already splitting the devs into camps instead of getting them to pull together.  P.S. Base is better than Original, this is my completely unbiased assessment of the matter.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:55:19


Expanding on this, what LN and other second-layer solutions (including trustless private atomic coin swaps (cross-chain coin swaps for decentralized exchanges, same-chain coin swaps for decentralized tumblers)) need is not a transaction malleability fix, but a way to refer to an unsigned transaction.
This is because all such protocols involve a "funding transaction" on the blockchain which outputs to a 2-of-2 multisig.  The 2-of-2 multisig is the point at which the exact protocol is executed on.  This ensures privacy since if the protocol is completed cooperatively, the result is a spend of a 2-of-2 multisig that is indistinguishable from every other 2-of-2 multisig spend, so a blockchain analyzer can't determine if a protocol (LN, exchange, tumbler) was used or not, and which protocol was used.
However, to ensure trustlessness, these protocols need to retain some transactions off-chain in case of non-cooperation of the counterparty.  These transactions ensure that the protocol is correctly followed, and in case of stalling or misbehavior, the off-chain transactions get pushed onto the blockchain.  If the parties on the protocol cooperate, at completion of the protocol (in LN, on closure of the channel) the parties generate the lightweight transactions that perform simple spends of the 2-of-2 to the correct destination and push those, rather than the complicated heavy contracts that ensure correct behavior.
Further, the sequence of transactions needs to be signed in reverse order, to ensure that either the protocol is definitely started, or that the protocol definitely fails (and the parties keep their funds).  This means that the funding transaction needs to be written, then at least one transaction must be able to refer to the funding transaction while the funding transaction is still unsigned.
Unfortunately, in legacy Bitcoin, the transaction ID includes any signatures it contains.  This means that an unsigned transaction's ID is different from a signed transaction's ID.
SegWit segregates the witnesses.  The witness is the signatures of the transaction.  This means that the transaction ID used to refer to a transaction specifically ignores the signatures on the transaction.  So an unsigned SegWit transaction's ID is exactly the same as the signed SegWit transaction's ID.
Since on legacy transactions changing the "shape" of signatures also has the side effect of  changing the transaction ID, segregating the witness also has the side-effect of fixing the major unintended transaction malleability.
But strictly speaking the second-layer solutions won't work, or will not be trustless or not be private, if it is not possible to refer to an unsigned transaction ID with the same ID as te signed version.
SegWit thus includes:
1.  Transaction malleability fix (a major wart of the protocol).
2.  Ability to refer to unsigned transactions to enable the "funding transaction" pattern for second-layer protocols.
3.  Blocksize increase (by reweighting the signatures to be 1/4 the weight).
4.  Incentivizes deleting UTXOs versus adding UTXOs (in pre-SegWit BTC, an input (deletes UTXO) cost about 140 bytes while an output (adds UTXO) cost about 34, the reweighting makes the equivalent nearer to 40 bytes for inputs and 34 for outputs).
5.  Opt-in.
6.  Soft fork, and thus safer to deploy than a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-11-22 06:58:46
Proof-of-stake is a bicycle chained to itself to prevent the bike from being stolen.  The idea is that the amount of coin you currently have, at a particular point in the blockchain, denotes a controlling interest in the "next step" of the blockchain.  How it's implemented is essentially a deterministic lottery where one of the coin owners is selected, and that coin owner gets to define the next step.  Now a trick here is called the "stake-grinding" attack.  The lottery is seeded from the hash of the previous block (I'm eliding some details here but bear with me).  Suppose I get selected to make the current block.  The current block is the previous block of the next block.  I can grind through possible current blocks (by changing my fee payout address, or doing some other trivial manipulation like changing the order of transactions, or by using something like OP_RETURN outputs, or malleating signatures, or whatever, etc) until the hash of the current block causes the lottery of the next block to select me again.  Then I have control over the blockchain forever by essentially making a 100% power attack (because nobody else on the blockchain was bothering to do stake-grinding, meaning they have 0% computing power on the blockchain).
Proof-of-space is essentially a variant of proof-of-work.  Proof-of-space essentially forces miners to generate a large block of deterministically random data and write it to disk, and then prove it by taking a deterministically random subset of that data to prove that you did the computation and stored it.  In principle, however, because there is a root seed to generate the initial deterministically random data, you could have instead made a very large circuit that computes each possible byte in the initial data and operate that circuit, effectively being just proof-of-work.  Heck, updating a disc sector with data and reading it afterward takes work!
Proof-of-time, haven't heard of.  But in principle this is probably just proof-of-work by another name.  In physics, all interactions (except gravity) are reversible in time.  The arrow of time, however, points from states with low entropy (more extreme distributions of energy) to states with high entropy (more equal distributions of energy).  So we know that time passes if we observe a state of greater entropy: if we watch a video of broken vase spontaneously re-forming itself, we know that it's actually a video of a breaking vase being run backwards, because entropy increases with time.  So we can define time as "something we measure by observing low-entropy states become high-entropy states", e.g. sand falling through an hourglass, a windup clock ticking and losing the energy in its winding, a computer clock consuming electricity to advance the time counter of your computer.  Proof-of-work, essentially, is proof that something with low entropy became higher entropy (an electrical charge from your power supply passed through your computation circuits, slightly reducing the difference in voltage between the two prongs of your electrical plug), and is therefore a proof that time also passed (because it could not have been made without the expenditure of work, which leads to the creation of entropy, and the increase of entropy is what orients the arrow of time from past to future).
(the fact that the arrow of time is oriented from states of low entropy to states of high entropy implies that we can't really have anything better than proof-of-work; we just need to become very efficient so that we cause as little additional entropy as possible for every proof we need to generate.)
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:56:18
Well, there's entropy (reduction in energy differentials, increasing randomization, reduced structure...), and that's always going to increase over time, eventually leading to heat death of the universe.
The so-called "arrow of time" appears to be defined according to the direction of increasing entropy.
Consider how an hourglass works: it lets sand fall through until all the sand in one half of the hourglass has reached the other half.  That is, the energy differential of the sand particles on the higher half of the hourglass (relative to the bottom of the hourglass) reduces by falling to the lower half.  That is, it measures an increase in entropy.
Consider how a windup spring clock works: a tightly-wound metal coil moves a variety of gears that release its stored energy in a controlled manner to move clock hands.  Again, an increase in entropy is measured and we know that time passes.
Consider how a computer clock works: electricity passes through a crystal, vibrating it as the electrical charge passes through and reduces the energy differential at the power source (thereby draining current from the mains power supply), and that vibration is measured and used to update computer memory (which takes electrical current to update and maintain).  Again, an increase in entropy is measured to define the passage of time.
And that is what a blockchain is.  Each block required work to produce --- and that work cannot be done in the physics of our universe without an increase in entropy (try working and not getting tired!).  Thus a proof that work was done, is a proof that entropy increased, is a proof that time passed.  A chain of such blocks indicates that the longer chain has more proof of time passing.  And in the end, a blockchain is really that: a timestamping service.  By this timestamping service, we show that a transaction was done in the past, definitely done and over with as more confirmations arrive, and therefore a later conflicting transaction is invalid.
The double-spending problem is unsolvable without proof of the passage of time, and the proof that time actually passed, is in fact the proof of work.
@_date: 2017-11-20 08:57:52
Blockstream is doing Blockstream Satellite to help people get around potential Net Neutrality issues; you receive blocks via satellite, which is a majority of what fullnodes do.
Transactions are small enough that you can transmit them over SMS or public radio; you just need to somehow get them to some point where the Net Neutrality laws allow Bitcoin transactions, or to a miner.
@_date: 2017-11-15 11:48:03
There is no concrete proposal yet. What I *imagine* is that there will be multiple Lightnjng Nodes that will advertise exchange capability. You select an exchange with the most favorable exchange rate. Each exchange will by themselves try to move in sync with the exchange rate using whatever algorithm they find best, because if they don't someone will arbitrage and drain them of funds.
In short, capitalism ho!
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:11:10
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:19:31
We could do that.  We build a safety deposit box that is locked by a hash or a PIN, and can only be unlocked if you enter the preimage.  And when the preimage is entered, it broadcasts the preimage somewhere (or the company running the service puts it on their website, whatever).  If after a timeout the preimage is not entered, it can be unlocked again by the PIN.
Let's say Alice wants fiat for their bitcoin, and Bob wants bitcoin for their fiat.  Alice generates a preimage, hashes it, gives hash to Bob.  Bob rents a safety deposit box, puts fiat inside, enters hash and locks it with the PIN.  Alice generates a hashlocked timelocked contract for the Bitcoin, then goes to the safety deposit box, enters preimage to get at the money, and also publishing the preimage for Bob to use to claim the Bitcoin.
Can also be used for any small items to be sold for Bitcoin, not just Bitcoin-fiat trades.
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:45:17
\*shrug\* I hope you did due diligence, anyway.  I myself prefer a Trezor as I value the open-source aspect (I can in theory build a Trezor myself as a DIY project since the program and circuitry are all open-source or commodity available, can't do the same with Nano).  I also used to work for an IC development company, so that should make you wonder too. \^\^
@_date: 2017-11-05 07:41:31
Does the recipient have a BDO   bank acct? Localbitcoins.com usually has buyers that will pay by bank deposit.
@_date: 2017-11-28 10:16:45


@_date: 2019-06-06 01:09:05
Actually we can use a decrementing `nSequence` (Decker-Wattenhofer) instead of eltoo (Decker-Russell-Osuntokun) if `SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT`/`SIGHASH_NOINPUT` does not push through
@_date: 2019-06-22 03:09:03
Your analysis is similar to idiots who profile lottery numbers, realize that some random number has been picked less often than what statistics would predicy, then bet everything on that number because "surely the law of averages means it will becone more likely in the future".
That's not how reality works.
@_date: 2019-06-21 08:56:30
What do you mean inputs/outputs?  Schnorr just validates a message according to a public key, possibly with the signature and/or public key committing to some message, and possibly leaking information secretly to observers who know some partial information.  ***What*** do you mean by inputs/outputs?
@_date: 2019-06-15 04:22:19
Trust in Tether &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Trust in Fed, so the additional risk in Tether is negligible.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:00:20
Don't trust.  Verify.  This applies to more than just Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:44:34
A functional language like 
Well, it's not Turing-complete (Turing-completeness is a liability for security; heck even just concatenation is a liability due to being able to double the storage space for every concatenation instruction, hence why OP_CAT is disabled in Bitcoin).  But it's slightly more powerful than Bitcoin SCRIPT and more analyzable.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:53:24
Well, a hardware wallet is basically an offline environment, so yes, that's enough.  I suppose if you are technically capable of doing the setting up yourself, rip out the Wifi antenna and cover the WLAN in tape, that could end up cheaper (if you have a spare computer you would otherwise not use) than buying a hardware wallet for 89Euro.
@_date: 2017-11-22 23:34:33
A winning block rewards (currently, will be halved in 2020) 12.5BTC plus transaction fees.
So if you are solo mining it's more like you get to mine a block on average once every 10 years or so.
Note however that mining pools offer a way to smoothen this out.  They basically hire your hashpower, paying for some average number of hashes you make, in exchange for you giving up the right to assemble the blocks yourself (note that giving up this right hurts decentralization).  They get a lot of hashpower from their hiring with which they can manipulate the blockchain, you get a more consistent income stream.
(indeed, it's useful to use the term "miner" for those entities who retain the right to assemble blocks, and "grinder" for those entities who rent out their hashpower to miners, rather than calling them "mining pools" and "miners".)
More precisely, not all miners force grinders to sacrifice their right to assemble blocks.  P2Pool has no central authority that assembles blocks, it has a novel "share chain" that lets individual miners coordinate with each other and share the reward, while still allowing the lucky winner to be the one to assemble the rest of the block; however P2Pool consumes some space on the blockchain to store the share chain.
Mining pools measure grinder hashpower via "shares".  Basically, shares target a difficulty that is some lower percentage of the current Bitcoin mining difficulty.  When a grinder submits a share, the mining pool credits some amount of money (often stored off-chain with the mining pool, too) to the grinder.  Thus even if you rent out your hashpower to a mining pool you might only get a share once every few days, depending on your hashpower and exactly how much a share is.
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:54:56


Well, I suppose it's possible to reduce CPFP to up to some number of tx long, although that would increase verification effort (you'd need to keep track of CPFP length for each transaction in a block).  I'm not convinced completely removing CPFP is for the better, though.


So does P2SH: the receiver pays for publishing the redeemScript, and transactions are now longer since there is an extra hash involved.  Although I guess 20 bytes is negligible compared to transaction sizes, so my argument is pointless.
Dunno about you but if I were a BTC-accepting company that delivers real-world products (and in practice delivery will take time anyway so *why* are BTC-accepting companies requiring confirmations within 30 minutes, wtf) I would support CPFP for my customer's stuck transactions paying me as an extra service to them.  If during my workday's "handle pending orders" bit, I find a bunch of customers with stuck transactions for their orders, I could batch spends of those stuck transactions together into a transaction that pays to cold-storage/my suppliers/my employees, and pays a hefty fee for CPFP of my customer's txs.  But then I've never actually managed to start a lucrative business, so probably I'm just giving too much to my customers.
And yes RBF should always be on and never disabled for UX, sheesh.
@_date: 2017-11-20 08:52:13
Goddamn reality and its liberal bias!
@_date: 2017-11-09 11:25:29
You don't understand.
1. Lightning channels have no lifetime. You do **not** need to close channels once a month. Really old designs from 3 or 4 years ago had lifetimes to avoid tx malleability but that got fixed by SegWit.
2. Refinancing channels is needed only if you have no funds on Lightning at all. Otherwise you are better off keeping any depleted channels in case someone routes through you. Presumably if you get paid in fiat you can get money from an exchange via Ligjtning, which will top up your channels again. Or maybe get paid your salary on Lightning.
3. Channels involve two people, so your on chain fee computation should be halved.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:29:13
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:40:24
I REALLY TAKE OFFENCE THAT YOU THINK I AM A SOCKPUPPET \_|\_
@_date: 2019-06-30 10:47:13
This gets into heavy tech stuff.
A very rough lie-to-children would be that P2WPKH is just P2PKH, but for SegWit.  And P2WSH is just P2SH, but for SegWit.
Somewhat more accurately, but still a lie-to-children, P2SH (pay to SCRIPT hash) means that the receiver will, on spending, provide a SCRIPT that, when hashed, should be executed to determine the validity of a transaction.  The reason for adding P2SH is to better support multisignature.
Now, multisignature on current Bitcoin requires that we publish all the pubkeys involved.
Suppose we wanted to pay somebody, and that somebody wants to use a 2-of-3 multisignature.  That means we have to embed the 3 pubkeys involved in the SCRIPT that protects the coin that we are creating for the receiver.
The problem is that the SCRIPT is published on the transaction created by the sender.  This means that any fee used by the sender to send the transaction is increased, because publishing 3 pubkeys is 3 times as large as publishing a single pubkey.
So, in the old days before P2SH, the sender ended up paying for the receiver's security, which was intuitively wrong.
So instead, P2SH was created.  In this, only the hash of the receiver's SCRIPT is attached to the coin.  Then the receiver, if he or she wants to spend the coin, has to publish the SCRIPT containing the 3 pubkeys (or however many the receiver wants to use).  The receiver here is now the one who is credited for putting more pubkeys onchain, which is fine because it's that entity who is enjoying the improved security of having multisignature.
And P2WSH is just the SegWit version of P2SH while P2WPKH is just the SegWit version of P2PKH.
If you want to be more technical and go beyond ELI5, P2SH, P2WPKH, and P2WSH are now special sequences of SCRIPT which are not ***interpreted***; when recognized, special behavior is triggered instead.
For example, if you read the P2SH SCRIPT template completely literally, it just says "give me the data blob that when hashed, matches this 256-bit hash I have".  No signatures, no mentions that the data blob is to be interpreted as a SCRIPT, just that literal "gimme a blob, if it matches my hash then fine you can spend it".
But what really happens is that Bitcoin will recognize the template and trigger the P2SH behavior.  The data blob is really the SCRIPT to be executed, and that SCRIPT can demand more data, like "give me 2 signatures for this transaction from these 3 pubkeys I have" (i.e. a 2-of-3 multisig).
For P2WPKH and P2WSH, it's even more radical.  P2WPKH the SCRIPT is just "I have this 1-byte data and this 160-bit data" while P2WSH is just "I have this 1-byte data and this 256-bit data".  Obviously those are going to always pass ("anyone-can-spend") if you interpret them *completely literally*.
Again, what really happens is that Bitcoin recognizes those patterns.  If it recognizes a P2WPKH then it will look for a section of the transaction called the "witness area" (the "segregated witness" of SegWit fame).  Then it will look for a single pubkey and a signature for the transaction.
If it recognizes a P2WSH then it will look for the witness area and expect a SCRIPT, together with any additional data the SCRIPT demands from the entity spending this coin.
Hope you got all that :) yeah it's technical.
@_date: 2017-11-26 12:07:56
is quite correct. You lock funds to channels and can get it out of there and onchain (but requires confirmations because of the chain overhead). Or you could spend those coins on-Lightning, with much lower fees and faster receives. Note that you can use channel funds on anything connected directly or indirectly on that channel, too.
The common claim that Lightning will centralize around banks conflates LN with older scaling plans.
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:34:06
Oh fuck!  Except for 4 digits and the ordering, it's exactly the same as mine!  crypto-pig, are you psychic or psychotic?
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:27:44
For 5 BTC, please, don't leave them on an exchange.  Exchanges have been hacked, disappeared completely, or randomly frozen user accounts for no good reason; somebody could figure out your exchange password or send you to a phishing link.
Consider using a hardware wallet, which combines reasonable ease-of-use with pretty good security.  Currently a Trezor hardware wallet costs only 14.34 mBTC (=0.01434BTC), with express delivery in a few days it's only 19.72mBTC (=0.01972BTC).  That's a tiny fraction of your current hodlings, consider it a "protection fee" for your coins.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:13:12
is working on Rolling Set Commitments.  The plan is that some future softfork will require UTXO sets of the blockchain state at the start (or end, whatever) of a block.  Rolling Set Commitments allow member insertion, member deletion, and comparison if two commitments represent the same set, but not query (so you still need to get the UTXO set somewhere else, but at least you could believe that the UTXO set is committed to somewhere).  The advantage of Rolling Set Commitments is that it does not impose an ordering (if you just took the hash of the UTXOs set, you need to give some canonical ordering, which may be inconvenient for alternative implementations to provide).
The plan, vaguely, is something like this:
1.  Every miner commits to the UTXO set in the coinbase.
2.  Fullnodes periodically "snapshot" the UTXO set (i.e. save a copy of the UTXO set).
3.  You start up a "semi-pruned" node and ask a fullnode for an old-enough UTXO set snapshot (the older the better (more proof-of-work to falsify), but older means you need to download more blocks on top).
4.  You download the block for which the UTXO set snapshot was made and committed in.
5.  You check the UTXO set snapshot matches the commitment.
6.  Assume the UTXO set is valid if it matches, then download additional blocks on top of that.


It's called the blockchain tip.
It's the UTXO set we need to generate from the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-11-05 08:09:22
Mining is infeasible in many places. Electricity rates here are twice what I've seen you quote and this is a tropical country so I need to run an aircon 24/7 just for the miners, which means more electricity costs.
@_date: 2019-06-21 08:24:43
Yellow tomcat.
@_date: 2017-11-08 08:17:01


But it was already foreseen: 
And I quote:












The thing is: blockchains don't scale, like, at all.  Ever.  However, higher layers involving payment channels and routing networks (Lightning Network) are more likely to be scalable, it's just that they need something to back them up.  That something is the blockchain.
1.  Blockchain: slow, expensive, low-tx-rate, but is trustless.
2.  Payment network: Requires trust in some more-permanent- layer that enforces smart contracts, but is fast, low-fee, and very scalablee.
By making the "lower layer" for a payment network a blockchain, we can take advantage of the strengths of each (trustless decentralization for blockchains, speed for distributed payment networks) to cover the weakness of the other.
Indeed, Satoshi Nakamoto added smart-contract functionality precisely because it was pretty obvious that blockchains won't scale: it's just that blockchains are decentralized and trustless.  There are bits and pieces of old Bitcoin functionality which allows creation of payment channels, it's just that these bits and pieces (`nLockTime` and `nSequence`) sucked, and in addition were vulnerable to the transaction malleability bug.  Now we've modified `nLockTime` and `nSequence` to the SCRIPT opcodes `OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY` and `OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY`, and fixed the transaction malleability bug (SegWit), and now we can start building the payment channel network on top of the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:43:53
I'm a nobody, although I aspire to eventually become a Core dev myself someday (when BTC has risen enough that I can afford to quit my day job and work on BTC instead), hence why I try to digest as much knowledge as possible from already-contributing Core devs.
@_date: 2019-06-14 10:02:47
1.  "inflation is good" is most strongly pushed by central banks, who get the newly-printed money *before* everybody in the economy does.  This unfairness cannot be tolerated.  Even if "inflation is good", the central bank should give the new money away fairly to all humans, not give it to itself and those who suck up to it.  The severe con of this moral hazard outweighs what little good inflation gives. "Why would i ever spent my bitcoin if i[t] can buy more tomorrow?" Suppose your fridge and cupboard has no more food today.  Would you rather keep your bitcoin because you can buy more food tomorrow or are you going to do the sensible thing?  You can't eat money, you can't fuck money, you can't sleep under money, you can't take a money pill for your colds, etc. etc. you have to spend money to get all those.  And all economic activity is human activity, and all human activity is in the end about sustaining human life, so that is enough to sustain an economy that advances.
2.  Electrum now uses mBTC by default, some releases ago it defaulted to BTC.  You just shift some zeros.
3.  That's why we're developing Lightning Network.  Blockchains are inefficient and require ***shittons*** of data.  Lightning Network lets the data use be limited to only participants in a transaction, reducing the amount of data that is transmitted.  Since what you're really paying for is the amount of data you need to push at people in order to settle your payment, Lightning reduces fees by reducing total bandwidth usage.  Will it take a lot of time to further develop Lightning Network? Yes.  Great things take time, Rome wasn't built in a day, etc.
4.  There is *currently* a limit of 100,000,000 satoshis per Bitcoin.  Lightning Network splits each satoshi to 1,000  more millisatoshis, because it's offchain and can do such things by simply negotiating between LN node peers.  That divisiblty limit can be increased by a variety of means later, including hardforks, some sufficiently-clever softfork, or just offchain like Lightning does.
5.  Improving UX of the wallet software, creating fullnode / wallet appliances that users just "plug and it works".
1. No.  Confirming transactions requires confirming every previous transaction involved, and that means processing the entire chain.  Many devices would prefer a very weak microcontroller than unnecessarily increase the cost of the device.  ***Nothing of value is free***.  ***There ain't no such thing as a free lunch!*** TANSTAAFL
2.  No.  All governments use taxes levied on its citizens.  One of those taxes is the inflation tax, where the central bank gives governments some newly-minted money as part of the central bank budget.  This is effectively a tax on savings and prevents citizens from saving up money so they can eventually invest in their own business (instead forcing them to spend their money ***today*** and grow the businesses of others, further strengthening entrenched corporate interests --- this borks third-worlders like me even worse, because most established businesses today are first-worlder businesses draining our countries to enrich theirs --- the low apparent inflation of USD and EUR is due to shifting some of the inflation effect to third-worlder's fiat currencies by this mechanism).  The loss of this tax money would be too painful for most governments to begin considering.  Revolution to overthrow a government is usually a worse proposition than to simply endure a government, because Second Law of Thermodynamics (i.e. every little change is more likely to break everything than to improve anything i.e. there are far more possible future states with more chaos than today).
3.  No comment.
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:01:56
Sure, sure.  I develop Lightning Network software in my spare time.  I could probably do more if I had a sponsor paying for it.  How about you exchange some BTCs for my effort in actually making LN work better so that we can exchange smaller amounts more efficiently?
Or develop yourself, if you have the skills.
If you're not willing to dev, or pay someone to dev, your complaining is 100% pointless.  We can't exchange BTC for services/products easily yet until we have sufficiently stable software stacks supporting it.
@_date: 2019-06-13 11:06:48
More Lightning support.
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:55:38
Technically, "3" means P2SH.  "1" means P2PKH.  These are legacy, pre-SegWit addresses.
One of the ways to use SegWit is using P2SH-P2WPKH, which is just another kind of P2SH.  This was provided for compatibility with legacy wallets which support P2PKH and P2SH.  Trezor uses P2SH-P2WPKH, which is why your addresses now start with "3".
The "real" SegWit address, P2WPKH, uses a far different encoding (bech32) and starts with "bt1".  P2WPKH is not case-sensitive (unlike the older P2SH and P2PKH), which is important for QR codes as well as dictating the address over a voice line.  However, only Electrum wallet today supports sending to P2WPKH.  Almost all other wallets support only P2PKH or P2SH.
Thus, Trezor uses a "legacy-compatible" mode for SegWit.  Hopefully someday enough wallets support full P2WPKH (because P2WPKH is even smaller to spend than P2SH-P2WPKH).
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:53:31
Well, yes, he demonstrated something very simple.  He also claims that Dryja's Discreet Log Contracts are a form of Scriptless Script, and given the math involved, yes, I think you can squint a bit and think of DLC as Scriptless Script.  In DLC, you and your counterparty agree on an oracle and the payouts to each party based on the oracle's each possible output data on a specific future date.
This can be converted to a Turing-complete contracting system with a single oracle input by:
1.  Agree on a program that inputs an oracle value and outputs a payout distribution (i.e. N BTC goes to you, O BTC goes to him).
2.  Execute the program on each possible oracle output value (this must be enumerable as per DLC).  Both you and your counterparty execute the program independently.
3.  Both of you now have a mapping (oracle -&gt; (mymoney, yourmoney)), compare them.  IF there's a discrepancy, abort, one of you is cheating or has a screw loose in your CPU.
4.  Build the payout transactions as per your agreed-upon mapping as well as the backout transaction (which is needed if the oracle fails to publish/goes down).
5.  Build and sign the funding transaction.
The net effect is that only the two of you know the contents and results of the Turing-complete, oracle-based smart contract.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:03:40
Dumping one or the other requires some UTXO-splitting transaction that gets confirmed on one chain but is not confirmed on the other, doesn't matter which one has an additional transaction and which one doesn't.  It's perfectly symmetrical.  Downgrading OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY to OP_NOP might hurt some automated programs written before the split occurs, though.
@_date: 2017-11-06 06:04:17
He rolled his eyes upwards and made a guesstimate of how much size the ordering would require.  Providing the ordering is exactly what Compact Blocks does.  So I doubt he'll get 50% of Compact Blocks if full ordering is needed (hint: full ordering is needed due to Merkle Tree).
@_date: 2019-06-13 09:06:32
On the other hand, try looking at [gwern]([timelocked encryption](  Basically you can publish an encrypted blob of the data you want to publish at some point in the future, then release the encryption key as an expensive mathematical puzzle that is hard to solve (requires solving in sequence) but easy to create (can be generated in parallel).
Anyone who wants to get access to the encrypted data has to grind the encryption key.
You can then monetize this by accepting an HTLC (or equivalent in Scriptless Script if you want to be cool), where the preimage is a later stage of the encryption key grind, making it easier to grind the encryption key (speeding up the release of the information).  It's an HTLC so that if you end up not releasing the later stage of the encryption key grind, the payer can recover its funds.  This is something of the reverse of what you propose: you offer to get paid to *speed up* the release of information.
It still leaves the issue of "how do you prove the information is actually valuable".  Maybe if it's the release of a game, you could have a zk-proof that a particular demo video is generated from running the game binary that is encrypted? Haha.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:22:11
It's optimizing the wrong thing: 
@_date: 2019-06-21 04:49:41
Block timestamps are fixed by the miner and cannot be moved.
Transactions have no timestamps.  Particular explorers might attach timestamps to particular transactions but transactions have no timestamps.
@_date: 2019-06-13 09:25:34
Tell me about your relationship with your father.
@_date: 2019-06-04 02:17:00
First, learn the difference between a patent and a copyright. The shitty term "intellectual property" merges them but the laws around them are quite different.
Whar CW has is not even a copyright, but instead a copyright registration. It *could* be used as evidence to show that a text existed at the time of registration, but is not a copyright by itself.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:36:29
Lightning Network will add 3 more decimal places and if the price rises really quickly it may be possible to add more.
@_date: 2019-10-01 01:11:40
So?  Again the entire point is to say &lt;100% is **needed**, because that's what I was responding to, a claim that 100% is needed for a censorship attack.  It's not.
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:06:13
The channels get forked and the state should get foeked too. It's complicated and the current software doesn't handle this case. The existence or nonexistence of replay protection will be messy.
@_date: 2017-11-29 01:43:22
TEACH THE CONTROVERSY
@_date: 2019-06-28 03:37:04
If they stalk you, sure.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:48:06
So have *you* done anything lately to make Lightning go to production faster?
Otherwise this "we" you keep using is.... what?
@_date: 2019-06-30 22:51:51
Fees are a function of usage divided by blocksize.  Number of fullnodes does not factor into this, except for the known correlation that reduced blocksize increases number of fullnodes.  Increased number of fullnodes improves network security and reduces spying and Sybil (data denial) attacks.
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:42:19
Coinbase knows everything you do with their wallet, obviously. So no privacy there.
For your mobile wallet, if you are recreating the keys, then anyone non-Coinbase cannot connect them especially since you leave the change behind. It won't matter whether it uses HD or not.
But Coinbase knows everything you do. You can take it as a matter of course that it's logging every withdrawal you make. And there is at least one employee who can snag a copy of that log.
That information can be used to improve analyses of your addresses, HD or SegWit or not.
Use Wasabi or JoinMarket before transferring to your mobile wallet.
TLDR don't worry about HD or SegWit. Worry about Coinbase. Use Wasabi.
@_date: 2017-11-07 03:45:53
1.  Turing-complete smart contracts are overrated.  To be useful (not counting gambling smart contracts), they need an oracle (i.e. some connection to the outside world that provides outside-world data).  It's the securing of oracles that's the real interesting problem, not Turing completeness.
2.  Turing-completeness is a liability.  Principle of Least Power in security means that we should use the ***least*** powerful language for smart contracts: prefer html and CSS over JavaScript; prefer declarative languages over imperative ones.  TheDAO shows how much of a liability Turing-completeness is.
3.  TheDAO bailout shows how little principles Ethereum has.  "Ethereum Foundation on verge of second bailout for TheDAO investors." is the new genesis headline.
4.  Inflationary issuance.  'nuff said.
@_date: 2019-06-08 02:39:29


The full text was this:


@_date: 2019-06-12 08:15:28


Every node's mempool is potentially different. Your rule ignores the propagation delay of txs and blocks.
Suppose all nodes have empty mempools. Then I propagate a low-fee tx to a bunch of miners directly, and simultaneously propagate a different high-fee tx to some fullnodes far from any miners. If I do this enough times, then I have a nonzero chance that the miners will include my low-fee tx while some fullnodes have already seen my high-fee tx. Those fullnodes will reject that block, splitting the network. The question of "which was propagated first" is hard to settle on a distributed network. It's why we give the choice to miners, who we can depend upon to be rational economic actors (if they weren't, they'd be bankrupt and sold their mining hardware by now).
No rule can be dependent on anything that is not commiitted to on the blockchain. The existence of a higher-fee tx at the time a block containing a lower-fee tx is mined is not committed on the blockchain.
Blocks cannot commit to the mempool because, guess what, a block is just a commitment to a set of transactions. The mempool is a set of transactions. The mempool is also not limited except by available memory. This means effectively increasing the block size, because now you are committing to more data. Which is untenable for other reasons.
Always remember that data propagation is never instantaeneous.
@_date: 2017-11-29 01:44:29
According to this picture, God secretly approves of GAY LOVE.
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:29:12
sipa (knows all the Math, I've seen him teaching on  and never figured out what the hell he was talking about.  is frikkin developing the Math behind MimbleWimble (and I suspect him of being Jedusor), and is apparently working on further Scriptless Script magic somewhere in the back of his brain so that we won't even need Bitcoin SCRIPT to write smart contracts, just specially-constructed Bellare-Neven signatures that leak certain bits of information to certain parties when published on the blockchain so that other transactions are enabled, so we can now make "if this happens, then that happens, else this other thing happens" smart contracts without requriing consensus code to execute programs.  I've seen gmax (occassionally comment on the mathy bits too.  Tadge (also explores the Math, sometimes crossing paths with andytoshi (e.g. andytoshi claims Tadge's DLC is an example of Scriptless Script, although I haven't seen Tadge agree, but then I tend to stalk andytoshi and sipa more).  The Math behind Bellare-Neven signatures occassionaly comes up on bitcoin-dev and  by various people who I can't remember (well, they're not andytoshi or sipa, because they often come oline and break down the math into little bits that those people can understand and which ***I*** still can't understand, LOL); my understanding is that some Core devs (never really found out who, haha) stumbled on how Schnorr doesn't actually extend correctly to the multisignature case (something something signature cancellation mumble mumble), did some figuring and fudging, got something that looked like it extended correctly to the multisignature case and could do interactive signature aggregation to boot, published it, then somebody else pointed out the Bellare-Neven paper, which not only looked a lot like their work, but was done earlier (ha, ha) and had an actual frikkin proof that it was correct.  There's some minor differences between the Schnorr-fudged-to-work-correctly-in-multisig and the details of the Bellare-Neven paper (something something hash before concatenation vs something something concatenation before hashing something something), so we might actually call it Schnorr signatures after all, haha.
@_date: 2017-11-10 05:15:33
1. Nothing at stake. A winning staker can legitimately sign multiple versions of the same block.
2. Stake grinding. A winning staker can try various manipulations of nonces so that it will become the stake winner again.
Both of the above are impossible with proof of work: to sign multiple blocks the miner needs a lot more hashpower, and it can't affect the nonce generation of other miners.
PoS try to use things like checkpoints but unless checkpoints are attested in a proof of work they are in practice proof of developer.
@_date: 2017-11-22 23:51:01
Proof-of-stake is vulnerable to nothing-at-stake (also called "costless simulation") and stake-grinding.  Ironically both of those attacks require repeatedly hashing until you achieve some target, meaning that performing those attacks and protecting against it requires.... proof-of-work.
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:49:31
Proof-of-work change softfork.
Create another chain anchored to some long-enough time in the past (say Bitcoin Independence Block last August 1).  This chain's headers contain commitments to block snapshots of the Bitcoin chain (so the header contains (BitcoinBlockchain header hash || prevSecondchainHeaderHash || difficulty || 256-bit nonce)).  This is the "snapshot" chain.  Use an alternative proof-of-work hashing algorithm to mine it (one which miners currently don't specialize in, e.g. not SHA256d and not scrypt).  Add a consensus rule that the Bitcoin blockchain is only accepted if the tip of the Bitcoin blockchain is a descendant or ancestor of the header hash committed to in the longest snapshotchain.
This increases the cost of a history-rewriting attack.
NOTE: The above idea is not serious.  Please do not think of it as an actual proposal.
Or alternatively, just run a fullnode (SPV nodes have much larger attack surfaces) and increase your accepted confirmations, which increases the cost of a history-rewrite attack.
@_date: 2017-11-13 05:52:47
Lightning can only work on a limited size blockchain. 
Miners will get rewarded as the chain remains the onramp.
The fact that miners, when given the power to cancel upgrades, transformed it into a political tool to push for big blocks, suggests to me that anything that gives more power to miners will be used similarly. Hence why I cannot support sidechains that give  the power to outright steal backing funds to miners.
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:09:18
Storage wallet can't be withdrawn directly from.  BTC Wallet can be withdrawn directly from.  To withdraw from the Storage wallet, you request funds to be moved from the Storage to your BTC wallet.  This is delayed for 12 hours (dunno exact time, I'm not a Coinbase user).  The request will also be sent to your email.
The use case is if in case your account is hacked.  Your BTC wallet can be emptied ASAP.  However your Storage wallet will not be so easy to empty, and you will also get alerted if you check your email.
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:27:07
One can argue that the only thing smart contracts need to do is a conditional "should I give the money to this guy, or that guy".
HTLCs (hashlocked timelocked contracts), used in atomic swaps (cross-chain for trustless crypto exchanges, within-chain for tumbling) and Lightning Network routing (arguably a "cross-payment-channel swap"), for example, has the simple logic "If this guy publishes the answer to this question I have (hash lock), he gets the money.  Otherwise after some time (time lock) that other guy gets the money."
Lightning is being worked on, partly, by Blockstream (they have 1.5 guys on it, dunno where they got the 0.5 guy, I hope he isn't like split in half, I believe the 1.0 guy is Rusty Russell).  Now you might say Blockstream isn't an enterprise, it's a bunch of open source devs who got a loan so they could keep working on open source software all day everyday and maybe someday pay it back, but there's that.
Discreet Log Contracts (by Thaddeus Dryja, he's an academic I think, don't remember the institution) will allow more flexibility ("Depending on an oracle's future output, I follow this formula to determine how to distribute the money to these two guys"), and all that would need is support for Bellare-Neven (more commonly miscalled "Schnorr") signatures.  You don't even need to run the formula on the blockchain, the two guys doing the contract run the formula and check each other's results before committing to the contract and doing signatures.
(Andrew Poelstra, also of Blockstream) is also working on reducing all smart contracts to simple Bellare-Neven signatures, in a project he calls Scriptless Script.  He's already figured out how to make HTLCs into just a a B-N signature, and of course DLCs just require B-N signatures too.  He mentioned recently on Scaling Bitcoin November 2017 something mathy about something mathy that he is working on that would also be Scriptless Script, but mathier, but I don't understand the math, sorry.
So one could say that a lot of Ethereum is cruft which is not really needed, all you need is math and Bellare-Neven signatures.
@_date: 2017-11-26 08:38:07
Granted, but the term "discrete log problem" doesn't make sense when the point operation is called addition (with the scalar-point operation being called multiplication, whose inverse is division) rather than multiplication (with the scalar-point operation being called exponentiation, whose inverse is logarithm).
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:34:36
Well, the judgment is done publicly on the blockchain. The cheat transaction is identifiable publicly there. It's just that the counterparty is the one who can know there was cheating (because transactions are private), and publishes the proof of cheating on the chain.
Since **you** are the one who chooses the route to use, **you** are the one who avoids getting routed to a cheat node.
Note that a cheating node can just change its identity anyway so it won't actually have much use though.
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:35:18
LN can't censor because it can't know who you are sending to. It uses an onion construction to route. Routing nodes only know the direct source and direct destination, not the ultimate source and destination.
@_date: 2019-06-15 01:11:25
Not quite. The statechain invention has the "exchange platform" signing blinded, whereas under the patented invention the "exchange platform"  signs cooperatively with the second party. IANAL though so maybe it's near enough?
@_date: 2017-11-03 07:40:09
Help out with
1. Bellare Neven signatures (often called Schnorr signatures)
2. Rolling Set Commitments. Hit up for this, I have insufficient Math to understand it.
3. Discreet Log contracts by Tadge Dryja.
4. MimbleWimble, although I don't know how much they need a Mathist vs a Coder. Try hitting up . Again I don't have enough Math for the Confidential Transactions construct
You can ignore Ethereum. Any use of smart contracts that doesn't need an oracle can be done with clever BellareNeven multisigs and smart contracts between signatories only, and any smart contract with an oracle will need some kind of Discreet Log Contracts anyway
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:47:17
lightning-dev mailinglist, Lightning BOLT 1.0 spec
@_date: 2017-11-11 05:27:33
Last time I bought it was below $6000. This is a dip?
@_date: 2017-11-28 07:15:16
You're welcome.  I'm a Trezor guy myself.  Still for amounts that aren't in the hundreds of thousands (yet) Ledger is fine ;)  Overall I think Trezor's design is better as it is open source hardware, but for most practical uses they are probably similar.
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:21:36
Nano vs Trezor, Trezor uses ordinary off-the-shelf components you could source yourself while Nano uses a specialized hardware module for signing.  The long technical argument here is whether a closed-source specific hardware module is better security than an open-source program running on the Trezor's common microcontroller.
HW vs SW wallet, HW wallets don't let the keys ever touch a general-purpose computing device that could be hacked in strange ways.  People have lost Bitcoins due to leaving wallet files on insufficiently-protected Windows computers.  An app on a Linux or Android or iOS device is generally safer than an app on a Windows device, but one can generally expect that a HW wallet will have less avenues for attack than that.
@_date: 2019-06-07 01:24:22
Exchange knows how much BTC you put in and how much you put out, and knows all the addresses involved too.
Sending it across different exchanges is safer but make sure to use very different login credentials and email addrs for both.
@_date: 2019-10-11 08:35:15
Why have a credit-granting institute at all, why not just transact directly on the actual Lightning Network?
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:02:08
Yes and yes.  If you ever have a couple dozen years of your life free, do this: every year, on a specific date and time, measure the outside temperature at a particular place.  Plot it over at least 12 years.  If you think cilmate change isn't real after you do that, you have serious problems with your brain.
Don't Trust.  Verify.
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:33:51
It uses RGB, which is pretty much an L1 thing.  Not quite sure why you'd ride it on top of LN.  I'd describe it more as LN hosting an RGB coin that is traded by Spectrum.... layers analogy doesn't quite feel right.  Oh well.  L3 is fine I suppose.
@_date: 2019-02-15 06:22:07
Publicly? No.
@_date: 2019-06-29 03:57:20
Well I haven't look into the hook system that much.  Maybe ZmnSCPxj can check in more detail, haha.
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:42:24
Yes, that's correct, it's the 1 RETURN bug.
@_date: 2017-11-08 00:03:23
So a multisig wallet is a lock with several keys. In Bitcoin each lock is specially handcrafted for each safety deposit box. In Ethereum you can make a "library contract" which is like a magically duplicatable object. Parity multisig wallets are locked by a magically duplicated Parity lock.
In order to make creating new Parity locks easy, the magically duplicatable original Parity lock was unowned so anyone can pick it up and duplicate it.
Some random guy playing around in Ethereum picked up the original duplicatable Parity lock and destroyed it. Turns out that also magically destroys all copied locks. Now all safety deposit boxes that used a Parity lock can't be opened because they don't have locks, thwy're just boxes that are permanently closed.
@_date: 2017-11-23 23:26:43
Because unless carefully designed to not require (much) miner participation, sidechains are a block size increase by another name.
If you want full security on the validity of any Bitcoins you are getting, even if you stay only on the mainchain yourself, you need to download and verify every sidechain that directly or indirectly was used in the coin used to pay you.
(Well you could do SPV security and that's what most sidechain mechanism proposals offer, which basically means that if the coins backing the sidechain is invalidly withdrawn on mainchain, tough luck for everyone on the sidechain, it will be entirely destroyed. What happens on mainchain wil be what is considered true.)
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:18:55
Coinbase has high fees, yes that's well known, so factor in those fees each time you buy from Coinbase and consider using more sensible exchanges.
Electrum, that depends on your opsec.  Are you at least running a Linux box?  Or at least a Mac?  Basically avoid any Microsoft-released operating system, so a Linux, iOS, Android, or MacOS should be fine.  Is your Electrum wallet a watch-only wallet and the words you generated are on paper and you deleted the full wallet? (if you don't know what any of that was, [please read the Electrum manual](
As a rule of thumb, you can keep small amounts on an exchange, probably.  Depends on you what you define as "small".  Keep larger amounts in cold or cool/warm storage and always treat the exchange wallet as "hot".  And if you use cold storage make sure to be aware of operational security when using it.
@_date: 2017-11-19 00:35:36
I have an amount somewhere between 1 satoshi and 21 million whole Bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-06-28 03:41:06
Proper lightning wallets should provide a proof-of-payment (it's available at the protocol level, dunno about UIs). Together with the invoice it should be enough to convince bitrefill that you paid.
@_date: 2017-11-09 06:23:40
There's good bets and bad bets.
Blockchains get consensus by essentially sending recent transactions (i.e. transactions in recent blocks) to each and every participant in the world, regardless of whether or not they are directly involved in the transaction.
Lightning just sends transactions through the routes where payments flow, with an optional fallback to broadcasting to the global consensus network (i.e. blockchain) in case of bad behavior.  Thus the number of nodes that need to receive the transaction data are massively reduced while still retaining much of the security of blockchains.
Given that bandwidth is physically limited, you can compare two imagined universes with the same bandwidth availability.  One universe has pure on-chain scaling with no block limit, with transactions being broadcast to all participants regardless of whether they are getting paid at that time for anything or not.  On the other universe, on-chain scaling is hobbled but transactions are sent only by the payer to the payee, plus (on average less than a dozen) a few intermediaries, with occasional broadcasts of summary transactions.
Given that both universes otherwise have similar Internet bandwidth infrastructure, which universe would you bet will be able to support more transactions per second?
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:48:11
Cute thing is, if 2X had pushed through, it would have potentially caused *two* hard forks, one at 474983 (code consensus) and another at 474984 (social consensus).
So... the ***2X*** hardfork not just gives 2X as many transactions per block, it also gives 2X as many hardforks per hardfork, much appropriate, very prophetic.
Now I'm wishing it hadn't been cancelled LOL
@_date: 2019-06-30 04:47:49
If they keep printing money, the fiat prices (in terms of satoshi) would tank, more people would buy Bitcoin to exit fiat hyperinflation, and they kill themselves faster.
@_date: 2017-11-12 03:04:01
Miners add a long treatise on inane rules in the coinbase to inflate it.
@_date: 2019-06-26 02:57:09
Nitpick: CT does not require Schnorr.
It requires better ZK proofs because we need those to prove we are not making negative numbers, without revealing the actual values. Bulletproofs is a big improvement but we are still looking at proofs an order of magnitude larger than a signature. Block size limits being what they are, well. Even aggregated proofs don't quite scale, as Bitcoin validates individual transactions first before letting them enter the mempool.
@_date: 2019-06-17 09:55:03
My country is not a top 10 GDP country, and my employer is not a top 10 largest corporation.  Why the fuck would I trust this shitcoin?
@_date: 2019-06-15 10:22:34
Then you misunderstand statechains and my post. 
1. It is not a single chain that has all transactions of all statechain users. Instead, if you are a participant in a statechain-backed cryptocurrency system, you keep around the statechain data, just as you keep around the shachain containing the revocation keys iof a Lightning channel.
2. The above is argued for statechains based on the argument that the federation signers are blinded and cannot do anything other than refuse to sign (with a unilateral-close fallback available, any participant can drop onchain in case of federation failure, something you cannot do with federated sidechains) or sign blindly and honestly according to the blind signing algo, if it sees all participants signing the update.
3. I don't quite buy the above argument for statechains.
3. I am saying your argument is technically wrong (Lightning is hit hy your argument too, but has a counterargument that you don't need to audit it because of incentives), but is correct in spirit.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:05:06
Yah, I keep laughing at all the "buy the dip!" posts, because most of the dips were higher than the previous month's fiat-cost-averaging buy.
@_date: 2017-11-08 08:05:45
It could be done with a softfork by creating a new "extension block" that uses sub-satoshi units.  You'd need to transfer money into and out of the extension block by some mechanism that would probably suck (and we'd need a new address format for upgraded addresses and so on, and probably some kind of back-compatibility 3xxx address format because hysterical raisins), but in principle, any changes to Bitcoin can be done by softfork using the "extension block" technique.
It'll just be more painful and so on and so forth than a hardfork.
Personally, I think hardforks will never be feasible from now on, even those supported by Core.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:17:43
Yes, ***just like economic power***.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:12:59
Yes, it will happen.  Fortuately we have RBF.  RBF transactions are invalidated by a version of the transaction with a better fee rate.  Thus old transactions that were dropped can reliably be replaced and never "clog up the mempool" again.
A "really smart" wallet would only care about your outgoing payments, and if an outgoing transaction of yours is not yet confirmed when you make another outgoing payment, would replace your old unconfirmed transaction with a transaction that did two payments with a slightly higher fee rate.
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:55:22
Good comment, all quite true.
I would just like to add that personally I think a well-connected meshlike LN would not require a rebalancing layer as proposed on this paper, as it would be easy to rebalance by making a round-trip on the LN.  See figure 11 of the paper; node A in that figure can rebalance its channels by sending a payment from itself to itself.
Basically, all the paper adds is a rebalancing layer, but a well-connected meshlike LN wouldn't need that very much.
I'd compare it to Graphene optimizing over Compact Blocks, when Compact Blocks already compresses very well and the 10x additional compression is for something that is tiny compared to all the other costs involved.  This additional layer "just" adds a separate rebalancing layer (a relatively small benefit compared to Lightning, whose main optimization is that most transactions don't have to be broadcast to all participants, only to those involved in it), and incurs additional costs (larger groups means more chances of one of them becoming unresponsive or disruptive/malicious).
@_date: 2017-11-13 05:31:43
\*shrug\* Drivechains give too much control to miners IMO. It gives you only SPV security with no way for you to upgrade to higher security.
Lightning makes it easy to upgrade back to onchain security.
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:56:02
Not ELI5 unfortunately, but maybe understandable by someone with high school math?
So you know a point in geometry, right?  It has an x-coord and a y-coord.
An elliptic curve is a special kind of curve where (almost) any line we draw that intersects the curve will intersect 3 points on the curve.  The only lines that will intersect only 2 points are lines where one of the intersection points are tangent to the line (i.e. the angle of the curve at that point is the same angle as the line).
Using this curve, we can form a kind of "multiplication" on points, if both points are on the curve.  If we have 2 points, we draw  line between them, and we can get the third point in the line that goes through them.
What's interesting is that if the 2 points are really the same point on the elliptic curve, it's still possible to get a separate third point on that curve using the same math we use for 2 separate points (it ends up becoming the line that is tangent of the curve on that point, which we then project to get the other point, which we treat as the "third point" that is the product of the squaring of that point).
It is possible then to perform "exponentiation".  Remember that exponentiation is just repeated multiplication.  Suppose I have a point P.  I can get P^2 = P * P.  I can get P^3 = P * P * P.  And so on.
The "discrete log problem" is that if we're using discrete numbers (i.e. the x-coords and y-coords are whole numbers, and not fractions and irrational numbers), even if we know P^n it is very hard to guess what the n is.
It's called the "discrete ***log*** problem" because in normal math, if we have 10^x, we can get x = log( 10^x ).  With elliptic curves, the logarithm operation is impossible to compute within the lifetime of the universe (unless quantum computing).
This is important because in elliptic curve asymmetric cryptography (the ECDSA we use in Bitcoin), the private key is a random very large whole number n, and the public key is.... P^n :)
So what we do is that we have a generator point G that is part of the standard used.  The private key is often called x, and the public key is G^x .
(I'm going to punt and use the Schnorr signature scheme here, because the ECDSA protocol used in Bitcoin is much more complicated (and I don't understand it myself haha)  in order to avoid the Schnorr patent that was in effect between 1988 to 2008)
Let's define our variables.  We use small letters for 1-dimensional whole numbers (or streams of bits, which can also be represented as 1-dimension whole numbers) while we use large letters for points (2-dimensional, each dimension is a whole number):
x = private key
G = generator point of the signature scheme
G^x = public key
m = the message we are signing
k = a randomly-generated number we are using only once (important, if we sign a different message m with the same k, it will reveal our x)
h( _ ) = a hash function, like SHA256. resulting in a 1-dimensional whole numbers
_ || _ = concatenation of two bit-streams.
Now we then compute:
R = G^k; a random point
e = h(R.x || R.y || m); an error (difference) factor
s = k - e * x; the signature
Now we send the two numbers e and s to the verifier.
The verifier knows G^x the public key and the message m.  The verifier then receives the signature (e, s).  The verifier wants to know if the signature provider did in fact sign the message m (which is possible only if the signer knows the secret private key x).
So the verifier attempts to recover the R computed by the signer.  Let's call it RV for "verifier's version of R".
RV = G^s * ( G^x )^e
Now as we know, if we perform in math something like ( 10 ^3 )^2, that's equivalent to 10^6 (10^3 is 1000, 1000^2 = 1000 * 1000 = 1,000,000, which is 10^6 ).  That is, for any ( x^n )^o , is equivalent to x^(n*o)
Similarly, if we have x^n * x^o, that is equivalent to x^(n+o) .
So RV is also equivalent to:
RV = G^(s+x*e)
Let's focus on s+x*e, and replace s with the original value s = k - x*e:
s + x*e = (k - x*e) + x*e = k
Thus RV = G^k
So the verifier checks if e is:
e ?= h(RV.x || RV.y || m)
If the above is true, then RV = R and the signature is valid.
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:26:49
If your receiving wallet has coin control (eg Electrum) you can explicitly send it to yourself with a much higher fee that pays for the original tx and the new tx. This is called CPFP (child pays for parent).
If the tx has a change output back to the sender then the sender can also do this with the change coin.
Wallets should really enable easy use of these techniques (CPFP and RBF), sigh.
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:15:27
My understanding is that Bellare-Neven is the "next step" after MAST.
estimated MAST would be activatable by end of this year, but it's already November 21 so I would guess maybe early next year for MAST.  My understanding is that he has been driving a lot of the recent MAST work and it is likely his proposal will approximately be what gets deployed, so maybe he can update his estimate or tell us that in fact MAST is on-track for "by end of this year".
By comparison, Bellare-Neven signatures doesn't have a similar "driver" yet that I have seen, just some scattered discussions on  and bitcoin-dev, so I would think at least a month or more after MAST becomes activatable.  I'm not really qualified to understand what the little details of Bellare-Neven will be, as well as interactive signature aggregation for Bellare-Neven signatures.
(The dream is to have non-interactive signature aggregation, so that a miner can actually merge all signatures of all transactions in a block into a single signature and get less weight (and squeeze some more transactions into the block while keeping physical size down), but current non-interactive signature aggregations are not possible with Bellare-Neven and apparently require "moon math" in the form of cryptographic pairings, which I know absolutely nothing about other than their name and the fact that Bellare-Neven doesn't have it.)
As an aside, an interesting detail is that coinjoin transactions would become incentivized if interactive signature aggregation for Bellare-Neven signatures becomes activated.  If you would pay someone but have a single large UTXO to spend (which gives no benefit under signature aggregation) you can find somebody else who also wants to pay yet another person with the same problem (i.e. only a single UTXO to spend), and cooperatively create a single transaction with two inputs (one for you, one for the partner), and save 64 bytes plus transaction header overhead by aggregating your signatures for the two inputs.  This actually starts to approach what MimbleWimble does regularly, which is to always coinjoin everything into a single large transaction in the block (MimbleWimble manages to get non-interactive signature aggregation "for free" with its Pederson commitments and etc etc, but don't ask me how the math works out please, I don't understand it).
@_date: 2017-11-25 17:11:38
Hmmm so the adaptor is sent separately?
So lemme see, does this mean the protocol for a "pay for a preimage" payment goes something like:
1. Both parties make their own private and public keys.
2. They form a public key using Bellare-Neven.
3. The person selling `t` gives an adaptor signature to the public key and the `f(t)`.
4. The payer pays out to the public key formed in step 2.
5. The payee claims the money.
6. The payer looks at the signature on the money claim and does Math to get `t` from the onchain signature and the adaptor signature.
Is that correct?
General protocols for contingent payments need a timeout, how is that implemented without OP_CLTV?
EDIT: Okay lemme see if I get this right.  Buyer wants `t`, seller wants BTC.
1.  Buyer and seller generate their own private and public keys.  They combine the public keys as is usual for Bellare-Neven multisignatures.
2.  Buyer writes (but does not sign) a transaction that pays to their 2-of-2 public key.
3.  Buyer writes and signs a `nLockTime` transaction spending the above tx, paying back to the buyer.  Buyer sends this to seller, who also signs this and sends it back to the buyer.  This provides a timeout for the protocol.
4.  Buyer writes and signs a claiming transaction spending the transaction in step  paying to the seller.  Buyer sends this to seller who also signs this and keeps it (it is not yet valid as the tx in step  isn't even signed yet).
5.  Seller computes `G^t` and adds it and makes an adaptor signature (how? ask andytoshi).  Seller sends this to buyer.  Buyer confirms it's correct.
6.  Buyer signs the transaction in step  and confirms it on the blockchain.
7.  Seller sees the transaction in step  on the blockchain and confirms the tranaction in step  on the blockchain.
8.  Buyer sees the transaction in step  on the blockchain, computes it with the adaptor signature, and gets `t` (how? ask andytoshi)
Is that correct?
@_date: 2019-06-03 09:11:21
Every channel is just a 2-of-2 multisig. Both you and the counterparty hold the keys to that multisig, one from each of you. So it's held by your node. The other side of "not your keys, not your coins" is "your keys, your coins". 
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:17:15
Don't bother waiting.  I've been putting in random amounts at random times, and consistently every so-called "dip" is higher than the previous time I bought.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:16:31


I don't see a difference between "rebalancing" and "reallocating funds".  Again, looking at Fig. 11, the transaction to rebalance them involves node A reallocating funds from its A-&gt;C channel to its A-&gt;B channel.  It can still be done off-chain via an off-chain Lightning transaction without the additional channel-factory construction.


But then it would have to be done and in the Lightning BOLT spec *before* you deploy LN, right?
I guess you could cal it a credit union for reducing the cost of on-ramping to Lightning, which would help later the latecoming people who get to have only a tiny amount of BTC, I guess.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:54:45


WTF, this is C++, right?  Primitive types without explicit initialization are not default-constructed, this is a fucking wart in the language that exists for back-compatibility with extremely-concerned-about-performance C, where *nothing* is initialized without the programmer explicitly saying so.  Only non-primitive class types get default-constructed if not explicitly in the initalizer list (and if the class type doesn't explicitly default-construct its own primitive member variables, a compiler-generated default constructor for that class type would do nothing for its primitive member variables, too).  Is jgarzik a primarily Java programmer (where it is true that primitive types get default-constructed to 0)?
Seriously?  Is this what jgarzik at some point claimed?
@_date: 2017-11-23 09:01:24
Depending on your country, you might want to consider localbitcoins.com instead.  This puts you in contact with direct sellers and buyers and does not hold your USD at any time.  You can meet directly with a seller and hand over cash (best done in a public place with good general security), or you might find a seller willing to accept bank cash deposit or transfer, or even PayPal, or whatever.
Just select a seller with high score and high number of completed trades.  Split up your purchases (don't buy $25k in one go) to reduce your risks.  You should really average in to spread your risk.
The price will be higher but you have much more control over your funds, and there's less paperwork to fill up.
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:41:31
Yes, certainly those are problems; I suggest personally that land ownership should be socialized via a land-value-tax while the rest of the nation operates on a perfectly free market, with the land-value-tax paying for contract enforcement.  The usual reason why a slave can't leave is because the land is owned by the slaveowner and it would take a long travel before a slave can get freedom (and of course, a slave with a family has a much harder time uprooting).  And even a freed slave may find it practically impossible to reestablish themselves, if it is likely that they cannot fend for food since all the available land is owned by this or that slaveowner, who very well may have no particular plans for the land other than to hold it and never use it.  At least with a land value tax, unused land must be made useable or sold to the nation or to anyone willing to buy it, and perhaps a freed slave may rent a small amount of land owned by the nation (and honestly, a land value tax is a rent paid by "landowners" to the general public) in order to fend for his or her own, and his or her family.
Or maybe not.
Adieu, then!
@_date: 2019-06-19 10:41:42
No just Disc 1 Boss.
@_date: 2017-11-20 05:00:57
Consider learning Linux a little.  Windows is practically speaking a completely open system that anyone can log onto and copy everything.
Boot up TAILS OS (based on Debian GNU/Linux) from a LiveCD/LiveFlash, it comes with Electrum installed.  Create an Electrum wallet on the TAILS OS: this will give you 12 words to write down.  These will be your keys.  Write down a few copies of the 12 words on paper and keep them safe from prying eyes, never lose them, there is no way to recover if all copies are lost or stolen.  Also copy the xpub --- it's called the Master Public Key on Electrum --- and copy to another piece of paper (this piece is temporary).  Copy a few addresses from the TAILS OS Electrum.  Then delete the wallet and reboot to your normal OS.  Create a ***watch-only*** wallet on your normal OS Electrum, enter the xpub (Master Public Key).  Confirm that the Electrum watch-only wallet generates the same addresses you generated on the TAILS OS Electrum.
The papers are now your cold storage.  ***Protect them according to the value of the BTC you have on them***.  If you've confirmed that the Electrum watch-only wallet generates the same addresses as the full wallet, you can receive on the Electrum watch-only wallet from your Coinbase/whatever exchange.
When you need to spend you can reboot back into TAILS OS and recreate your wallet using the 12 seed words.  During low-fee periods it's a good time to consolidate your money (re-send all your funds to a new receive address); this will reduce fees on future spends if you later need to spend during high-fee periods.
(Bitcoin *really* operates on UTXOs, not addresses/accounts; think of UTXOs as coins with arbitrary value.  Everytime you send to any address, what really happens is a coin is created and given to the receiver, and any extra value is put into a new coin.  If you received 0.1, 0.2, and 0.3 (total 0.6), then have to pay someone 0.5 BTC, then what really happens is that a 0.1, 0.2, and 0.3 coin is spent, a new 0.5 and 0.1 coin is created, you give the 0.5 coin to the payee, and you keep the 0.1 coin for your future spends.  Fees are proportional to the number of coins used, not the actual Bitcoin amount.)
EDIT: Finally: I am an Internet stranger.  You follow my instructions of your own free will and are personally responsible for your act of doing so.
@_date: 2017-11-03 09:35:28
Coinbase is notorious for high fees and slow withdrawals. Remember that each time you buy there and factor that in when moving from Coinbase. The base Bitcoin network was pretty low fee some weeks ago and yet Coinbase was still using the same high fees. If the tx is not time critical (e.g. transfer between your accounts) and your BTC is no longer on Coinbase you can monitor the mempool and wait for a low fee period.
@_date: 2017-11-16 05:23:05
I was following Bitcoin since 2010 or thereabouts and I'm still working.  Why?  ***Because I'm a fucking idiot who didn't invest even after I found out about Bitcoin and learned about its technology and fucking understood it even.***  Oh well.  At least I have a comfortable amount now.
@_date: 2019-06-29 04:31:40
Hyperloop is just a branding name for a coinjoined onchain/offchain atomic swap.  Onchain/offchain atomic swaps are trivial extensions of the ZKCP construction, which underlies cross-chain atomic swaps, and underlies Lightning routing (you could consider that each Lightning channel is a "chain", thus the cross-channel atomic swap is possible).
# Channel Factories
Sharing a single UTXO to back multiple channels!
 Central Insight
* Channels are really offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems.
* A blockchain is an updateable cryptocurrency system: you can transfer value over it, and you can update it to transfer the allocation of funds.
* A channel is an *offchain* updateable cryptocurrency system, in that it does not require blockchain activity to update the allocation of funds inside it.
* A channel works off a particular (block)chain.  That is, it is hosted by a blockchain with sufficient powerful smart contracting support.  Thus, on a blockchain, the channel is effectively a smart contract.
* Being hosted off a blockchain, a channel can contain any smart contract that the blockchain itself could support. (this doesn't mean any smart contract can be transported across multiple channels (i.e. routed) on the Lightning Network; only certain smart contracts --- HTLCs, DLCs --- can be transported over multiple channels. however any smart contract can live within a single channel)
* ***BRAIN EXPLOSION WARNING*** Since the channel itself is a smart contract on the blockchain, it can contain a smart contract encoding a channel inside it, i.e. channels can host channels.
* Thus: if we can make a multiparticipant offchain updateable cryptocurrency system, we can make it host multiple smaller 2-participant offchain updateable cryptocurrency systems, i.e. we can make multiparticipant channel factories containing multiple 2-participant channels.
* This gives a good balance: if any one participant in an offchain updateable cryptocurrency system is offline, then no updates can be made (because such systems use n-of-n signatories).  Channels with 2 participants are the minimum useful construction, while reducing the probability that one participant (which prevents the system from updating) is offline, because additional participants == more chances one of them is offline.  The factory layer has multiple participants, but payments aren't routed at the factory layer, only at the channel layer, and since the channels can update without any updates on whatever is hosting them, the channels can update independently of the factory layer updates.  We expect factory operations (which change the topology of channels) to be rare compared to payments, so it's less vital for all participants of the factory operation to be online at the same time.
 Advantages
* ***one UTXO for multiple channels***.  If you can host 10 or 20 channels in a single factory, that's 10x scaling of blockchain space right there!  This single advantage trumps every other advantage of every other improvement here, because this is the possibility of scaling by an order of magnitude above and beyond the orders of magnitude LN by itself already enables.  The other improvements are mostly about payment reliability and nice features to have and incremental improvements to privacy; this is ***raw scaling***.
 Disadvantages
* Needs a multiparticipant update mechanism.  The only known ones are Decker-Wattenhofer (which requires a large locktime in case of unilateral close, plus a "CSV minimum" parameter (described above) equal to the large locktime) and Decker-Russell-Osuntokun (requires `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`/`SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT`, also has a (smaller) "CSV minimum" parameter).  Poon-Dryja is strictly 2-participant, thus cannot host high-scale factories.  The CSV minimum parameters also get added to all constructions inside the factory, so even if you use a Poon-Dryja channel inside a Decker-Wattenhofer factory, the channel gets the CSV minimum of the hosting factory.
    * We could settle with "close only" channel factories, which won't support channel reorganization, only closing channels inside them.  These still have the advantage of the massive scaling benefits of hosting multiple channels in a single UTXO, and who needs to reorganize channels dynamically anyway LOL?
* Requires that all participants be online at starting the factory, as well as any channel reorganizations, as well as cooperatively closing the factory (and all channels inside it).  Internet communication channels are inherently end-to-end (i.e. 2-participant), so coordinating multiple participants either requires n! communication channels, or selecting some central server that rebroadcasts communications.  So there's a good bit of engineering work needed to make channel factory creation possible in the first place.
* You lose the scaling benefit if you, or any participant, closes unilaterally.  Unilateral closes basically split the single UTXO into many UTXOs, plus add some overhead to ensure the update mechanism's rules are followed, so that's mildly worse than if you just coinjoined all the channel opens.  The more participants, the greater the chance that one of them has to close unilaterally, so large-scale factories won't have quite as much raw scaling benefits as you might compute naively by just counting the number of channels hosted.
* Fixed participant set.  You can't host a channel on a factory where you are *not* a member, you can only host channels onchain, or in a factory that you are a member of.  The members of the factory are the signatories registered on the onchain UTXO, so if you're not one of them and you make a channel inside the factory, the factory members can steal your share of the funds without you being able to refuse to sign (all it requires is an n-of-n of them).  Changing the participant set requires onchain activity as you have to update the blockchain state to change the signatories of the UTXO (FWIW with Schnorr MuSig this could be made as cheap as a 1-input-1-output singleisg tx, but it still ain't offchain).
@_date: 2019-06-03 09:02:14
If they gave bounties for every app they wanted then they'd pay higher for the same number of apps being made than if they just put a *single* prize.
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:08:41
Getting the hardware stolen is your big risk; there's a PIN and it will slow down attempts at inputting the PIN if you fail a few times to make it harder to brute-force, but if the hardware is stolen you should recover the keys and transfer them elsewhere.
The hardware wallet will generate a set of 24 words which you should back up on paper.  You can re-input that set of 24 words into another similar hardware wallet to make a copy that can view and authorize the same funds.  Those words are your backup against loss and breakdown.  If someone snags a copy of the 24 words, they can also authorize transferring your funds somewhere else!
The 24 words are a standard format and should work on many other wallets, but Trezor has moved to SegWit (specifically P2SH-P2WPKH) and other wallets might have not (or may have moved to P2WPKH) so there may be some incompatibility there if your hardware wallet breaks down.
For better safety of a really large stash, consider spreading out your hodlings: put some in a Trezor, some in a Ledger, some in one or more paper wallets, some in an offline Electrum instance, a tiny amount on a mobile device wallet, etc.
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:25:48
1. MAST, which reduces blockchain space for smart contracts with complex conditions.
2. Bellare-Neven signatures (often miscalled Schnorr), which allows signature aggregation so you can combine all signatures of a tx  into a single sugnature.
The above are likely to be activatable early next year.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:33:44
I actually talked with (Andrew Poelstra) about this topic a few days ago: 
It's pretty cool.  Hopefully someday we can figure out how to write a smart contract language on top of adaptor signatures.  Off-chain smart contracts!!
@_date: 2019-06-14 05:01:07
It's a token that you pay for.  It represents "service of the watchtower".  It's more akin to a "membership card" which you pay for, for some service, than an actual token that is intended to be bought or sold.
I believe this is the original post about this: 
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:55:50
Do note that a hardware wallet is "just" a computer that is always offline from the Internet.  If you have a spare laptop or desktop lying around, you can turn it into your hardware wallet --- reformat it, install Linux (Don't use Windows, it has too many vulnerabilities even offline), don't ever connect it to the Internet (don't give it the wifi password ever, don't connect it to LAN), use a USB stick to give a copy of the Electrum version for Linux.  Set up an Electrum wallet there and set up a watch-only Electrum wallet on your "normal" computer. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 05:24:30


Wrong.  Lightning does not require a malleability fix.  It (and several other protocols, such as trustless private cross-chain atomic swaps and trustless private within-chain atomic swaps (tumblers)) requires something more difficult: it requires ***the ability to refer to an unsigned transaction***.
In many of the off-chain protocols (of which LN is just one) transactions are written in "forward order" (i.e. there is a sequence of transactions which spend the output of a previous transaction in the sequence), but for trustlessness must be signed in **reverse** order.
This is only possible if later transactions can refer to transactions via a txid that does not include signatures.  That is, if the signatures (which we can say serve as "witnesses" to the validity of the transaction sequence) are separated (or "segregated") from the rest of the transaction and not included in the txid.  We could even call it SepSig for Separated Signatures.  This technique will even fix transaction malleability as a side effect without having to apply all the 7 (or is it 8 by now?) rules in BIP62.
Without this ability, opening a channel (and setting up for the trustless private swaps) will require trust that the other side will not suddenly stall after the first transaction is signed (because subsequent transactions in the sequence cannot be written unless the first transaction is signed) --- the stalling party suddenly publishes the first transaction on the blockchain, locking your funds onto the 2-of-2 output, and waits until you capitulate to its demands.  This is known as a hostage situation, since your counterparty can stall signing subsequent transactions (hostaging your funds) unless you pay them to move the protocol forward.
[This post shows some techniques for opening channels without SegWit, all of them not pretty.](


Because testnet tokens are valueless and there is no loss if you get your testnet tokens in a hostage situation, you can easily get more testnet tokens for free.  Only channel opening requires SepSig, but without an open channel, you have no Lightning.
Real Bitcoin tokens have value and getting them into a hostage situation is not acceptable at all.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:01:20
Nope! \^\^
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:21:55


It isn't an option on BCH, unfortunately: 
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:39:27
My opinion?  This will kill Ethereum.
1.  Smart contract details are private between contractors.
2.  Turing-complete smart contracts? It's just the contractors who need to execute the smart contracts, you can do anything in a scriptless script contract, including Turing-complete code!
3.  Off-chain, meaning reduced storage requirements for everyone in the world!  Keep block sizes small!!
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:07:31
\^\^ Still higher than my average buy-in price.  Even if it drops to that level, heck, only my last purchase 2 weeks ago is at higher rate than that.
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:27:52
Ethereum still requires on chain resources regardless, and as long as those resources have some limit and closings ("old state transactions") take more resources than challenges ("justice transactions"), then the analysis I made still holds, regardless. Block weight, contract gas, tomayto tomahto.
@_date: 2019-06-27 04:15:54
Boo! You ruined the song!
@_date: 2017-11-14 01:26:09
The issue is not supply of ASIC miners. The issue is electricity costs. In my country you won't get less than 0.14 USD/kWh. The accepted threshhold for profitability is often cited as 0.10USD/kWh. China gets 0.04USD/kWh.
Even if there were some PoW algo that was perfectly GPU only (impossible as Futamura projection  points out you can specialize an interpreter over an interpreted program, yielding an application-specific program), mining will still centralize around low electricity cost areas.
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:12:54
It's the point MR=MC, i.e. marginal revenue equal marginal cost.  Basically, when an increase in your hash rate would end up increasing your cost by the amount of bitcoins that increased hash rate itself would bring in.  Once you've reached that point, go no further. might be able to help you with the exact maths involved, or not, as the case may be, LOL.
@_date: 2019-12-05 15:41:29
If you're not running them, they *are* intermediaries.
@_date: 2019-06-28 10:33:27
Excellent slide deck!  Yeah, JIT routing looks better.  It's implementable now, could probably be done with the `htlc_accepted` hook on C-Lightning, though with the rebalancing fees shouldered by the forwarding node.  You do give a good point about fee-free circular payments in that there is mild incentive to cooperate.  But in any circular payment you have at least 3 nodes, and a successful forward would only give fees (or an ultimate payment) to two of those nodes --- the third node has no incentive to participate without getting paid.
Maybe a fee-reduced form would be enough?  For example if forwarding node A has to forward to node R, and finds a viable circle A-&gt;Z-&gt;R-&gt;A, maybe the onion for R can contain a promise that it would be worth it because there will be a forward from R-&gt;A so maybe R can drop the fees?  That way only Z has to be paid.  Dunno.
@_date: 2019-06-27 23:52:54
A long time ago a drunk guy posted this: 
@_date: 2017-11-20 06:04:06
@_date: 2017-11-25 02:33:21
Too easy to falsify, just add delay elements.
Besides, time is defined by the increase in entropy. Thus what you need is some way to bind transactions to time, and use proof of work to show the passage of time (work requires an increase in entropy due to consumption of energy differentials, so it serves as a nonforgeable proof that time passed).
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:13:27
The goal is to keep a decentralized base blockchain with a fixed Bitcoin iseuance schedule. We add features to keep blocksize down while increasing transaction rate (by reducing transaction size), such as MAST and Bellare-Neven (often miscalled "Schnorr") signatures, and fix important bugs like transaction malleability.
Then we build higher layers with better scaling than blockchains. The primary technology for that is Lightning Network.
@_date: 2019-06-29 00:51:52
1 year of debate and development, 1 year of testing, 2 years of miners delaying activation.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:38:02
There's a different version of the Graphene paper, nullc mentions it in a later comment in that thread.
@_date: 2017-11-16 04:08:30
The problem with blockchains is that every transaction needs to be broadcast to all nodes, then added to an ever-growing list of transactions.
There is no way that can scale to include every transaction in the world.
Lightning limits the transaction to be sent only to intermediaries and the final payee. (This also has the nice side effect of improving privacy as you need to inform fewer people about it; also the transaction is onion encrypted so intermediaries know only the next hop, they can't know if the next hop is the final payee or just another intermediary)
People see "Lightning Networks is a network of routable payment channels" and immediately assume that intermediaries can only be large banks or shit like that. But a small HODLer with 2 BTC can open at near full capacity a dozen channels already. If a dozen other small HODLers open one channel to him or her that small HODLer would have 24 channels through which to route. That small HODLer would not be putting all its channel funds to just one channel, limiting its risk and reducing need to trust. That small HODLer could then become an intermediary to somebody else's transactions. No banks required.
@_date: 2017-11-20 08:18:30
Thing is, the next dip could be above the current price.
About 7 or 8 days ago, price dipped to $5500.
I didn't buy.  Why?  Because my fiat-cost-average last month was at about $5400.
Just fiat-cost-average and everything will be fine.  Price goes up, celebrate, your investment went up.  Price goes down, celebrate, you can buy more to invest at a cheaper price.
@_date: 2017-11-25 09:31:19
That's what the blockchain already does. The header includes the previous block header hash already. That's the whole point, it indicates the passage of time since a long chain of hashes was provably done.
@_date: 2017-11-26 12:23:46
Well I'll have to defer to you, I barely understand ECC Schnorr and have no idea what abelian groups or Z_p are. And the inconsistency in notation (addition and multiplication vs multiplication and exponentiation, as well as the occassional convention that capital letters are points) is annoying and hampers self-study, sigh.
@_date: 2019-12-11 03:05:45
Then you have to simulate this very well.  In particular, you have to compute some typical fiat value (usually in USD) and look up how much that costs, using exchange rates that typical payment processors use (**not** just what you get from Google, payment processors might not use that).  *Then* you have to remember that most merchants have more than one customer, so you have to have more than one cluster feeding into the "merchant" cluster that you will then use for possibly-incriminating things.  Otherwise, anyone doing analysis is going to reason that it is far more likely an inept attempt at creating falsified deniability, than somebody else actually getting the funds.
Please, just read the damn article that was linked, mkay?
You are better off with Wasabi or JoinMarket.
@_date: 2017-11-22 01:39:15


@_date: 2017-11-16 09:44:35
It's *safer*  (not cheaper!) to send  *any* sums of money with Bitcoin than with Ethereum.  Ethereum's fancy capabilities are its own worst enemy, with the people writing top-3 wallets falling into the "let's use this fancy capability because we can!" trap and then neglecting how it leaves all wallet users vulnerable to random people doing random stuff on the Ethereum Web 3.0, or similar hardfork-triggering shit.
Bitcoin being less featureful is a plus for security as there is less capability for developers to make a mistake that risks 300,000,000 USD worth of other people's money.  That and the longer time Bitcoin has been around means more time for Bitcoin-based software to be debugged.
You'll be paying for the massive security bonus regardless of how much money you send, if you use Bitcoin.
For large sums, you *want* the security, and the higher fees will not be as big a deal.  You're paying for the best available on-chain security system.  Use Bitcoin and swallow the higher fees, it's worth it.
For small sums, *you* decide how much security you need.  So if you don't really need much security for this $20 amount you'll be sending to your friend for whatever, go use an alt for now.  Later we'll have Lightning, which retains a good bit of the security (but is still slightly less secure than blockchain) while greatly improving efficiency and improving fees greatly.
@_date: 2017-11-18 05:57:27
I can't see how unless the attacker has 51% hashpower, but a 51% hashpower puts the blockchain layer at risk anyway.
Even if the attacker is a miner, it wouldn't earn more than a random miner at the time of the attack of a non-miner attacker. A miner could censor justice transactions but that would only slow justice down, in response the justice txs will have fees bumped up so non-attacking miners will prioritize them. Although I guess that translates to higher mining revenue.
So possibly a miner can reduce its effective cost in the attack by squeezing justice txs until they have fees bumped up, then mine the justice txes with high fees thmselves.... but I doubt the attacker would actually earn the entire theft attempt, just a fraction of it.
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:34:27
This is some low-level stuff that Vitalik does not understand well.
The Lightning Network is based on so-called Poon-Dryja payment channels.  Poon-Dryja channels have no lifetime and have no maximum number of payments before being forced to close, and are also bidirectional.  Poon-Dryja channels use transaction invalidation to ensure correct operation of the channel; in simpler terms, it's possible to attempt to cheat by playing old state on the blockchain, but old state will have a judgment window, during which the other party can provide a proof-of-fraud and claim the entire channel contents as damages in a "justice" transaction.
For example, suppose we have a channel that starts out with state (almkglor=1.0BTC, changes727=1.0BTC).  I pay you 0.5 BTC in exchange for service or product, so the new state is (almkglor=0.5BTC, changes727=1.5BTC).  However I then turn around and replay the old (almkglor=1.0BTC, changes727=1.0BTC) state on the blockchain.  You have a few days to show everyone that the old state was obsolete by presenting a proof-of-fraud in a justice transaction.  When you do, the entire 2.0BTC of the channel is awarded to you instead as damages, so I not only fail to steal the 0.5BTC I paid you, but I also lose the 0.5BTC that would have been rightfully mine as damages paid to you.
However, presenting the fraud proof to the blockchain is basically posting a transaction to the blockchain; even the "replay old state" is, in the end, posting a transaction to the blockchain.
What Vitalik is proposing is this:
1.  An attacker lays out an attack by setting up one or more Lightning nodes, and waiting until the nodes have 10 million channels connected directly to other nodes.
2.  The attacker waits until there is old state that is in the attacker's favor on all channels, and the current state is not in the attacker's favor.
3.  The attacker posts the old state of all the channels on the blockchain at once.
4.  Now there is a rush to post justice transactions on the blockchain, which won't fit because Bitcoin has a blocksize limit.  Oops!  We should have done sharding!!!  OH NOSE!
What Vitalik fails at here are below:
1.  The attacker can't post old state of all the channels quickly, either, because of the very same blocksize limit.  If it takes N days to process 10m justice transactions, it will take more than N days to process the old state transactions (the old state transactions are slightly larger than the justice transactions).  So if processing 10 million justice transactions will be a problem, the first problem will be for the attacker, which would need to post ***all*** the  10 million old-state transactions ***first***.
2.  Old-state transactions need to be signed out on by both counterparties, and have to allocate some fixed fee.  However a justice transaction only requires the signature of the one who is being cheated, and given a fraud proof, the cheated party can generate multiple versions of the justice transaction.  The upshot is that while the attacker is trying to push the 10 million old-state transactions, they have some fee rate that was fixed beforehand, and the attacker can't RBF it to a higher fee rate (would require a signature from the cheated parties, which of course the cheated parties won't provide) and can't CPFP it faster (for technical reasons the attacker's outputs are timelocked so they can't CPFP the old-state transactions).  However, justice transactions can be rewritten (RBF'ed) to have higher fee in case of blockchain spam; only the cheated party needs to sign it.  For example if the current state is (almkglor=0.5BTC, changes727=1.5BTC) but I pushed the old (almkglor=1.0BTC, changes727=1.0BTC) state, you'd be willing to pay up to 0.5BTC in fees for the justice transaction (with the remaining 1.5BTC being rightfully yours) to push the justice transaction on the blockchain.  On the blockchain, justice can outbid injustice.  More justice transactions on the blockchain, fewer attacking old-state transactions, slowing down the attack and costing the attacker precious, precious money.
Thus, the blocksize limit actually hits the attacker in this situation harder than the defender, and is the correct solution to the problem.
@_date: 2017-11-19 13:23:13
@_date: 2017-11-08 03:24:27
Economic power of course.
Split your coins, sell 2X, buy BTC.  That is enough to keep SHA256d miners on BTC rather than 2X.
@_date: 2019-06-18 00:45:57


At that point you'd be "adequate" for some things.
Mastery of any art requires at least 10 years of continued practice (or more precisely 10,000 hours of practice).
@_date: 2019-06-07 00:34:27


And using a cryptocurrency with better anonymity never taints you?  "Oh look, this account paid using Monero, we should watch this account because he could be involved in money laundering"
The point is not to make your black coins white, the point is to make every coin the same shade of gray.
@_date: 2017-11-23 08:08:23
Hmm, it seems you need a complete primer on LN, then.
The LN is a network of individual nodes.  To join the LN, you run an LN node.
Nodes build "channels" to each other.  A channel is a construct that allows for 0-fee transfers of value between the two end-points, but only between the two end-points.  A channel, of course, only has two end-points, which are nodes.  So a channel connects two nodes economically.
Channels are formed by making a transaction on the base Bitcoin blockchain (I am hoping you at least know some of the details of the blockchain).  Channels have various parameters and limitations and details that I'll gloss over here (otherwise I might as well just link you to [Lightning Bolt 1.0](
An important fact is that a channel is backed by funds on the Bitcoin blockchain.  So if you and me agree to make a channel, you could put in say 100mBTC.  That 100mBTC is allocated to you at the start, and I have 0 coins on that channel.  If you want to pay me 1mBTC, we both agree to reallocate the channel to you=99mBTC, me=1mBTC.  This is done through our own agreement only: there is no need to broadcast this fact on the blockchain.  You can then pay me 2 more mBTC, which we then agree reallocates the channel to you=97mBTC, me=3mBTC.  Then suppose I turn around and say I want to pay you 1mBTC, so we then reallocate the channel to you=98mBTC, me=2mBTC.  And so on.
At any time, channels can be closed.  Ideally, both nodes on that channel will cooperate and the money each one has allocated on the channel.  Since we both agreed on the allocation of funds on the channel, we can then agree to amicably close the channel and make another transaction on the blockchain, where the 100mBTC is split up with you getting 98mBTC and me getting 2mBTC (the last state we agreed upon).  But suppose we have a disagreement.  You insist that the allocation is actually 100mBTC to you and 0 to me.  Then we will need to show proof on the blockchain.  The technical details are interesting but a bit long to explain, so suffice it to say that if I prove you are wrong, the entire channel contents will get rewarded to me (and vice versa: if you prove me wrong, the entire channel contents will get rewarded to you).  Since most of the time, we will have on average about half the channel contents each, I (or you) risk losing my (or your) money if it turns out I (or you) were provably wrong.  So in general, we can expect that closing the channel will be cooperative.
(It's also possible to close the channel unilaterally in case one of us drops off the network --- for example if somebody blows up my node, I can't cooperatively close the channel with you anymore, so you will do a unilateral close.  This will temporarily lock up the funds while the blockchain waits for me to show up to dispute the allocation you told the network.  Since my node got blown up, I won't show up and we both end up receiving the money as you claimed it was allocated when you unilaterally closed it.)
Now that's just at the low level between two nodes.  The magic here is that we can create a network on top of these channel structures.
Suppose you have a channel also to your friend, kiper.  The two of us (me and you) already have a channel.  So the network kinda looks like this: me &lt;=&gt; you &lt;=&gt; kiper.  Now suppose I want to pay 1mBTC to kiper.  I and kiper could agree to form a new channel, but that's going to cost on-chain fees.  Instead, I could pay kiper through you.
Here's how it works:
1.  There's a construct, the HTLC or hashlocked timelocked contract.  Roughly speaking, it is a conditional payment.  It goes something like this: "I know a question.  I put some money into this contract.  If you can give me the answer within N days, you get the money.  Otherwise, I get the money."
2.  So I contact kiper directly.  He generates a question and an answer, and the answer is known only by him.  He gives the question to me.
3.  I offer the HTLC to you: "I know kiper's question.  I put 1mBTC into this contract, plus a 0.01mBTC fee for you.  kiper knows the answer.  If you can give me the answer within 2 days, you get the money.  Otherwise, I get the money."
4.  On receiving that HTLC, you then offer an HTLC to kiper: "I know kiper's question.  I put 1mBTC into this contract.  kiper, you should know the answer, so give it to me.  If you can give me the answer within 1 day, you get the money.  Otherwise, I get the money."
5.  When kiper receives the HTLC from you, he wants the money (it's the whole point, he wants to receive the money from me).  So he says to you "Here's kiper's answer", which automatically releases the 1mBTC to him.
6.  When you receive kiper's answer, you turn around to me and say "Here's kiper's answer", which automatically releases the 1.01mBTC (1mBTC to reimburse you for the 1mBTC you gave kiper, 0.01mBTC routing fee to pay for your service).
7.  When I receive kiper's answer from you, I know that kiper has been paid and that I should expect product/service from kiper.
Note that the above is "atomic".  There is no way for you to claim the 1.01mBTC from me without first asking kiper for the answer, and kiper will only give the answer if you offer 1mBTC in an HTLC first.  Thus, you will not be able to cheat me or kiper.  Also notice that the timeouts decrement each time.  So kiper has to give the answer in 1 day, so that you have a whole day in which to provide the answer to me and get reimbursed.
Now you might say, suppose you disapprove of me and kiper transacting?  That is, you might ask if it's possible for you to censor transactions.  Well, it's always possible for me and kiper to just make a channel on the uncensorable decentralized base blockchain.  But another thing is that we use what is called an "onion routing" construction.  This onion routing is something like an envelope containing an envelope containing an envelope... etc.  So what I actually did was to write the message "kiper, give the answer to whoever offered you the HTLC".  Then I put it into an envelope saying "to kiper" (the envelope is actually an encryption, so that only kiper can open the envelope i.e. decrypt).  Then I write the message "02-20-2020, give the answer to whoever offered you the HTLC".  Then I put that message together with kiper's envolope into an envelope saying "to 02-20-2020".  Then, when I offer the HTLC to you, I actually send my envelope.
This is important because to you, all you can see is the envelope marked "to kiper".  You can't assume anything about what the envelope contains: maybe it's a payment to kiper, but it could also be a payment to some other person who isn't kiper.  So you can't judge if you should censor the delivery or not: I could be paying kiper, or I could be paying someone else who kiper is connected to.  Thus, Lightning remains uncensorable.
Who hosts LN?  Everybody and nobody.  You don't mine, you get paid fees to route.  You can go and route funds on the Lightning Network by just running a Lightning Network node and making random channels with random people.
@_date: 2017-11-14 01:12:51
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:13:48
That requires cross-input signature aggregation, which is not yet intended to be deployed due to bad interactions with scripting and sighash flags.
Schnorr enables signature aggregation but Bitcoin will not allow cross-input aggregation yet.
Signature aggregation is basically  taking multisignatures and aggregating them so only one signature is revealed onchain. This is enablef for within an input (a multig input under Schnorr will have a single signature).
@_date: 2017-11-13 03:01:56
Your wallet might have used the change UTXO of your first tx to fund the 2nd tx. This means the 2nd tx with higher fee is not confirmable unless the first tx confirms. So to get at your 2nd tx's high fee the miner has to also confirm your first tx. The combined fees of both txs need to be added and then divided by the combined weight, then the fee rate has to beat everyone else on the mempool.
This is called CPFP (child pays for parent) and was one of the tx acceleration techniques before RBF.
@_date: 2019-02-07 07:06:29


I would argue that it is an accident of history and not an inherent part of the blockchain design, that Bitcoin has a publicly-visible ledger.  It lacks privacy, and privacy is important.
The only reason why we needed a publicly-visible ledger was to ensure that inflation was impossible except at the program-defined rate.  We now have better tech for ensuring that transactions balance correctly while not revealing the amounts (i.e. confidential transactions) but that was not available at the time that Satoshi released Bitcoin 0.1.
Otherwise, all we need of the ledger is to post finalizations and ensure balance/non-inflation.
LN buys us a little more privacy by reducing the leakage of how much money you earned and spent inside the LN, and only posting the difference.
@_date: 2017-11-23 15:29:03
Importantly the smallblock strategy allows having pervasive fullnodes in the base blockchain layer, which increases its security and reduces the risk of censorship and deception-by-omission.  This means that at the very least we can keep our savings on-chain, even if higher layers become centralized (NOTE: higher layers may also themselves remain decentralized! Consider that an LN node just requires a small investment in BTC (and if you'd be HODLing the money anyway, you can always just put them on an LN node you control and let it earn some passive income), good uptime and a reasonable Internet connection, whereas a miner requires a big investment in hardware, low electric cost, good uptime, and good Internet, meaning it's easier to become an LN routing node than to become a miner, and yet we still consider the mining-controlled layer reasonably decentralized --- the point here is that the smallblock strategy keeps the base layer decentralized, and forces everyday use to upper layers, which may or may not be decentralized depending on how clever we are at designing those).
Bigblocks risk centralization of the base layer, and once the base layer collapses into a centralized mass there is no recovery: Bitcoin will have failed, and we might as well just withdraw all our funds into centralized coins and custodial banks.
@_date: 2019-06-30 11:01:58
Basically what I want to express is.... SCRIPT interpretation in Bitcoin is a mess.  The current `scriptPubKey` (from Satoshi's initial design) is now only rarely interpreted as a SCRIPT, in general it's just a template that is matched by Bitcoin and is given special meaning that isn't in it if you read it as a plain SCRIPT.
SegWit makes it better in that it supports versioning of the SCRIPT so we can have better extensions later without this kind of hacky hack hackish crap about recognizing templates and giving them special treatment, but at the cost of first dipping into the current mess of how SCRIPT is **not** interpreted and instead certain patterns are recognized and given special treatment.
@_date: 2017-11-02 01:40:43
"Job" for Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:45:51
This is awesome!  One can view Lightning as a specialization of this concept where the federation is composed of exactly two members.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:19:34
Haha.  [gmax has spoken]( said Graphene doesn't really boost things by much, and most of the win is in not resending the transactions in a block, i.e. Compact Blocks is good enough.  So I guess it's mostly moot.
@_date: 2019-06-12 02:34:59
Chaumian banks issuing blinded bearer signatures and utilizing anonymizing networks (Tor) to transfer your blinded bearer signature to the political party you vote for is more efficient than a blockchain.  
@_date: 2017-11-20 08:11:03
Supposedly the reason for the Bitcoin bull run is that Tether is actually inflating the supply of USDT, so it looks like Bitcoin is gaining on USD price in comparison.
Looking at USD&lt;-&gt;USDT exchanges, USDT is slightly more expensive (supposedly) so the increase in USDT supply is expected if the USD&lt;-&gt;USDT peg is stable.
However if we see USD&lt;-&gt;USDT exchange rate favor USD, we should see USDT supply contracting.
(essentially USDT is a federated sidechain of USD; the problem I suppose is that the federation has just one member, Tether itself.  If the federation were larger we can be less worried, but otherwise it's possible Tether is purchasing BTC with unbacked USDT, creating artificial demand.  Of course, it's the people who sold BTC for USDT without trading USDT for USD that will suffer in case Tether is revealed to have failed the side-&gt;main peg.)
@_date: 2017-11-16 00:44:32
Lightning network is a network of bidirectional persistent payment channels.
Let's unpack this:
1.  **payment channel**.  A payment channel is a special off-chain construct that is backed by on-chain funds.  You can send a payment over a payment channel and the movement of funds will not be reported to the blockchain until the channel is closed.
2.  **persistent**.  Older payment channel designs had a lifetime, i.e. after a particular date, it had to be closed.  Lightning payment channels no longer have a lifetime, but these kinds of channels needed to have SegWit activated to fix the malleability bug.
3.  **bidirectional**.  Older payment channel designs were one-way: there was a payer and a payee, and money always flowed from payer to payee.  Lightning network payment channels are two-way: there is no payer or payee, only two nodes that can pay each other via the channel.  Again, this would not have been possible (or possible only with significant difficulty and block space) without SegWit's malleability fix.
4.  **network**.  We can make bidirectionality and persistence actually useful by taking advantage of **within-chain** atomic swaps.  Basically, a **within-chain** atomic swap is like a cross-chain atomic swap, but instead of crossing chains, you just swap amounts on the same chain.  Lightning uses within-chain swaps to swap value across payment channels.  So if Alice has a payment channel to Bob, and Bob has a payment channel to Charile, but Alice and Charlie ***do not*** have a payment channel, Alice can swap some Alice+Bob coins for Bob+Charlie coins to pay Charlie (with a small fee to Bob to reward his help), even if they have no direct channel!  This is the most powerful part of Lightning: payments can be routed (via chains of up to 20 intermediaries), so even if you do ***not*** have payment channels to somebody you want to pay, you can still pay them as long as you can both find a path of no more than 20 nodes between you.
It's really the "network" bit that makes Lightning a true scalability solution here, and really makes bidirectionality and persistence useful.  Bidirectional channels make it easier to route, and you want persistence so that you can get paid fees if somebody routes through you.  Networking means you don't need channels to everyone you want to pay to (there is common FUD being spread around that you need to make channels to everyone you will pay to, this is untrue, all you need is a route, not a channel), and persistence means you can keep channels open indefinitely, reducing pressure on the blockchain size.
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:37:07
I'm still chopping the onions and tomatoes for the salsa.  Have to check the cheese, too, thanks for reminding me.
Oh you mean the BTC price dip? what crystal ball did you use to predict it?
@_date: 2019-06-26 03:46:51
Yeah, listen to that guy.  9 years ago I already heard of BTC but didn't buy.  I already knew back then it was an impressive technology, and potentially world-changing.  I never thought of buying ***then***, instead I invested in founding a small company and lost my shirt on it (and alienated the friends I'd convinced to invest in it too).  You at least are in a better position now then I was then: you know you *should* buy.
Get a job.  Contribute to open source projects you love --- it's a long-term investment but after a few years of consistent contribution to an important open source project you'll start getting nibbles of possible job offers working on that project than on some corporate software.  I assume you're still young and unmarried and no kids, and hopefully your parents and siblings are not depending on you to get your younger siblings through college, in which case you can tighten your belts, reduce what you spend on entertainment (movie piracy is awesome, open-source games are also awesome), and get some positive flow you can cost-average into BTC.
You are, in all likelihood, an average person.  This is not something to be depressed about.  It means that about 50% of the world population is worse off than you.  You're in a good position.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:32:58
Sharding is basically the buzzword Ethereum uses for sidechains, except shards have the same format and capabilities as the mainchain (unlike sidechains, where sidechains can have additional capabilities or complete different formats).
Ethereum's main sharding plan is similar to 's [mainstake]( idea for sidechains.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:05:25
SegWit nodes strip them before sending to old nodes that don't understand SegWit. As long  as a majority of fullnodes *do* check (i.e. are SegWit nodes who send and receive the entire tx with fellow SegWit nodes and therefore can get the witness), nodes that haven't updated are protected, in a sort of herd immunity.
This allows nodes to defer updating, i.e. you can upgrade at your own pace. The point is to not leave anyone behind with an incompatible software just because there is an update.
@_date: 2017-11-27 07:46:39
Very popular among nerds, yes, you can download it on piratebay if you want to try it out.
@_date: 2019-12-29 00:00:12
Given you can always take things offchain by just anchoring things onchain, this is a fool's errand.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:54:35
That's easy, just stick to Bitcoin.  Everything else is derivative.  Don't buy knockoffs, buy originals.
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:48:40
This one? 
The account I usually buy BTC from on localbitcoins.com always has me deposit to an Easy Padala bank account.  So I guess they're thriving.  Probably a good part of their infrastructure is actually on localbitcoins.com (i.e. offchain): they buy bitcoins on localbitcoins.com, send it to an account in the Phils.  They probably have another localbitcoins.com account in their other countries, buy BTC their with local fiat, send to the account I buy from, sell it for local fiat here.
@_date: 2017-11-29 01:50:47
Spoiler: some people get laid
@_date: 2019-12-05 15:47:47
One man's "large" is another man's "small".
@_date: 2019-12-05 15:40:48
Unless you use Tor always for every Reddit access using your account, Reddit itself knows what IP address you access from.  Reddit also knows an email address of yours.  All it takes is some disgruntled Reddit admin to sell a database on the darknet.
@_date: 2019-06-25 07:57:13
More RAM is great.  Larger `dbcache` (as said elsewhere) improves IBD (though you might still want to do IBD on a faster device and copy the Bitcoin state to the Pi, still).  Routemaps for the public Lightning Network are starting to go above 1Mb, too, so increasing the RAM helps to keep your lightning node up and able to send funds.
@_date: 2019-12-11 10:34:54
Truth can have its own power: it is the shortest path to modifying the universe to our own advantage.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:58:36
Those are just 1% movements at this point.  Not the insane 50%-&gt;80% movements of the past.
@_date: 2017-11-24 08:23:32
Nothing of course.
Now what we really need to do is to make atomic swaps possible even with real goods.
For on-chain swaps, we use pairs of HTLCs (hashlocked timelocked contracts).  Basically, this is a smart contract that says, "if this guy can give me the answer to this question I have (hashlock), I give him the money.  Otherwise, after some time (timelock), I give the other guy the money."
So if I wanted to swap my 4.0LTC for your 1.0BTC, I'd make up a question-answer pair.  I'd give the question to you (but not the answer).  Then I'd make an HTLC containing 4.0LTC on the Litecoin chain that goes: "If 2Storey can give the answer to the question, I give 2Storey the money.  Otherwise, after 2 days, I give almkglor the money."
Then you'd also make an HTLC containing 1.0 BTC on the Bitcoin chain that goes: "If almkglor can give the answer to the question, I give almkglor the money.  Otherwise after 1 day (note the difference here), I give 2Storey the money."
After that, I have 1 day to claim the Bitcoin from the Bitcoin-side HTLC.  When I do, I need to publish the answer on the blockchain.  Since I can't censor the blockchain, you can read the answer.  Then you can turn around and claim the Litecoin-side HTLC.  If I never give the answer before the 1-day deadline, you get your money back, no harm no foul (except tx fees).
How about for physical goods?  Suppose the physical good in question is a sealed computing device that I will sell to you.  I make up a question-answer pair, then program the device as follows: "If someone enters the answer to the question, I will start working in my normal operation.  Otherwise after expected latest delivery date + 2 days, I will be in a permanently-locked condition that only almkglor can unlock."
I send the device and the question to you.  Once you receive it, you write an HTLC with the BTC payment on the Bitcoin blockchain that goes: "If almkglor can give the answer to the question, I will give almkglor the money.  Otherwise, after expected latest delivery date + 1 day, I will give 2Storey the money."
You won't be able to use the device yet until I give you the answer.  So, to use the device, you need to write the HTLC to the BTC blockchain.  Of course, you won't write the HTLC until you physically receive the device.  At the same time, once you receive the device, you can't just keep the device without writing the HTLC on the BTC blockchain --- it's locked and useless, a glorified paperweight, until you get the answer (which is what I have).  So you use a contingent payment (the HTLC) to ensure that if I get the money, you get the answer and can actually use the device.
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:55:33
Approximately yes.
See CoinSwapCS on github for how it's done on a SegWit-&gt;SegWit chain.  CoinSwapCS is for unlinkable within-chain swaps (i.e. coin tumbling) but any sufficiently-compatible coin (LTC, VTC, prolly Doge) can use the exact same constructions and make it into a cross-chain swap.
There's still the remaining problem of value linkability, i.e. if the BTC LTC exchange rate is N and you see value being moved on the BTC chain and corresponding N * value being moved on the LTC chain, then you might guess "that guy probably swapped his BTC for LTC".  That will also get fixed by doing split transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-20 09:02:59
had a speculative article regarding a softfork version of this. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:47:41


This is impossible as of BOLT 1.0.  Nodes are supposed to negotiate a non-zero `channel_reserve` parameter for the channels they participate in; this is the minimum amount that each of us must have in the channel.  For example if the channel reserve is 0.1BTC and the total channel backing fund is 1.0BTC, then a channel state can range from (almkglor=0.1BTC, sroose=0.9BTC) to (almkglor=0.9BTC, sroose=0.1BTC), but no further.
The `channel_reserve` parameter was added precisely to prevent this attack from being costless, and to encourage you to retain "depleted" channels and keep network connectivity high.


The blocksize limit that slows down justice transactions also slows down the closing of a fuckton of channels, too.  See also: 
@_date: 2017-11-23 12:34:44
That's what the current Compact Blocks already does, so what's the point of Graphene then?
@_date: 2017-11-21 08:13:52
Lightning is a network, not a payment channel protocol.  You can make one-off transactions on-Lightning as long as the destination also has a Lightning node.  A lot of people don't really get that making Lightning a network implies that one off transactions can, in fact, be done on-Lightning without exiting into the blockchain.
Fees will go down when Lightning moves smaller payments off-chain and reduce pressure for on-chain transactions.  One-off transactions can still be done on-Lightning as long as you have money on Lightning and can get a route.  Even if you can't find a route and need to make a channel just to make a one-off payment, that will be a semipermanent channel you want to keep open as it improves network connectivity and gives you an extra opportunity to earn on-Lightning fees to offset any on-Lightning and on-chain fees you need to pay (logically, if you can't find a route, then it is likely that others can't find a route to the payee either, and keeping your channel to the one-off payee alive means others are now likely to route through you, giving you a temporary monopoly on fees for paying to that payee, and thus incentivizing a mesh topology).
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:06:20
I think I see your confusion.  Nakamoto Consensus (the "more hashpower chain wins" rule) does not determine chain validity.  Chain validity determines Nakamoto Consensus.  Or:
* If there are two chains and both are valid to your node, the one with greater Nakamoto Consensus wins.
* If there are two chains and one is valid and the other is not valid to your node, the valid chain wins. Nakamoto Consensus does not get a say here.
What your node considers valid depends on what software you are running.  What software you run... depends on you.  Who do you want to be able to trade with?  In the end, ***that*** consensus --- who you want to trade with, i.e. economics --- trumps Nakamoto Consensus.  The fact that B2X futures ranges from 0.1-&gt;0.3, while post-fork BTC futures range from 0.7-&gt;0.9 of pre-fork BTC, implies the economic consensus behind 2X and Bitcoin Core.
Most people trust the software that Core releases precisely because of the protocols and procedures already laid down, as well as the fact that there are many more Core devs than most other projects have (and most of the Core devs have been doing cryptographic and/or cryptocurrency stuff much longer, for that matter).  Way back, when this project was getting started, people just trusted whatever Satoshi Nakamoto said was the correct software, because people like central leaders.  Then Satoshi realized that he was the center that was keeping Bitcoin back from his own decentralized vision, and disappeared, leaving it to the Core devs.  Core devs started developing proper procedures and cleaning up some of Satoshi's shitty code and adding proper tests, and now here we are today.
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:29:18
Back before the Lightning paper, people were failing to implement safe payment channels, because Satoshi implemented `nSequence` incorrectly on the assumption that miners would be honest rather than greedy (so yes, the kernel of payment channel networks were already on Satoshi's mind back when Bitcoin for Windows was being written EDIT: [Satoshi's plan re: `nSequence`]( and [why it's broken](  Only very basic unidirectional payment channels could be made, and it was not possible to chain payment channels (i.e. LN routing) because HTLC's weren't possible yet (and HTLC's would conflict with the use of `nLockTime` for unidirectional payment channels anyway) due to `OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY` not existing yet.  EDIT: Also, even those unidirectional payment channels were broken by transaction malleation, and only became safe despite malleation when `OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY` was activated.
So, the consensus was that scalable off-chain payments would be handled by corporations.  Consider how today a Coinbase user can pay another Coinbase user with no fees.  So you'd do that: you'd have most of your HODLings in cold storage on-chain yourself, and occasionally transact between your cold storage on-chain and your off-chain payment provider, where your "hot" funds are.  Then you'd pay using your hot funds with your payment provider.
Blockstream's Liquid Federated Sidechain is based on this idea.  It facilitates payment between payment providers by creating a federation of payment providers that operate the Liquid sidechain.  Thus, if you are a Coinbase user but you want to pay someone on say Localbitcoins, Coinbase and Localbitcoins would charge a small fee (smaller than on-chain fees) to perform the transaction on the Liquid sidechain.
Of course, that sucks, but at least you could store most of your cold funds on-chain, which was still an improvement over the fiat situation where even your cold funds are stored in a third party.
The above history is what causes the accusation that Blockstream deliberately hobbled block sizes in Bitcoin to push their Liquid sidechain solution.  Actually, if block sizes had increased to handle the expected load, the Bitcoin network would have centralized until everything would, in practice, be structured similarly to the Liquid sidechain (i.e. all Bitcoin fullnodes are run by the payment processors leading to a semicentralized network); at least Liquid would have kept the Bitcoin layer decentralized, while providing a fast semicentralized layer 2 network between payment processors (i.e. a slow and expensive decentralized trustless base layer, with a fast and cheap semicentralized trust-needing layer 2).  Basically the choice was to either bigblock (and transform Bitcoin into a single-layer semicentralized blockchain where transactions can be censored), or smallblock and use federated sidechains (and keep the base layer decentralized mainchain with uncensorable transactions while also deploying one or more semicentralized networks where transactions can be censored).
Later, when Lightning paper was released, the problem of safely opening a channel came up.  Channels could have a timeout in order to safely open channels, but that would limit channel lifetime and be very hard to deal with.  It was realized however that a malleability fix (SegWit, prototyped on the Elements sidechain, the experimentation sidechain made by Blockstream) would allow safe channel opening while not imposing a channel lifetime limit.  That's why SegWit became an important part of the LN layer 2 solution.
(It's also why accusations that Lightning will lead to hub-and-spoke networks with trusted banks, exist: they're (deliberately?) confusing Lightning with the older payment processor L2 plan.)
Strictly, LN is superior to federated sidechains like Liquid and Rootstock, because you don't have to trust a federation.  On LN, you have a lot of control over your own funds; however the funds are encumbered on-chain, and if your channel counterparty decides to screw with you (if you want to go off-Lightning and on-chain, and your channel counterparty refuses to respond to close requests), your funds can get locked and unspendable for a few days.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:06:11
said we shoud [use a topological sort]( that's O(n log n), so let's do that instead \^\^.
1.  Get unsorted txs via Graphene.
2.  Sort topologically (exact aglo TBD LOL).  Update/verify with UTXO db set somehow during topological sort.
3.  Check Merkle Tree root.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:43:30
The block size limit is imposed to prevent a rather obvious (in retrospect) attacks on the network: create a 1Gb (or 1Tb) block where all transactions are valid ***except*** the last one.
Total waste of time to download all the transactions in the block, total waste of time to validate all transactions, only to find that the last one is a lie and you have to throw away the entire block anyway.
So it is blatantly unsafe to have no size limit.  Indeed, what size limit is "reasonable" will depend on the lowest common denominator that a hopeful participant can put together, not in the typical hardware a middle-class first-worlder can field with a fraction of their income.
@_date: 2017-11-28 06:21:05
1.  Miner centralization: not a concern, surprisingly enough.  The success of the recent UASF, the continued failure of Bcash to displace Bitcoin, and the utter fiasco of 2X all show that miners don't actually have as much power as they claim to have.  They only have the power to stall (but requires coordination between them and there is strong incentive to defect from coordinating with fellow miners to stall the blockchain via tx fees) and the power to censor (ditto).  So as long as a large number of fullnodes exist and a large-enough part of the economic majority run fullnodes and not SPV nodes, miners cannot do anything without consequences.  Note that widespread SPV usage would be a tremendous disaster, though, as it would massively empower miners to arbitrarily change rules without countermand from fullnodes; thus people should be encouraged to run fullnodes (which implies keeping blocksize low).
2.  Utility: Remittances from indentured workers in first-world countries to their families in third-world countries have a lot of insane economic frictions (which most first-worlders will not even be aware of, since most of them only send to fellow first-worlders living in first-worlder aggregates like USA+Canada and EU).  Getting around those economic frictions is a big utility of Bitcoin: it crosses boundaries and transmits in hours and the fees are pretty low compared to the fees normally paid by third-worlders (up to 13 USD for a single transaction to/from a third-world country to a first-world country for a next-day deposit, which compares well to Bitcoin fees of maybe 5 USD for a next-day transfer at times of peak load on a single-layer system).  Heck if I use my local third-worlder credit card for a USD purchase online I get hit with a 5% fee and the conversion rate will be in the bank's benefit.  Also deflation: the local fiat has inflation of up to 4% and sometimes barely grazes 5%.  Deflation is good to third-worlders sufferring through high local inflation; often the local inflation doesn't even seem to be encouraging the local economy all that much because corruption.
3.  Energy use: 
@_date: 2017-11-24 07:54:20
Lightning Network up and running.
@_date: 2017-11-15 10:46:14
is fine for me but I dig several pages past the front.
There is bitcointalk.org or the Bitcoin stackexchange.
The  IRC channel is okay too.
If you like injecting Bitcoin technology into your veins for a high, lurk the bitcoin-dev mailinglist and the  IRC.
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:38:25
Or use: \[Ver's Scam Site\](http\://bitcoin.com)
e.g. [Ver's Scam Site](
@_date: 2017-11-25 06:16:41
Prolly around that yes. I remember gmax saying how he was griping about having to work on getting his keys from cold storage to claim his BCH and sell, until he did the math and realized that the hourly rate for doing it exceeded his normal wage (and he's a CTO and he was selling BCH).
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:07:44
Well yes.  I suppose by "humanity" you mean a civilization that is, to an extent, much like ours is now.  And probably a society that has outlived the stars themselves might be worthy of being called posthuman.
And yet.... well, did not the Romans think of themselves as humanity?  Or earlier civilizations?  Would they recognize us today as human, with our digital electronic slaves who can get knowledge faster than we ourselves could do, our godlike health and healing capabilities (we've started to kill plagues --- we have bid farewell to smallpox, and polio today may topple soon)?  Our ability to bring light to a room at the flick of finger --- would it not have been, not just magical, but infinitely beyond the reach of humanity, to those earlier civilizations?
Would our descendants --- or perhaps even ourselves, if we reach that mythical point where the increase in life expectancy (currently rising at about 0.1 year per year that passes) rises above the rate of one year per year --- not call themselves humans too?
LOL don't mind me, I'm just killing time at the office until I can plausibly go home, cause today's task was easy LOL.
EDIT: thanks for the reddit gold!
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:47:28
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:18:00
[And gmax has spoken!]( Well, turns out reducing block transaction from the entire block to the txids in Compact Blocks did a lot of the win, and the 10x more that Graphene gives is just not good enough, especially if we have to do O(n log n) stuff like this to define a canonical ordering, or if we reduce to 2x if we allow arbitrary ordering.
@_date: 2019-12-29 09:19:03
If it is RBF-flagged then you could in theory just create an alternative that spends the same inputs, pays higher fees, and then sends back the remaining amount to an address you control.  But note that there is still a race condition where a miner to whom your replacement has not yet been propagated manages to find a new block with your current transaction.  And most wallets don't support this even if they support RBF, they usually just support deducting from your change output to bump up the fee.
@_date: 2017-11-06 08:53:09
Ah, okay.  The second procedure does not make much sense to me though, I don't quite understand how that would get done.... to me, "set" is `std::unordered_set` or `std::set`, so, dunno...?
Let me try to clarify your first procedure then:
1.  Get the unordered transaction set by Graphene.
2.  Move transactions into linked list of transactions O(n).
3.  Sort transactions O(n log n).  Put this linked list into "todo" list.
4.  For each node in "todo" list: check all inputs of the transaction.  If all referred UTXOs are already in the UTXO db, delete the input UTXOs from the UTXO db, insert the output UTXOs into the UTXO db, remove the node and add it to the "merkle-tree" list.  Otherwise move to the next node.
5.  If "todo" list is non-empty: if iteration count &lt; MAX_DEPENDENCY_DEPTH, goto 4.  Otherwise reject block as invalid.
6.  Pass the "merkle-tree" to the merkle tree algo and verify it matches the purported block header, otherwise reject block as invalid.
MAX_DEPENDENCY_DEPTH reduces the n in the O( n^2 ) to MAX_DEPENDENCY_DEPTH constant.
@_date: 2019-12-11 01:53:09
Why? It's better if everyone can see your questions and answers here.
@_date: 2017-11-14 03:00:23
After a few days of thinking, I like it better now. Lightning has a parameter that indicates a reserve for each channel. A depleted (to me) channel is one that only has the reserve assigned to me. Now  the reserve is generally small enough I can shrug it off but if I have a few dozen depleted channels the reserve can add up to a usable channel or two. So this gives us better UX as the software can keep the reserve smaller in practice without onchain activity.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:19:49
Let me just inject a bit of caution and recommend that you take some of that Euro and buy a Trezor or Ledger.  And probably a fireproof safe or two you can install at, dunno, someone you trust?  Parents?  Fiance?  A really really really close friend who you can plausibly kill if he/she does something to your funds?  Keep the hardware and the seeds in separate safes.  Etc.
@_date: 2019-12-05 15:43:58
This is incorrect. Bitcoin's resistance to censorship is only based on block fees, not block subsidies (because a censoring majority miner will earn the same subsidies as a non-censoring one, but a non-censoring miner will earn fees on top of the block subsidy).  In many ways it's the censorship-resistance that's at all interesting, and other kinds of attack-resistance (i.e. double-spend-resistance) can simply be waited out (i.e. increase minimum confirmations).
@_date: 2017-11-23 06:57:15
It could become centralized, but basic analysis of the incentives suggests that ordinary people will form meshes rather than treed hub-and-spoke networks.
Suppose the network is currently hub-and-spoke and all nodes connect to a central node C, and only C has more than one channel (all other nodes only have a single channel to C).  Because of this centralization, C jacks up the routing fees (as it has a monopoly on all routing fees) and has total control over the Lightning Network.
Adam and Bob want to transact regularly, and are forced to pay through C.  However, they know that the base layer is decentralized, permissionless, and uncensorable, so they know that they can make a direct channel between Adam and Bob (C cannot prevent this creation since the direct channel is created on the uncensorable blockchain layer and only requires the cooperation of Adam, Bob, and a Bitcoin miner willing to take their on-chain fee).  Thus, if Adam and Bob know they will transact with each other very regularly, they can agree to pool together some money to pay an on-chain fee and create a channel between them to enjoy 0-fee transactions indefinitely.
Now suppose also Bob and Debbie also find that they want to transact regularly.  They too can have a channel between them (and C remains unable to prevent the formation of this channel) to enjoy 0-fee transactions between Bob and Debbie.
Now if Adam then wants to transact with Debbie, they now have a choice: they can route via C, or route via Bob.  Thus, Bob is now a competitor to C (at least with regards to Adam and Debbie) and both C and Bob will now attempt to undercut each other's fee in order to keep the Adam&lt;-&gt;Debbie fees for themselves.  This will continue until the fees become very low and it no longer particularly matters for Adam and Debbie which route they take.
Thus, the above basic analysis suggests that LN will not centralize (every node can compete with any other node for routing fees), as long as the base blockchain layer remains decentralized, permissionless, and uncensorable.
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:10:04


In the same way that mining is theoretically vulnerable to a Sybil attack.  You know, you sacrifice (economic power to purchase|electrical power to hash) in order to force some signal on the (market|blockchain).
The advantage is that a digital token is easier to arbitrage than electrical power, so you can generally expect digital tokens to follow economic power much more closely than electrical power will follow economic power.


I wonder if there is some mechanism to remove third-party trust when it comes to market transactions.
@_date: 2019-12-19 16:32:37
You know, most of those traders are worth shit.
They're just betting on what are effectively coin tosses.  50% chance a stock goes up, 50% chance a stock goes down.
If they predict a whopping 10 stock movements accurately, you might think they're something and are smart.
But that's only a 1-in-1024 chance.  In short, if you took 1024 trader wannabes, after 10 bets, you're likely to have 1 trader who is too full of himself or herself, even though they haven't done much better than random chance.
Just ignore them, because it is precisely that they know nothing that they seem to be so wise.
@_date: 2017-11-24 08:30:26
Quantum computing speeds up things that can be hacked by Shor's algorithm.
That includes integer factorization and the discrete log problem.
The discrete log problem is the basis of elliptic-curve cryptography, like Bitcoin's ECDSA.  Problem?
Not really, not if you:
1.  Use P2PKH or P2SH (or SegWit P2WPKH, P2WSH, P2SH-P2WPKH, P2SH-P2WSH)
2.  Don't reuse addresses
Quantum computing does not improve hashing.  So hashing is not breakable by Quantum computers.
The "H" in P2PKH and P2SH addresses stands for "Hash".
Like I said, hashing is not breakable by quantum computing because hashes are not reversible by Shor's algorithm.
So Bitcoin is safe if you use P2PKH/P2SH (and the SegWit variants) and you don't reuse addresses (because spending from an address reveals the public key behind the hash, which will let Quantum computers start hacking the private key).
@_date: 2019-06-17 08:52:51
***Assumming*** Satoshi holds 1M coins (he probably didn't: nullc has hinted that he's annoyed that people assume only Satoshi mined the first year, with the implication that nullc was also an early miner), then he holds less than 10% of the supply at this point, and that is steadily shrinking.  Most other coins being gamed this way have 50% or more of the supply held by their creators.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:56:09
I'm not pure libertarian either.  I'd like to see them pure libertarians *try* though.  It would be interesting if they succeed, and maybe my kids can go join them if so.  I wouldn't bet my own life on it though, LOL.
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:07:38
There are hardware with known vulnerabilities, there's the possibility your actual hardware has an unknown vulnerability, which cannot be protected by TAILS.
Depends, I suppose, if you're handling a few thousand USD, or a few million.  For the former you might be willing to risk running TAILS on your normal computer online for short periods, for the latter, you better use one of the really stringent cold storage protocols.
@_date: 2019-12-19 07:21:01
Wasabi, complicated?  It's not.  Send 100mBTC to Wasabi, add to mix, wait, get mixed coins.  WTF?
@_date: 2019-10-03 05:02:45
Developing Bitcoin is a political act.  It stands as a rejection of certain kinds of political structure, and is an expression of the techno-anarchic ethos of the cypherpunks, the same group from which BitTorrent arose.
Knowledge must be free to all who can utilize the information, hence BitTorrent, and money must be controlled by those who produce utility, hence Bitcoin.
Far more effective than mere voting for fallible inconsistent humans, with Bitcoin you are voting for consistent rules and regulations on how Bitcoin functions.  If that is not a policy decision --- a political act --- then nothing is a political act and "politics" is meaningless.  The mere act of writing a line of code of Bitcoin is the same act that imposes the rules later enforced by the network, hence policy decision, hence political.
@_date: 2019-06-26 09:00:11
Mental image: Trump in nice leather shoes --- and only one foot has a sock.
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:47:56
Your proposal requires a hardfork to implement unless you use a new SegWit script version number. Using a SegWit script version number would not allow the opcode to be used in `scriptPubKey`, meaning you would lock the money into P2WSH with a OP_IF or MAST conditional.
Consider making your opcodes VERIFY type affairs, that do not pop or push items on the stack, do that an OP_NOP can be replaced.
proposed an OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY which requires two stack items, a block height and  block hash. The opcode passes only if the block at specified height has the specified block hash, and does not change stack.
objects to this as it violates transaction SCRIPT purity. This is the principle that an OP code should only operate on the stack, or on the transaction it is executing in (OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY checks `nLockTime` of the tx, not the current time / height). proposed adding a "hidden" field to txs for the blockhash at blockheight checking.
OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHTVERIFY can be defeated by a hostile hardfork also hardforking in to return it to OP_NOP in the fork, so if a hardfork really wants to be a PITA it will also do that anyway. So hardforks are really going to need to be cooperative with legacy chain anyway.
@_date: 2017-11-07 03:19:11
Somebody discusses on the bitcoin-dev mailinglist a plan to upgrade Bitcoin via hardfork.
He or she writes up a Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP).
Everyone on the bitcoin-dev mailinglist jumps in and starts attacking it until no more obvious bugs in the proposal remain.  Or everybody ignores it because nobody cares, in which case it doesn't stand a chance.
Somebody assigns a BIP number to the proposal.
When all the kinks are ironed out in the proposal, people start discussing deployment.
Code starts getting written, hopefully by more than the person who proposed it, depending on the size of the change.
A testnet for the hardfork code gets started and everyone jumps on that testnet, hacks it, and tries to make it fail.
Somebody "finalizes" (ha, ha) the code changes and submits a pull request to the bitcoin/bitcoin repository on github.com
The fact of the pull request is mentioned on the mailinglist and/or bitcoin-wizards IRC.  Everybody on the mailinglist or IRC then jumps on the pull request and starts hacking it apart.
When everybody who jumped on the pull request and has a valid objection accepts the changes to the pull request (i.e. writes ACK in the comments), people start planning on merging in the pull request and releasing a new version of Bitcoin.
The new version is released and everyone is told to upgrade to it or else they will diverge on block # whatever.
2X fails here in that they never submitted a BIP for review and they did not make a pull request to bitcoin/bitcoin on github.com.  Therefore it is not Bitcoin, as it does not properly follow the procedure for getting upgrades into Bitcoin.
Edit: Personally, I am of the persuasion that from now on, hardforks of Bitcoin will never become feasible ever again, even if backed by Core developers.  Every hardfork will be an invitation to launch a new altcoin.  Instead, only softforks from now on will be feasible.  This isn't so bad: SegWit is a malleability fix with a blocksize increase and incentive to reduce UTXO set, all packaged in a softfork.  It does that by virtually moving witness to an "extension" area that does not get propagated to pre-softfork nodes, and committing to the extension area (the "witness") in the coinbase of the block.  Every future modification of Bitcoin can do the same technique: extra data is put into an extension area that is not shared with pre-softfork nodes, the data in the extra part is committed to in the coinbase.  This can even be used for all future blocksize increases, although what data we can move out of transactions is a bit iffy at this point.  Or maybe entire classes of transactions can be moved into extension areas, i.e. something like merge-mined sidechains, except mainchain fullnodes fully verify the extension area if they are upgraded.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:30:26
No, I don't think bcash has a future.  Or rather, I don't think it has a future that people would in general want.
Bitcoin is being developed by a large group of people, often called "Core", composed of hundreds of individuals from various companies (some of whom develop Bitcoin just because they can, and not in behalf of their employer).  The improvements currently on the way point towards increased privacy and speed of transactions.
1.  MAST - Improves privacy, reduces transaction size for some transactions significantly (estimate 10-15% more transactions per block).
2.  Bellare-Neven (often miscalled Schnorr) signatures - Reduce transaction size for many transactions slightly (estimate 10-20% more transactions per block).  Also enables many off-chain protocols being indistinguishable from each other on-chain, improving privacy.
3.  Lightning Network - Allows on-Lightning transactions to occur at a faster confirmation rate without touching the blockchain for many transactions, amortizing on-chain fees across multiple on-Lightning fees, and incentivizing running of fullnodes.
Lightning Network is enabled by SegWit, and both MAST and Bellare-Neven will be simpler to implement with SegWit's script versioning capability.
Since Bcash refuses to use SegWit, they are deliberately hobbling themselves in this race to become a truly global currency.
(Note that some Bcashers think that Lightning can work with "any" malleability fix.  What Lightning needs is not a malleability fix per se, but instead a separation of signature from transaction,i.e. a SEGregation of the WITness.  The fact that SegWit not only separates the signature from the transaction but also fixes transaction malleability is at this point largely a nice academic fact.  [I explain in more detail here](
@_date: 2019-04-02 03:02:42
There isn't.  Proof-of-work implies that only the chain with the most proof-of-work is safe from attack.  Every other proof-of-work chain is going to be potentially attackable by someone with more hashpower than the chain has.
And proof-of-stake cannot replace this either, as it is simply obscured proof-of-work.
@_date: 2017-11-10 04:37:00
@_date: 2019-06-18 02:13:52
23 degrees Celsius is summer heat?  Or is it 91 degrees Fahrenheit?
In my country, normal outside temperature year-round can reach 30 degrees Celsius (86 Fahrenheit) without any mining equipment involved.
@_date: 2017-11-18 02:56:01
Where 2X is going, we don't need no stinkin BIP!
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:51:08
@_date: 2019-12-11 01:47:08
NO.  Transactions are visible onchain.  Anybody can see that you transferred from one wallet to another, **especially** if you transfer all the funds in a single big chunk, that's very obvious.  You need to learn more about the details of breaking transaction privacy, starting [here](  For one, ***there is no such thing as wallets***, only UTXOs.  You need to learn a good bit more, and you risk leaking your privacy with what you currently know about.
@_date: 2019-12-11 01:37:55
Yes.  You need to use mixers.  The only ones that are trustless are Wasabi and JoinMarket.  Wasabi is easy to use but only mixes in units of 100mBTC or thereabouts.  JoinMarket allows mixing of arbitrary amounts but is harder to use.
All transactions are visible onchain and you need to be aware of ways to mislead or break chains of payments.
@_date: 2019-04-29 07:17:17
Yes, though one could say this isn't near-consensus and thus "little" support in a protocol that demands lockstep consensus.  Regardless, most either supported BIP148 or 149 or both, and both 148 and 149 were UASFs of some kind.  It's only 148 that is "the" UASF since it's what managed to push SegWit v0 through, but 149 was also a UASF in spirit, though mooted since 148 did the job anyway.
So maybe: "What Core developers did *not* almost-consensus support was *early* Segiwt v0 UASF."
@_date: 2019-12-04 02:38:43
It's possible to *accurately* fit that number, *in satoshis*, in a *double-precision float*.  Specifically, double-precision floats have a 53-bit mantissa, meaning it can be 9007199254740992 satoshi, or 90,071,992 BTC.  So there's still some leeway for a higher supply while still being representable without loss of precision in a double-precision float.
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:35:50
For spending of funds from addresses owned by a single entity, it is possible to arrange things so that a single signature is valid for all inputs.
If you've got a single UTXO, you gain nothing.
If you've got a half-dozen UTXOs, you generate a single signature for all public keys used.  Signatures are 64 bytes in length, so for an N-input transaction, you save ((N - 1) * 64) bytes.  However, note that signatures from SegWit are in the witness area and have lower weight.
Actually, Schnorr signatures should be called Bellare-Neven; Schnorr signatures are unsound when naively extended to multisig due to signature cancellation, Bellare-Neven fixes the vulnerability; also, Schnorr is kind of a jerk \[[Dryja, T., 2017](
An issue with B-N signatures is that they will need a new script version, so probably addresses need to be updated and wallets need to be updated (again!), and very likely you first need to move from Legacy/SegWit-ECDSA to SegWit-B-N addresses, the details are being ironed out.
@_date: 2019-12-19 19:16:42
How?  Industrial espionage is a thing.  Once somebody knows how to make the best possible miners, they can make it.  So the only edge they need is being more customer-friendly, being willing to have a smaller profit margin, etc., and miners would be as common as ballpens.  The only thing stopping that would be patents, which are market distortions and legal fictions anyway.
@_date: 2019-06-19 22:18:25
A transaction destroys UTXOs fed into it as inputs, and creates new UTXOs as its outputs. Think of a tx as a smelting operation: it melts down a number of coins and creates new ones.
So if you want to give recipient 0.2 BTC, the most efficient way would be a single tx that dstroys both your UTXOs and creates a single one for the recipient.
A more private way would be to get 2 different addresses from recipient, then sending each UTXO into its own tx and outputted to one of the recipient's addresses, making two transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-06 08:03:32
Needs more nuance.  The dev being Gavin Andresen is evidence against the idea being properly thought through, because we have previous evidence that some of his ideas weren't thought through.  Still, it doesn't need to be thrown away outright.  Maybe just a bit of further thought can fix it, or maybe it's trash, just think it through a bit (or a lot, more likely).
@_date: 2017-11-06 05:13:36
Bellare-Neven signatures (often incorrectly called Schnorr signatures) will use a new SegWit script version.  This is a softfork.  Without SegWit it would have either required something as invasive as SegWit without the SegWit benefits to be a softfork, or a hardfork.
Aggregation can also be a softfork on top of Bellare-Neven.  Or maybe Core will deploy both Bellare-Neven and aggregation at the same time.
Why "Bellare-Neven"?  Because Schnorr signatures, as-is, are subject to the cancellation problem in multisignature case, Bellare-Neven fixes that and includes a proof that they're correct.  Also, Schnorr is kind of a jerk ([Dryja, T., 2017](
@_date: 2019-04-10 10:49:54
Um.  Hashes are already quantum resistant.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:50:10
One thing I've been wondering about is why payment processors don't perform CPFP for customers.
I mean, a lot of online businesses will deliver goods for BTC, and it's not like they can start delivery as soon as they receive the BTC, but most payment processors I've seen require at least 1 confirmation within 30 minutes or shit happens.  But the actual selling business won't even start processing the order until say the next day anyway.
So I've always thought, why can't the selling business just "batch" any unconfirmed transactions from customers it sees at midnight and use a CPFP transaction to itself?  And ensure that by start of the next business day when the humans start looking at confirmed orders and putting products in boxes or whatever, those transactions are confirmed?
@_date: 2019-04-11 07:43:43
The following might get into the next major softfork "SegWitV1":
1.  `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`
2.  Schnorr.
3.  Taproot.
4.  MAST.
5.  Signature aggregation (within a transaction).
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:04:40
Inter-bank or same bank?  Because to transfer money from my account to a merchant's bank (merchant is in Germany but they have a TransferWise bank account in the USA) costs 29 PHP, and that's after a few weeks because they have to go check with AMLA that I'm not trying to launder money or something.  That's about ~0.58 USD.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:06:48
And when somebody calls it "Mcash", go I AM A SELF-MADE MULTI-MILLIONAIRE YOU CAN'T DISRESPECT ME \_|\_
@_date: 2017-11-11 08:06:11
You are wrong. Without SegWit channels have fixed max duration, the whole point of requiring SegWit was removing that duration.
Channels have maximum amount but that is the value backing it onchain. Since channels are bidirectional, channels are still useful even if all of the backing value is assigned to your counterparty: you can use the channel to receive funds and you can earn routing fees if someone uses that open channel to route through you.
There is no reason for you to close a channel that has no funds assigned to you: your counterparty can no longer steal from you on the channel (you have no funds on it) and the open channel is an opportunity to earn routing fees.
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:19:38
@_date: 2019-06-10 05:45:38
Except banks are custodial, thus cannot be trusted, while Lightning Network channels are non-custodial: you can trust your own node's accounting that it won't inflate the money in your direct channels (because that would devalue your own node's money), and trust in the self-interest of the other nodes (they would not devalue their own money unless they're as stupid as you appear to be).
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:19:56
Eh, the libertarians have some pretty interesting constructs for an ungoverned state.  Take the Assurance Contract.  In it, someone promises to build some common good (a street, a park, a hospital building), in exchange for X amount of money.  People "commit" some money to the contract.  If after N days, the total amount doesn't reach the requested X amount of money, the contract is cancelled and the people who contributed get the amount they put in back.  If X is reached, it's held in escrow until the street/park/building is built (or another timeout O days is reached), then it's released to the provider.
*Assuming* we somehow have some way to enforce the contract (and some crazies are pointing at blockchains and smart contracts to somehow implement this without a government --- but then ***WHO*** would you trust to write and give the correct data to the smart contract?) then it would actually work to provide a variety of things that today would require taxation.  It would arguably also be fairer, as it is the ones who voluntarily pay for it who are expected to have (ha!) done a cost-benefit analysis and realized that the common shared good gives them greater benefit than the cost they have to pay (as opposed to the current situation where taxation is imposed involuntarily, and taxpayers may end up paying for something that they themselves will not benefit from).
Indeed, the dream (fantasy?) is a cybernetic society, where small open-source programs running independently on open-source hardware serve as impartial judges on everything (but again, ***WHO*** would you trust to review the programs and make sure they cannot be  hacked, ***WHO*** would you trust to build the hardware and know it was built correctly?).
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:25:23
A P2SH address spending to a definitely non-spendable script is a reliable burn address.
For example, you could create a `redeemScript` of `OP_RETURN "almkglor is so cool"`, hash it and encode as P2SH or P2WSH, and that would reliably be unspendable.
("Raw" `OP_RETURN` outputs must have value 0 to be `isStandard`, so an `OP_RETURN` output with non-0 value (which would also be provably a burn address) would be hard to get mined without cooperation from a mining pool; fortunately P2SH/P2WSH hides `OP_RETURN` so you can have a value non-0 to such an address).
@_date: 2019-04-17 03:54:08
Utreexo.  It reduces the need to store UTXO sets, but now transactions have additional data (how the UTXO set accumulator is changed) on transport. I.e. trades off local storage usage for additional bandwidth usage.  So depends on how you define "tiny".  If you think smaller local storage is "tiny", sure.  If you think smaller bandwidth usage is "tiny", nope.
@_date: 2019-04-05 04:21:08
If you know the xpub, you can make a watch-only wallet safely on clearnet.  Download a new Electrum and set it up as a [watch-only wallet](
1.  Turn off computer, disconnect Internet (just to be paranoid), shut down the router.
2.  Boot up Tails with old Electrum.  Ask Electrum the Master Public Key (it starts with "xpub") and write it down precisely (upper/lowercase matters!).  Should be in one of the menus.  Write down a few addresses from this also, just to double-check later.
3.  Turn off computer again, reconnect Internet.
4.  Boot up normal OS.  Set up watch-only wallet using the xpub.
4.  Double-check you're getting the same addresses as you got from the full wallet on the Tails bootup.
5.  Burn the paper you wrote the xpub on (just to be paranoid).  It's probably safe if somebody sees it (they can't steal it) but you don't want people watching your money other than you anyway.
6.  If you want to keep buying from Coinbase (really???),  you can use the watch-only wallet to receive.
Since it's watch-only, you can't send *from* it.  That'll have to wait until you can update Tails.  If you're mostly saving and not spending, than this should keep your savings safe as you won't ever let your private keys touch a possibly-insecure OS.
@_date: 2017-11-12 02:38:34
1. There are no hubs. Everything is just a node. You might define a "hub" as a node with high connectivity and uptime, but that is easier to achieve than miners needing high uptime, high connectivity and hashrate.
2. A cheating node is liable to punishment. A smart contract ensures that violation of LN rules can be executed on the blockchain and a cheating node would lose its funds on the channel it is trying to cheat.
3. Payment routes are sent via an onion construction, which means each hop only knows the direct source and direct destination, and has insufficient information to usefully censor (and censorship means no fees). This is unlike mining, where miners can judge transactions to censor "in the clear", they just sacrifice fees.
@_date: 2017-11-20 08:41:13
If you are a typical person, you will be running a Windows PC.  Windows PCs are, in practice, anyone-can-use PCs.  Meaning random hackers can gain access to bits and pieces of your Windows PC and possibly copy any private keys you have and steal your 2.0 BTC.  Note that typical antivirus packages may not detect every piece of malware in existence that could steal your coins.  Linux and MacOS are safer, although if you don't install security updates regularly you may have known vulnerabilities, as well as the (low) risk of an unknown vulnerability lurking somewhere and potentially being used to steal your keys and therefore your coins.
Hardware wallets ensure that the key is in the hardware device and is never in any PC, and are not accessible over the Internet, reducing the attack surface.
For such high amounts as 2.0 BTC I would recommend either paper or hardware wallet.  Consider that 2.0 BTC is about $16,000 today and a hardware wallet is only $100 or so.
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:48:41
Names are not real.  They are only labels.  I could call myself XYZZY and make a true identity out of it, yet have it only be an aspect of the entirety of my being.  There is no true name.  Right @_date: 2019-04-30 22:59:45
Also [gwern](wrote an article laying out the probability that Craig Wright exists.  Totally legit man!
@_date: 2019-06-27 01:17:37
This is normal.  Addresses do not contain money.
Instead, coins (more formally called "UTXO") contain money.  Every coin has an attached address.
When you spend a coin, its entire value is spent.  So what gets done is that you create two coins (splitting the value of the existing coin you are spending).  One coin goes to the destination..  The other coin goes back to you, to an address that your wallet software controls (or should control).
Depending on how well-designed your wallet software is, it should be possible to spend the coin that goes back to you again, even if the transaction is unconfirmed.
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:29:14
No coverage for much of Asia and all of Australia and New Zealand. I live in the Philippines, it isn't covered.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:16:40
A Ledger looks like a USB flash drive but is not one, definitely.  Basically what I described above (having a permanently-offline computer) is what it does.  The permanently-offline computer is built into the Ledger.
You could save your wallet.dat file into a USB flash drive but the private keys will get loaded into your computer's memory when you use it, where it is vulnerable to malware getting at them.  You might safely do this if you're using a Linux box or better an OpenBSD box.  If you're using Windows, no way is that safe.  If you're using MaOS, dunno, maybe halfway safe?
Or you could decide it's just complicated and risk it, especially if the amount is relatively trivial.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:01:34
This brings up the question: How's he going to flip the bird when somebody calls it "Bnut Bnut Bnut" to his face, if one of his balls isn't there anymore?
@_date: 2017-11-21 07:29:15
fucking hell yeah.
@_date: 2017-11-16 03:47:09
Economic patterns will tell. If Tether is tradable at a premium (i.e. you pay &gt;=1.0 USD for a USDT) then expect Tether supply to increase. If Tether is lower than a USD then expect Tether supply to decrease.
It's if Tether is less valued than USD while supply of Tether is increasing that indicates a failure of the peg.
Looking at various sites indicates 1 USDT = 1.0068 to 1.01 USD as of time of this writing. So an increase in Tether supply, by whatever means, is expected.
Just pay attention to the USDT to USD exchange rate and watch Tether supply. Tether supply will lag behind the USDT to USD rate, so if USDT/USD &lt; 1.0 while Tether supply is increasing, it would still be somewhat expected for a day or two.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:56:27
Somewhere between 1 satoshi to 21 million bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-04-17 03:03:16
Yah, because you think and emote with your genitals, not your brain.
@_date: 2019-06-11 12:00:45
87 points submitted 10 minutes ago? Something smells fishy here. et al.
@_date: 2019-04-15 00:43:21
You do realize that salaries of such workers tend to increase slower than the inflation rate?  And that bonuses and raises offered to them are just enough to be a little beyond the inflation rate?  That this is being used to make it appear as if their rewards are bigger than they actually are?
@_date: 2019-04-30 23:28:13
C-Lightning uses a modified form of [Bellman-Ford routing](  Here's about the algo: 
But this is asinine in any case.  The "Nobel-prize-winning" level of work requires **finding the *optimal* route**.  We don't need no *optimal* route.  We just need *some* route that isn't excessively high in fees.  And if a route fails because your information is stale, you just mark the channels on that route as having larger cost than usual and try finding another route.  It's not a problem.
I mean: suppose you have an old map of a city and have to go from point A to point B.  You pick a route, and it turns out that one of the streets has been closed and is now a shopping mall.  Do you give up and say "this is an NP-hard problem and I can never reach point B!"? No, you just cross out that street from your map and figure out a different route.  It's not an NP-hard problem when you can just brute-force it acceptably 99% of the time.
@_date: 2019-04-30 23:11:30
Anything that is not Bitcoin does not belong in a shopping list of crypto.
@_date: 2019-12-19 07:10:20
You, son, of a bitch I'm in
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:35:25
Yes, "social justice" and "libertarian" are not opposed, and there is nothing inherently opposing "libertarian anarcho-capitalist" to "liberal".  Climate change is an externality, and hence equivalent to a tax levied on the rest of the world by corporations who refuse to cap their carbon emission: if an ancap would react badly to taxation of a small area on Earth by a government, they should react even more badly to taxation of the entire Earth by a corporation.  You know, shit like that.  Bitcoin is not inherently "conservative", it's a fucking revolution, it's "rebellious conservative" that's an oxymoron.
@_date: 2019-12-19 18:37:10
It actually does bode well --- it breaks monopolies on next-generation miners that is the basis of the success some years ago of companies like BitMain; they build next-gen miners, run them, then once they develop next-next-gen they sell their used next-gen miners, which becomes the "current gen" miners.
With no next-gen (because we've hit physical limits), miners of equal quality to the latest available will start spreading out, with refurbished miners being almost as good as brand new ones, making mining more decentralized.
@_date: 2017-11-14 09:49:53
Bitcoin currently has no confidentiality on the value of transactions. Anyone can see how much money a BTC address has received.
Confidential transactions encrypts the value so that the public cannot see how much money goes into each address.
It uses two components:
1. A "homomorphic" encryption. This is a special encryption that allows you to confirm the addition of two encrypted values. For example somebody could give you the encrypted value of 5 and the encrypted value of 7, and you would do some computation and get the encrypted value of 12. You can do this without knowing the actual unencrypted value. This is used to ensure that a confidential transaction does not make its output greater than its input.
2. A "rangeproof". With homomorphic encryption I could give a tx with an encrypted 5 BTC input and two outputs, encrypted +10 and encrypted -10. I can thus inflate the supply by forgetting to ever redeem the -10 BTC. The rangeproif is a proof that my encrypted values are not negative.
@_date: 2017-11-06 10:31:32
This is more than enough, KarmaNote!  Graphene got a hefty discussion (though I personally would have gone for Script2.0).  Hoping there's hefty discussion for Scriptless Script, it's really awesome, ***off-chain smart contracts WOOOOOOOOT*** yah Ethereum you're useless!
@_date: 2017-11-06 05:00:58
@_date: 2017-11-09 04:15:33
"C++13" well last I heard the standards were C++98 C++03 C++11 C++14 C++17, what is this guy smoking?
@_date: 2017-11-12 09:02:51
Like the other commenter said, replace by fee exists already.
Unfortunately almost no wallet implements this. Electrum hides it by default, and even when enabled you need to click a check box for each send you make.
Wallets should enable it by default and let you do replacement.
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:23:17
Now in cold storage.
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:34:24
This is metallism, which holds that money should have some kind of "inherent" value.  The problem is that value is subjective.  Sure, Gold is "useful" in that it can be used for jewelry, can be used for IC manufacturing, etc. etc.  But to a starving man on a deserted island, gold has no value despite other uses it has.  All value is subjective, in the sense that it is a property of a relation between subject and object, and not objective in the sense that it is a property of the object alone.
The point of a market is to resolve differences in value.  I do not value gold, but I value something else, such as Bitcoin.  So if I ever come upon some gold, I will exchange it to someone for Bitcoin.  Free markets are pure subjectivity (subjectivity of value), used to resolve objective difficulties in procuring things whose values we have subjective opinions on.  There is no "objective" value.  "Usefulness" itself is subjective, since if you have no way to utilize whatever "use" you might imagine (e.g. you are not a jeweler who is capable of skillfully shaping gold into attractive jewelry yourself), then the thing is useless to you anyway, and there may be more things that thing is useful for that you *cannot* imagine, but which other people *can*.
Bitcoin is fiat.  The difference lies not in "fiat"-ness, but instead in *how difficult it is to procure*, which is the entire point of a free market.  We have designed Bitcoin so that the difficulty to procure it is as equal as we can make it: anyone can mine, even people who live in dystopian socialist governments powerful enough to censor the frigging Internet from their citizenry can be miners.  The same cannot be said of central-bank-backed fiat currencies, where there is a massive inequality between who can legally generate the currency and who cannot (all laws are merely economic distortions: everybody has a price).
@_date: 2017-04-24 20:47:01
I saw another thread which reported something similar - BU crashes, owner tries to run core, core crashes.  They thought it was HDD failure.  Could it be yet another bug where BU writes incorrect data to HDD instead just before crashing?
@_date: 2019-12-05 13:24:31
At some point, with payment points+scalars, and "barrier escrows", it would be possible to make such arrangements.  In your case some amount of trust would be necessary to ensure that losers will not abort the protocol though.
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:06:00
Reviewing the video, he rolls his eyes upwards and makes a guesstimate on the spot that's 50%.  It might not actually work out that way.


CPFP is just one problem.  The other problem is that Merkle Trees are inherently ordered.  Each tree node has a left and right sub-tree/leaf.  You need full ordering because you need to know whether a transaction goes to the left or to the right sub-node/leaf, at ***all*** levels of the Merkle tree.  You could sacrifice CPFP and force some canonical ordering on every block, but a chain of transactions would not be possible in a single block, you'd need individual blocks for that.
It may be possible to do this but it requires a lot more work than it seems, I think.
@_date: 2019-06-28 08:26:17
The punishment under Decker-Russell-Osuntokun is that your theft attempt does nothing.  I guess the disincentive is simply that you won't get anything anyway; frustration, haha.  In addition, by attempting a theft, the channel gets closed, so if you're a forwarding node then you have less opportunity to forward and less fees (though fees are low enough that theft attempt is probably more likely to get you funds).
In any case, Decker-Russell-Osuntokun is "just" the update system.  It's possible to use Decker-Russell-Osuntokun at the channel factory layer (since it is multiparticipant) while using the punitive Poon-Dryja at the channel layer.  Since channel factories are multiparticipant, it's much more likely that at least one other participant is online to correct a theft attempt, and the channel layer is still punitive.  Closing the factory layer leaves the channels inside it still open, so forwarding is still possible (so that a single bad participant will not negatively effect the ability of others in the factory to send and receive funds over the channels in the factory).  It seems a good balance there.  Drawback is the CSV minimum restriction gets applied to the channel layer still (this is unavoidable, and if you're using a Decker-Russell-Osuntokun channel inside a Decker-Russell-Osuntokun factory you'd have to add the CSV minimums of both the channel and the factory for the effective CSV minimum of the channel layer).


It's not :).  There's a lot of stuff that's still incoming that I didn't write up because dammit the post is long already.  Proper non-altruistic paid watchtowers, channel factories (we might start with simple "close-only" factories that don't support reorganizing channels inside the factory but still compact multiple channels into a single onchain UTXO), splicing, dual-funding... on and on.
@_date: 2019-04-01 09:56:10
Some hardware wallets did the right thing and used commodity-sourceable hardware and open-sourced their software.  So those can be modified at least.  Admittedly you're still better off contributing to the open-source project so that people have a chance to look over your patches before committing, but still: you already have access to the firmware of the wallet.
@_date: 2019-10-09 08:26:48
WTF.  for the most recent.  It happens at least once a year.
@_date: 2019-12-11 02:52:56
NO.  You have no real deniability here.  You are better off using tried-and-tested privacy tools like Wasabi or JoinMarket.
@_date: 2017-11-23 04:36:35
Past half of Q4 2017 :(
@_date: 2017-11-23 12:39:20
Channels are limited to 167 mBTC backing. Someone with 0.5 BTC needs to have at least 3 channels just to put all of those on Lightning. So you want to connect to 3 other nodes anyway. And there will also be 3 other nodes who'd want to connect and are likely to connect to you. Boom, you're a little hub.
@_date: 2017-11-21 10:10:55
Eh, what?
And what's with this paragraph?  I don't understand it:


... wait, so an overwhelming percentage of transactions happen on Lightning, but two-thirds of transactions happen on the blockchain? Huh?  What do they mean by "volume" exactly anyway?  BTC value or number of transactions?  The point is that Bitcoin can't scale number of transactions, BTC value scaling is trivial as it's just a number.
Also LOL at the 1.0 BTC always model, like anyone is going to behave like that.
Here's a simpler and probably more accurate model: 
1.  People will prefer either on-Lightning or on-chain based on how much other people prefer it.
2.  Thus, if either on-Lightning or on-chain has an advantage on fee rates, the effect will snowball until all people transact primarily on-Lightning, or on-chain.
3.  On-Lightning scales O(1) while on-chain scales O( n^2 ).  Go figure.
@_date: 2019-04-08 09:31:34
There is no single LN team.  There are at least 4 teams working on BOLT-compliant implementations.
As a sometime contributor to one of the LN implementations, my position is:
1.  The block size currently we have (4 Mweight) is perfectly adequate for the current levels we expect to have.
2.  The LN can be expected to leverage the current blocksize to effectively increase transaction rates.  My personal assessment is that LN is equivalent to between a 100x to 1000x increase in supportable transaction rates.
3.  On top of that channel factories will further leverage the current blocksize.  My personal assessment is that channel factories will be equivalent to a 10x increase in supportable transaction rates.  Note that channel factories are not yet started implementation, meaning we still have room to grow into this without being forced to play the "increase block size" card yet.
4.  If you think LN is progressing too slow, then do what I did, viz. contribute to development.  Or in other words: put up or shut up.


No, but there is no need for a block size increase, and Luke's proposal would help people like me actually get a fullnode running (yes, I've contributed to a LN implementation without being able to actually run a fullnode myself, because Internet sucks in my country; fortunately a basic Internet connection and some haxxing skillz0rs is sufficient to contribute on github).
I understand a lot of people find a block size decrease "looney" so I won't press for it, but neither will I budge on a block size increase either.
I suggest that you contribute to the code, even as just a review.  Then maybe you might gain some right to express a technical opinion on a technical matter.  Doesn't even have to be one of the 4 LN implementations, or Bitcoin Core.  Try contributing to Bitcoin's FIBRE network, which should tell you a lot about why the blocksize limit of 4Mweight exists.  Or P2Pool so you understand the effects of block size increases on decentralization of miners.
You have the right to express your opinion.  We have the right to ignore you when the opinion you express is not based on any good technical knowledge.  Block size increase proposals are not being censored, merely ignored until you either learn to put up, or shut up.
@_date: 2019-04-05 06:41:11
There's also a chance I'll get into a threesome with Jennifer Lawrence and Emilia Clarke, but you wouldn't bet on it.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:46:51
A "simple" block size increase that was to "just change a single constant in the code", too.
@_date: 2019-04-30 02:58:24
I intend to buy and hodl an indeterminate amount of bitcoins, to an indeterminate future condition, then start spending an indeterminate part of my hodlings on indeterminate things.
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:53:42
It will tend to do so, unless total mining fees increase to compensate.  That implies having to use more blockchain-efficient techniques for transferring funds, in order to protect the protection against censorship and surveillance.  But see 
@_date: 2017-11-06 07:00:22
Graphene is most valuable when mempools are large and blocks are full.  That's also the same condition users would want to speed up transactions.  CPFP is one way to speed up transactions.
Forcing a canonical ordering also means that either you completely disallow transactions spending a transaction on the same block (so if you have a chain of 10 transactions you need to have 10 blocks regardless of how much load there is on the network), or you specify that ordering within a block does not indicate transaction ordering (increasing verification effort and possibly eliminating the benefit you get from forcing a canonical ordering of transactions, and requiring a hardfork to boot).
[MimbleWimble]( might work with this, though, since its equivalent of CPFP would basically merge the parent and child transactions together.
@_date: 2019-04-17 07:13:26


But that means it'll have monetary value.  WTF?  WoW gold anyone?
@_date: 2019-04-10 10:41:14
Presumably an employer would be willing to make a channel or two to their employees, directly, no intermediary required.  After all, if the employee can't get paid, they won't work for the employer.  Many employers require work contracts with some minimum time period, so parking a few months of salaries in a channel to you would be fine (and if you're not completely new to the economy, you may have other channels already existing, so the money the employer puts in the channel to you won't necessarily be locked).  There's the privacy issue that it becomes likely that any use of the channel is you, but that can be mitigated by various methods once you can afford to launch a few channels yourself (e.g. on your first salary, withdraw most of it into a submarine swap to onchain funds, then build a channel to somebody else on the network; rebalance your entire salary every month on the other channel).
@_date: 2019-04-15 00:26:29
My government is shitty and inflation of our fiat currency is increasing.  A local fastfood chain has a yearly promo for a certain seasonal food item.  It was 110 pesos last year.  This year it's 132 pesos.  The theft of my savings cannot be allowed to continue, given the government is corrupt and incompetent.  It ends at Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-08 09:45:56
You know, a block size limit is exactly the solution to widespread invalid channel state attacks.
Invalid channel states are ***still*** transactions, and as such take up block space.
As it happens, it's smaller and cheaper to transmit a justice transaction than to transmit an invalid state.  It's also possible to RBF a justice transaction, while an invalid state cannot be RBFed as one of the signatories is the victim, and the victim will of course not cooperate in an attempt to steal money from the victim.
The justice transaction reassigns the funds of the attacker to the victim, and is smaller. An invalid state spends one output (with two signatures) and has two (or more) outputs.  A justice transaction spends one output (with one signature) and has one output, so inherently smaller.  Also the victim can use the entire funds of the attacker to pay to RBF the justice transaction faster onchain; after all, the victim is only interested in its own money.
Attackers will always have some money on the channel that they risk losing (and which the victim can use to fund the justice transaction fee) because of the channel reserve (1% of channel capacity) that is imposed by the Lightning Network BOLT spec.
Now suppose you commit a widespread invalid state attack on thousands of channels.  Those invalid states will have a particular feerate.  As the first invalid states start getting confirmed in blocks, justice transactions will start to appear.  Those justice transactions will outcompete the remaining unconfirmed invalid states (because justice txes can be RBFed and spend the attacker's entire funds on mining fees; the attacker won't spend their entire funds on mining fees because what would be the point of the attack then?).
So most blocks will now contain mostly justice transactions, and any remaining unconfirmed invalid states remain on the mempool, giving more time to be noticed by their victims and giving more time for them to actually create the justice transactions and broadcast those.  And since justice transactions spend the invalid state transactions, they will get CPFP'ed onchain with the justice transactions already spending them and rerouting the channel balance to the victim, on the same block, because justice can outcompete injustice, because that's how we arranged things to work.
Thus, a blocksize limit ***is the correct solution*** to the problem.
Edit: here's an old comment I made about this: 
@_date: 2019-04-29 07:23:40
Assuming the watchtower is sufficiently incentivized to do so, yes, that eliminates the risk.  Of course, a thief might target a watchtower and either bribe it to "look the other way", or DoS the watchtower until it goes down.  You could mitigate this risk by using multiple watchtowers, and making sure to use private access (Tor) to talk to them to make it hard to identify which watchtower(s) you are using (the "encrypted blob" proposal for watchtowers means the watchtower doesn't even learn the channel being watched until the channel is breached; basically the decrpytion key for the data that allows justice on the breach is the breach transaction id, which is an old transaction state and therefore known to you, but does not leak the transaction output that roots the channel).  Or if you can plan for when you're out (e.g. if you're going on a week-long camping trip with no Internet access and no real need to spend BTC) just close all your channels.
@_date: 2019-04-30 10:38:59
It tries to achieve a simultaneous swap (all participants have same backout timelocks, unlike your S6 which has increasing timelocks), while ensuring unlinkability of input to output (S6 as described means everyone knows who paid who, so if even a single participant leaks the log of the interaction, then everybody's privacy is shot, and S6 seems hard to make a Chaumian bank since we need increasing timelocks meaning *somebody* has to know some global ordering of who-pays-who), a cheapskate server (i.e. the server need not own any coins at all at the start of the protocol), and trustlessness (i.e. the server cannot abscond with anyone's coins even with cooperation of one or more participants).
I fear my scheme fails the last goal of trustlessness though :(
Yes, I've looked into TumbleBit, which is arguably superior to my protocol, except for the "cheapskate server" bit (the Tumbler needs to have some of its own liquidity in order to make channels to output demanders).  I don't have a lot of money so having a cheapskate server is something I want haha.
@_date: 2019-04-01 10:02:15
Not an issue.
@_date: 2019-04-17 06:42:04
@_date: 2019-04-12 10:00:51
Still miners, because it's still about the rule "buried deeply enough", i.e. more confirmations == valid.
Fullnodes don't use this rule.  The rule for fullnodes is a lot more complex:
1.  Spends an actual UTXO.
2.  UTXO ultimately derives from one or more valid coinbases =&gt; each coinbase follows the proper inflation schedule.
As you can see, that's the entire point of a fullnode: it verifies that the most important rule of Bitcoin (inflation schedule) is not violated.  That means following *every* transaction, because if you receive money in the future, you won't know *which* UTXO is going to be used to pay to you in the future.
Worse, you can't just dynamically ask, when someone hands you a transaction, and say "okay give me the entire history of your coin until it reaches coinbases".  You can't verify a block's coinbase unless you also verify every transaction in that block, because the coinbases include both the subsidy ***and*** the fee.  And the fee has to come from a transaction that itself ultimately derives from valid coinbases, until we reach the genesis block.  So you can only get an SPV node, or a fullnode.
An SPV node ***refuses*** to do the above because it doesn't want to handle the bandwidth load of verifying every transaction.
Now consider Alice in the example.  Alice is a miner, but isn't actually interested in Bitcoin.  She sells every BTC for USD, ASAP.  Suppose there are more Alices in the mining business than Bobs.  Then they can agree to instead double the block subsidy in the future instead of halving it.  Bob might refuse to go along, but his effect is ignored by SPV nodes, because the transactions from the Alice coinbases are deeper and thus more valid than Bob's, so Bob loses in the hashpower war.  Since Alices don't HODL BTC, they don't care that fucking the inflation rate is going to debase the currency; they only care that they get paid, and people will still pay them regardless because they want to transact and they want to keep using BTC for other reasons.
This is particularly bad because inflation rate changes can be small enough that some people will still HODL on to BTC regardless, but that inflation rate change is ***still*** a tax on savers, just as fiat inflation is a tax on savers.  What happens is a slow decay of the network, and Alices might very well be in it for a quick buck rather than to support our revolution of sound money --- Alices are selling their BTC for USD immediately, remember?
How are Alices prevented from thus slowly destroying the BTC network?  By ***not*** using SPV.  Then there is an ***immediate*** effect when Alice tries to sell coins from their invalidly-inflated coinbases: nobody will accept their coins, at all, because they're running fullnodes.
Whether Neutrino or not is immaterial: once it becomes too widespread that SPV is used rather than fullnodes, then Alice-type miners (who sell their BTC immediately for fiat, and thus are not in fact part of the glorious Bitcoin Revolution) can take over and create a slow burn of Bitcoin.
Peter Todd once proposed something similar to the above where clients saved the history of their coins to prove that they derived from valid coinbases, called "client-side verification".  Clients could be SPV but still derive that coins came from valid coinbases.  Unfortunately the proposal required infinite inflation (i.e. no change in block subsidy) to be workable, thus not interesting because not hard money.
Now you might ask, suppose the coinbase split out the subsidy and the fees, so you could confirm that coinbases followed the inflation schedule.  The problem is you can only terminate at a coinbase if the transaction spent the subsidy part.  If the transaction spent the fee part of the coinbase, you still need to verify the entire block paid the correct fees, and you still need to verify all the transaction's histories came from valid subsidy payouts.
See, suppose miners instead alternated between inflation-violating and non-inflation-violating blocks.  On a non-inflation-violating block, they take the subsidy from an inflation-violating block, then pay the entire subsidy as fee to themselves.  Then they have successfully "laundered" the funds, unless you specifically make the effort to also check the history of the fees involved.  You know, fullnoding.
@_date: 2019-04-05 10:27:02
You didn't lose it because of the Trezor.  You lost it because you wrote in your seed.  Never write it into the computer, only on the paper provided, and in your actual Trezor.
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:13:11
Obviously if the choice is between "run out of memory and crash and die" or "just throw away cheap transactions to keep your memory bounds", *what* do you think *anybody who is not stupid* will implement?
@_date: 2019-04-29 06:50:44
Offchain transactions are 0-conf transactions.  As you may or may not have heard, 0-conf transactions are *usually* not safe to accept.  However, we should investigate *why* they are not safe to accept.
0-conf is not safe to accept because it is possible to double-spend them until they are confirmed with sufficient depth.  So you cannot safely accept a 0-conf transaction because the money promised to you on that 0-conf transaction is not yet settled: it can be replaced with a different transaction that *doesn't* give you your money.
But if you can eliminate the possibility of double-spending, then 0-conf is safe (and offchain transactions, which are basically unconfirmed transactions, are safe).
On offchain techniques, double-spending is made impossible by making both the sender and the receiver signatories of the offchain (0-conf) transaction.  That way, it is impossible to replace the transaction unless the receiver signs off on it.  And the receiver will not, rationally, sign off on a transaction that makes it lose funds.
This long digression is really just to say: you cannot make a channel to an entity, unless that entity is a signatory, onchain, to the channel state.  This is because the entity cannot trust you and the other signatories to keep their promise that you will not suddenly reverse payments to that entity (for all it knows, those other signatories are just your sockpuppets).  They can only accept this safely, if they are a signatory to the channel state.
Thus, if you want to make channel factories that can open to *anybody*, then *everybody* has to be a signatory to that channel factory.  Or in other words: it becomes a consensus system, *cough* blockchain *cough*.  It's the limiting of signatories that gives LN its magic offchain scaling properties.
Channel factories can only make channels between those who are signatories to the channel factory.  You cannot use money inside a channel factory to create a channel to somebody *outside* the channel factory.
So unless you know exactly the limited set of people you will pay, and pre-make a channel factory to those people, you cannot use an existing channel factory to make a channel to an *arbitrary*payee.
So if you suddenly need to pay somebody on Lightning, you can only do routing, and that is enough --- so what if it's theoretically an NP-hard problem, you only need to succeed routing once to get your payment out.
@_date: 2019-04-24 09:04:49
Okay, I suppose that's a valid point.  If you want, I can connect you with a dev who would like to code and has the skills to do so but is not yet able to get funding for his activity.  Next best thing if you can't do something is to hire someone who can, it's the whole point of having a currency.
@_date: 2019-04-17 13:43:52
Craig S. Wright, a.k.a. faketoshi.
@_date: 2019-04-20 01:08:01


You do realize that the web is dynamically changing all the time and that one run of the exact same web crawler can vary from the next?
What would you do if you had to turn off your node for a week?
By that time the Internet would have changed and a current run of the web crawler would not be the same as the block after the block you stopped at.
Thus, it is impossible to validate unless all the data is in the block being mined, or in previous blocks.


You're not seeing the real problem.
As a miner, to reduce my cost, I'd set up a little pointless website.
Then every time I mine, I "crawl" my website and put it as my indexing-the-internetz data.
I don't actually spend precious bandwidth and latency actually crawling the public Internet since I have my own website on-disk and can just read it from there.
The data I put up as the indexing-the-internetz data would be **true**, but it would also be **pointless** because who gives a shit about me and my mining operation?
Suppose I were the only miner that did this.
Then other miners would be spending more on bandwidth and latency to **actually** crawl the Internetz.
The coin value remains relatively high because the other miners did this.
At the same time, I would be cutting my costs and earning more, letting me fold my further earnings into more R&amp;D for better hashrate.
Eventually I have so much hashrate that all the other miners have been removed.
This collapses the value of the coin, of course, because the miners who were honestly indexing the Internet (and incurring additional costs for doing so) have been removed from the economy.
But it also wouldn't matter to me at that point, because I've already earned enough to buy lambos and a harem of Russian ballerinas.


Ever heard of PrimeCoin? It tied the discovery of prime numbers to the proof-of-work.  It was even a "top 100" coin at the time, since there were less than 100 altcoins anyway.
You can bet that PowerLedger will, in the future, only be used as "historical example of why tying useful work to proof-of-work won't work" in much the same way PrimeCoin is used today.
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:56:10
@_date: 2017-11-07 08:28:42
MAST and Bellare-Neven (often misnamed "Schnorr") signatures.
@_date: 2019-04-12 07:54:23
Good thing Satoshi died!!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2019-04-23 09:18:46
So... do you do something like contribute to the source code, even as a review?  Or maybe hire somebody who has the skill to do so?  Or even something like voluntarily contribute to bounties for important features?  Bitcoin does not exist if not for the code, and it's the code that ensures the properties of the system (no inflation, secure, upgradeable, stable...).  If you have done so, then you have followed your principle accurately and should be praised.  If not, perhaps you should either consider doing so, or risk paying mere lip service to this principle.
@_date: 2019-04-17 02:29:59
Not having grown up in the USA, I would argue I never was in that box anyway :) Politics here in my country is a lot weirder, with several political parties lasting only a few terms each before they suddenly reorganize around some shitty drama around some disaster the current president (whichever party he or she originally was) triggered.
@_date: 2019-04-24 09:14:20


- Nwabudike Morgan, "The Centauri Monopoly"
(from Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri)
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:20:34
Probably yes?  Sorry, I personally wouldn't touch Ethereum with a ten-foot pole, so I'm not really qualified to know if there would have been some difficulty involved if the devs kept ownership of the original contract.  What I *read* was that keeping it unowned made it easier to code up wallets that used the library code.  Sorry, I'm a Bitcoin guy, I could tell you a lot about Bitcoin SCRIPT but I never really studied Ethereum's virtual machine.
Edit: With that said... well, Bitcoin is designed to minimize the effects of somebody else's mistakes on your own money, which is kinda the whole point of trustlessness.  That's why code is duplicated for Bitcoin SCRIPT rather than allow sharing of code from others --- in duplicating that code, you can review your own copy for any bugs and whatnot, so it would be your own mistake if you duplicated buggy code and used it to protect your own money without checking it (it's also why running your own full node is such a big deal in the Bitcoin world).  It's the sharing of code in Ethereum which is arguably the problem here: somebody deleted the shared code, and existing contracts that look for that code can't work anymore and just error out.  Of course it could be said that the direct cause is that the code wasn't protected well enough but it can also be said that the root cause is that Ethereum allowing this kind of sharing is dangerous as library code you are using could be buggy without you noticing it, as well as the much larger need in Ethereum to review buggy code.
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:44:58


Yes, this is both a privacy feature (on-chain, it becomes more difficult to link your received money if you use different addresses each time you receive) and a hedge against future quantum computers (for long and complicated reasons; just avoid reusing addresses you've already received in and you'll be safe from quantum computers).
@_date: 2017-11-06 08:54:23
Thanks.  Don't know about 2tx/s, I've seen times when BTC had &gt;7tx/s.
How's the n log n size done?
@_date: 2017-04-29 09:14:32
Yes, you're right ^^
@_date: 2017-04-08 04:14:56
Presumably he has a BitMain miner, which has ASICBOOST built in. We just haven't hacked how to turn it on.
Turning it on may lead to patent infringement claims though
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:09:07
C-lightning might support Neutrino someday (as an alternative to connecting to a local bitcoind), if it gets into bitcoind.  Not sure about the others how much they want Neutrino.
@_date: 2019-04-19 08:02:01
Why make a new blockchain? Why not just ride on Peter Todd's [OpenTimestamps](
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:21:07
bcash bcash bcash
@_date: 2017-04-18 07:22:37
Not sure if you understand the difference between an unspent transaction output (utxo), aka balance, and a transaction.
Transactions are secured by hashpower, but utxo's (i.e. the balance that you have access to) are secured by your private key.
A transaction from a utxo you control should be signed by your private key before it can be considered a legitimate transaction.  This protects your account balance.  Hashpower by miners protects transactions, preventing them from being double-spent i.e. prevents you from making a transaction from your utxo to A, then making a transaction from your utxo to yourself, in order to defraud A.
@_date: 2017-04-17 04:53:57
Lightning as designed now requires SegWit.  A redesign is necessary if SegWit doesn't activate soon.
@_date: 2019-04-08 07:55:15
DAMMIT now you have to ***physically*** queue to use Bitcoin, not just queue up a transaction in the mempool?
Bitcoin will never be adopted!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2019-04-11 09:05:54
The other is a big city! :)
@_date: 2019-04-26 05:29:42
This is "overt" ASICBOOST, where miners also roll the version bits in order to get a little more efficiency in the hash/power ratio.
@_date: 2019-04-26 04:21:21
The Internet is way too difficult for anyone who doesn't have a background in computer science.  Reddit? Involves a sharded database backend, some static caching middleware, and a client-side program you download when you first access the website.  Is it so hard for somebody without a computer science background to *use* Reddit? No.  It's only hard to implement.  And that's what's being done today: implementing Lightning Network.
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:05:35
But who you open a channel to on the Lightning Network doesn't actually matter in terms of privacy, as long as you publish the channel. Making the channel  public gives you plausible deniability, because any payment you send on that channel cannot be distinguished from a payment you forwarded for somebody else. "Private" channels should really be called unpublished channels, because they're not private: the other end of the channel knows about it, and worse, knows that the only possible source of payments on that channel is you, and of course knows the value of your payments.
It thinks in terms of hub spoke topologies when the modern Lightning Network has no such thinking in its design principles.
What we need is payment decorrelation, and that's explicitly ***not*** what is described here, since it mentions using hashes on Bitcoin, which we already know cannot be used for decorrelation.
So it looks like overblown hype that will ***not*** actually help the Lightning Network that is being deployed on Bitcoin. Naming the effort "BOLT", after the Bitcoin Lightning Network BOLT (Basis Of Lughtning Technology) specifications smacks of "Bitcoin Cash" style tactics.
@_date: 2019-04-12 10:26:28
I'm mostly against *widespread* SPV.  Neutrino is fine as a technology.  You could use it between a fullnode you control, and an SPV client in your cellphone, for example (though why not use the Electrum protocol then, it already exists...).  As long as you have a fullnode.  At the minimum, somebody you trust (family member? close friend? Bitcoin Core developer (LOL)?) who runs a fullnode.
To be more clear: I don't see how Neutrino improves the basic SPV problem.  It's a nice technology though and the geek in me geeks out over the frikkin math involved, because it's cute (and much cuter than Electrum protocol, which is rather bare-bones "is this tx confirmed? yes / no").  So I'm kinda not so against Neutrino, because I like it as a basic abstract concept (it's an instance of the private information retrieval problem).  SPV, not at all though, boo.  I wouldn't be slightly against Neutrino if I didn't detest SPV.
(Though I still use SPV now, LOL.  Because the blocksize is still too large, hahahahahaha. Internet is fucking expensive in my country sigh. So we can't really talk about increasing the blocksize, because I'd rather be able to have a fullnode running in the background in my home, but can't because cost)
@_date: 2017-04-14 12:15:25
The ability of a person in a third world country with a thieving government and ridiculous $/byte internet costs to afford a full node to personally protect his interests.
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:32:33
Yes, because now we know the FUD being spread is starting to clear more and more.
@_date: 2019-04-19 01:18:21
TIL McAffee is The Joker
@_date: 2019-04-29 09:03:22
A long long time, possibly never.
Accumulators require a bridge from "normal" store-the-entire-UTXO-set-in-a-database fullnode, and an accumulator-UTXO fullnode.
That bridge is going to require *even more* storage than the current normal fullnodes (it has to store the accumulator change proofs with each transaction *and* the UTXO database itself so it can derive accumulator change proofs).  That makes bridges much more centralized (due to resource usage), possibly enough to make accumulator-UTXO fullnodes impractical.
Also, accumulators don't reduce resource usage, but shifts it: instead of storing a 10Gb UTXO set and downloading ~2Mb of transaction data per block, you're storing a 10kB UTXO set and downloading ~8Mb of transaction data per block (since it has to include accumulator change proofs). (accumulator numbers are made up; I haven't checked in detail, but my understanding is that an accumulator proof can be 1x-&gt;4x the size of the transaction itself).  Pick your poison.
@_date: 2019-04-30 22:51:20
I'm only thinking in terms of a *temporary* Chaumian bank, like in the Chaumian CoinJoin scheme.  It's possible I'm misusing terms; as I understand it, the Chaumian CoinJoin has a coordinator server that serves as a temporary Chaumian bank that issues tokens, but only to not link inputs to outputs even at the server side.  The coordinator itself has no money it's holding, just "rights to money", and the clients have to sign off on the transaction the coordinator produces (first checking that they indeed get paid to before signing the CoinJoin).  To me that's still a Chaumian bank, just a temporary one and one which does not actually ever hold authority over "real" coins.


I'm not sure coinshuffle quite works here.  As I understand it, the peers give encrypted forms of their desired destination addresses, they use a p2p shuffle algo, then everybody decrypts and they check their destination address is in the shuffled output (or do I misunderstand coinshuffle?).  If we then used the shuffled addresses as the order in which coinswaps are paired, then everybody who knows the shuffled output can simply look at what happens onchain.  Given a 0-indexed array, the input that participant 0 gave is the input that is spent to the destination address 1 in the shuffled output, and obviously destination address 0 is the output of participant 0, so now we know the input of participant 0 and the output of participant 0.
If we have a server that shuffles, now it knows the entire cycle, so hacking into it can give one a clue on who ended up paying who.  Further, it seems harder to figure out if the server is somehow stacking the deck (for example it might shuffle in a way that is easy for a third-party analyst to discover the swap occurred) unless you release the whole deck of destination addresses.  Or something.
What we need to ensure is that each participant only knows its previous and next participant in the circle of participants, with nobody (not even a server that does shuffling) knowing the entire cycle.  I was trying to look into mental poker, but how do you know which participant has the right to look at card index N if nobody is supposed to know which participant has its destination on card index N-1?
@_date: 2019-04-17 23:07:01
It's not generated with hardened derivation, at least as specified in BIP44.
In BIP32, for hardened private parent key to private child key derivation, it is **roughly** the hash of the parent key plus the index.
@_date: 2017-04-23 05:03:42
Relevant: 
@_date: 2017-04-26 16:25:42
Bitcoins are not stored anywhere; they are recorded on a public ledger called a blockchain.
Access to Bitcoins you "own" is via a public-private key cryptography.  Briefly, you can show your public key, and then afterwards, if you want to authorize something, you can sign it with your private key.  The public key is intended to be printed or broadcast to anyone, but the private key must be kept secret.  When you send Bitcoin to somebody, there is a "transfer slip" which indicates the public key to be sent to (the public key that the receiver owns) and which is signed by your private key.
For better security, Electrum uses a series of public-private key pairs derived from your seed phrase.  The seed phrase, when entered into a special algorithm, generates an infinite series of private and public key pairs.
Electrum works by asking the server to inform the Electrum client about any coins that have been paid to public keys you own.  Actually by default the Electrum client will ask a variety of servers about some verification data on the blockchain (called the block headers), then download specific information about its wallet account (the transactions involving public keys owned by you using the seed phrase).
The seed phrase is yours and controlled by you.  As long as you don't lose it or let anyone copy it, only you can generate the private keys and use that to authorize transactions on coins you own.  In a sense, you could say that the BTC is "stored" on your computer, and you're just using the Electrum servers to store the public ledger (the entire ledger is about 100Gb now).
@_date: 2017-04-08 03:29:51
UASF user activated soft fork.
BU and EC and miner supporters think one-hashpower-one-vote, but in fact that voting is within an economy. If that economy contracts because most people with actual resources move to a different protocol, then the value of those votes drops. When the value drops to 0 you can have 100% of hashpower and still have no effect on the world, because your vote's value is dependent on the value of the coin you mine.
So the only way for your votes to have any power is to follow the people with the money and mine for them on the protocol they want.
Now if a miner wants, on the economically-preferred protocol (which that miner might oppose for whatever reason), that miner might disrupt, in an attempt to convince people to switch to a miner-preferred protocol. Their disruptiveness then becomes proportional to their hashpower. But every hashpower on the economically-preferred protocol is hashpower that can't be used on the miner-preferred protocol. So it's not all that convincing to switch to the miner-preferred protocol, because it has less hashpower protecting it. Assuming that only a fraction of miners are against the economically-preferred chain, the economically-preferred chain will still have greater hashpower.
@_date: 2019-04-08 09:15:15
It's the tax that inflation brings in.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:35:28
Taproot doesn't actually help any coinjoin scheme --- there is never any contract that needs to be fulfilled in a coinjoin, because your acceptance of the join is done by simply signing or not signing a coinjoin transaction that has your inputs and outputs correctly in the transaction.
Schnorr by itself also won't help coinjoin --- it's just another signature scheme.  What you want is signature aggregation so that large coinjoins are cheaper in mining fees because the entire coinjoin can have just a single aggregate signature.  You prefer noninteractive sigagg since an interactive scheme means people are in contact with others who are also mixing, which you want to reduce as much as possible.  Interactive sigagg is possible with Schnorr though some support for it would be needed in a softfork.
Taproot would help in CoinSwap, but CoinSwap is harder because value linkage (i.e. you see two UTXOs with same/similar values being created to (different) 2-of-2 in the same block, then some blocks later you seem them being spent with 1-input 1-output transactions in the same block, that's an obvious CoinSwap).
There's also no clear way to coordinate multiple CoinSwaps with the same value (to hide value linkage) in a way similar to Chaumian CoinJoin (i.e. there's no clear Chaumian CoinSwap).
@_date: 2017-04-10 05:33:10
The longest chain won't matter if nobody wants to exchange the coin on that chain for goods and fiat.  The invisible hand of Adam Smith beats the mere miner's democracy of Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2017-04-12 03:09:18
There's another patent pending in the US for ASICBOOST.  My understanding is that this is earlier.  If China's laws are in any way decently enforced, the US patent pending might be shown as prior art.  The US patent is owned by Lerner I think.
I heard, but have not verified for myself, that Lerner works for a company partially funded by BitMain, so a patent violation by BitMain might not get enforced - but I suppose if Lerner resigns, he might then go after BitMain.
In short, while BitMain claims to hold ASICBOOST patent, the claim is a bit shaky.
@_date: 2017-04-20 17:18:21
rbtc: "Corem wears UASF hat" core members are behind UASF aka DDoS Developer Activated Soft Fork!!
@_date: 2019-04-11 10:29:14
The issue is the power supply.  In some places, electricity costs are cheap, in others, they're expensive.  This is primarily because transporting energy is very lossy at long distances.  Improving the technology to transport energy would greatly increase the ability of small miners to exist.
@_date: 2017-04-09 04:37:51
seconded.  Since it isn't technically an exchange, but a way to meet with sellers and buyers, it has much looser requirements.  I've never bought anywhere else.
@_date: 2019-04-30 23:36:52
Routes in LN are limited to 20 hops anyway.  So if you can't find a route within 20 hops, you just give up, so that at least limits how long you'd work on finding a path.
@_date: 2019-06-04 01:34:43
We cannot. For all we know they're just very cold storage.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:04:59
A simpler way is to have an agent monitoring the blockchain, and if a segwit-signalling block is mined, have the agent send a small tip to the miner.
This is a form of Loss of Stake, wherein you commit some amount of money to be lost in order for some desired good to happen.
@_date: 2019-04-17 03:52:29
Yes, because eunuchs are not people, right?
@_date: 2019-04-10 06:27:36
Any particular license? CC0?  CC-BY?  CC-BY-SA?  GPL?
@_date: 2019-04-29 06:41:42
Save me from inflation.
@_date: 2017-04-22 01:07:29
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:32:52
Fiat cost averaging.
@_date: 2019-04-16 14:02:42
Less private than Wasabi; Samourai knows every hop.
@_date: 2017-04-30 23:14:55
It needs to change at some point.  It just shouldn't change in a way that lets miners control the change.
SPV mining is done practically by every large miner and mining pool.  It effectively means that miners don't verify the blockchain, only the non-mining nodes do.  This gives them precious seconds to look for the next block faster: they just get the latest broadcast block and start mining for the next one without confirming the latest broadcast block was correct.  Increasing the size limit makes it harder for non-mining nodes to confirm the blocks.
In Satoshi's "original vision", for whatever that's worth now, every node was a miner and every miner was a node, and nodes/miners checked newly-mined blocks before working on the next one, pausing mining while checking.  This meant that everyone had the same incentives regarding blocks.
Now, with miners separate from nodes, miners are incentivized to push for larger blocks (to get more in tx fees) while nodes are incentivized to push for smaller blocks (to make block confirmation easier).
@_date: 2019-04-02 08:11:25
Requires that I trust whoever I ordered it from.  I'd rather not.  It's also an additional cost to import a device rather than buy something off-the-shelf locally, or just use my existing laptop for.  I mean I'd at least trust a hardware wallet a little since it's offline almost all the time, but a fullnode has to be strongly online or it's a pain to resync.  And being online means it's more likely to be easy to hack.
Trezors, for example, are exploitable and even replaceable, but every Trezor hack (even full replacement hacks!) requires that the hacker be in physical possession of the Trezor after you put your money in it.  A fullnode replacement can be made trivially hackable via various shenanigans.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:32:11
Transactions on LN are "ephemeral", i.e. not recorded on a permanent ledger.  Transactions are added up and recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain periodically, but only the added-up transactions are stored.  Thus many small LN transactions get recorded as a single Bitcoin transaction, and once the single Bitconi transaction is confirmed the LN transactions can be removed from storage (to be more precise, only the "delta" of many LN transactions is stored at any one time, and this delta can be settled on the Bitcoin layer at any time).
If you want a Bitcoin Full node, run Bitcoin only.
If you want an LN node, you need to run Bitcoin+LN.  Running an LN node allows the possibility of earning money for routing through your node, but you'd need at least two payment channels and more will increase the probability of getting routes through your node.
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:48:54
In some places, profit margins are already negative.  My place, for example.  Here, 1 kwh costs the equivalent of USD 0.15.  From every mining calculator I find, I have negative profit margins, and I haven't even factored in the cost of an ASIC miner, cost of setup, or cost of Internet connection (it is NOT cheap to connect to the Internet here).
I'd like to do something other than "get on reddit and complain about how evil miners are".  But I can't afford it.  I'd lose approximately 1 bitcoin per year if I mine here.  And if I can't mine with even just a sliver of profit margin here, how many other places do you think cannot mine either?  Do you honestly think this will lead to decentralization?
@_date: 2017-04-08 03:51:45
9 women can give birth to 1 baby in 1 month?
@_date: 2017-04-21 23:02:44
The lightning network still requires transmitting a signed transaction.  Merely transmitting the transaction across planets can potentially take dozens of minutes.  And then settlement will take hours.
Personally I'd prefer a separate chain for interplanetary, with local planetary chains.  It really doesn't make sense to increase the block time to hours just to support interplanetary.  Slow interplanetary chain, fast local planetary chains.
@_date: 2017-04-25 14:55:03
Here's some simplifications:
1.  Payment channels.  These allow direct transfer of money to/from a partner.  From your point of view, a payment channel can have a value from -A bitcoins to +B bitcoins, initialized to 0.  To make a new payment channel, you commit A bitcoins while your partner commits B bitcoins; committed bitcoins are owned by whoever committed them, but as payments are transferred, the payment channel from your point of view gets a value ranging from -A to +B.  For example, if you started at 0 and transfer 0.25 bitcoins to your partner, the payment channel becomes -0.25 from your point of view; from your partner's point of view, it becomes +0.25.  Payment channels have a limited lifetime, and should be closed before that lifetime.
2.  Routes.  A route is a sequence of channels connecting two economic actors, e.g. a buyer and a seller.  Instead of committing some bitcoins to create a direct channel between the buyer and a seller, the buyer can use any "headway" on an existing payment channel (i.e. if you have a payment channel to anyone that is greater than the -A you committed to it) to route the money to the seller.  Routing may result in many possible routes, and some nodes may charge a small routing fee if you pass through them; presumably your Lightning software will select the lowest-fee route.
3.  Public routing.  By default any payment channel you make will not be used for routing by other users.  You can earn money by continuously running an LN node and keeping some payment channels open to a few people, and enabling routing on your payment channel(s).  These will cause the channel's balance from your point of view to fluctuate due to the routing.
4.  Channel closure.  At some point, you will need to close a channel; for example, if you reach the minimum value -A and still want to send, or if you reach the maximum value +B and still want to receive.  If so, you and your partner can cooperatively close; your previously-committed money is returned to you, plus or minus the channel's value from your point of view, and your partner's previously-committed money is returned minus or plus the value from his/her point of view.  Alternatively, if your partner's node goes down or is unresponsive, you can initiate an uncooperative close; in an uncooperative close, for technical reasons the money return will be delayed for some time (1 day is my understanding, it might vary); the reason is that your partner is not consulted in an uncooperative close.  A cooperative close is better since the money is returned "immediately" (modulo updates on the blockchain, so maybe an hour or two?).  Once a close completes you can then re-open the channel, or you can take your money off Lightning completely.
5.  Closure attorneys.  If one of the partners in a channel gets disconnected (e.g. masked men with guns storm their homes and burn their computers), the other can initiate an uncooperative channel close and get their moneys in order.  But what if both nodes get disconnected and the channel expires?  The default behavior in this case (closure by default) is that the channel is assumed to be at value 0.0, meaning that if it closes by default the money is returned to both partners without updating.  The reason for this is that the channel value is tracked by the nodes participating in that channel, and only those nodes - it's a privacy issue (it's not anyone else's business how much money is owed by who between them, that's their business).  However, if the actual value of the channel is +0.5 to you, then you would lose money if both you and your partner are unable to close (or if you get disconnected and your partner "gets disconnected").  Thus, both of you can hire a closure attorney, who is informed about the value of the channel so that he or she can close it before the channel closes by default.  If the closure attorney needs to close the channel before its lifetime to prevent default closure, the closure attorney gets paid a small fee, but if either of you can do a cooperative or uncooperative close, then the closure attorney is not paid.  Closure attorneys are still under development at this time.  Closure attorneys, of course, must have better uptime than other nodes.
@_date: 2019-04-30 11:33:34
The issue at heart is that CoPay uses a large number of not-well-audited libraries (i.e. lots of software dependencies).
The previous hack was some wog going to a tired developer and saying "say can I maintain this Javascript library instead of you?" and the tired dev saying "sure here's the access rights now I can go to sleep ZZZzzz", then the wog inserted some code that specifically targeted CoPay.  Like just that easy, just asking a tired dev.
Those "slick interface" costs because the code to that slick interface costs, and a lot of that code is not paid for directly, leading to shit like the above where some dev makes some nifty code for a slick interface and open sources it, then gets bogged down with support requests until maintaining the code becomes unsatisfying and the dev will take any random offer to get responsibility for the code off their hands.
You're better off sacrificing "slick interface" for "100% vetted code and devs".  Just use Electrum or Wasabi.
@_date: 2019-04-17 02:32:32
They've moved hosts, but the linux foundation site still has archives and linux foundation has promised to redirect to the new host when they get tired of hosting archives.
@_date: 2019-04-17 04:48:45
Given a statement between an authority, and a contradicting statement by some random person, ***and nothing else***, you'd believe the authority.
But when detailed arguments supporting the statements are now discussed, and presentations of evidence, and so forth, then you ***won't care who is the authority***.  All you'd care about is the actual evidence and arguments.
Like so:
is some random Internet person who likes collecting Craig Wright paraphernalia, but is otherwise not an authority on Satoshi.  But it no longer matters that it's Gavin's word against Contrarian's: we're at the level of looking at direct evidence, which screens off authority.
Authority is a shortcut, like SPV, but directly looking at evidence is like fullnoding.  Get it?
@_date: 2019-04-16 08:18:27
Blockstream has at least two engineers, Rusty Russell and Christian Decker, working on the C-Lightning implementation that powers the Blockstream Store.
@_date: 2017-04-07 05:34:30
That part is factually incorrect. Maxwell's proposal blocks covert ASICBOOST only. Overt ASICBOOST is still valid. Patent owners would benefit because covert use of their technique (which makes it hard to claim patent violation) is blocked, and overt use is obvious and easily trackable.
@_date: 2017-04-15 03:13:33
@_date: 2017-04-26 23:03:28
The variable controlling this feature is initialized here: 
It's initialized to true.
The code that performs the sending checks that variable if it's true: 
There is no code anywhere that disables the feature.  Nothing sets `need_send` to `false`, anywhere.
@_date: 2017-04-26 04:25:40
Yes, the "bounty hunter" is what I call a closure attorney in the post.
Also, please note that the post here is a simplification, and your post is unnecessarily alarmist.  Punishment transactions are very punitive and award the entire channel amount to the victim party, so any fraudster would risk losing all money on that channel.  One way to successfully fraudulently close is to DDoS the victim and any closure attorneys; work was on the way, I believe, to allow anyone on the network to be anyone else's closure attorney, so you'd have to successfully DDoS the entire network to do that.  Work on the feature was put on hold I believe when it was realized that SegWit has a good chance of not actually activating, since even the creation of a channel requires SegWit in the first place, and now lightning devs are trying to figure out if channel creation in the first place is possible with malleability.
Anyway, here are what is unnecessarily alarmist:
1.  The punishing Bitcoin transaction in "scare quotes" is necessary as part of the Lightning transaction.  A Lightning transaction doesn't commit unless the punishing transaction is constructed and signed.
2.  The punishing transaction is extreme: it causes the fraudster to lose all coins in the channel.  Potential fraudsters stand to lose more than they gain, unless they can disconnect the victim and all closure attorneys.  Consider the case where the fraudster Mallory contributed 0.0 coins to the channel with potential victim Alice, who contributed 100.0 coins.  Since Mallory contributed 0.0, Mallory cannot send money to Alice.  So all states in this channel involve Alice paying some amount to Mallory, who presumably will be giving something (e.g. coffee) to Alice in exchange for the money.  If Mallory uses old state, it will assign fewer coins to Mallory than to Alice, so it's pointless to defraud Alice that way.  The only way for Mallory to defraud Alice if is Mallory commits some economic value to the channel; either Alice has paid Mallory for something and MAllory has already transmitted the goods, and Mallory tries to pay Alice for Alice's goods and then uses the old state to defraud Alice (in which case, if Mallory is found out, Mallory lost the good already transferred to Alice), or Mallory put up money in the channel in the first place, and Mallory risks losing that money to defraud Alice.
3.  Bitcoind and electrumd already watch the blockchain continuously anyway.
What we should indeed be alarmed over is this:
1.  Getting disconnected from the LN risks losing your money.  Closure attorneys should help with this, but work on it got stopped because SegWit won't activate.
@_date: 2017-04-30 22:42:15


Transaction size is not measured in number of bitcoins spent, it's measured in number of inputs plus number of outputs.  As mentioned in another post to you, bitcoin can be split up, down to denominations with 8 decimal points.  Imagine buying a $1 candy bar with pennies.  Or worse, a $10 meal with pennies!  That would be very cumbersome.
The problem is that modern wallet software won't show that your 1.0 bitcoin account is actually made up of lots of 0.00001 coins, so that the total tx fee doesn't appear to make sense at all.
On weekeneds, if you don't need to spend bitcoins soon, you can take advantage of the "weekend discount" (i.e. fewer transactions on weekends, hence cheaper) to consolidate multiple tiny denominations into a single large denomination, effectively moving part of the tx fees to a time when it's cheaper.  The problem is that most wallet software won't admit that your coins are made up of tiny little coin denominations, hence the apparently random results of tx fee calculations.
@_date: 2017-04-27 07:17:06
Up to reset, although you probably want to keep it off the real Internet during reset if it triggers.
@_date: 2017-04-25 16:45:25
Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2017-04-23 23:00:50
Uhm.  Lightning Network makes penny range transactions feasible.  Larger blocks makes $5 range transactions feasible, and then the range will go up again when more people join.
Lightning Network increases its effective money transfer bandwidth with number of LN users.  Bigger blocks will only scale once, and then there will be trouble for people living in third world countries who cannot afford to run their own full nodes to protect their own interests.
@_date: 2017-04-10 07:33:20
The difference is that if tomorrow all the Core Devs are assassinated by Satoshi Nakamoto (with His Holy 1M Coins(TM) getting transferred to the assassins), anyone else can copy their source code and continue development into a New Core.
If tomorrow Satoshi Nakamoto moves His Holy 1M Coins(TM) to blow up all the miners in China, we suddenly have a drop in global hashpower that will take far longer to recover.
@_date: 2017-04-27 07:10:28
Research by a friend of mine: 
@_date: 2017-04-22 23:47:33
For a slightly more technical explanation:
1.  In LN you set up a channel between your LN node and someone else's.
2.  Setting up a channel involves the both of you putting coins into the channel.  The channel has a lifetime, so if both of you do nothing until it expires, the coins are returned to the both of you in the same values you put in (minus the mining tx fees involved).  As an example, suppose you both put in 1.0 btc each.
3.  On making the channel, both of you keep track of how much money in the channel belongs to which person.  A transaction is made which returns that money in the correct amounts to the correct people.This Bitcoin transaction is ***NOT*** sent on Bitcoin network, only over the Lightning network.  In our example, this transaction says "give 1.0 btc from the channel to you, give 1.0 btx from the channel to your partner".
4.  The above Bitcoin transaction is actually made in two copies.  In one copy, you sign, and either your partner signs, or you wait for 1 day.  You keep this copy.  In the other copy, your partner signs, and either you sign, or your partner waits for 1 day; your partner keeps this copy.  Thus, if things go sour, you (or your partner) can "uncooperatively close" the channel, where the money is returned in the correct proportions but the uncooperative closer needs to wait 1 day before recovering the bitcoin full.  Or you and your partner can "cooperatively close" the channel, which involves you sending your transaction copy to your partner, who signs it, and then transmits to the Bitcoin network to finalize all your transactions.
5.  The Bitcoin transactions above are revocable.  Let's say you decide to pay your partner 0.5 Bitcoin via the channel.  A new transaction is made which says "give 0.5 Bitcoin to you, give 1.5 Bitcoin to your partner" - remember, you and your partner originally both put in 1.0 btc, so this is effectively a transfer of 0.5 Bitcoin to your partner.  To finalize this Lightning transaction, you give a revocation transaction to your partner, which prevents the old "give 1.0 Bitcoin to you, give 1.0 Bitcoin to your partner" transaction from being valid.  Once your partner receives the revocation transaction, he can now safely send you whatever you paid him 0.5 bitcoin for.  After that, the both of you make up a new "give 0.5 btc to you, give 1.5 btc to your partner" tx copies.
6.  If you try to cheat your partner by ucooperatively closing using the old "1.0 to you, 1.0 to your partner" tx, your partner can send the revoking transaction.  What happens at the low level is that you need to wait for 1 day to uncooperatively close.  The revoking transaction can immediately transfer, within that 1 day, 0.5 of the 1.0 bitcoins you would have gotten to your partner.  Basically, the 1 day delay in an uncooperative close is a revocation window for your partner to show "but you paid me 0.5 btc, why did you uncooperatively close with an old transaction?"  The revocation transaction is proof that you transferred 0.5 btc to your partner.
7.  If both of you are satisfied, you can cooperatively close the channel with the latest "0.5 to you, 1.5 to your partner" transaction.
8.  In case of an uncooperative close with a revocation, 3 Bitcoin transactions are sent: 1 to set up the channel, 1 to uncooperatively close, and 1 to revoke.  In case of a cooperative close, only 2 Bitcoin transactions are sent: 1 to set up the channel, and 1 to close on the latest tx.  This is true no matter how many underlying Lightning transactions occurred: only the latest Bitcoin transaction needs to be sent on the Bitcoin network.
The Lightning network simply builds a network on top of these 2-party channels.  So if Alice wants to send some money to Carol, they can find an intermediary Bob who has channels with Alice and Carol, offer a small fee to Bob, and have Bob transfer to Carol and Alice transfer to Bob via the channels.  There's also more cryptography on top of this which prevents Bob from getting Alice's money before he can send the money to Carol, which I haven't quite grokked yet.
@_date: 2017-04-21 09:26:01
You may be overestimating how much money people in non-first-world countries can earn.
I am a valued technical person in my company and I earn $25,000 a year.  I hear that in the United States someone of my caliber would be paid at least $100,000/year, possibly more.
That's why the Internet and Bitcoin is so vital to many third-worlders like me.  It is the only way to allow the [Law of one price]( to become a reality.
If I had a lawn - which I don't, it's impossible for me to purchase a house large enough to have one - I wouldn't pay $20 to mow the lawn.  I have a maid who goes to our house every other day, and I pay her $6 per day (or sometimes up to $8 if she worked more than 12 hours).  If I had a lawn she would be doing that in addition her other duties and I wouldn't pay $20 for mowing the lawn, like, what are you smoking?
@_date: 2017-04-13 19:51:58
"Anyone-can-spend" tx outputs are a misnomer at this point. The client disallows spending them. A more accurate label is "nobody-can-spend".
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:48:23
TSMC is the top ASIC manufacturing company.  Most "ASIC" companies don't have a foundry, they just design and then hire a foundry to build an IC.  One guess under what government TSMC operates.
@_date: 2019-04-11 05:31:48
Works on Firefox.
@_date: 2019-04-23 09:36:10
If you sold all your stuff to buy Bitcoin, no.
@_date: 2019-04-10 03:09:14
Every country bans murder, arson, and jaywalking, but they still happen.
More realistically --- *every* country?  While there are certain things that almost every country bans, a lot of them are the obvious things like murder and theft.  For a lot of others, there's a lot of variance.  So --- ain't gonna happen.
@_date: 2019-04-10 10:49:05
We don't need to increase it further because we just increased it.  WTF?
@_date: 2019-04-17 08:48:26
SSSS is Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme, so not Schnorr.  I think it's not, I haven't checked, but in the realm of cryptography, patenting is considered a bad thing to do, so I'm almost sure that if SSSS is/was patented there'd be a huge stink about it (as huge as the stink around Schnorr).
"Schnorr" signatures is underspecified.  There are a bunch of details that Schnorr never specified in the original paper or the patent application.  So a concrete implementation of Schnorr has to fill in those details.  The BIP available calls it "Schnorr", there's some Core devs who want to not name it "Schnorr" in the Core client code but instead "DLS", hence `OP_CHECKDLS`.  They're mathematically "the same" thing, i.e. DLS is an instantiation of the (general idea of) Schnorr signature scheme.
An older proposal was to name it "Bellare-Neven" since the multisignature scheme proposed by Schnorr was insecure and Bellare and Neven were the first to work on the problem, but it turns out even the Bellare-Neven scheme was flawed (not sure, you'll have to ask a real cryptographer) leading to the MuSig algorithm.  Now to be very technical, the validation code wouldn't even be aware of whether a DLS singlesig or some multisignature built on top of that was used, the validation code sees a single signature which could be coming from one participant or combined from signatures from several participants, so actually "Bellare-Neven" would be inaccurate anyway.  But yes, that's how strongly cryptographers hate on Schnorr, they'd propose something that is built *on top* of Schnorr as name rather than call it Schnorr.  Tadge Dryja even outright called him "kind of a jerk" in a [talk]( (he even says "we will probably be calling them Bn signatures" i.e. "Bellare-Neven").
So yes, "Schnorr"-type signature scheme will be in the next big change.  There's still some debate whether to call it "Schnorr" or something else because of the strong hate for him patenting it.  But mathematically it'll be a Schnorr-type signature scheme with the details filled in by people who are tweaking it specifically for Bitcoin usage.
@_date: 2019-04-05 09:20:53
When the LN gets even bigger so that it becomes impractical for most nodes to be able to arbitrarily pay some random node (e.g. if you are making a one-time payment to somebody you've never met before and will never encounter again), well, work is ongoing to figure that out: 
@_date: 2017-04-24 12:49:57
The address format inherently contains a DNS domainname, which makes me wary of it.  Unless you own a domainname, you don't really own a moonbeam node, you own a sub-account on a moonbeam node (in much the same way that unless you and only you hold the private key, you don't own a Bitcoin address, you own an account on someone else's Bitcoin wallet service).
That said, sometimes something that sucks but exists and is worth something is better than something theoretically better but won't come until a couple more years, or maybe never.  Less is more...
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:00:01
Like I said, a value can only be referred to if it's already been defined, and cannot be used in its own definition.


It would error at the definition `A := B()` because at that point, `B` has not been defined yet.
@_date: 2019-04-28 23:41:01
They work, except if your attack model is "Samourai" itself.  Then it doesn't work because they know everything behind it.
If Samourai is secretly in cahoots with one or more of the blockchain analytics companies, then using Samourai is feeding your private information directly to them.
You are better off using Wasabi, which takes pains to never get any user information (not even addresses) to the Wasabi servers it's using as server for SPV services.  Even though Wasabi really only has "100mBTC Chaumian CoinJoin" as its only privacy-enhancing feature (because AFAIK some variant of Chaumian mixes is the only possible privacy-enhancement that doesn't leak your privacy data to some server, and TumbleBit (the *other* Chaumian mix) takes much longer than CoinJoin).
Note that their techs are usually just renames of old tech that has been discussed on bitcointalk, some of which never made it to the light of day since they leak private information to some server (i.e. Samourai's servers).
@_date: 2017-04-19 06:48:01
Hi nullc,
I've been considering the use of a functional programming language without explicit recursion.  Instead, catamorphisms of naturals and lists (i.e. foldr) are provided as primitives of the language.  In this way, all loops are bounded, and the given "gas" N in the pdf would be encodable inside the smart contract (if we represent naturals using only (S :: Nat -&gt; Nat) and (Z :: Nat) i.e. unary, then providing "gas" to a smart contract can be done only by increasing its length (i.e. 3 == S (S (S Z))), and presumably, we already have mechanisms for charging users based on length of smart contracts: if more gas is needed, more bytes are needed for scripting, and the higher the price of the smart contract to put on the blockchain).
Checking against recursion is simple: just ensure that a definition is provided for a global variable before it is used anywhere, and the global variable cannot be used in its own definition.
Catamorphisms (foldr) are provided as primitives, so the fact that they recurse internally is not checked.
We may be able to get away without a case construct by just providing a set of destructuring functions for the builtin types.  With currying we would not need either let/where constructs or lambda constructs: just define a new top-level function and curry it.  This reduces our required expression construct to only function application and variable references.
This way, the proof of termination is simply proof of non-recursion, and the gas of the script is part of the length of the script.
@_date: 2017-04-12 05:19:51
If an employee manages to sneak out a recording of the CEO's meeting with engineers to enable covert use of a patented technique, it all comes crashing down.
If you owned the patent all along, you could just use it covertly.  You own the patent locally in China and say you are protected.  The owners in the USA, who might have tried to block your patent application in China, are not warned that you have it because they never saw overt ASICBOOST being mined.
@_date: 2017-04-14 09:11:44
If a miner controls a sizeable enough part of the global hashrate, a goid part of the fees will go to him.
So if aminer is sending a bunch of txs to addresses he controls, and has a high hashrate, the tx fees will go to himself. So the loss rate is very low.
Damn, now we see the flaws of proof of work...
@_date: 2017-04-29 09:39:42
Looking over the disassembly... `isAuthToRun` function is called (without arguments, I think..) by `DoAuthOnce`.  Nothing seems to call `DoAuthOnce`.
So for now, it may be disabled code.  Maybe.
I have no antminer myself, so no real idea.
Edit: There's also a `PostRate` function which seems to call into the `postrate.asp` API, which is called by `DoPostRate`, but `DoPostRate` does not appear to be called.
Edit2: `isAuthToRun` is the function that calls into `doauth.asp` API.
Conclusion the code exists but isn't being called (maybe: there may be some subtle obfuscation going on that is not possible for me to detect, but that is much less likely than the code not actually being called).  It may not be safe to use the latest patch, even so: there may be a buffer overflow or other subtle security bug that may cause execution to enter the present-but-never-called code.  Better to use the old patch and hack `/etc/hosts`.
@_date: 2017-04-24 12:00:10
Well, that's the point: it only weakly decentralizes the exchanges and web wallets.  I guess it's a good stopgap for now, and is still better than the current situation where in practice a good number of people have some amount on a web wallet, and transactions are still in the slow, permanent ledger, but Lightning is still strictly superior, since the usefulness of Lightning is proportional to the number of users on the network, and the bandwidth on the Lightning network is proportional to the channels between nodes.
Of course, maybe I'm just gonna be bellyaching for something that won't happen on Bitcoin anymore.
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:40:55
The website only claims that you can monitor the hardware.  It says nothing about remotely turning the hardware off.
Even if you want to implement remote turn-off, the miner should ask for a signed request from its owner, not just a string saying "false".  This is Bitcoin, LN without SegWit is more secure than this and LN will refuse to deploy without SegWit because it's not secure enough.
Finally, the code that does the reporting and shutdown runs continuously and is never disabled.  It is enabled at startup.  The random schedule is not something I'd expect for liveness monitoring - for liveness monitoring my instinct would be to implement a consistent schedule, not a random one.  BitMain works in crypto, where every competent engineer knows basic security primitives like private-public signatures.
@_date: 2017-04-26 21:37:43
[Bitmain isn't evil for putting backdoors in the firmware they wrote, Core is evil because a few members are employees of Blockstream, which is partially invested in by AXA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!](
@_date: 2017-04-10 05:06:13
Print him a paper wallet.  
That way, even if you have a falling out later, he can still access the bitcoin by himself with a little help from third parties in the bitcoin space.
Also, access to the physical paper wallet can be mediated by putting it as an asset in his will, so that he can control where the btc goes to in case he dies or is cryonically preserved (if it's technically yours, he'd have to trust you to give it to his designated heirs - and if you die before he does, you'll have to will it to him somehow, and a piece of paper is a lot easier to will than other things).
Make sure to use a dumb printer and generate wallet private key offline (better to download and run locally the wallet generator; if you have only Windows and Mac's, consider (1) downloading and unzipping the wallet generator (2) physically disconnecting PC from internet (3) booting from a Linux LiveCD (Debian, Ubuntu, Red Hat whatever) (4) run generator- you should still be able to access your normal HDD from the LiveCD).
Edit: he can transfer the entire funds by a physical transfer of the paper wallet too; transferring a portion will require sweeping the paper wallet, however.
Edit2: make sure to protect the paper wallet: water can easily destroy the paper wallet and render the funds inaccessible.  Prefer printing on a laser printer, or sealing the paper wallet in a ziploc bag.
@_date: 2017-04-11 05:24:27
How about: write a program that monitors the block chain and a "source address" it has private keys to.
Then when a SegWit-supporting block is mined the program transfers a fraction of the money it has to the miner who mined it.
The user starts up the program with a new private key, then sends some amount for donation to the public key of the program (this separates the user's "normal" hodlings from the part earmarked for donation).
Having a program rather than a service sidesteps trust issues.  If the program is open source it can be reviewed for trojans, backdoors, and security bugs, and each person getting the program can compile using a trusted compiler and run their own binary.  A binary signed by the reviewers can also be deployed some time later.
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:41:11
@_date: 2019-04-12 03:29:01
Taproot isn't needed for coinjoin, even Chaumian coinjoins --- CoinJoin only requires signatures, not complex SCRIPT.   Schnorr doesn't help by itself either, unless signature aggregation *also* gets in on top of Schnorr (not sure but some of the engineering details of sigagg are having some problems, so there's a chance Schnorr comes first without any form of sigagg).  Sigagg does help quite a bit as it would make coinjoin smaller, but that's on top of Schnorr.
What Schnorr and Taproot will help with is CoinSwap, which involves separate transactions that atomically swap control of two coins between different users.  In fact, given that it's possible to use Scriptless Script with CoinSwap (and Scriptless Script is possible with Schnorr alone), again Taproot won't be needed, only Schnorr.
@_date: 2019-04-19 05:49:23
There are a number of problems.
First is: how do you verify the indexing is correct?  Or do you just trust the miners that the indexing is correct?
But the core problem is that the proof-of-work algorithm simply cannot be tied to anything that is otherwise useful.
Suppose you tie proof-of-work to something which is otherwise useful in some economic sense.
Every thing that you imagine being "useful" must have some economic sense --- i.e. somebody must be willing to spend precious energy on doing it.
Either they directly produce what this "useful" thing themselves, or specialization happens and they purchase this using money acquired from their own specialization (e.g. a doctor buying freshly-mined bitcoins from a miner).
Now that you've tied them together, the following two consequences can occur:
1.  The "useful thing" is economically more important than mining (i.e. whatever you are tying pays more than the actual mining does).
2.  The mining is economically more important than the "useful thing".
In the first case, what happens is that miners will specialize further and focus on the "useful" thing.
They'll prioritize that over the mining part.
This means that if their mining software is buggy, or mining starts requiring high-speed low-latency Internet links (like, you know, modern Bitcoin does), they'll only fix it to the extent that it's easy.  Once it starts getting hard, they'll focus on the "useful thing" instead and let the mining part go to waste.
This can make it easy to attack the coin, since miners won't particularly care to prevent such attacks and will focus on "useful thing".
In the second case, miners will focus on the mining rather than the "useful thing".
This means they'll do the minimum acceptable work for "useful thing" and focus on the actual proof-of-work.
And if you are unable to somehow validate the "useful thing", you will be unable to quantify just how much of the "useful thing" you should impose on the miners.
Miners will just load your "useful thing" with random data, or easily-acquired data, and focus on getting more hashrate.
No proposal to make mining useful for anything other than protecting the network can be made, because of this fundamental problem of optimization.
@_date: 2017-11-06 06:02:52
They're not.  Txs are ordered in a block in the transaction ordering.  If a transaction spends another (hint: ALL transactions spend some other transaction's output, except coinbase), it is either on a later block, or it is later within the same block.  xref CPFP.
He proposed making transactions ordered by hash value but that either disables CPFP completely (thus disabling one of the ways to speed up transactions), or requires a lot more verification that"impossible" circles of spending are not in the block (increasing verification effort and likely thrashing the benefit you'd gain from this method).
Edit: If Graphene uses transaction groups (sequences of CPFP transactions) as members rather than individual transactions, that might work, but you'd need to define some canonical way of grouping CPFP transactions together.  Disabling CPFP is a no-go: Graphene's benefit is when mempools are large and blocks are full, and that's when people are more likely to want to speed up transactions.
@_date: 2017-04-21 22:45:30
To expand on this:
If you spend from any wallet period, and you don't spend the entire amount, you need a "change address" to put the difference between your current balance and the amount you spent.
Most wallet software will generate a set of private keys.  If your balance is in a single public/private pair, when you spend a partial amount, the partial amount spent is sent to the receiver of the money, and the difference - the change - is sent to another public/private pair you control.
A paper wallet contains only a single public/private pair and cannot generate multiple public/private pairs.  Thus you can lose money if you spend a partial amount, then neglect to specify that the change should be sent to the same public/private pair.
Note that sending the change back to the same public/private pair is potentially unsafe.  (1) Your spending habits are much easier to track on the publicly-available Bitcoin blockchain (2) The point of an offline wallet is to not put the private key on a computer that may have malware that tries to sniff it, so sending the change back to the same public/private pair on the paper wallet after you enter the private key to sign the transaction may leak the private key to malware.
That said, spending the entire balance of the paper wallet to an online hot wallet will ***not*** lose bitcoin.  The thing to do is to print multiple paper wallets at reasonable denominations ("reasonable" will depend on the user), so you can spend smaller amounts.
Personally I'm leery of electronic offline wallets - hardware breaks down.  Paper, kept protected from light, water and fire (a ziploc bag in a safe) can potentially last decades.
Edit: explains why reusing public/private pair for change is bad: 
@_date: 2019-04-30 01:56:48




Because hash renting ("virtual hashing") is extremely small compared to selling mining hardware, meaning most hashrate is bought as mining hardware, and not in fact owned by some entity and then rented out to anyone who wants to point hashrate at particular chains.




Anecdotal evidence mostly, but many grinders here and in bitcointalk claim to HODL some of their earned BTC, and certainly some developers now are known to have mined (on-pool or even solo waaaay back) and are not likely to continue developing unless they have retained some BTC stake.
I am assuming that most of today's grinders are not so different from previous grinders who openly claim to have kept some of their earned BTC.
@_date: 2019-04-23 04:10:31
If you really want to confirm they arrived, install Tor Browser Bundle, then in Tor Browser go to  or  and input the address you used to receive.
You won't be able to spend them until the DDoS clears, but if you need to just confirm they arrived that'll be fine.
@_date: 2019-04-10 10:42:01
With AMP it'll start to be feasible for large transactions too.  So ---
@_date: 2017-04-29 08:28:19
Looks like your instinct not to install BitMain's latest patch was good.  The latest patch does remove AntBleed from the `bmminer` program... but so far, it seems the latest firmware doesn't actually ***use*** `bmminer`.  It might be that they moved most of the mining code to `single-board-test`, added a backdoor (!!!!! BITMAIN YOUR MOTHER IF YOU WANT BITMAIN !!!!), and runs `single-board-test`.
Edit: here's the relevant link of my analysis so far: 
@_date: 2017-04-29 10:07:33
Hi everyone else,
In the spirit of Don't Trust, Verify, I would like to point out that the disassembly shows that the functions which refer to the URL strings, `isAuthToRun` and `PostRate`, are called only by the functions `DoAuth` and `DoPostRate`, respectively.  The latter functions `DoAuth` and `DoPostRate` are not called anywhere else that I could find.
There may be obfuscated methods to cause execution to enter those functions, including possible buffer overflows, ***but I lack sufficient skill to analyze such obfuscated methods***.  From a probability perspective, it is ***much less likely*** that such obfuscated methods to indirectly call those functions are doable, than that there is no deliberate method to call those functions and they are remnants that should be removed because seriously, BitMain.
@_date: 2019-06-11 04:51:53
There's a lot of things you can learn even in the "traditional" financial systems.
For example, in many countries, it is illegal for a merchant to offer a credit card surcharge (as in there are fines, jail time, store closures etc. involved).  They can only offer a cash discount.
Of course a cash discount is mathematically equivalent to a credit card surcharge.
It's just that psychologically, passing up a small discount for convenience is easier, than accepting a surcharge for the same convenience.
Thus do credit card companies propagate their use.
If you live in such a jurisdiction (USA removed this law recently, so no longer applies there), then make an effort to ask about cash discounts and remind yourself that the real price is the cash discount price, and that the difference is in reality the credit card surcharge.
@_date: 2019-04-30 02:38:02
I've been thinking of something similar, with a goal of achieving equal timelocks for N participants (instead of linearly increasing).
What I've been working on depends on a Chaumian bank (that is supposed to be untrusted, but I've not managed to make it completely so I think...) central server that releases the adaptor secret if it can atomically acquire the fee paid to it.
As with Chaumian servers, each client connects once as an input provider and once as an output demander, with a blinded bearer signature to authorize the output demander as also being an input provider without linking inputs to outputs.
0.  Server declares point T of the adaptor secret t, and two future timeouts L0 and L1 such that L0 + n &lt; L1 where n is some sufficiently large small number of blocks.
1.  Clients connect as input providers.  Input providers must also be contactable, i.e. have a Tor hidden service.  Server issues blinded bearer signature.
2.  Clients connect as output demanders, showing unblinded bearer signature as proof.
3.  Server matches up output demanders to input providers by just shuffling them, providing the contact point of the input provider to the output demander.  It may accidentally match up a client to itself, but as long as the client pretends nothing is amiss, the server and the other participants remain unaware that one of them is mixing to itself.
4.  input provider-output demander pairs create a 2-of-2 multisig output with a timed backout transaction with time L1.
5.  Each output provider and server create a 2-of-2 multisig output with a timed backout transaction with time L0.  This contains the fee to the server.
6.  Everybody waits for all the 2-of-2 multisig outputs to get confirmed.
7.  Each input provider provides a partial signature (requiring the adaptor secret) to its matched output demander, spending their 2-of-2 output to the output demander.  Publication of the complete signature means the output demander has learned the adaptor secret.
8.  Server creates a coinjoined transaction spending all the output demander fees to the server and gives to each output demander.
9.  Each output demander provides a partial signature (requiring the adaptor secret) to the coinjoined fee transaction.
10.  When server is able to get all output demander partial signatures for each of the fee outputs it earns, it can complete the signatures and publish the coinjoined fee transaction.  Then the server atomically gets its fee and provides the adaptor secret to all output demanders.
11.  Each output demander is now able to complete the signature from its matched input provider and claim its output.
The problem is that it's possible for an output demander to colllude with the server to steal coins between L0 and L1.  If the normal fee to the server is small compared to the bribe from the output demander, the output demander can fail to provide the partial signature for the fee, then offer to pay the adaptor secret with greater than the total fee the server would have earned.
The above uses only 2-of-2 so 2p-ECDSA is useable, but I can't figure out how to eliminate the trust in the server.
You might also consider using payjoin between clients to help hide the amount being swapped, though that does risk history getting merged somewhat unless both clients have been using ZeroLink zealously on both the payjoined and the swapped inputs.
@_date: 2019-04-29 09:08:17
***LIGHTNING STRIKE*** THIS IS BITCOIN
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:29:06
Coins.ph is still alive and does prepaid cellular  loads even. I don't use them because they are NYA signatories.
@_date: 2019-12-29 09:20:48
This is just getting us back into the current Bitcoin isn't it?
Edit: yeah you say as much here: 
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:05:28
Yes.  Looking over the code: it's so incompetently coded that it doesn't even confirm if the server it's talking to is the correct one.
Even if this was intended to be a feature, it doesn't check for owner authorization, it checks from authorization from auth.minerlink.com without even checking if it's talking to the correct server.
@_date: 2019-04-26 04:47:54
SPV, without fraud proofs, puts the blockchain at risk to miners.
I've used this example a number of times but I'm too lazy to go back through my comments so---
Let's say you have two miners, Alice and Bob, who happen to have the exact same hashrate.  Alice takes every bitcoin she mines and sells it for fiat, because to her, mining Bitcoins is just a job.  Bob, however, only sells enough to cover the electricity cost and living expenses.  Everything on top, he HODLs in BTC.
Alice does not really believe in the future of Bitcoin: she's not, in fact, using it.  Sure, she gets paid in it, but she wants fiat and just converts everything to fiat first.  If tomorrow the Bitcoin network dies, she'd be out of a job, but she's a grown woman and can find a new job and has done all the proper AML and KYC at her banks and supports the Keynesian inflation economy because that's where she *actually* puts her funds in.
Bob is tied to Bitcoin.  If tomorrow the Bitcoin network dies, not only is he out of a job, but all his savings are lost: forever.  He is a user of Bitcoin, in the most important sense of the word: he uses it to save his money so that the inflation tax is not used against him, and that he may build a better future for himself someday.
Now, to an SPV node, miners are voting on which blockchain is true, weighed according to their hashrate, because an SPV node accepts as true the chain that is longest.  Thus to an SPV node, Alice and Bob (who we have introduced as having equal hashrate) have equal "say" in the future of the blockchain.
This is bad because: what happens if a bunch of Alice-type miners got together and proposed to *double* the miner subsidy every 4 years instead of halving it? (Bob-type miners are not going to support it since their life savings are in BTC: yes they'd earn more in mining but they'd lose from the devaluation of their existing savings)
An SPV node will be completely and totally unaware of the coinbase: all it cares about is its own transaction(s) are in some block.  The coinbase of that block, the SPV node doesn't really check so it remains unaware of the move to double the miner subsidy (and if the coinbase outputs a large amount, so what? Maybe some transaction in that block accidentally paid high miner fees: is the SPV node going to download the entire block to check each transaction's fee?Tthen it would start to behave more like a fullnode, right?).
But we should consider our intuition that Alice is not really into the future of Bitcoin.  Maybe Alice's hashing machines are getting close to their end-of-life, so if tomorrow Bitcoin dies, she can shrug it off as "that time I did mining for that failed project Bitcoin".  All her savings are in fiat, which isn't going to die when Bitcoin dies (heck it would even validate fiat, because if the "main" cryptocurrency dies, why would you even want to save in Bitcoin? The Keynesians were right!)  Why should Alice be given a vote at all on the future of Bitcoin?  She has no right to it!
Bob has a right to it, but Bob has a right to vote on the future of Bitcoin not because he is a miner, but because he is a HODLer.
So the future of the network must  be controlled by the economic majority that holds and transacts and trades in Bitcoin.
And the means to do so is to use a fullnode, preferably one you control (or at the minimum, which you can select, a la Electrum), to check your balance of Bitcoin.  Because even if Alice-type miners try to push a double-the-miner-subsidy hardfork, the fullnodes will reject those blocks as invalid, because they're checking the blockchain in detail.  When Alice tries to sell her BTC for fiat, nobody will buy it because those coinbases are on blocks that are not on any valid blockchain.
Miners are Bitcoin's bitches.  They are paid for their service, but are strictly subservient to the network: as long, at least, as fullnodes dominate the network.
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:29:55
I doubt if enabling MinerLink involves hand-editing the `/etc/hosts` file.
Looking over the code, I don't see a user-controllable setting that turns it off, it may be permanently enabled on the miner firmware.  There's a variable `need_send` in the code which enables the "feature" in the firmware, and it is initialized to `true` here: 
I haven't seen anything that sets that variable to `false`.  There's only one reference to it in that file, and that's here:  .  It's the part that operates the phone-home functionality.  The variable is declared `static` so it cannot be referred to by another file.
Conclusion: the user can't turn it off on the miner side, and it defaults to enabled.
@_date: 2017-04-08 04:28:39
There might not be transactions at all, so if the miner finds 0 transactions at the time of mining, it's ok to mine an empty block.
The tx fee is supposed to align the interests of miners and transactors. Assuming an empty block and a full block are just as costly, even if a tx has a 1 satoshi fee on top of its size, the miner would prefer to put it in a block than not. It's still an earnable satoshi.
But when an empty block is cheaper than full block, then the miner will prefer an empty block unless the tx fees are high enough to offset the price discount on empty blocks.
Covert ASICBOOST provides that discount to empty blocks.
The use of cASICBOOST is one cause of high tx fees. Heck we might not even be needing a block size increase after all, high tx fees might be only because of cASICBOOST!
@_date: 2019-04-17 03:58:37
OP did say:


Presumably that means "onchain", which has no routes.
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:33:53
"Preferred client" discounts.
@_date: 2017-04-25 22:51:17
1.  Because the use of time limits is part of the underlying protocol to transfer money trustlessly.  Note that it's possible for the software to hide the limit by periodically attempting cooperative close, and reopening the channel with the counterpartner.  But if unexpected stuff happens like the node going down (MtGox, BitFinex), the user needs to know that it will take some time for the money to go back to him/her.
2.  True.  But people might ask "but if a channel is just to one other person, how could LN send to arbitrary other LN people?  WAKE UP PEOPLE LN IS A SCAM BOO" so we have to explain that LN can safely transfer money across multiple channels.
3.  I, as someone who knows the technology, can give you this promise: that if you, yes ***YOU***, random Internet user ever run LN, I will connect you and commit 1.0 btc and let you commit 0.0 btc.  This is because I know that even if we both disconnect, I can hire a closure attorney to reclaim any money you attempt to steal from me, and if we both remain connected indefinitely, or if you attempt to disconnect just by yourself, you will never be able to steal my money.  It would be mostly pointless and simply serve as a way for me to never spend some coins, but I'd do it to prove to you that this technology can be trusted even if its users are untrustable.  Or you can join me and study the technology in detail and why it prevents untrusted users from being able to steal coins.
4.  Would insurance agent be a better term?  It only kicks in if both of you get disconnected inadvertently - i.e. power failure, Dominic Toretto drives an EMP next to my computer, whatever.  As long as you have Internet and a computer with LN+Bitcoin, you can close the channel yourself.  A closure attorney/closure insurance agent/LN insurance node would have to show better uptime than you, but with one hired, even if someone steals your laptop, you now have assurance that even in the unlikely event that your counterparty has something bad happen to him/her, closure will get done and nobody's money will get stolen.
5.  You can't transact more than what you own, yes.  Initially committing 0 to a channel and adding more money to fund a channel, a la checking accounts, is possible - the channel is closed, then reopened, possibly using a single Bitcoin-layer transaction.  Hodlers will want to open several and then participate in public routing to have a "savings account".
@_date: 2017-04-30 22:23:09
Transactions do not transfer money between accounts.  Transactions transfer money from previous transaction outputs to new transaction outputs.  Your "account" may hold 1.0 bitcoin as 100x 0.01 transaction outputs, and to put all of that in a single 1.0 bitcoin payment you need to make a transaction that takes 100 inputs.  This increases the length of the transaction, and it's the transaction length you pay for.
Another perspective: bitcoin can be split and joined down to 1 satoshi units, in much the same way that modern-day fiat has many denominations, and you can "combine" 10 dimes and ask someone for a dollar bill in exchange.  Transactions include an automatic combine-and-split of denominations, and you're actually paying for the combine-and-split operations, not the actual money transfer.
@_date: 2017-04-20 13:05:28
The implications might not be implying what you think it's implying ^^
@_date: 2019-04-17 04:03:26


Eh, I think that's what's happening.  Exchanges are businesses.  If they were earning a lot on BSV, they would just ignore the shitshow and think more along "any publicitiy is good publicity".  If they were earning only a small amount on BSV, they now have an excuse to drop it (reducing their infrastructure maintenance) and thereby earn brownie points to those in the community who do not realize that the economy is stronger than any of its participants.
@_date: 2019-04-29 07:15:27
Really? You know how many atoms of gold exist in the entire universe?
@_date: 2017-04-29 11:37:56
No, we just rip out the bits that connect to the network directly.  The chips appear to not be network capable.
@_date: 2017-04-30 22:04:09


Incorrect.  The actual difference is that males are more willing to take risks since they have a lot less to lose and a lot more to gain, while females are much less willing to take risks.  For every "rational and logical" male who gave a rational-sounding excuse why he succeeded, there are severa; dozen male bums on the street spouting apparent nonsense, when a lot of it is simply men guessing at stuff, without a good rational basis or a before-the-decision knowledge of all the data needed.
Females are almost assured of having children as they come with almost all the equipment needed to do so, men do not and men who luck out might end up getting a harem of females, hence the hedging of females compared to males.  There may be more successful males, but there are also more complete-and-utter-failure males.
@_date: 2019-04-24 10:02:32
@_date: 2017-04-30 11:27:46
Nodes are supposed to be online 24/7.  If a node is offline, it can't receive any money (routing to it will fail - this is the biggest weakness of Lightning compared to Bitcoin).  If you have a channel with a node, and that node is disconnected, the money in that channel is locked up, but you can do a unilateral close and recover your money on that channel after a duration.  If a node is offline, it's possible for people to attempt to steal from that node by unilaterally closing with a fraudulent balance, but if the node comes online before the duration, the theft is reversed and as punishment the stolen-from node gets to keep all the money (i.e. a proof-of-fraud is provided during Lightning transfers).
@_date: 2019-04-12 07:06:47
It's highly suspicious.  Tell him money is never gotten for free, that it always requires some effort, and anything that seems too easy is usually (not always, but usually) a fraud or scam.  In particular, that if this is illegal, and found out, it could mean starting in jail and never leaving, possibly ruining his life forever.  Suggest closer investigation rather than an outright ban.  Did he advertise this and somebody else initiated?  Is it a single other person, or is it several (it's safer if it's several, but a lot more suspicious if it's just one other person).
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:17:51
Relevant: 
No need for Internet access (Internet access is just asking people to haxorz you).
If you want not to have to implement a short-range radio or camera, you can also store the preimage except the first 6 hex digits or so in your table, then implement a hexadecimal keypad.  To claim the product, have the buyer give the first 6 digits of the preimage from paying, concatenate it to your partial preimage, and check if it matches the hash.  If you want to use a decimal keypad, constrain your preimage generation to not generate hex digits for the first 6 digits. 
@_date: 2019-04-26 05:22:38
No, 1 BTC = 1.000001 BTC
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:11:35
Hmm, I spoke a bit soon about the "gas" and script length.
First, consider a functional language with the rules stated in my post (no recursion (variable has to be defined before it is used); function application and variable reference only).
We have the types `List a` and `Void`. `List a` has constructors `Nil` (the empty list) and `Cons` (a list node: `Cons :: a -&gt; List a -&gt; List a`).  `Void` has the constructor `Void`.
Naturals can be represented by `List Void`, with the length of the list being the value of the natural, i.e. 3 == `Cons Void (Cons Void (Cons Void Nil))`.
Given a special primitive `foldr` of type `(a -&gt; b -&gt; b) -&gt; b -&gt; List a -&gt; b`, we can define `plus`, which adds two naturals:
    plus :: List Void -&gt; List Void -&gt; List Void
    plus a b = foldr Cons b a
The above defines addition on two naturals by concatenation of lists.
We can then have the definitions below:
    n1 :: List Void
    n1 = Cons Void Nil
    n2 :: List Void
    n2 = plus n1 n1
    n4 :: List Void
    n4 = plus n2 n2
    n8 :: List Void
    n8 = plus n4 n4
    n16 :: List Void
    n16 = plus n8 n8
We can then represent a 5-bit number, say 30, by:
    n30 = plus (plus n16 n8) (plus n4 n2)
The length of the number is O(log n) rather than O(n).  Huh.  So we can now encode a gas in O(log n) code.
Still, encoding the gas in O(log n) code does require adding a bunch of definitions to the script.  So possibly, it may be acceptable.  Alternatively, we can force use of a non-gas witness on uses of foldr.  For example, we can force the "expansion steps" witness on each use of foldr.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:03:17
MimbleWimble requires completely removing SCRIPT.  This leaves us with Scriptless Script only.  To get Scriptless Script we need to use Schnorr (well we could use 2p-ECDSA now....).  Scriptless Script is also somewhat less powerful: you can do n-of-n using MuSig and m-of-n after that using verifiable secret sharing, but more complex controls like "either the 8 of 12 federation signs now, or if things get stuck after 1 week 1 of these 3 cold storage keys can be used to get things unstuck" do not seem to be possible (I think).  Maybe can give more details.
The MimbleWimble part of Bitcoin would have to be rather strongly segregated from the existing non-MimbleWimble part, i.e. extension block or something similar.  This is because existing UTXOs are SCRIPT-dependent and Bitcoin has the silent policy that as much as possible existing UTXOs that are spendable should remain spenadable forever despite whatever hardforks or softforks happen.  This means supporting both SCRIPT and MimbleWimble in parallel, and SCRIPT means not using MimbleWimble (could use confidential transactions with SCRIPT though, but the "magical shrinking blockchain" is not possible with CT only, you need to take the next step and remove SCRIPT).
Further, MW requires a lot of data for verification (need ZK proofs that you did not give out-of-range or negative values).  Work is still on-going on making the ZK proofs smaller (yes Bulletproofs is a massive reduction, but people are still holding out hope for further reductions after that).


Need to fix the "free American Call Option problem", though  gives a plausible solution.  But yeah, why not?
(Such DEXs would only work for swapping cryptocurrencies using the same hash functions, so fiat non-cryptocurrencies are harder to trade with atomic swaps here)
@_date: 2019-04-08 10:18:18
Miners which *don't* sort by fee are throwing away fee earnings.  This means that if a miner refuses to mine a justice transaction that spends the attacker's funds completely on fees, is throwing away that fee earning (== attacker's funds).  Meaning that if the miner *is* the attacker, it is *also* losing its own funds because it is rejecting those fees (which other competing miners can still confirm if they get in, meaning they risk losing out twice).
This is only vulnerable if some single miner can 51% attack (which allows them to completely censor justice transactions and to censor competing miners that accept justice transactions), but that condition is already an extinction event for the base Bitcoin layer anyway; why expect LN to survive that when the BTC it's running on won't?
@_date: 2017-04-10 22:51:45
If he can lie to us, he can lie to his investors.
@_date: 2017-04-12 05:20:56
Bail-out: government gives money to bank to keep it afloat.
Bail-in: government takes money from bank to keep itself afloat.
@_date: 2019-04-16 08:27:45
References? Hard to find those.  I mostly got my information from trawling bitcoin-dev mailinglist.
@_date: 2019-04-17 13:37:16
With non-hardened derivation, knowledge of a child private key and the index of that child private key in the parent is enough to determine the parent private key.  Non-hardened derivation is usually the path used in generating both receive and change paths (BIP44 switches to non-hardened derivation at the change / receive split level), so often spending from a receive address also reveals your change address to a quantum attacker.  The address index starts counting at 0 so it's not hard to try a few iterations from a random receive private key to determine the direct parent, then switch to the change path and try searching for unspent change addresses.
Do note that quantum attacks are still theoretical and may remain theoretical for some more years (and other financial infrastructure is easier to attack than Bitcoin's even with quantum computers).
Hardened derivation involves hashing the parent private key to get the child private key, so knowledge of a chlld private key is not enough to determine the parent private key.  Hash functions are known to not be vulnerable to quantum computers.
@_date: 2019-04-10 02:50:18
Proof-of-work.  It's the only truly secure way to protect a blockchain.  Other ways involve a hidden form of proof-of-work, so you might as well be honest and openly design the coin around proof-of-work.
@_date: 2019-06-03 10:15:28
Depends on what system you are talking about.
If you're talking about Bitcoin Core it keeps track of all UTXOs, whatever their `scriptPubKey` is (what you call an "address" is really just encoding particular templated `scriptPubKey`s).
Most commodity wallets just track UTXOs that match addresses they control, and refer directly or indirectly to some Bitcoin Core instance (possibly with some additional software on top e.g. ElectrumX) that knows all the UTXOs, and informs the wallet of all UTXO creation and deletion events.
@_date: 2019-04-10 06:05:29
@_date: 2019-04-30 11:27:32
He wants to know if he should spend it all on hookers and blow now, or 5 months from now.
@_date: 2019-04-08 03:42:11
I don't know if they have anything other than "increase the block size".
@_date: 2019-04-10 02:53:42
Well it's no longer PCs that do the work these days, rather specialized hardware, but in any case --- every transaction pays fees, and it's those fees that will keep it afloat.
The 21 million cap will occur past 2100 I think, too.
@_date: 2017-04-27 07:22:35
That's a rough summary of replies to me while I was over at r/btc showing the code to anyone who would listen.
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:56:21
@_date: 2017-04-29 16:00:22
Yes, I realized that later when I saw the old version didn't launch `bmminer` directly either, and disassembled `single-board-test` before BitMain released the source.
@_date: 2017-04-24 12:54:37
This.  I despair of SegWit activating on Bitcoin ever, though.
@_date: 2019-04-10 06:12:16
HD wallets do not generate addresses.  They generate keypairs.
As long as keypairs are compatible with Bitcoin's (i.e. uses secp256k1), the same keypair can be used in both Bitcoin and any altcoin.
Further, HD means Hierarchical Derivation.  This means you can take a private key, then use it to derive multiple private keys.  Each of those private keys can then be used to derive multiple private keys.  Since private keys have corresponding public keys, the magic of HD is simply that you can get the public key and derive multiple public keys, which are the public keys of the private keys you would get if you started with the corresponding root private key.
Thus an HD wallet represents a tree of keypairs.
Each cryptocurrency is assigned a "path" through this tree.  Then it generates two keypairs and uses one keypair to generate keypairs for receiving, and another keypair to generate keypairs for change.  It then converts the public key to the address format of the cryptocurrency you are using.
Even if the curve used by a cryptocurrency is different, as long as the private keys are 256-bit scalars, then it could still be used using the private key derivation algorithm, but you lose the ability for inspect-only wallets since the base public key cannot be used.
@_date: 2019-04-05 07:38:26
bitcoin-dev thread: 
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:25:12
If you do decide to use Electrum (I do), first get some paper and pencil.  When Electrum first starts, you make a new standard wallet, which will present you with 12 words.  Write down those 12 words and do not lose them.  Order is important.  Do not store those words electronically, do not take a picture of them.  Give a copy to a significant other if you have one, so that he or she can recover them in case something happens to you.  After checking and transfers, delete your wallet file - you can regenerate it with those 12 words again as long as you wrote them down accurately.
It's better to set up a watching wallet (so that even if you are hacked, they can't steal your coins, they can only watch your coins).
@_date: 2017-04-10 05:45:55
Maybe not "nobody" - but perhaps fewer, and therefore less valuable?  Security means little if fewer people actually value the thing being secured.
I find it very interesting to check out how the bitcoin price reacted back when a BU HF was first introduced as a possibility, then when UASF was introduced, and now that Greg Maxwell dropped his covert ASICBOOST bombshell.
That is the invisible hand, which reacts to information available to the market.  If the market decides some thing is not valuable, the price for it will drop, security be damned.
 
(TLDR: security is not the ***sole*** criterion for economic choice - bug-freedom, as well as judgment of fairness, openness, accountability, innovation, and so on, are also criteria. These affect the price of the coin, and if the coin price drops, well, who cares about the miners on that chain?  PoW Change is not just a change in bitcoin - if people decide to switch over to Litecoin because reasons, that's just as much of a PoW Change, since Litecoin uses scrypt instead of SHA256(SHA256()).)
@_date: 2019-06-19 10:52:59
"Progression of logical time" == "easy to fake"
Secondly, non-overlapping sharding means each node is not validating the whole blockchain, instead they trust the other nodes are validating their parts. You know, trust, don't verify.
@_date: 2017-04-27 09:08:30
Not quite forgot the /s.  It's a rough summary of what is on r/btc
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:33:44
variance /s
@_date: 2017-04-26 23:01:44
The variable controlling this feature is initialized here: 
It's initialized to true.
The code that performs the sending checks that variable if it's true: 
There is no code anywhere that disables the feature.  Nothing sets `need_send` to `false`, anywhere.
@_date: 2019-04-02 03:10:12


I don't know about your lawmakers, but I certainly hope smart lawmakers would realize that delegitimizing a punishment for cheating would totally undermine any system of punishment.


Yeah, right.
@_date: 2019-04-05 03:01:24
Several years out.  Current direction is to prioritize getting Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") channels, which requires us to wait for Bitcoin Core to release SegWitv1 which is when they plan to include the `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` we need for Decker-Russell-Osuntokun.  We need Decker-Russell-Osuntokun because people keep trying to recover their channel data from backups even after we told them this would lose them money, sigh.
Current channel factories require the Decker-Wattenhofer construction at the factory level, then existing Poon-Dryja at the channel level, and Decker-Wattenhofer has the bad property of require long locktimes (e.g. months long, compared to Poon-Dryja being hours or days) in unilateral closes, which makes channel factory unilateral closes even *more* painful.  Being able to use Decker-Russel-Osuntokun constructions at both levels (which have locktimes closer to Poon-Dryja) would be better in terms of unilateral close locktimes, and may simplify our implementations if we can reuse code at both levels.
SegWitV1 packages a bunch of improvements, many of which allow reducing block space usage of many usecases, such as coin swaps (for reducing trackability), (possibly) signature aggregation, and multisignatures requiring only one onchain signature.  So even that is worth waiting for.


Effective 2Mb increase already exists in SegWit, that's enough.  Any more and technological advances might be unable to outstrip blockchain growht.
@_date: 2019-04-08 10:07:06
LN won't centralize as long as people take steps not to encourage centralization.
For example, the next big problem in LN is scaling of route lookup.  At some point in the future the LN will be so big, ordinary consumer devices will no longer be able to store the entire LN public routemap.  One proposal is to impose a tree structure on the LN public network for a O(log n) lookup, but that centralizes since a tree is the same as a hierarchy and attacking a hierarchy is simple: attack the head (i.e. the root of the tree).  Another proposal is to map the LN onto a gigantic circle and to ask whoever you know on that circle who is nearer to the destination than you are, and the node you ask can go ask somebody else (that they know about (which you might not know about) and is closer to the destination than them) and so on until the destination is found; since a circle has no end, no special point on the circle that is more important than any other point and there is no point to attack on the circle.  The circle's center is not on the circle itself. 
People are working on giving receivers a way to keep their location on the network secret (currently, invoices tell you the node of the receiver anyway).
Privacy is going to increase, so centralization won't give any special leverage, and we can thus expect less centralization than the base Bitcoin network.
Fees will be reduced precisely because more and more of your payments will be done on Lightning.  The recent fee spike never really affected the LN other than some UI weirdnesses (UX does need to be improved, but it's ***only UX***, not a fundamental problem with LN).
@_date: 2017-04-25 16:50:05
The hope is that Bitcoin will revolutionize the world enough that countries without water will start to "magically" have water once they get good Internet.
Or in other words, perhaps a better financial institution will allow people in impoverished countries to build up their fortunes in ways that are much harder to steal than now.
I could be engaging in wishful thinking, though.
In any case - I think Internet as a basic right should have equal priority as water, for the simple reason that no one will care if someone not in their facebook is dying of thirst (this is hyperbole, obviously someone will care enough to actually attempt to do something about it, the problem is whether there will be enough who will care).
@_date: 2017-04-27 12:31:48
A public append-only ledger that has to record each and every coffee you bought
@_date: 2017-04-12 03:11:04
Don't have a stackexchange account, and I'm too lazy to go get one ^^
@_date: 2017-04-03 11:17:25
Thank you very much for your silence.
@_date: 2019-04-12 02:51:10
The list of all people who aren't in a list?  Bertrand Russell would like a word with you.
@_date: 2017-04-15 05:26:31
This seems to suggest to me that on-chain scaling is not ideal for good transaction throughput, that most transactions will be via sidechains and some kind of clearinghouse (lightnig network?), and that eventually the main use for the blockchain would be what we today call spam.
@_date: 2017-04-17 09:46:04
I don't need coffee, I can get free coffee at my workplace.
Give me a way to increase my wealth without suffering a 32% income tax, that's what I need more.
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:38:40
Yes, I'm aware of Stolfi's reputation ^^.  No problem^^
@_date: 2019-04-26 04:17:54
Not billions at current tech, maybe hundreds of millions.  With channel factories, possibly billions indeed.  No custodianship risk (you remain a signatory on every channel whose permission must be had in order to change channel state) and no centralization risk (hubs can be bypassed trivially, blocks remain small so no risk of mass SPV that causes miner centralization).
@_date: 2017-04-26 23:19:01
TLDR: the code says antbleed is enabled by default and cannot be disabled by the user.
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:23:31
The issue is custodiality, not Lightning. Lightning itself requires running your own node. It's pointless to use a custodial Lightning service because the entire point of Lightning is to transact offchain while retaining custody of your own funds.
@_date: 2017-04-12 05:24:16
This.  I really wish I bought back then.
@_date: 2017-04-28 14:34:26
There is nothing in that menu that can disable Antbleed.
First, download PuTTY: 
Then we need to learn how to SSH into your miner.  I'll try to search this for you,
@_date: 2019-04-30 04:05:39
In Cinematic America, [vegetable eat YOU](
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:46:07


What? No.
Initial Sync cannot do anything except *grow*.  That's the problem.  What gets on the blockchain ***stays*** on the blockchain, forever.
Even if Lightning manages to bring us to a mythical nonexistent future where blocks are just a coinbase, any excess usage today will *permanently slow down* initial block download in perpetuity.
And it's initial block download which is painful when starting up a new fullnode.  I know because I can't start a fullnode because initial block download will use up about 10 months of my bandwidth allocation here in my country.
Even if we could depend upon technological advances in the future to reduce initial block download, by the time the future arrives the blockchain will have *increased* in size by that time, *even without a change in block size*.
In short: the block size today represents the *increase* in initial block download, which has to be compensated for by advancing technology (optimization of Bitcoin Core, faster and more widespread Internet, faster CPUs).
And at some point technological advances will stagnate, because Physical Universe Limits like speed-of-light.  If you think that sucks, blame God, it created the Universe.  As engineers we have to work with the lousy material. 
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:15:10
C-lightning is starting to plan out how to implement multipart payments, called "bass amplifier" (originally "base AMP" until Lightning Labs complained).  This is a form of AMP that does not tie multipath payments to spontaneous payments (i.e. it allows both invoice-based and spontaneous payments to be multipath).  A lot of the trouble here is with Lightning Labs insisting on tying spontaneous and multipath payments, when base AMP can support both invoice and spontaneous payments.
C-lightning has its own mailinglist and github:
github: 
mailinglist: 
At least one developer of C-lightning, wants to prioritize this.  Unfortunately he has no time recently to actually do Lightning development work (his normal job seems unrelated to Bitcoin, so he's doing this out of passion I think).
@_date: 2019-04-17 06:13:27
Publicly visible nodes.  If all your channels are unpublished, nobody can know you are using LN except your direct counterparties in the channel.
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:29:31
Thank you.  However, this post may be referred to by newbies in the future, so it may be better to at least have an answer to the FUD rather than just let it be the last word.
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:28:20


I'm not saying there are only two miners.  I'm saying that to an SPV node, both have the same "voting rights" of equal hashrate --- but Alice-type miners ***should not*** have these voting rights at all, while Bob-type miners *should*, but only to the extent that they actually *hodl* the coin.


So?  Those who hold must still be those who are most interested in the future of the Bitcoin network, because all their bitcoins live there in the end.  If the Bitcoin network collapses, those bitcoins will be worth nothing.  It is still the interest of the economic majority to keep the Bitcoin network running --- whether by subsidizing miners, or kicking them out.
In addition, the reason why proof-of-stake is wrong-headed is that it is *exactly* the same amount of power as proof-of-work (i.e. proof-of-stake ***is*** proof-of-work) but often has degraded security.  So don't be surprised that suddenly something like proof-of-stake appears out of a proof-of-work blockchain, because something like proof-of-work suddenly appears out of a proof-of-stake blockchain (in the form of stake-grinding attacks).  The two concepts are intertwined (they are duals of each other, but proof-of-stake is trying to market itself as "more power-efficient" when it's *less* power-efficient), and for that matter have the same power usage.


That's only valid while a good part of the network is using fullnodes.
As you may or may not have noticed, "large block" forks tend to strongly encourage SPV nodes, precisely because miners have all the power there.  They even strongly imply that adding non-mining fullnodes just makes the mining network slower to propagate blocks and transactions and artificially limits the block size.
But once all full nodes are run *only* by miners, then miners end up being a voting quorum.  And we don't want Alice-type miners to have *the same* voting weight as Bob-type miners (which is the entire premise, not that there are only two miners in the world: you are strawmanning my argument, I'm not saying Alice and Bob are the only miners in the world, I'm saying Alice and Bob should not have *equal* voting rights, or even that we should be talking about voting at all: we should be talking in terms of agreed-upon consensus, i.e. fullnodes).


An SPV node ***cannot*** validate the latter --- the SPV node is not downloding all the transactions in a block and then verifying that the coinbase is only the sum of the fees plus the block subsidy.  Thus miners ***can*** create coins out of thin air!  They do that in their coinbases, and you can only validate the coinbase if you actually download the entire block *and* validate all the transactions in it (which requires that you validate every transaction they spend, which requires validating the blocks they are in, which requires validating the coinbases, which requires downloading all those blocks.... you know, fullnoding).
In a world where you are either a miner with a fullnode, or an SPV node, a 51% collusion of miners can choose to reverse deflation, and SPV nodes cannot do anything to gainsay them unless they upgrade to fullnodes.  You know, UASF.
@_date: 2017-04-07 05:50:22
Axa, whose business is taking your money and investing it in random companies so that if something bad happens to you they can give you a nice monetary boost, invested a little in blockstream. This is evil because axa supports fractional reserve banking, which is evil and totally not at all an institutionalized p2p lending scheme that worked well enough before the internet happened.
@_date: 2019-04-05 02:34:34
Channel factories: 
I estimate we can average maybe a dozen or so people in a factory, meaning this is equivalent to increasing the block size by 10x without, in fact, increasing the block size.
Channel factories retain the trust-minimization of Lightning, though unilateral closes become more painful.
Block size increases should be our last option, and we should always strive to look for ways to scale without a block size increase *before* proposing a block size increase.
Channel factories might be the last offchain optimization we can make --- but also *might not* be.  Channel factories were only proposed in 2017 and haven't been implemented yet, even, so somebody might still discover further scaling optimizations that can provide order-of-magnitude improvements without increasing global load.
(the fact that SegWit provides a block size doubling is something premature, but it bought a proper malleability fix as well as makes multiparty offchain protocols quite a bit safer, so it's *a little* fine with me; a doubling from 1Mb is tolerable, but *another* doubling? please no)
Now perhaps one might argue, "but we have 10 billion people that need to be onboarded to Bitcoin", and that would be quite correct.  I would then counterargue that if there are so many people who will get into Bitcoin, then diverting some of them from the dead end of thinking "oh let's just increase the fucking block size" to thinking "are there ways to scale without increasing the block size?" means increased chance that somebody will find a brilliant idea to scale even more without increasing the block size.  And if there are more people getting into Bitcoin, as long as we can teach them the idea "block size increase is the last resort" then that automatically means more people thinking of non-block-size-increase scaling methods, so it all balances out.
Even if most of the people entering into Bitcoin are not going to have the necessary training needed to think of scaling methods, surely they can incentivize this by offerring to pay those who *are* capable of working on other scaling methods.
@_date: 2019-04-29 08:24:45
Still requires that the sub-channel signatories are signatories of everything on top.  The blockchain is unaware of any new cryptographic constructs you use, unless you somehow manage to teach it in terms that it understands: hashes and signatures.  Merkle trees aren't easily expressed that way, and still you need to tell it what signatures to accept on the higher-level constructs, because those are the signatories onchain and they can always coordinate to sign a new transaction that removes whatever transaction you depend upon; the only way to prevent that is to be one of the signatories yourself so if a transaction that completely invalidates a transaction you want to keep around is posted, you can say "no way" and refuse to sign it.
Sub-channel security is derived from onchain signatories.  So you can create sub-channels between the signatories that are seen onchain (though if there are only two of you, there probably isn't much point).  If there are more signatories, then that's a channel factory, but you can only safely put channels within the signatory set.
In the end, you need routing, but really --- this isn't a problem.  Just make a route, try, make a route, try, until you run out of time.  That works well enough for 99% of payment attempts.
@_date: 2017-04-29 08:21:42
Hi notthematrix I've looked at the startup files in the latest BitMain firmware filesystem you posted.  An interesting fact is that `bmminer` is ***not*** run at startup.
Is the link in your post the old software?  It might be useful to compare `/etc/init.d/bmminer.sh` between the old and new firmware.
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:57:17
Offchain protocols like LN are cryptocurrency systems that need another cryptocurrency system to exist.
Blockchains are cryptocurrency systems that require only a universe with thermodynamics to exist.
The transactions on Lightning are secure based on the fact that, at any time, if a disagreement occurs, we can drop onchain and use the blockchain as the final, highest court that decides on what should happen.
The point is that we can make the credibility of that threat (to drop to the blockchain and let the blockchain decide) the basis of a security model on top of the blockchain.
If you're going to try to screw someone over the LN, you are likely to get caught and lose your money.  But to get caught, you need a higher court of law to fall back on, and that's the blockchain.  The hope is that this threat is enough to keep most participants in line with the LN protocol.
This basically models modern court systems: you have an employment contract that basically says "you work, employer pays you" and for most cases, nobody has to bring the contract to court.  Every day you go to work, but you don't have to pass by the local court of law just to see if the contract is valid or not; the court of law just has to see the contract when there's a problem between you and your employer.  If that works for 99% of employees, that should work for 99% of transactors in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-05 10:55:30
But asses!!
@_date: 2019-04-10 09:45:00
Probably after Decker-Russell-Osuntokun channels ("eltoo").
Digression: viable multiparticipant cryptocurrency system ("channel") constructions
1.  Poon-Dryja - The current construction used by Lightning.  Only two participants.  No restriction on any CLTVs in contracts transported over the system (affects HTLCs).  Can work with short unilateral close locktimes measurable in hours or days.  Generates toxic waste (old states) which you ***must*** delete and never back up.
2.  Decker-Wattenhofer - Proposed around the same time as Poon-Dryja, never deployed at scale.  Multiple participants.  Unilateral closes have a maximum locktime measurable in days, weeks, potentially months (the locktime tends to decrease at each update, but not in a monotonic manner).  No toxic waste.
3.  Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") - Proposed next generation construction for Lightning.  Multiple participants.  CLTVs in contracts must be longer than the unilateral close locktime, otherwise the channel must be unilaterally closed in order to provide time to enforce the CLTV onchain.  Unilateral closes can be short, measurable in hours or days.  No toxic waste.  Requires `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` at the blockchain level.
Currently, channel factories would use the Decker-Wattenhofer construction at the factory level, then use the (currently used by Lightning) Poon-Dryja at the channel level.  Decker-Wattenhofer has the problem that closing unilaterally requires potentially months-long locktimes, hence this is not very attractive.
(we can't use Poon-Dryja at the factory level since Poon-Dryja is two-participant-only; the point of channel factories is several people (more than 2) coinjoining their channel opens and revealing only a single UTXO at the blockchain level.)
Decker-Russel-Osuntokun has hours-long or days-long locktimes for unilateral close (similar to Poon-Dryja), but supports multiple participants (*unlike* Poon-Dryja, which is strictly two-participant).  This allows Decker-Russell-Osuntokun to be used at the factory level without the months-long locktimes suffered by Decker-Wattenhofer.  It can also be used at the channel level, so we'd have a nice construction where both channel and factory levels are Decker-Russell-Osuntokun.
Poon-Dryja has only one advantage over Decker-Russel-Osuntokun, which is that you can safely collapse the construction at 1 block before any absolute timelocks used in your contracts (HTLCs), but both Decker-Russell-Osuntokun and Decker-Wattenhofer require `N`+1 blocks before any absolute timelocks, where `N` is the length of the unilateral close locktime.  That's the only advantage, it's not a very big one (complicates weighting of route candidates for Decker-Russell-Osuntokun, but that's doable, no biggie), and Decker-Russell-Osuntokun does not have "toxic waste" problem of Poon-Dryja, hence we will switch to Decker-Russell-Osuntokun at the channel level eventually.
Decker-Russell-Osuntokun requires `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`.  Bitcoin Core engineers plan to add this in SegWitV1, sometimes called "eltoonicorn", together with Schnorr, Taproot, MAST (maybe), signature aggregation (maybe), and so on. (current SegWit is SegWitV0 because we're computer engineers and we always start counting at 0)
So factories are better under Decker-Rusell-Osuntokun, so more likely to be deferred to after "eltoo", and "eltoo" requires SegWitV1 at the base layer first.
TLDR: we can implement factories now, but it would suck.  `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` will make it not suck, so we'll do that first.
@_date: 2017-04-26 21:54:45
MinerLink is a thing: 
The problem is that, even so, it is implemented very badly:
1.  DNS shenanigans can make it talk to the wrong server.  Antbleed link has example(someone who can access your hosts file can fool it), but worse DNS shenanigans can be done.  Not even an SSL certificate to protect it...
2.  You can't see the server code.  It's not remote code execution but since it calls the server and waits for a response the server can disable the miner even if the miner's owner doesn't want it disabled.  There's not even basic cryptography like querying for the owner's signature to disable the miner.
3.  As a programmer, I can tell you that the data sent to the server is the MAC address of the network hardware, the IP address, and serial numbers of the board, and the only thing the server returns is whether to turn it on or off.  So at most the only thing MinerLink can provide at this point is to turn the miner on or off, and to monitor if your miner is online.  The problem, as I mentioned in the above points, is that MinerLink can be used to turn it off without the owner of the miner authorizing it.  Heck, LN without SegWit is more secure to use than MinerLink at this point.
@_date: 2019-04-15 00:39:00
Those coins are not actually being used.  When their use goes up, their infrastructure will collapse.  Bitcoin abides because it has shit like the FIBRE network and massive optimizations of signature validation in libsecp256k1, and the people building those infrastructure are absolutely convinced that they'll stop working well enough if we start increasing blocksize or removing blocksize limits.
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:15:25
It's a symptom of how hard it is to move value *out* of the banking system.
Try localbitcoins.com , might get direct cash for bitcoin deals there, though the exchange spread is worse.
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:08:19
More fee earnings.
@_date: 2017-04-07 02:43:45
There are two variants of asicboost. oASICBOOST (overt) requires fooling around with the order of txs in a block, to change the merkle tree root in the header to a number that has been precomputed at higher efficiency. It's obvious or "overt" if you use it because most miners will sort txs from highest to lowest fee. cASICBOOST (covert) requires using an empty block to get that precomputed higher efficiency. Empty blocks are expected, hence difficult to prove use of the covert ASICBOOST.
The problem is that cASICBOOST incentivizes empty blocks even when the miner knows there are unconfirmed txs: empty blocks are cheaper, so unless the tx fees are large enough to offset the electricity discount of cASICBOOST empty blocks, the empty block is preferred, blocking transaction progress.
The reason tx fees are high and confirmations are slow is not because of block size. The reason is cASICBOOST
@_date: 2017-04-28 19:25:58
About $236.
Should have put every cent of savings then, haha, but only managed to convince $220 from my wife.
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:44:42
No.  You see, you are just a Core shill trying to defame the blessed Jihan Wu, who is the only Bitcoin Leader (aside from Roger Ver) who understands the Last Great Words of our one and only god Satoshi Nakamoto.  This "AntBleed" is just the remnants of MinerLink, the code wasn't hidden, it was openly written out in open source, Core is just being desperate and trying to push UASF SegWit because they don't want to scale Bitcoin on-chain, they want to scam everyone's money on their altchain LightningCoin, oh and didn't you hear that one of the Core guys used to maintain a wallet that also phoned home?
@_date: 2017-04-11 06:35:05
I would suggest generating an address on demand.  If someone is able to quietly get access to your database, they may quietly collect private keys and then suddenly steal everything one day.
Instead, consider installing a hardware random number generator.  On Linux you may be able to use video_entropyd and/or audio_entropyd, which gets random noise from webcam or microphone to make it harder (possibly much harder) for an online hacker to predict your private keys.  (I'm assuming bitcoind uses /dev/random, at least).
@_date: 2017-04-13 19:38:41
Uh, no. 95% blocks in an adjustment period was done by [bip9]( as a useful shortcut to determine if all nodes in the network have upgraded to a protocol version. Although it acts as a veto by any miner with &gt;5% hashpower, it was not intended to be such.
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:39:51
Can bitwage work in the Philippines??
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:33:59
The goal is eventually to have the CA and BH be a single role, and to let anyone take on those roles, so that as long as a single LN node exists, all LN payment channels are protected.  This goal has not been met at this time (2017-04-26), and LN nodes going down are a risk.
As I've mentioned for a few posts now, discussion on how to fix the LN-node-goes-down problem is now lower priority than the LN-without-segwit problem.
@_date: 2019-04-29 03:56:46
Criminals in prisons tend to be slightly above average in intelligence.
And remember that criminals in prisons are the ones who made mistakes dumb enough that they got caught and thrown in prison.
Ergo, the average criminal is even more intelligent than average.
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:20:24
You may need to start using payment channel techniques.
You could use a `nSequence`-enforced variant of Spillman channels.  You'll need SegWit.
1.  Select some SegWit UTXOs you own and create a transaction (SegWit is a strong requirement) spending to a 2-of-2 of you and recipient.  Do ***not*** sign and broadcast this transaction yet.  You can get a txid from this transaction even when unsigned (because SegWit).  Call this the setup transaction.
2.  Create a new transaction, the kickoff transaction, that spends the above setup transaction.  It just spends to another 2-of-2 of you and recipient (preferably use a different pubkey).  Again, do ***not*** sign and broadcast this transaction yet.  You can get a txid from this transaction even when unsigned (because SegWit).
3.  Create a new transaction, the first update transaction, that spends the above kickoff transaction.  This spends the 2-of-2 and returns it all to you.  Unlike the other transactions, add an `nSequence` ***relative*** timelock in the future.  The longer the timelock, the more updates it can have.
4.  Share signatures in reverse order.  First share signatures for the first update transaction, then share signatures for the kickoff transaction.  Share the transactions to the recipient also.
5.  Sign and broadcast the setup transaction.  Keep the kickoff and the latest update transaction.
6.  Wait for setup transaction to be buried sufficiently deeply.
1.  Sign a new update transaction that gives more money to the recipient and less to you, with a smaller `nSequence` relative locktime.
2.  Replace the current update transaction you are keeping in your memory with the latest.
3.  If you have reached the minimum relative locktime you feel is safe, you cannot update any more and can only close the channel.  Since you are paying a regular amount, you can use this to estimate how much to put in the channel in the first place and how many updates you want to have in total, to determine the maximum relative locktime you start with.
Unilateral close:
1.  Either side may broadcast the kickoff transaction at any time to terminate the relationship.
2.  Once the kickoff has been confirmed deeply enough for either side to broadcast the latest update transaction, broadcast the latest update transaction.  Earlier update transactions will have longer relative locktimes and thus will be unable to compete with the earlier one (provided it can be confirmed early enough; either side with money in the channel could CPFP that transaction to confirm it earlier to prevent older update transactions from being able to replace it).
Bilateral close:
1.  Since a unilateral close is possible at any time, either side can offer to do a bilateral close.
2.  Create and sign a transaction that directly spends the setup transaction and splits it to the correct distribution of money.  This lets both sides skip the extra kickoff transaction and wait time needed for unilateral close.
3.  Broadcast the bilateral close transaction.
@_date: 2019-04-12 03:09:57
Here's a better one that is still horny.  Eventually LN will switch from the current payment hash/preimage to payment point/scalars, which would allow some homomorphic encryption shenanigans.  For example, I could show some thumbnails for a pornographic film, some encrypted Gb of data that I claim is the encrypted form of the pornographic film, then provide a proof that the thumbnails were extracted from the film (with high probability) if I know the scalar that generates a particular point (and the scalar itself is the decryption key of the pornographic film).  If you like the thumbnail, you download the encrypted form, pay me for the scalar (that decrypts the film) and enjoy the film!
Except you can get porn for free anyway, so no.
@_date: 2019-04-10 06:24:02
Not really.  A non-mining node that controls coins can use the diverging miner's chain to sell control of those coins at low prices (there are various tricks to cause divergence on both coins to allow this), forcing miners to either shut down (because they can't pay electricity costs with the coin price dropping) or switch back to the coin that hasn't been sold off.
Miners are bitches to the economy, yo.
@_date: 2017-04-24 20:42:28
My understanding is that .onion is not part of DNS, but rather TOR, and would require that your serving wallet be capable of connecting via TOR rather than clearnet.
@_date: 2017-04-16 12:06:30
1. What happens if I spam the network with 1 satoshi txs between two public  keys I own? I.e. sybil.
2. What if a big enough miner or mining cartel blocks txs signalling upgrades they don't want? I.e. censorship
That said, it seems to be just some variant of Loss of Stake, where economic actors "bribe" the miners to push some improvement to the network.
1. Someone proposed a service or agent which monitors the blockchain and sends a btc bonus to miners signalling for a desired improvement.
2. There's the preffered miner service which provides txs only to preferred miners, which means only those signalling what you want get paid tx fees.
3. Your proposal effectively is limited only by the tx fees, which go to miners not actively blocking your preferred upgrsde
@_date: 2017-04-27 07:16:08


The GPL was the coolest ever hack written by [rms]( and it wasn't even a computer program.  It used copyright law to force you to keep it open indefinitely, by the terms of the copyright, which is protected by law.
@_date: 2017-04-29 08:10:30
Accessing those addresses, with a MAC address of `04e0e33cefee`, I get:
  postrate.asp : 23
  doauth.asp : 0
postrate.asp just returns those two bytes `23` in ASCII (byte 50, 51), while doauth.asp just returns the byte '0 in ASCII (byte 48).
If given a random MAC address, both API's return the message:
    04e0e33cefef address is not found!
Inside `/etc/init.d/bmminer.sh`, the `single-board-test` program is started in the background when bmminer is started.  ***Strangely, `bmminer.sh` starts up only `single-board-test`, not `bmminer`***
          killall -9 bmminer || true
      killall -9 single-board-test || true
      single-board-test&amp;
The file `/etc/rcS.d/S70bmminer.sh` is almost the same as `/etc/init.d/bmminer.sh`.  It seems, `bmminer` does not get launched by default on startup, unless I've misanalyzed the files.
Edit: `bmminer` is the program we know has been patched to remove Antbleed.  It does not appear to be run at all in the firmware filesystem that uploaded.  If I start getting non-lazy I might get the firmware directly from BitMain and mount and analyze directly but for now I trust what uploaded.
@_date: 2017-04-12 07:48:31
I gave a copy of my paper wallet to my wife, and I'll be writing instructions on what she is supposed to do in case of my death.  She is to show neither of those documents to anyone unless she wants our nest egg stolen.
@_date: 2017-04-15 01:07:16
Turing completeness requires looping and/or recursion. Total languages are safer than Turings.
@_date: 2017-04-29 13:50:54
Please include the global variable url strings and the code using it inside the `NEED_AUTH_SEARCHFREQ` protection, so that when disabled, they no longer exist in the output binary.
This lets us verify more easily that the phone-home is indeed not present in the executable.
If you don't, we will be forced to disassemble your executable each time to check, which is very troublesome.
Or better, open-source everything and provide us with replicable gitian builds.
Please remember, in Bitcoin, we don't trust.  We verify.
@_date: 2017-04-29 04:16:11
In response to the possible Antbleed 2: 
Also execute the below:
    echo "127.0.0.1 bindminers.bitmain.com" &gt;&gt; /etc/hosts
And confirm with `cat /etc/hosts`.
That's all I have time to do today, unfortunately RL, I have to do something.  I'll want to hack on the bitmain request in the Antbleed 2 link to check.
It might **not** affect your antminer - supposedly this is for older antminer's drivers - but better safe for now.
@_date: 2017-04-25 22:30:53
That is correct, yes
@_date: 2019-04-23 08:42:07
Why is diversity important at all?  Suppose everyone was just a clone of the same awesome dude or dudette.  If the dude/dudette was awesome enough, that would be a marked improvement in most day-to-day life.  We'd all be mooning on our lambos.
Until some black swan event that exploits some undiscovered weakness in the dudette's DNA is found by some random bacterium and eradicates all humans on Earth.  The End.
Diversity is important because different points-of-view, different backgrounds, different perceptions, etc. allow for different combinations of strengths and weaknesses, hopefully enough that the weakness of one is covered by the strength of the other.
Now evolution is a piece-of-shit designer (it took hundreds of millions of years for it to design a half-way decent sentient machine, WTF? And what's the deal with the appendix, evolution? Just remove it already!) but it's persistent and never gives up until it finds a way, and it's perfectly willing to completely delete bad code that can't adapt to new feature requests from the universe.  And evolution has mostly switched from asexual designs (i.e. every one of a species is a clone of some awesome dudette) to genetic-recombination designs (i.e. bacteria pick up and share genetic material even with bacteria not of the same species, sex in sexual species is literally ***fucking*** awesome and the most powerful speciies, humans, is actually a sexual-reproduction species).  Genetic recombination is primarily about artificially creating diversity by combining bits and pieces of genetic material together and trying to make them play nice in the same new organism.
So diversity is important --- evolution wouldn't go for it if it weren't --- because it lets weaknesses cover strengths.  Heck if you get a brother and a sister to have a child together the child is going to have a very high chance of being sickly and express genetic problems, precisely because of the lack of diversity in the gene pool used to form the child.  Diversity breeds resilience and represents the ability to pivot quickly according to changing needs.
@_date: 2017-04-10 13:49:20
BitMain is a manufacturer of Bitcoin mining hardware. They (1) sell such equipment and (2) use that equipment themselves for Bitcoin mining. The CEO of BitMain is Jihan Wu.
SegWit or Segregated Witness is a patch which prevents transaction malleability, adjusts the costing of some bytes in a block, makes signing operations faster. The end result is an effective increase in the transactions in a block as well as improvements in the speed of verifying blocks. Among other things, it requires another computation based on the order of transactions in the block, and placed in a separate section, i.e. the Segregated Witness in its name. As is usual for recent updates to the protocol, Core (the software dev team writing the primary Bitcoin client) decided to activate SegWit if 95% of a group of 2106 blocks signal support for it.
ASICBOOST is a patented technique for reducing the work needed to compute the hash of a block header, taking advantage of the fact that the block header is 80 bytes while the SHA256 algorithm works on 64 byte sections. This effectively splits the 80 byte header into a 64 byte section and a 16 byte section. Manipulating parts of the 16 byte header can allow sharing the computation of the 64 byte section among different candidate blocks. There are 2 variants: overt ASICBOOST which manipulates the version bits of the header (it's overt because the unused version bits are usually 0, so 1 bits in the version bits are obviously the use of ASICBOOST), and covert ASICBOOST which changes the transaction order in order to change the Merkle tree root in the header. ASICBOOST causes a 20 to 30% in electricity consumption, which is actually better than an increase in hashrate for a miner.
For some reason, BitMain seems to be doing its best to block SegWit. It will never update its mining machines (the ones it controls directly, not including those it sold) to signal SegWit. Since it controls a large plurality of the global hashpower, it is unlikely that 95% of blocks will signal. It is also doing its best to convince miners and others that SegWit is against the principles of Bitcoin, in order to prevent SegWit from activating.
Recently Greg Maxwell, a member of Core, claimed to have reverse engineered (or was contacted by someone who claimed to have reverse engineered) the firmware of BitMain hardware, and that it is possible that ASICBOOST can be done, covertly or overtly, on BitMain hardware. Jihan Wu reacted by posting some tweets and deleting them (which suggests a panic reaction) and BitMain later admitted that ASICBOOST is indeed something built into the hardware, but not available in the public version of the controlling software. BitMain claims other manufacturers have ASICBOOST also, and that they never used covert ASICBOOST. Core is now writing and testing code to disable covert ASICBOOST without disabling overt. BitMain claims this disabling is a loss to the patent owners of ASICBOOST.
SegWit requires the segregated witness to be computed on the order of transactions, which also disables covert ASICBOOST (but continues to allow overt).
This suggests that BitMain is deliberately blocking SegWit because they really are using covert ASICBOOST.
@_date: 2019-04-15 10:04:19
In my experience, the left-right divide is a USA phenomenon and makes no sense outside of the USA.
@_date: 2019-04-17 13:31:36


"***should***" here should be emphasized; it's possible for a user to ask to receive via the same address after already spending from that address.
@_date: 2017-04-02 00:24:31
Set EB=1 and AD=9999999999
I believe this will hardfork BU internally, with some miner "forever" deciding that some other chain is invalid because the miner is unwilling to admit to consensus.
@_date: 2017-04-07 10:32:05
Your math is wrong.
Let's say that a miner without ASICBOOST earns 150 Yuans worth of bitcoins for every 100 Yuans of electricity spent.  That's a 50% ROI, not bad.
Let's say ASICBOOST does not achieve 30%, only 20% power reduction.  But now you get 150 Yuans worth of btc for every 80 Yuans.  Your ROI is now 87.5%.  You've boosted your ROI from 50% by 1.75 times.
You will only put transactions through if the total fees are 75% of the subsidy.  That's pretty far from the number you quoted.
Now this is modified by the fact that not all miners run covert ASICBOOST.  It suggests however that the "fees on a block average around 12-15% of the subsidy" is proportional to how many ASICBOOST miners there are.  This implies 16-&gt;20% of the total global hashpower are doing ASICBOOST (based on my admittedly made up ROI numbers).
Note that ROI without covert ASICBOOST needs to be understood well.  My assumption is that the ROI is not that big, because (supposedly) the high competition in the mining space reduces the ROI.  Lower ROI magnifies the effects of covert ASICBOOST: if ROI is 1%, a 20% ASICBOOST increases the ROI to 21%, 2100% increase (and implying that the incentive to mine empty blocks in an ASICBOOST system will hold until transaction fees are twenty times the subsidy).


Every empty block mined while there are unconfirmed transactions on the network is against the interest of transactors on the network.  I will accept that empty blocks secure the network.  I will then point out that a full block secures the network just as well as an empty block does, and, in addition, advances the interests of transactors.  Every empty block mined in the presence of unconfirmed transactions is thus a point of conflict between miners and transactors: their interests are not aligned.
@_date: 2019-04-12 08:32:19


This is not very useful actually --- miners are incentivized to use RBF rules even if the transaction is not marked as RBF.
Confirmations are what you can rely on; don't consider the payment done unless you have it confirmed deeply enough (6 confirms is typical) or you are absolutely sure it is impossible to replace the transaction (e.g. by using a protocol like Lightning that requires that you accept all changes in any unconfirmed transactions).
@_date: 2019-04-11 05:41:22
A far safer model would be a small appliance in your home (a specially configured RPi-alike) that *is* a fullnode, and a phone that connects to that fullnode via secure channels.
Miners can co-opt the economic power of SPV-secured coins even if they sell every coin they mine for filthy fiat.
@_date: 2019-04-17 07:09:59
They are P2PK (pay to public key), meaning that they show directly, onchain, the public key.
Now, there is an algorithm, Shor's algorithm, which can compute the private key from any elliptic-curve public key.  Shor's algorithm is only executable on a quantum computer.
Current addresses are P2PKH, P2SH, P2WPKH, and P2WSH.  The "H" here is "hash", meaning P2PKH is pay to public key hash, P2SH is pay to script hash, P2WPKH is pay to witnessed public key hash, P2WSH is pay to witnessed script hash.
So a P2PKH shows directly, onchain, the hash of the public key.  And hashes are not vulnerable to Shor's algorithm: given a hash output, it's *still* impossible to compute the input even with a quantum computer
Thus, if you never spend from a P2PKH (or any of the -H address variants), nobody knows the public key and nobody can use Shor's algorithm to compute the private key.
Now, take note: I say if you never *spent* from a P2PKH address.  If you spend from it, you have to publish the public key onchain so that fullnodes can check that hashing it results in the indicated public key hash.  So if you spend from a P2PKH, Shor's algorithm can reverse the public key to get the private key.
So P2PKH etc. are only *slightly* better than the old P2PK.  P2PK can have the private key reversed as soon as anyone sends to it.  P2PKH can have the private key reversed as soon as any spend from that address is done.  The attack on P2PKH has a smaller time horizon (from the time the spend is broadcast to the time the spend is confirmed) than the attack on P2PK.  But note that once you spend from a P2PKH you must never let anyone send to it, as those can now be stolen by quantum attackers.
Now, not all signature schemes are based on elliptic curve public keys hiding scalar private keys.  Such signature schemes are called quantum-resistant.  Unfortunately, such signature schemes are very large compared to elliptic-curve signatures, often 10x or more larger (so yes, we'll get a block size increase eventually... which will be eaten up by switching to quantum-resistant signature schemes, so transaction rate still won't be increased).  Work is ongoing to make such signature schemes smaller without sacrificing too much security against normal, non-quantum attackers.
Another point is that Shor's algorithm requires really really large number of qubits, i.e. large practical quantum computers.  The expectation is that we'll have to switch some time in the mid-2020s, if ever quantum computers of that size become practical.  Further, one of the  quantum-resistant schemes, lattice-based signatures, has variants with properties similar to Schnorr signatures, meaning we might be able to retain things like Taproot, aggregation, and Scriptless SCRIPT even into a lattice-based signature scheme.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:10:54
Yes, Blockstream Store uses it.
@_date: 2019-04-12 03:15:37
A very large network with several billion channels.  Nobody can fit the entire LN routemap in their storage, so we use some variation on remote information retrieval to request to route to some other node we suspect is nearer to the destination.  If *that* node doesn't know either, it passes it on to some other node it suspects is nearer to the destination, and so on, until it reaches the destination or the route gets too long for the fees dedicated to the payment.  And still remaining decentralized, because nobody will admit how much of the entire network they know (because if people start doing that, the nodes which know most of the network become juicy targets for attack; the incentive is thus to keep quiet about how much you know, but routing honestly because you earn fees from that).
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:28:50
Eltoo is dependent on `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`, but is not in fact dependent on Schnorr or MuSig or anything that is Schnorr-dependent --- it will work well enough with ECDSA.  `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` is independent of Schnorr, although it is likely that support for `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` will be in the same SegWit version (v1) that enables Schnorr in the first place, since there are only 16 SegWit versions and v0 is already what's on the network (though it's possible to extend the range on SegWit v15 by using an entire byte for post-15 version).
@_date: 2017-04-12 07:39:27
What I'm saying might be leaked is a patent ***violation***.  E.g., omeone videoed Jihan saying to his engineers "No, go ahead, implement ASICBOOST, nobody will see it anyway because we'll use it covertly" (or leaked a memo, or an e-mail, or whatever...) that can be grounds for a patent violation lawsuit.
Ownership of a patent in China might not be sufficient protection for Jihan if the US holder of the patent claims that his patent is prior art.
Covert use means that the US holder of the patent might not notice the violation until it's "too late", i.e. after Jihan has suddenly disappeared with millions of yuan into the Carribean or something, regardless of Jihan's own patent.
Think in terms of multiple layers of protection.  You have a patent in China.  This delays proceedings because the US holder needs to contest your China patent.  Then the US holder needs to have his patent move from pending to granted.  And you also invest in his company, so that you have at least some say in what happens to him if he tries to sue you (or contest your patent).  And you also mine covertly, so that nobody notices what you're doing and Lerner ignores the potentially millions of damages he might claim from you.
@_date: 2017-04-09 11:00:19
I use cash deposit on localbitcoins, and buy/sell in chunks of no more than $1k. Less scary than face to face.
Localbitcoins tracks reputation, so a reputable trader with a few thousand completed trades is unlikely to be a mugger ;)
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:28:44
If the backdoor is known, yes, it no good for theft-prevention or hostile bitcoin takeover.
If the backdoor was not noticed and made a big issue?  Then it would be possible to prevent theft: the thief would still need to learn the code and possibly figure out how to work around it.  It would be possible to kill, or at least seriously harm, bitcoin, because it would take time to figure out what was happening (and with the bitcoin politics being what it is, part of the time would be accusations flying around of non-Bitmain hacking).
It no longer works now because it was seen, but if it was still unseen?  It would work well enough.
@_date: 2017-04-07 10:53:34
wtf?  Nobody analyzes machine code without a disassembler or a decompiler.  Those are tools that already exist; a disassembler is literally trivial to implement (gdb comes with one standard), and once an uncommented assembly is available, analysis and reverse engineering can proceed.
Even if you don't have a decompiler (they're harder to find, but are available in some darknets), all you need to do is fire up a compiler, make up some possible code that you think the machine code is doing, compile and compare the output assembly with the disassembled text.  Heck if you paid attention during compiler class you won't even need that - you'd recognize compiler patterns and figure out the original source from just the assembly.
I used to disassemble and reverse engineer MSDOS tools back when I was a teenager, just for fun.  Sheesh.
@_date: 2019-04-30 23:08:34
While MimbleWimble has no SCRIPT, andytoshi's Scriptless Script still works in it.  All that a MimbleWimble blockchain needs to implement for practical atomic swaps is some kind of `nLockTime` implementation, which can be done by having the proof-of-knowledge-of-blinding-key be a signature of the `nLockTime` at which the signature becomes valid, instead of an empty "kernel" string.  Though the signatures now become unpruneable.
Multsiginature is possible using secret sharing.  Multisignature senders generate the shared secret in order to reveal the coin value they are sending to the destination, and multisignature receivers only have to generate a signature (that gets summed with the sender signature) to re-hide their money.
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:37:38


The UASF *at that time* was not supported amongst developers of Bitcoin Core, because developers were arguing that additional changes in code were a risk.
However, do note that:
1.  Bitcoin Core developers were willing to create a *later* BIP8-compliant SegWit deployment (BIP149).  They just weren't willing to push for an earlier deployment that BIP148 was pushing for.
2.  Bitcoin Core developers will no longer use BIP9 (i.e. the one that delayed SegWit v0).  They will instead use BIP8, which is a flagday (i.e. a UASF) that can be miner-activated earlier (but which will definitely be activated if most users update, kicking out miners who don't activate by then).  The next update, SegWit v1 ("eltoonicorn", i.e. the one that will include Schnorr and `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` and other delights), is expected to be activated with BIP8, i.e. UASF.
So you cannot really say that UASF, as UASF itself, is *not* supported by Core developers.  What Core developers did *not* support was *early* SegWit v0 UASF.  They were quite fine with *late* SegWit v0 UASF, and are quite fine with using UASF for future SegWit versions.
@_date: 2017-04-22 22:48:56
1.  A fork is not the same as a chain split.  A chain split is usually caused by a fork, but may also be caused by unresolved bugs even in the case of a non-fork.
2.  Non-segwit miners in a segwit world will still work without chain splitting (modulo bugs).  Non-segwit miners can still mine on top of segwit blocks, they just won't be able to build segwit blocks themselves.
@_date: 2019-04-12 03:20:24
Nowhere.  The whitepaper was a starting point, one that modern Bitcoin has left in its long past.
@_date: 2019-04-12 06:59:52
No, it's "thy" here.  You can say "For thine is not the coin, if thine is not the keys" or you can say "not thy keys, not thy coins".
@_date: 2019-04-05 07:15:00
Schnorr.  Schnorr allows multiparty signing with only a single signature visible onchain, which is useful to replace multisignature uses.  Further, some formulations allow multiple signatures to be combined into a single signature, which is key aggregation and is useful when spending multiple inputs (a single signature is needed for all inputs instead of one signature per input).  Finally, HTLCs can be replaced with PTLCs (pointlocked timelocked contracts) by using certain mathematical properties of Schnorr signatures, which in combination with the "publish only one signature by combining multiple signatures" property can make PTLC spends smaller than HTLC spends.
Taproot.  Certain protocols (e.g. CoinSwap, and any onchain HTLC-based swap) require the use of a particular script in order to enforce a rule.  However, it is best if the use of that script is not revealed by default.  What is done is to create a sequence of two transactions: the first transaction is not signed (yet) and pays to a n-of-n, then the second transaction spends that 2-of-2 and contains the script to enforce the rule.  Then the first transaction is signed, the second transaction is kept offchain unless absolutely needed to enforce the rule.  Then the protocol is completed.  Since the second transaction exists to enforce the rule, every participant can agree to what the rule enforcement ends up doing, and instead of publishing the second transaction and then a third transaction that distributes the money appropriately, they can all agree and sign a new second transaction that pays directly (and importantly does not reveal that the protocol is used).  With taproot, the second transaction is combined as a commitment on the first transaction in such a way that a script can be imposed by revealing it without having a separate transaction hold the script, reducing the cost of non-cooperation from three transactions to two.
MAST.  Some scripts to enforce protocol rules can be very complicated, with multiple branches in various conditions.  Currently the entire script needs to be published, including branches you ended up not taking.  MAST allows you to publish only those branches you actually take.
@_date: 2019-04-29 10:19:18
Yes.  That's why channel factory operations work on entire channels, while payments work within channels.  Channel factory operations require everyone to coordinate, while payments within a channel require only the channel signatories (i.e. 2 entities) to sign.
The intent is that changing around your channels is going to be much much rarer than sending/receiving/forwarding within existing channels.  So you coordinate with large groups of people to change your channels around, but you coordinate only with one other person to change state within a channel.
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:14:26


No you don't.  Assuming most mining capacity isn't for sale (because honestly grinders are actually a lot more decentralized than pools, so identifying and contacting them *all* is going to cost much more than actually buying them out), you need to *add* at least equal hashrate to the *current* total hashrate in order to get 51% of the *future* total hashrate.
In short, the logistics will be harder than "just the cost of buying ~51% of current mining capacity", because if you can't locate each grinder and offer them, and even if you subvert pools, once a single whistleblower blows on you, every honest grinder can switch to other pools.
Many grinders also keep some of their earned BTC for HODLing, so are not going to rent out their hasrate to potential attackers unless the potential attacker offers more than their current BTC savings.  So the cheapest way to get 51% is to *add* more hashpower independently, which means yes, you need to buy *all* mining capacity.
In numbers: suppose there exist 100Th/s in the mining biz.  You buy 51% of that as *new* hashrate, 51Th/s, because the current grinders won't sell their hashrate to you except at a very high premium (because most of them will have HEDL their BTC earnings, and that's what they are seeking to protect in addition to earning mining fees).  The total hashrate afterwards is now 151Th/s, of which you own 51Th/s, which is not more than half of the total available hashrate and can't do a 51% attack.  You need to buy 101Th/s, i.e. *all* the mining capacity, plus one.
@_date: 2019-04-11 05:38:10


Food, drink, a place to stay, and a nice human to fuck.
@_date: 2019-04-17 02:59:00
Don't know why Craig Wright wants to be a fraud, but in case you were asking why we think he's a fraud:
@_date: 2019-04-05 03:06:30
It's an offchain-to-onchain and onchain-to-offchain swap.
This is needed to "reverse the direction" of channels that a merchant makes.
Suppose I wanna be a merchant!
I make a 10mBTC channel to anybody on the network.  Then I use the Boltz offchain-to-onchain service to get back (most of) my 10mBTC as an onchain UTXO.  I now have a 10mBTC (actually about 9.9mBTC due to channel reserves) incoming capacity on the channel I make.  I can keep repeating this until I am satisfied with my incoming capacity, or my money has been whittled down to nothing from the fees involved (but that would mean a *lot* of incoming capacity), or Boltz runs out of onchain money.
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:16:17
How do you compete against China's (currently) cheap energy and labor?
@_date: 2017-04-29 08:36:22
Thanks.  Can you confirm my finding that `bmminer` - the program that was patched to remove the backdoor - is not actually run?
Now downloading the old firmware you linked, I'll need to check startup in `/etc/init.d/`.  It looks so far that:
1.  Yes, BitMain patched `bmminer` to remove the backdoor.
2.  ...And added a backdoor in `single-board-test`.
3.  .. And the latest patch doesn't run `bmminer` actually (?).
Therefore: most likely the backdoor was moved to closed-source code, `bmminer` was retained to fool people into thinking there are no more backdoors, and the misleadingly-named `single-board-test` is the actual program running the mining.
@_date: 2017-04-11 23:09:15
If you don't transact from August 1 to November 15 2017, nothing. Just keep hodling.
Value in fiat may vary due to lotsa factors, including SegWit, BU, UASF, but other factors may also join the stew.
UASF is an attempt to enforce SegWit adoption. SegWit is a patch to add many security and scaling improvements. BitMain, a Bitcoin miner manufacturer, seems to be doing its best to block activation of SegWit, hence the UASF effort.
@_date: 2017-04-11 08:18:50
Short answer: Covert ASICBOOST is incompatible since it reorders transactions, and the Segregated Witness in SegWit's name is dependent on the transaction ordering; basically you lose the beneift of ASICBOOST since you need to recompute the SegWit if you change transaction ordering.  Overt ASICBOOST is different and does not affect transaction ordering, so is implicitly compatible with SegWit.
ASICBOOST is patented, but use of covert ASICBOOST is difficult to prove (hence "covert").  Use of overt ASICBOOST is liable to get sued by the patent owner.  Disabling covert ASICBOOST while allowing overt ASICBOOST allows the ASICBOOST patent owner to more easily enforce his patent.
More: 
@_date: 2019-04-17 02:55:38
moonstop moonsaying moonmoon moon-all moonthe moontime.
@_date: 2019-04-02 06:59:23


Yeah, right ;)
I understand it happens, it's why eltoo will eventually be deployed (once we get the `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` proposal into a state more palatable to Bitcoin Core), but the big Bitcoin Robot in the Internetz is dumb and can't know that.  They could ask whoever they channeled with (if they can locate the human running the software for it) to get back what should have been theirs, but automated systems cannot do anything smarter without us solving artificial generalized intelligence first (and one wonders if we can align an AGI's goals to our own, or even to a goal of "incorruptible pure morality").
@_date: 2017-04-27 22:07:58
How technical are you?  Do you know how to ssh into the miner?  Do you know what ssh means?  Are you capable of editing /etc/hosts over terminal?
I can try to help you but note that I don't have an Antminer (can't even afford one) so we'd both be groping in the dark a bit.
What OS do you use on the computer that is connected to the Antminer?
@_date: 2019-04-08 04:56:19
The main issue is that fiat money like dollars is strongly controlled by the governments that control their supply.  Anything that transfers fiat money is going to have a lot of friction: registration fees, regulation-following, etc.  Existing banks and payment processors handle this by having a large captive market and subsidizing those costs over their customers (merchants).  But this creates a large hurdle to entry, leading to centralized solutions that require serious help when economic problems occur (i.e. bailouts).
Bitcoin seeks to avoid such frictions completely, thus each user is its own bank.  But that prevents the subsidization of the costs of interacting with fiat: instead every user that wants to interact with fiat and Bitcoin is forced to pay the costs of friction between both worlds.
@_date: 2017-04-07 04:07:18
As a non American living in a fucking third world country, I can assure you that USA's institutional theft is a lot more benign than my country's.
@_date: 2017-04-29 10:38:12
For what it's worth, it's the miner's MAC address, not the computer you use to manage the miner.  The miner's MAC can be used to identify the miner's exact unit and can serve as a unit identifier.
That said, MAC addresses can be spoofed, and it's using http (again DNS spoofing of the server).
Note also that http implicitly sends the IP address, so it also means that the MAC address/miner unit can be associated with your IP address.
And also,  why the flying fuck would you put phone-home code, even if it's disabled?  Do you understand the implication?
@_date: 2017-04-07 04:37:33
One of the symptoms of covert ASICBOOST is an increase in mined empty blocks. An empty block, being 30% cheaper, is more economical to mine than a full block **even with unconfirmed transactions known by the miner**, unless transaction fees are high enough to offset the price difference between empty and full blocks.
Get it?
The recent high tx fees were not caused by small block sizes. They were caused by covert ASICBOOST. That is the true attack on the network.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:08:39
Although Starbucks cafes have CaffeineBoost, Starbucks has never used CaffeineBoost for the good of the customers.  Please do not disable covert CaffeineBoost, since it will hurt the owners of the CaffeineBoost patent.
@_date: 2017-04-24 21:27:37
If your private key is hacked, any seller's pending trades would be vulnerable, am I right?  However offers are not yet vulnerable?
(this is still strictly better than most exchanges, where if their private key is hacked, any bitcoins on the exchange website would be vulnerable)
@_date: 2017-04-27 23:00:53
Unless I'm seriously mistaken, the BitmainTech repository is here: 
It completely removes phone-home.
This commit is not written by BitMainTech, by the way.  It was written by Thomas Kerin.
@_date: 2017-04-08 12:15:55
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:59:33
What most ancaps never manage to realize is that not all government structures are perfectly evil.  Throwing out government is throwing out the baby with the (admittedly sewage-like) bathwater.  A free market requires that people cannot be bought and sold on the market, a free market requires that all participants have perfect information of each other's motivations and capabilities, etc.  In the real world, we sell portions of people's lives for money via employment, and physical limitations on information spread are very easy to impose.  Hence government regulations mandating minimum wages and benefits (at least the portions of people's lives being bought and sold on the market are very dear) and regulations against insider trading.  A perfect free market cannot exist, but it can be approximated, and those approximations are enforced by rules.
Or as the saying goes: the free market only works until [people start bringing gallon containers to restaurants offering drink-all-you-can softdrinks]( (in my country, this is what a lot of people really, really did when Carl's Jr. first came here; the end result is that drink-all-you-can is no longer available in any restaurant (including those that used to provide drink-all-you-can in their source countries) in my country).
There's a certain amount of basic "good manners" we expect from human beings, and we (currently) use government regulations to protect against those.
Without government regulations - well, I don't know.  We attempt to employ game theory to make selfish actors act in community-serving ways, but there are always loopholes.
Or perhaps: business as usual.  The reason why government has become corrupt is not because government has some inherent corruptibility.  Many of the corruptions of the current system came around from loopholes, and when some loopholes were patched, the resulting more complicated system had even more loopholes.  The reason why government is corrupt is because human beings have the inherent corruptibility.  So perhaps, in time, bitcoin will become this corrupt system where whales buy and sell people's lives.  Perhaps, like the founding fathers of the United States, we should forever instead remind our successors that the system will inevitably be corrupted, and that when that day comes, the public must exercise its final right: revolution.
@_date: 2019-04-23 09:10:14
Then that's not what's being considered here.
What's being considered here is stuff like this:
The free market is a race.
Now, ideally, a race is about "who is the fastest", i.e. who can give the most benefit at the least cost.
However, the way a race judges the winner is "who reaches the end of the racetrack first".
If you suck at running, you can instead bring a gun and shoot anyone who's actually faster than you.  i.e. you do things like not care if you are dumping noxious chemicals in the air or water, because it increases your cost to clean up what you dump instead of just dumping it, and you buy slaves in some backwards country to work in sweatshops because their labor is just the cost of feeding them cheap food.
Eventually, others will do things like buy armor, and probably also arm themselves.  But it ends up the everybody is weighed down by all the armor and heavy equipment, so that you end up with everybody running very slow. i.e. now you have the issue that the world is far less efficient than an ideal free market would make it, because there are slight incentive differences between "delivers the most benefit for the least cost" ideal vs the actual measure in a free market "gets the most net income".  This is similar to wanting a race to discover "who is the fastest runner", but the way the race *actually* judges is "who reaches the finish line first".
So now we add irksome little rules like "in a race, nobody should be carrying a gun or they will be disqualified" i.e. no buying slaves to work sweatshops.
And in real life, there are a lot of things you can do that would violate the spirit of the race, .e.g. nobody said I couldn't bring grenades, or hire a bunch of strippers to distract the other runners.  So you have referees, who are the ones who end up judging what should happen when something is done which does not violate the letter of the law but looks like it would hurt society as a whole.
That is law.  That is government.  That is being concerned about society as a whole rather than just individuals, i.e. that is socialism.
Yes, a free market works pretty good most of the time.  But there are edge cases where free markets fail.  There are edge cases where government control also fails.  The hope is that some combination of both will work in a way that the strength of one covers the weakness of the other, and that may be a better tradeoff than an extreme position.
@_date: 2017-04-17 04:45:19
I'm using "Loss of Stake" as an umbrella term for attempts by the economic majority to effectively bribe or incentivize miners.  Thus your proposed EMASF is a form of Loss of Stake, since you will be paying miners to include your signalling txs via the tx fee.  Miners opposing some improvement will, I think, be quite quick to patch their code to filter out such txs.  Especially while the subsidies are nonzero, miners can mine empty blocks and still earn.


Sorry to be a wet blanket, but sometimes it's best to be really pessimistic when considering these things.
I mean, BitMain doesn't even control 40% of global hashrate, but it's doing its best to leverage what influence it does have.  If your proposal is implemented, I suspect BitMain will quickly filter out signalling transactions, and fill their mined blocks with their own transactions of money moving between their controlled addresses (and since the tx fees are paid to whoever mined the block, and they are the ones who mined the block, the tx fees go to themselves anyway: they can signal much more cheaply this way, losing only an opportunity cost to put "real" tx fees from the economic majority).
@_date: 2017-04-17 06:24:16


The problem is how to detect it?  A miner may trivially sybil a few hundred addresses, transfer their wealth via an anonymizing tumbler, then set up an agent to generate txs that transfer money back and forth across those addresses.  Other miners might not be able to justify orphaning those blocks: there's no direct connection from the hostile miner to those addresses shifting money amongst themselves, and the hostile miner can claim that the transactions are legit business transactions.
So yes, in the end, it comes down to how much you are willing to waste on tx fees, making it become a Loss of Stake.


Well, that's my major objection.  I think this assumption is too optimistic.  We assumed that miner incentives would align with transactor incentives, since a miner would prefer to mine a full block with transactor's tx fees, even if each tx fee was just 1 satoshi.  But with covert ASICBOOST, miners are incentivized to produce less than full blocks, and to block improvements... sigh.  I think it's better to assume the worst possible thing we can imagine, and consider that the "best case", because the thing that actually happens will be even worse.
@_date: 2017-04-11 23:11:02
Paper wallet.
@_date: 2017-04-08 02:26:52
Coffee drinks are a legitimate optimization! They're not an attack on bitcoin! Also, we have coffee machines in our office, but we haven't used them for the good of bitcoin. Please don't ban coffee drinks!
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:03:07
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:15:00
Why settle for doubling every year?  Should plan to quadruple every month.
@_date: 2017-04-10 07:46:40
Okay, I guess we'll just have to bet with our coins about whose reality is truly real, then.  Good luck!
@_date: 2017-04-11 22:50:28
(cough) BitMain holds ASICBOOST patent (pending) in China.
@_date: 2017-04-19 07:08:31
A few of them are core devs now I think.
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:07:33
This is why we should have a 300kB block size!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2019-04-15 04:14:49
It's possible to do it with Lightning currently, yes.  The issue is if it's easy to make an app on Lightning now, and the responsie is mostly: probably not unless your users are willing to host a fullnode on their device and keep their device connected 100% of the time.
If the users are willing to trust you, you'll have to provide custodial service and impose a fixed fee on each withdrawal (make it a fixed fee because people suck when fees change all the time; you skim the fees when they withdraw, or when they deposit if you're primarily an exchange).
@_date: 2019-04-03 10:41:10


Because even if I catch up, the difference between downloading 144-&gt;288Mb per day (worst case 8.64Gb a month) vs 288Mb-&gt;576Mb per day from a ***mere doubling*** of block size (worst case 17.28Gb a month) is the difference between me losing less than half my 20Gb monthly cap, and losing almost all of it.
That's with `blocksonly`, BTW, meaning I lose privacy, but I'm constrained to use SPV anyway so my privacy is shit so "not a problem" anyway.


***This is even worse***, because I can't veto it by saying "no, you can't increase the block size unless you compensate me so I can get better Internet here."
Who gets paid the most from larger block size?  Miners only, because they get to extract more fees now.  Who suffers from larger block sizes? People like me, who can't get good Internet and therefore would absolutely *suck* at mining because *my Internet is no good* (and electricity prices here are high too, and it's a tropical country so my cost increases because I have to keep the mining device cool, etc.).  Saying "hell no" to this proposal is obvious from me.
Dynamic block size is like air pollution: easy to hide, hard to monitor, kills everybody, but especially those of us here in the fuckshit third world.
Start living here and maybe you'll start to understand just how wrong-headed block size increase proposals are.
@_date: 2019-04-24 09:39:55
How much do you have in your channels?  Each channel has a "reserve" that cannot be used to send (it's a stake you lose if you attempt to cheat; the protocol requires this and your software has to somehow inform it to you gently).  Also, you need to have the full amount to pay in a single channel (this will eventually fixed one the devs have gotten around to implementing multipart payments).
@_date: 2017-04-17 08:55:50
Agent is a computer program with a Bitcoin account, providing some service and using the bitcoin account in some way for that service.  The agent I'm talking about here just has a few hundred Bitcoin addresses it moves money around between, slowly "leaking" money to the miner(s) via the tx fees.  Basically, a program that automates the transferring around of money between accounts.  It might even make up new addresses every now and then and "retire" old ones, to make it even more difficult to notice.
(agent is a generic term for a program handling Bitcoin addresses and doing something with them addresses, usually some service that someone is willing to pay them for)
Re: anonymizing tumbler, it can be used to hide who "really" owns the coins.  Of course specific miners have specific addresses their block subsidy and tx fees are paid out to, and we all know which address is owned by which miner.  So the miners use a tumbler to send the money to addresses that the miner owns, but is not traceable to the miner.  Anyone using the same tumbler might be the "real" owner of those newly-minted addresses.  Someone reviewing blocks may point that money is getting traded back and forth among a few hundred addresses but the miner has deniability: it could have been anyone using the same anonymizing tumbler service.  So the hostile miners will then say "Hey why u orphan my block with perfectly legit economic activity??  u censoring?  PSA: CORE SUPPORTERS ARE CENSORING LEGIT ECONOMIC ACTIVITY LET'S DO BITCOIN EXTRA SUPER-DUPER BIG BLOCKS HARD FORK NOW ECANAMIC MAJONG ACTIVATED SHIF FORK IS A LIE SHEEPLE!!".
EDIT: come to think of it, the agent itself might even use a tumbler service periodically to make it even harder to notice its existence, and with a few hundred accounts, well, it would be very hard to prove the existence of a tx spamming agent.  An agent might even use some of its money to rent processor time on a cloud server, so even if an agent is discovered it can be difficult to find out just who, really, actually caused the agent to come into existence.
Presumably, if you're not signalling support for some upgrade, you're signalling opposition (us vs them, hahahaha).
@_date: 2017-04-26 07:34:44
&lt;insert standard anti-bank bitcoiner position here&gt;
Edit: relevant: 
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:46:35
Enabled all the time: 
Another successful kill: 
@_date: 2017-04-29 07:48:42
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:43:39
Check out a country called the fucking Republic of the fucking Philippines.  Fucking is not part of its official name, don't know why.  In particular, try looking at how fucking much network bandwidth costs there.  Sorry for the vituperatives.
@_date: 2017-04-11 22:38:09
Re low end GPU, an electronic die sort step during manufacturing sorts chips that have all their parts ok vs those that have damage in one of the subcircuits. Non top of the line chips are there just to recoup losses: damaged chips have the damaged curcuits disabled, and sold as low cost options.
(I used to work for IC design)
BitMain might very well be selling chips whose ASICBOOST enabling circuits are damaged, and keeping the good stuff for themselves.
@_date: 2019-12-11 01:47:55
Nobody ***still*** talks about [JIT Routing]( even though it's far better than AMP.
@_date: 2017-11-06 04:56:00
It does not provide ordering of transactions in the block.  Transaction ordering is important for CPFP (child pays for parent) where a transaction spends an earlier transaction within the same block, and pays the fees for both the parent transaction and itself.
Further, Merkle Trees require ordering: each node has a left and right tree.  Heck, Bitcoin duplicates TXID's in order to create balanced Merkle Trees, so ordering of transactions is needed.
With ordering information you probably can't get anywhere near the 1/10 of Compact blocks they claim.  Heck, with ordering they probably will end up being Compact Blocks.
Edit: Graphene without ordering might be useful to quickly modify your mempool if you're a mining pool and reduce empty-block SPY mining, but it won't be verifiable; a hostile competitor pool can provide you with invalid Graphene sets, and since you can't generate the Merkle Tree at all without transaction ordering, you won't be able to verify the validity of the Graphene set until you used the Compact Blocks protocol, wasting your precious hashpower.
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:40:48
Trezor's schematics and bill of materials are available on their site: 
No PCB design though so you need to build that yourself.  I remember seeing a video before of some guy building a DIY Trezor from schematics and bill of materials (he had to do his own PCB design I think), and it worked.
@_date: 2019-04-12 07:28:06
Well, current coinjoins tend to be pretty easy to detect as privacy transactions, simply because, to prevent "value Sudoku", coinjoin outputs have to be multiples of a fixed amount.  If you see a large transaction with lots of outputs with the same fixed amount, it's likely a Wasabi Chaumian CoinJoin transaction.  Now it's hard to know whose input went to which output (because the "value Sudoku" operation is now impossible with fixed amounts), but you *do* know it's a Wasabi Chaumian CoinJoin.  Wasabi is doing work on mitigating this without returning the "value Sudoku" problem.
Pay-to-endpoint schemes, which mix a payee's existing coin with the payer's, are a lot harder to find after-the-fact, and looks like existing transactions that do not mix the payee coin.  Some naive usage of this might reveal who is getting paid, but proper heuristics should reduce this.
Finally, CoinSwap basically swaps histories with somebody else.  There is no single transaction that ties you to whoever you mixed with.  It's possible to guess that a CoinSwap happened if two coins with similar amounts are spent at roughly the same block height, but CoinSwap can support splitting, where one side gives two UTXOs in exchange for a single UTXO (with the same value), which really masks this usage.  However, of the techniques I know of, CoinSwap takes up the most blockchain space: every coin getting swapped requires two transactions each, so if you're swapping two UTXOs for one UTXO, you need to post a total of 6 transactions (two transactions for each UTXO getting swapped).  Further, in the absence of Schnorr and Scriptless Script, in case of a protocol abort, it's revealed that you were trying to CoinSwap, which could taint your coin (some form of Scriptless Script might help against this but I don't know enough of the math to be sure).
I suspect that a widespread enough use of P2EP and CoinSwap would make it so that the occasional CoinJoin would stick out, but since the CoinJoin history would then be subject to both P2EP and CoinSwap, it becomes more and more meaningless to figure out the history of the coin and we would have sufficient privacy in practice.
Finally, Lightning avoids all this by not even using the blockchain, so that buys us more privacy too.
@_date: 2017-04-24 04:47:21
What do you mean here by "independent"?  Those inside the proposed nonprofit foundations or those outside it?
If you mean those inside the proposed nonprofit foundations, yes, the aggregate total of all those foundations should have &gt;51% hashpower.
If you are unwilling to pay the price of decentralization, that means you're willing to pay the cost of centralization instead.  This implies that the price of decentralization is higher than the cost of centralization, otherwise the community as a whole would rather kick out the centralizers and would have done so as fast as their money could move.
@_date: 2017-04-26 23:11:04
It is: 
There is no way to turn it off.
Fortunately it is so badly done that if you hack your DNS yourself by modifying `/etc/hosts`, you can prevent it from working correctly.
@_date: 2017-04-20 16:57:43
You're gonna forget which digits you replaced.  Don't do this.
Do a bitcoin paper wallet and keep it in a safety deposit box.  Keep the box locked and safe from water and fire.  Then come back in a few years.
@_date: 2017-04-12 03:13:41
Strictly, pending patent
BitMain doesn't hold the patent in US.  My understanding is that Lerner holds the patent pending in the US, and is earlier (?) than the China patent.  The patent application in the US might be pointed at as prior art, if China's laws were decent.
@_date: 2019-04-26 04:23:30


So your hope for scaling blockchains (which you *know* can't scale) is... to make *more* blockchains?
Sidechains are not a scaling solution in much the same way that bigger blocks are not a scaling solution.
Offchain technologies are the way to scale.
@_date: 2019-04-05 07:16:31
`SIGHASH_NOINPUT` is BIP-118, though I think the current proposal on the list is different from BIP-118.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:37:49




You're right.  It's even worse.  If ROI without ASICBOOST is 1%, they're getting 101 yuan of bitcoin for 100 yuan of electricity.  With a 20% ASICBOOST, they're getting 101 yuan of bitcoin for 80 yuan of electricity, and 101/80 = 1.2626, or a 26.25% ROI.  The ROI was multiplied by 2625%, not 2100%.
Re: S9, my understanding is that this is spanking new technology relative to S7, so yes, very likely.  I'd argue that in the short term however S9's development costs may not have been recouped yet, so at least in the short term, the ROI on S9 equipment, for BitMain, may still be negative (which means that ASICBOOST may convert that negative ROI to a positive ROI, which is an even bigger win than boosting a positive ROI).
@_date: 2017-04-21 11:26:56
How about a system where a tx's vote is weighted by the fee for that vote?
Still doesn't protect against a miner who makes up tx's voting for particular protocol changes, not broadcasting them to the network, just including them in mined blocks.  So we still end up with votes based on mining hashpower, which we don't want.
@_date: 2017-04-29 08:48:28
Okay, I was bit wrong... `/etc/init.d/bmminer.sh` doesn't launch `bmminer` directly, even in the old firmware.
Instead, `single-board-test` runs `bmminer`.  Most likely also in the latest firmware:
    almkglor strings single-board-test | fgrep bmminer
    /etc/bmminer.conf.factory
    rebootTestNum=%d, start bmminer.
    Start bmminer ...
    /usr/bin/bmminer --version-file /usr/bin/compile_time --api-listen --default-config /config/bmminer.conf
This is true for both old and new firmware.
It's not clear yet what triggers `single-board-test` to phone home.
@_date: 2017-04-22 23:01:32
Yes.  Briefly:
1.  Bitfinex (and OKCoin, I believe) noticed that Taiwan banks have much laxer KYC/AML laws, and in an effort to cater to ancaps in the Bitcoin universe, chose those as their banks.
2.  USA is now pressuring Taiwan banks to tighten their KYC/AML compliance.
3.  Taiwan banks have a moratorium (especially USD) for now.
4.  Bitfinex can't send fiat (especially USD) because of the Taiwan KYC/AML moratorium.  Presumably other currencies may be exchangable.
@_date: 2017-04-21 11:22:36
Users are not paying miners for hash rate.  They're paying miners for protection against double-spends.  Once there exists any commodity hardware that achieves some N% increase in hashrate, anyone trying to double-spend can get that commodity hardware with that hashrate, and miners need to increase their hashrate by that N% in order to provide the same level of protection as before.
Thus, fees should not actually be in the same proportion as hashrate, so any increase in fees in correlation with hashrate is a bad sign, not a positive one.
@_date: 2017-04-23 10:06:23
Well, it's Sunday morning.  I got through a 12sat/B fee transaction that was consolidating dust from a previous wallet.  I think if you don't need the transaction to happen immediately, you should just wait for low load on the weekend.
@_date: 2017-04-27 22:53:50
The patch entered into the bitmain repository came from afk11, Thomas Kerin: 
I don't know if Thomas Kerin would characterize himself as part of "Core", but apparently he has a few BIP's under his authorship: 
@_date: 2017-04-28 15:11:17
Okay, I did a bit of research.
After you have installed PuTTY, you should have PuTTY on your Windows Desktop (and/or maybe your start menu programs - sorry, I run Linux).  When you run, it'll ask for configuration.
Follow instructions starting from 5 here: 
For "Host Name", use the IP address of your Antminer - it's probably the same address you use to open up that menu in your browser.  I expect it'll be a number, like 192.168.1.42 or something.  Get the four numbers with dots separatiing them.  If the address you open on the browser has a ":" in it, don't include the ":" and the number after the ":".  For example if it's  the address is 192.168.1.42
Edit: Port number is 22 (standard for SSH) and protocol should be, well, SSH.
When PuTTY connects, you log in with username and password.  The official BitMain uname and pword seems to be here: 
You should then get a terminal with a prompt that ends with #
Now copy and paste the below command exactly:
    echo "127.0.0.1 auth.minerlink.com" &gt;&gt; /etc/hosts
It means, please print out (i.e `echo` what I type in) the text "127.0.01 auth.minerlink.com", into the end of `/etc/hosts` (i.e. `&gt;&gt; /etc/hosts`)
Confirm that the command "took".  The below command prints out `/etc/hosts`:
    cat /etc/hosts
`cat` means a cute animal.  Just kidding.  `cat` is short for "con***cat***enate".  The `cat` command concatenates several files and prints it out.  If given a single file it just prints out that single file.
After that you should be able to just close PuTTY and know that your miner will no longer be brickable by BitMain, barring yet another "bug".
Hope it helps!  The instructions above are a bit of groping, since I have no Antminer myself.
@_date: 2017-04-07 02:23:40
The covert version of ASICBOOST makes empty blocks much cheaper to mine, which breaks the assumption that empty and full blocks are equally costly. What happens is that even with known unconfirmed transactions, the miner would rather mine a cheaper empty block than a full block, unless transaction fees are high enough to offset the price discount on empty blocks. This has an obvious effect on transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-04-21 10:36:07
I often see them being derided as shitcoins, so I don't really want to invest what little I can set aside for them.
That said, Litecoin looks like a reasonable alternative if they can activate SegWit.
@_date: 2019-04-24 08:55:32
Yes, that can indeed be better! But a simple "rules and referees suck, so let's remove them completely" is strictly worse.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:22:09
You can start with a small amount (less than one coin, Bitcoin has up to 8 decimal places).  Buy $50 worth each month.  Or what you can afford to set aside.  Do this for a year, and keep it safe in a cold storage (after a few months this can be large enough to justify buying a $100 hardware wallet like Trezor).
@_date: 2019-04-13 13:02:10
If Satoshi had a name 
Would it be "Craig"
And would you call it to his face?
If you were faced with him
With all his Bitcoins
What would you ask
If you had just one question
@_date: 2019-04-08 04:36:01
People might route through you and you might earn some tiny amount of fees.
Published channels have plausible deniability that anything sent through it could have been forwarded from somebody else rather than you sending it.
Non-published channels ("private" channels) immediately imply that anything you send or receive over it are yours with very high probability.
@_date: 2019-04-15 09:28:43
Schnorr is relatively boring.  Maybe what you're thinking of are things it enables, such as:
1.  MuSig (multiparty signatures with only a single pubkey and signature onchain).
2.  Signature aggregation (signatures on multiple inputs become a single signature on all inputs).
3.  Taproot (SCRIPT hidden behind a (possibly MuSig) pubkey; if all participants agree on the result of the SCRIPT and sign, SCRIPT is never revealed).  Can be done pre-Schnorr but MuSig helps Taproot be a lot more powerful, since most complex SCRIPT contracts involve multiple participants (a pubkey is all you need for single participants).
4.  Scriptless SCRIPT (sharing of secrets via an offchain "adaptor signature" and an onchain signature that is indistinguishable from any other onchain signature).  Works even more powerfully in combination with Taproot; the simple HTLC construct won't even reveal the "hashlock" part if taking the timelock path, and taking the hashlock path will be a Taproot do-not-reveal-SCRIPT path.  Can be done with two participants using 2p-ECDSA, but MuSig is better because can get multiple participants.
Now sigagg and Taproot are protocol-level, but Scriptless SCRIPT and MuSig aren't.
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:02:31
Even if it is, it's too incompetently coded to be used safely.
Someone can hack your DNS and make your miner talk to the wrong server, so not just BitMain can stop your AntMiner, anyone with the skill and opportunity to hack DNS can stop your AntMiner (it's not easy, but is doable by your ISP).  The code doesn't even confirm an SSL certificate that it's talking to the correct server.
The only control MinerLink would have would be to monitor if your miner is online, and turn it on or off.
There's no confirmation that the owner of the miner is the one who authorized the turn-off; BitMain's server can turn it off even if the owner didn't want to turn it off, there's no signature from the owner involved to confirm.  Even LN without SegWit is more secure, and we don't really want to use LN without SegWit.
@_date: 2017-04-28 19:51:14
Ha, yes, that's correct.
How about this: I wish I bought back then and everybody else didn't until later ^^
@_date: 2017-04-11 05:19:41
How about an even more extreme idea:
Charity, non-profit decentralized miners
We launch various non-profit charities whose purpose is to use the donated money to mine, even at a loss.  We launch multiple such charities around the world, to help ensure decentralization.
Hopefully, with open processes each such charity would provide information about: how much each kW-h of electricity costs locally, how many hashes per kW it can provide, maximum hashes, and so on.  Then the "economic majority" can subsidize the charities they want.  If one becomes disruptive, their charity stream dries up (hopefully).
@_date: 2017-04-09 11:15:08
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:49:45
Not quite --- they're waiting for other wallets to support it for ***sending*** and they've added support for ***sending*** too, even if they don't support ***receiving*** on bech32.  If every wallet starts supporting ***sending*** to bech32, then they can switch to ***receiving*** via bech32.
@_date: 2019-04-30 23:24:37
Yes, but: we only need to find *one* working route that won't completely eclipse the payment in fees, not *the most optimal* route.  All your constraints are about getting *the most optimal* route.  C-Lightning just uses a simple "if fees are more than 0.5% of the payment" rule, then just runs with whatever route it finds.  Routefinding does not need to be perfect to work: it only needs to find some route that won't cost too much.
@_date: 2017-04-24 10:13:08
[I found a document somewhere about there being 3 levels of Lightning Network](  The first will work with Bitcoin from 2 or 3 years ago, the second will work with just CLTV and CSV opcodes, and the third level will work only with SegWit.  How hard would it be to modify the protocol and the existing codebases to the second level, with CLTV and CSV, which at least exists now?
@_date: 2017-04-17 02:33:10
But it now becomes a tragedy of the commons.  People who don't want to mine at a loss will then ride off the people who *are* willing to mine at a loss just to provide decentralized hashpower.
Decentralization of hashpower appears to be a public good at this point.  This means an assurance contract or dominant assurance contract, i.e. miners in multiple locations promise to provide decentralized hashpower for N days if the community is able to put together S amount of money.  This is actually approximately how a charity works.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:38:25
Because in the next year, when there are 100x more users (Japan, India, rogue miners in Venezuela, Russia...), a 3x increase in block size will not be enough, either.  Furthermore, the 3x increase in block size results in a 9x increase in the work done by nodes, who aren't paid and don't even get miner's subsidies or transaction fees.
Lightning network is peer-to-peer.  If you've experienced BitTorrent, you know that more peers translates to faster download times.  Peer-to-peer means that as the number of users grows, the number of available bandwidth increases in proportion with the uses, scaling directly with them.  Lightning Network is the BitTorrent of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-12 02:43:29


Now you want ***two*** desiderata instead of one?
Suppose there is a set of locations where electricity is cheap.
Now suppose we filter that set of locations, so that we only get locations with good broadband infrastructure.
Do you think "the set of locations where electricity is cheap AND has good broadband infrastructure" will be LARGER than "the set of locations where electricity is cheap"?
Or do you think it will be SMALLER, meaning there will be ***even more*** centralization?
Way to centralize ***even more*** man.
@_date: 2017-04-07 13:52:50
Yes, in theory.  Someone needs to reverse engineer how to enable it.
@_date: 2019-04-13 12:23:02
I'll have to pester my wife for price details, but anyway... we actually had reasonably good fibre optic Internet a year ago, and I was planning to buy a cheap low power computer to run a blocksonly fullnode. But we had to move (a few blocks away mind you), and the (much larger) building we are now in has only copper wires laid out to each apartment (the previous building was a converted residential house, but the fibre optic cable length was already just within the limit the technicians were willing to use). So we're now on relatively slow Internet. 20Gb cap per month so IBD would suuuck. The price is only slightly cheaper than the old fiber optic (can't remember offhand).
Now it's a large apartment building so there would be many more in our current situation than in our previous situation ( a large residential house). We haven't asked if we can install a satellite dish here but I haven't seen a satellite dish at our new building, so probably no Blockstream Satellite either. (The old building would have been ok with a satellite dish so I would have had that option too, except Blockstream Satellite took quite a while to reach southeast Asia hmp hmp hmp).
The new building is not even very old, maybe 3 or 4 years old, but that's old enough that apartment buildings then don't normally have fiber optic.
@_date: 2019-04-23 04:35:25
Get some onchain Bitcoin.  Make channels with any LN node.  Use any LN-to-onchain swap service: pay out via LN, get paid in via onchain.  Repeat until you have sufficient capacity.
If you are able to pay out to the LN-to-onchain swap service, then you will also have gotten any node you connect to to have a good incoming capacity itself, because of the way LN works.
Solution already exists, and problem will get reduced over time as the LN grows.
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:36:37
@_date: 2017-04-15 01:10:18
Turing completeness requires that you can write a brainfuck interpreter in the language. Without arbitrary while loops and/or recursion you do NOT have Turing completeness, you have a total language.
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:53:21
Just the remote killswitch.
@_date: 2017-04-11 23:02:05
I believe the problem is that Bitcoin tx is irreversible, but a credit card payment is reversible up to 6 months.
Companies specializing in operating with traditional fiat instruments may be able to afford that risk, can you?
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:16:18
Bank transactions can be reversed.  Bitcoin transactions cannot be practically reversed once confirmed a few times.
@_date: 2019-04-05 09:48:39
Alternate point of view being: 
@_date: 2017-04-22 22:37:58
Yes, that's how proof-of-work algorithm change is implemented here ;)
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:30:34
You'd be surprised.  I live in a third world country, in the most remote corners of provinces people can already get consistent electricity, and there are bums here with working cellphones.
@_date: 2019-04-23 04:16:11


Wasabi only communicates with Wasabi servers over Tor, which is an improvement.
Of course, if you take a Wasabi receive address and use a clearnet browser to view it on a blockchain explorer then you've blown your privacy.
Wasabi does everything over Tor, making it impossible for Wasabi servers to determine your IP address, whether using it for litewallet or for mixing.  The mixing service is trustless too (i.e. Wasabi can't steal your coins).
Electrum can be set up so it contacts Electrum servers over Tor, which helps loads, but still possibly links together multiple addresses as belonging to the same wallet.  Wasabi prevents that by using client-side filtering instead of server-side filtering like Electrum does.
@_date: 2019-04-12 02:55:35


Isn't that what your "democracy" was supposed to be?
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:02:49
How would any large institution (e.g. a company like, you know, Conbase) safely use Bitcoin?
They should have a cold m-of-n wallet whose keys are distributed among various branches, such as the classic "democratic" judicial/legislative/executive branches.  Use timelocks to allow higher-ups to countermand a withdrawal.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-04-11 08:33:58
You mean like Tor network?
@_date: 2017-04-11 08:14:28
The UASF is not triggered by number of servers running it.
It is triggered by a flag day, August 1, 2017.  After that flag day, nodes running UASF will ignore blocks that don't signal acceptance of SegWit.
Thus, even if there are 1,000,000 nodes, or just 1, it won't stop - or start - UASF.
Instead, if the people running nodes are handling large transaction volumes, they will only deal with miners who are SegWit-ready.
If the people running those nodes are an economic majority - i.e. people with money to burn who are willing to buy on the SegWit-forced chain - then it forces through the change to the miners, even if only a small number of miners are SegWit-ready.  Attackers cannot attack the SegWit-forced chain without shifting their hashpower to the SegWit-forced chain and reducing the non-SegWit chain.
This happens even if only one node, ever, runs UASF.  If everyone prefers SegWit, that one node can jack up prices for transacting with it, because it has something everyone else wants. (the wording here is an extreme condition: of course it won't be "Everyone", but if a sufficiently large number of people prefer that coin, and more people prefer the SegWit-enabled coin, then its value will rise, full stop).
@_date: 2017-04-02 12:04:27
Assuming this isn't an April 1 prank:
1.  Unit is kilowatt-hour, not kilowatt/hour.  Assuming a constant 2 kilowatt drain for 5 hours, you get charged 10 kilowatt-hours.  If it were kilowatt/hour, it would have been 2/5 kilowatt/hour.
2.  Electrons are what get pushed around on the electric grid, and electrons are not massless.  Granted the electric grid operator tries to improve efficiency by various techniques (high voltage for long-distance transmission implies lower current for the same amount of power - thus fewer electrons to push around), it is still not massless electrons.
3.  Electricity is not consumed - energy is.  The actual electricity is merely a medium to transfer energy.  With a high enough voltage you can put multiple devices in series, so that the electricity "consumed" by one device is then "consumed" by the next.  The energy transferred is proportional to the product of voltage, current, and time.
4.  Packaging, including the examples shown in the article, is not wasteful.  If you bought the avocados from a local wet market where local growers sell their products, yes, such a packaging would be wasteful.  But I bet you didn't.  Most likely the avocados were grown elsewhere and shipped to your local supermarket.  The packaging protects the avocados from being bruised and ugly.  The same principle holds for much of the rest.
I mean, this article is low quality, not well thought out.  I didn't finish reading it, because the parts I reached were already that bad... sigh.
@_date: 2019-04-19 01:15:16
Yes the anonymity set increases the more people you tell about the channel. So your best bet is to just tell everybody, i.e. make it published channel. See?
@_date: 2019-04-05 06:52:06
SegWit already increases the block size.  The block size "debate" was about adding *even more* block size on top of the SegWit increase.
@_date: 2017-04-24 01:45:17
As you can see here, if you're going to target Bitcoin, you are unlikely to earn.  If you intend to earn money, either Buy and Hodl, or mine other coins with lower difficulty and speculate.
The way I see it, if you are willing to pay $4k to prevent miner centralization, we should have a series of limited-geographical/sociopolitical-area nonprofit foundations to which you can pledge the money.  These foundations would willingly operate at a loss in order to prevent mining centralization.
@_date: 2017-04-03 09:18:29
SegWit by default only activates if 95% of blocks mined recently indicate support.  This translates to approximately 95% miners signalling SegWit.
UASF changes the activation to a specific date, August 1 2017.
@_date: 2017-04-24 21:14:30
Thanks!  I guess I should have paid more attention to that thread at the time.
I don't know how Level 2 (CLTV+CSV only) would work exactly, but from what I gather:
1.  CLTV and CSV would allow one-way payment channels.  One-way payment channels would be funded by only the sending side.
2.  One-way payment channels can be closed cooperatively by both of you or uncooperatively by the receiver. Closing releases any change to you and the latest updated payment to your receiver.
3.  Two-way payment channels between peers can be built out of two one-way payment channels (one from Alice to Bob, the other from Bob to Alice) but they would absolutely suck ;)
4.  Since actually the two-way payment channel is composed of two one-way channels, it's possible for one side to close uncooperatively only the channel to them, and then drop off the Lightning Network.  Your only recourse would then be to close uncooperatively the channel to you, but only while the CSV opcode protects you.
5.  You can't outsource the problem of  above to a high-uptime untrusted third party.  In the SW-based LN, you can: without tx malleability you can ask a high-uptime third party to monitor the blockchain for a particular txid (specifically, the txid for uncooperatively closing on a previous old state), and if it commits, to broadcast the revocation contract for that txid.  With tx malleability, the same untrusted third party would have to monitor the blockchain for confirmed tx's that input a particular p2sh utxo, which automatically reveals to the untrusted third party how much money you can afford to keep on LN.
6.  If you don't want to outsource the problem of  above because of the problem of  you have to make sure your own LN node's uptime is very high yourself.  This may be impractical for some users, such as people like me in third-world countries where Internet and/or electricity supply may be less reliable than in first-world countries.
@_date: 2019-04-24 09:03:19
I'm still concerned that Samourai-the-wallet sends the addresses to the Samourai servers.  Wasabi is better in this regard since it uses client-side filtering, which at least does not expose your addresses on the network or to the Wasabi server.  Wasabi even makes sure to set up new Tor circuits for each block it decides to download (there's a passive surveillance attack to determine your addresses by making tiny payments to various addresses and checking whether you download the blocks that have them, that's made a lot harder by this technique).
You do have to trust that Wasabi follows whichever chain you believe to be Bitcoin though (the main weakness of all SPV clients).  This can be problematic in case of attempts to take over the network, as zkSNACKS (the company behind Wasabi) is a central target that will pull in all Wasabi users.
@_date: 2019-04-17 07:39:43
Lattice-based signatures are one of the quantum-resistant signatures schemes.  All lattice-based signatures are quantum-resistant, not all quantum-resistant signature schemes are lattice-based.  There are others.  I'm not a mathematician, I just pretend to be one at work, so I can't give you an exhaustive list of quantum-resistant signature schemes.
Yes, asymmetric means public/private key cryptography.  I'm not a cryptographer, I'm just a fan of PIETER WUILLE and gmax and poelstra and etc etc, so you're better off asking them, just to be certain.
No, not all public/private key cryptography are *inherently* vulnerable to quantum attacks.  Lattice-based isn't vulnerable (at least, is known to be not vulnerable to Shor's algorithm, but it could be vulnerable to some other quantum-enabled algorithm, but there's no quantum-enabled algorithm other than Shor's yet).  Other forms exist.  Hash-based aren't vulnerable too, because hashes are not vulnerable to Shor's (but most hash-based allow signing with a particular public key exactly once, because signing multiple times leads to reveals more and more of your private key).
All signature schemes are inherently public/private key schemes.  You can't sign with symmetric encrpytion, because anyone who knows the key can generate a signature and that means anybody you hand the key to can sign (and people need to know the key to verify the signature, so it's worhtless).
Anything that involves spend authorization can be done with a softfork on top of SegWit, as SegWit includes a version number embedded in SegWit addresses (current SegWit is version 0).  This actually lets us softfork in completely new SCRIPT.  Since SCRIPT also defines the signature scheme it uses for validation, a new SCRIPT can be defined which supports any quantum-resistant signature scheme.  In fact, SegWit v1 is planned to switch in a new Schnorr-based signature scheme (called Discrete Log Signatures because every cryptographer hates Schnorr for fucking patenting his scheme and would really like to not label anything "Schnorr" just to spite his fucking patented ass), with new opcodes `OP_CHECKDLS` and `OP_CHECKDLSVERIFY` replacing the ECDSA-using `OP_CHECKSIG` and `OP_CHECKSIGVERIFY`.  There's nothing special about quantum-resistance or not in this case (DLS is *not* quantum-resistant, it's just another signature scheme distinct from ECDSA, but is still based on elliptic curves).
@_date: 2017-04-24 10:09:13
Moonbeam is an endpoint-to-endpoint system, not a peer network like Lightning is.  Given that channels are undirectional, it doesn't seem to be very useful to attempt networking.
You either need to own your own DNS domain, or depend on someone else, who presumably might get hacked through their negligence (or might get "hacked" through their "negligence") and losing your received coins on Moonbeam (unless I misunderstand how the server part works and how it parses the destination addresses).
@_date: 2017-04-07 03:59:24
The problem is high tx costs now, which are claimed to be due to small blocks, but are really caused by cASICBOOST.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:31:35
oASICBOOST (The overt ASICBOOST) manipulates version bits.
cASICBOOST manipulates the merkle tree root.
It's easier to manipulate tree root if the tree root is empty.
Empty blocks are cheaper to mine with covert ASICBOOST.  With a full block, you need to do more computations to manipulate the header, reducing the discount given by covert ASICBOOST.
For overt ASICBOOST the version bits are essentially manipulable easily regardless of # of transactions on the block.  Thus a full block and an empty block are just as easy to mine, and does not have an effect on tx fees.
That's why I differentiate between oASICBOOST and cASICBOOST: overt is a clever optimization, but covert is an attack as it encourages bad behavior in its users (miners forgo tx fees to get cheaper blocks, transactors want tx to commit) and pushes up tx fees.  ASICBOOST as a whole is a clever optimization that in its covert form is an attack.
@_date: 2017-04-23 22:26:59


Lightning transactions are built out of Bitcoin transactions.  A Lightning channel is composed of:
1.  A common fund in which you and your partner put some bitcoins.
2.  A "current Bitcoin transaction" which indicates how much of that fund is yours, and how much is your partner's.
A Lightning transaction is composed of:
1.  A revocation Bitcoin transaction which revokes the current Bitcoin transaction.
2.  A new current Bitcoin transaction, based on the previous "current Bitcoin transaction".  If previously you had 1.0 btc and your partner had 1.0 btc in the common fund, and the Lightning transaction transfers 0.5 btc from you to your partner, then the next "current Bitcoin transaction" is 0.5 btc to you, 1.5 btc to your partner.


All right, you completely misunderstand.  Lightning transactions are not Bitcoin transactions.  Lightning transactions are built out of Bitcoin transactions.
Cancellation via a revocation contract is for ensuring that old states are not transmittable on the Bitcoin part of the network.
Lightning transactions are not revocable.  Bitcoin transactions, with smart contracts, can be made revocable (cancellable) by use of time locks - you have a smart contract which says "send the money to X if someone reveals a revocation transaction, or send tthe money to Y after 1 day".
You only make a revocation transaction of old Lightning channel state in order to finalize the new Lightning channel state.


No, there is not "Same Bitcoin" being sent here.
Remember, ***in the given example***, you put ***1.0 btc*** in the channel, and your partner put ***1.0 btc*** into the channel.
So the common fund's account is:
* You: 1.0 btc
* Partner: 1.0 btc
Thus, there is a transaction which returns 1.0 btc to you, and 1.0 btc to your partner.
On the next Lightning transfer, this old transaction has to be invalidated, because the assignment of coins to you and your partner is changed.  For example, if there is a Lightning transfer from you to your partner of 0.5 btc, then the fund's account should now be:
* You: 0.5 btc
* Partner: 1.5 btc
The previous state, You: 1.0; Partner: 1.0, needs to be invalidated.  The transaction containing that state is then revoked via a revocation contract.
Thus, your partner will only send you the physical item after he or she receives a revocation of the previous You: 1.0, Partner: 1.0 state, because the correct assignment is now You: 0.5, Partner: 1.5.
If you try to renege on your deal by sending the You: 1.0; Partner: 1.0 transaction to the Bitcoin network, your partner has 1 day to reveal the revocation contract you gave him/her, which is proof of fraud.
None of those Bitcoin transactions are sent on the Bitcoin network until the channel is closed.


Effectively, yes.  Although do note that it's not possible to double spend at the channel level; channels are strictly between 2 agents who can send money to each other.  You can't send money to yourself and to your partner at the same time (as in Bitcoin) - you can only send money to partner, and your partner can send money to you.
If you attempt to uncooperatively close, then a Bitcoin transaction of the latest state of the common fund is sent at the Bitcoin level.  This has a 1 day to have your side revoked, in case you sent a revocation contract to your partner, which is proof of fraud on your side.
@_date: 2017-04-07 10:02:01
Let me propose something in direct opposition to your view.
cASICBOOST (covert ASICBOOST) is, indeed, the issue.
One of the possible ways in which cASICBOOST can be implemented is by mining empty blocks.
The original protocol definition had the following unspoken assumption: mining an empty block and mining a full block were equally expensive to the miner.  Thus, if the miner knows of any transactions, he would rather have the transactions in the block, even if he would earn only a satoshi (after subtracting the cost he incurs on the transaction) per transaction added.  The miner's incentive is aligned with a transactor's incentive: if there's any uncommited transaction, both the transactor and the miner want it in a block.
cASICBOOST makes empty blocks cheaper than full blocks.  This changes the incentives.  Even if the miner knows of some uncommitted transactions, the miner would rather mine an empty block because the price of an empty block is cheaper.  The only time a miner would put transactions is if the total fees are greater than the price difference between an empty block and a non-empty block.  The transactor and the miner no longer have the same goal.
cASICBOOST is the cause of high transaction fees and slow transaction confirmations.  Block size might not be the bottleneck.
@_date: 2019-04-20 02:23:07
It builds on top of the blockchain.  It's a separate network, but nodes are expected to synchronize some actions via the blockchain.  It replaces *use* of the blockchain for most transactions: basically, instead of using the blockchain directly every single time for every single transaction, you make a few transactions on the blockchain, which are the basis of several more offchain transactions on the LN.
The Lightning Network (LN) is composed of several nodes, with channels between them.
Each channel is a tiny little two-member federation.  By this we mean, that the nodes on both ends of the channel form a federation that controls the channel.  Only if both ends of the channel agree that what is happening is according to the defined rules, will any change in the channel occur.
Each channel has a "state".  When we say a channel "changes", what we really mean is that we change the state of the channel, and both ends of the channel have to sign off on each such change of state.  The state is mostly just something like "you: 42mBTC, me: 3mBTC" statements.  Now, at each state, there is a Bitcoin blockchain-level transaction which distributes the channel funds according to that state.  We don't send these Bitcoin transactions to the blockchain network immediately; we just keep these transactions "in our head" so that we can keep transacting using the channel.  If the transaction hits the blockchain network, then that closes the channel and it can no longer be used on Lightning.
Now each state isn't just how the money gets divvied up between the two ends of the channel.  We also use constructs called HTLCs.  HTLCs can be used to atomically transfer funds between cryptocurrency systems (e.g. an atomic cross-chain swap).  So for example, I can trade BTC for LTC using HTLCs, by using an HTLC on the Bitcoin blockchain and another HTLC on the Litecoin blockchain.  More cogently for Lightning, I can use an HTLC in my channel and an HTLC on another channel to transfer funds across multiple channels.  Suppose I have a channel to you, and you have a channel to my friend I can create an HTLC on our (yours and mine) channel, then ask you to create an HTLC on the channel you have with Thus I have exchanged BTC-on-our-channel for BTC-on-your-and-renepickhardt's-channel, so that I can pay Thus, the network means that I can pay anyone on the network even though I only have one channel: all I need to do is find routes (i.e. a contiguous set of channels) from myself to the payee.
how's the LN book going?
@_date: 2019-04-10 03:10:51
One can argue that the Internet is not a single entity, but rather a way of connecting multiple networks.  "Internet" is a shortening of "Inter-network protocol", i.e. a way of connecting different networks.  Doing it over terrestrial radio, satellite, or whatever, is just the Internet adapting to damage and routing around it.
@_date: 2019-04-23 09:36:48
Heil Germany!
@_date: 2017-04-03 09:08:29
WTF?  This is exactly the fucking kind of behavior from adults I absolutely hated when I was being bullied as a kid.  The bully and I were both wrong???  The fucking bully beat me up first you shithead, fuck you.
@_date: 2019-04-05 04:15:17
Luckily Tor has [pluggable obfuscation transports](
@_date: 2019-04-29 04:08:31
1. Pieter Wuille
2. Andrew Poelstra
3.  The rest of the Bitcoin Core developers and contributors.
@_date: 2017-04-24 05:26:23
Ask me on this thread, go ahead.
Bitcoin is the first of the cryptocurrency technologies.
Cryptocurrencies make use of various cryptography techniques in order to work.
Here are a few of the cryptography techniques used:
1\.  Secure hash.  A hash is a one-way function: it takes data of arbitrary length and creates a fixed-length output.  This fixed-length output looks very random, and an ideally "Secure" hash would be one where its output is indistinguishable from noise.  The important property of a hash is that if it is given the same data at different times, or on different hardware, or whatever, the same fixed-length output is produced.
  * A hash can be used to prove that you know a secret, without revealing the secret.  For example, publicly someone provides the hash output of some data (revealing only the hash output, not the data itself), then disappears from view.  An anonymous person later can prove himself or herself to be that person by providing the data that, when hashed, results in the provided hash.
2\.  Asymmetric key cryptography, also called Public-key cryptography.  This creates two keys: a public key which you can safely give anyone, and a private or secret key which you should prevent anyone from learning.  The specific asymmetric crypto used by Bitcoin is Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA).  Data of any length can be signed using only the private key, and the signature generated from the data + private key can be verified to have been generated from that private key using only the public key.
  * In Bitcoin, transactions from your account to anyone else's must be signed using ECDSA.  This means that if you keep the private key safe from anyone else knowing, only you could have authorized the transaction.  Anyone else can confirm your signature via the public key you give, but only you could have made that signature in the first place.
3\.  Proof-of-work.  This is built on top of secure hashes.  Remember, hashes are one-way functions, but you could, in theory, figure out the original data from the resulting hash by guessing.  Of course, for a "real" secure hash function, the probability of getting the correct guess would require that you be so lucky you'd have won all the lotteries in the world just from guessing, and was also born in the top 0.001% richest people and top 0.001% smartest people and that the next bullet aimed at you would miss by exactly 1mm with an error of 0.001% and so on.  However, it's possible to make a slightly easier problem: if the output hash is interpreted as a very large number, can you guess an input data which would result in the output hash being less than some target "difficulty"?  This latter target - i.e. having a hash value less than something rather than equal to something - is easier, but still requires some time to actually try to compute.  This can be used to prove that you actually did try to do this guess - i.e. "proof of work", the work here being the attempt to guess the data that would result in a hash less than the target value.
  * For example, if I want to receive e-mail without spam, one way I could do it would be to require proof of work.  If you can give me some piece of data that, when hashed together with my e-mail address and my message, results in a number less than some difficulty target I want, then I'll receive your e-mail.  Targeting that difficulty requires work, but presumably I can select some difficulty target that 90% of the computers can complete in, say, 10 minutes.  If you're sending an e-mail to me, then 10minutes' work on your computer isn't onerous.  But if you're sending hundreds of e-mails to hundreds of people with similar proof-of-work requirements, you'd have to guess unique data for each one, requiring you to spend a lot of computer time to send spam.
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:11:49
Really? Are you so certain, in the face of UASF and the failure of SegWit2X?
@_date: 2017-04-26 22:17:55
Malicious backdoors can be disguised as incompetence.  A server design that only returns true or false, randomized schedue of reporting/turn off.... it can be either spectacular bad design (from the company that designed the world's best hashpower-to-electricity ratio, working on crypto, which is inherently about security?) or deliberate maliciousness disguised as one.
@_date: 2019-04-08 10:10:42
@_date: 2019-04-16 04:50:44
New address format specifically made for SegWit.  Either you use the P2SH-wrapped SegWit (starts with `3`) or you use the native SegWit address format "bech32" (starts with `bc1`).  The P2SH-wrapped SegWit is slightly more expensive to spend, but is back-compatible to existing wallets that don't support parsing "bech32" addresses yet.
@_date: 2017-04-30 23:41:11
Performing random channel connection will help keep the graph decentralized, but people can just write new clients with nonrandom selection of counterparty, so that's not reliable.
Increasing the revocation period to a longer time (say a week) reduces this risk, but opens up an inverse attack: I could wait until most of the money in a channel is yours, then disconnect my LN node physically without closing the channel properly, so that your choice is either to wait a week for your money due to the unilateral close from your side, or have you pay me a ransom so that you can get your money faster.  If your funds are limited and you need access to your money quickly you may be tempted to pay the ransom instead.  This can be mitigated by making lots of small channels instead, but this increases load on the underlying Bitcoin layer and effectively caps how much you can send to another Lightning node in a single Lightning transaction.
@_date: 2019-04-23 06:46:20
Why are you exponentiating (1-0.003)?
Details: 
For an anonymity set of 57 participants, the ***target*** feerate is 0.171%.  That's just a very simple multiplication of the base feerate 0.003% times number of participants.  Note that there is randomness thrown in in the actual feerate that gets applied here, sometimes you get a negative feerate even.
13.4% is insane and your math is wrong.
The minimum of about 0.1BTC is a difficult tradeoff.  Make it too small and large whales have to slowly mix their coins through a tiny drinking straw over several days (it's not safe for them register multiple times in the same round, since that makes the anonymity set seem larger than it actually is).  Make it too large and it cuts off people with small amounts of BTC.
Samourai going with multiple pools is something of a tradeoff.  Large whales will avoid the smaller pools, unlike with Wasabi where even large whales use the same pool and have to pass their money through a hose.  Still, it might be something that Wasabi can consider.
@_date: 2019-04-12 03:23:55


Chile, Brazil, Argentina, etc. are not even in the question are they?
@_date: 2017-04-17 02:15:58
EMASF *does* involve giving miners money via **tx fees**.  In fact, this would be the limit, and once any single transactor starts spamming the network with transactions between addresses it controls, everyone will have to join in, in order to improve their own signalling.  Miners who oppose certain signalling (i.e. "block SegWit", "block anyone who doesn't SegWit") will ignore transactions that oppose their desired signals, until the transaction fees rise and miners are "bribed" to change their minds.  Network congests.
Loss of Stake is basically any sort of activity which attempts to bribe miners to perform certain actions.  Tx fees are a form of Loss of Stake, since you lose some money in order to indicate your desired action.
Personally I'd prefer a Loss of Stake where you indicate a particular output as signalling for a particular upgrade, then if the upgrade locks in you can no longer access that output, but miners can add your output to their mining subsidy, up to some limit (say the total stakes they can claim for each mined block can only be up to the mining subsidy).  i.e. a smart contract saying "if protocol upgrade X is not locked in, then owner's signature, else if protocol upgrade X is locked in and/or enabled, then any miner"
@_date: 2017-04-30 23:06:12
Fun fact: the Trezor (and possibly the Ledger as well?) **is** an offline computer (an ARM computer) with your secret keys.
 Trezor's website has schematics and source code.  If you have a technically competent friend you can trust, you can try to ask help (or hire them, it *would* be some effort) and have them review the hardware and source code, as well as Trezor's delivered binaries.  It won't necessarily catch particularly hidden backdoors, but the more eyes on Trezor's software and hardware design, the more you can mitigate your risk.
@_date: 2017-04-17 10:00:42
MASF is [BIP9](  It was always the expectation of devs that miners would not be opposed to something the general network users wanted, so hashrate was used as an approximation of the will of network users.
Not a core dev, but I am a programmer and heard of Bitcoin early, and I'm really pissed I didn't buy before usd/btc reached $200... sigh.  I heard of bitcoin before it was even $1/btc, sigh...
Anyway I was designing, in my own spare time, a distributed network (for tracking status of some long-running circuit simulations), and when bitcoin whitepaper appeared I slapped my dope head, because **now** the solution was obvious: use a freaking blockchain.  Oh well.
@_date: 2017-04-10 22:49:58
Somebody has to pay for the infrastructure on the "free" electricity, fix hardware breakdowns, and so on. The greater the the electricity usage, the more expensibe the infrastructure and the more dangerous breakdowns are. Elevtricity given to you is electricity that is not being sold yo someone else.
@_date: 2017-04-09 02:05:15
A physical bitcoin is basically a paper wallet made of metal. Remove the label to get the private key, sweep into an exchange's wallet, sell btc for fiat. This gets you about $1100, which is probably signifantly more than the cost of 2.15 btc 5 years ago.
That said, the coin itself may have collector's value on top of the btc it has. If you remove the label without evident tampering (there may be instructions elsewhere), much of the collectible value is likely preserved. Note that same may already have been done to the coin before you ever got it. There are lists of the full public key of physical coins minted, try checking first that the coin was not swept before you got it.
Finally, as said the coin may have value as collectible, so if you have time, ask around in more places to get the best price rather than opening it yourself.
@_date: 2017-04-20 12:35:25
First, always remember that receiving any paper wallet from someone else requires you to trust that person, trust whoever that person trusted to receive that wallet from, and so on, up until the person who created the paper wallet.
Now, here's what's possible to do:
1.  Set up an actual physical walk-in shop to print bitcoins in denominations wanted.
2.  Have closeable, lockable booths where customers can print the paper wallets themselves.  This cabinet contains an offline computer and a printer.  It prints the paper wallet and covers the private key, revealing only the public key.  Have instructions on how to use the printing station.  Bills have a visible public key and a hidden private key, as is usual for paper wallets.
3.  After the customer has actually printed the bitcoin bills, he/she proceeds to a teller, who confirms that the private key on the paper wallet is hidden, then receives the fiat to be loaded onto the bills.  If the private key is visible, the teller refuses to load the bill.
There are some more security problems here - what if the customer smuggles in a digital camera or cellphone photographs the private key, and then defrauds someone else by spending the physical bill, then sweeping the wallet to an online wallet.  You'd have to disallow cameras, cellphones, paper, traditional banknotes, and eidetic memory techniques (ha!) while the customer is inside the printing booth.
The customer will have to trust your system to not record the private keys in permanent storage.  This can be helped by open-sourcing your printing system and explicitly showing that the system has no writable permanent storage (how?) and no network.
The computer doing the printing has to be offline (to reduce attack vectors) and also has to be able to get entropy.  There's timer-based entropy, as well as entropy from quantum effects on common webcam CCD's, as well as just having a hardware device that gathers entropy from user input (keyword type-in timings, mouse, microphone for sound of whatever things the customer might be doing, whatevs).
Edit: that said, if you have a walk-in shop, there's the risk that evil government mooks will storm your walk-in shop.
@_date: 2019-04-10 10:46:26
Simple: very few people use it yet, it's not valuable, so attacking it isn't worth the effort.  Once coins become valuable, either they are forced to go the BTC route and limit block size to keep decentralization while retaining security, or they are forced to go the ETH route and centralize to the point that mere fullnodes cannot be started anymore and actual entire companies start to rely on specific ETH blockchain browser APIs (centralizing around those services and allowing targeted censorship attacks).
@_date: 2017-04-30 22:30:56
Another issue is the so-called SPV mining.
In SPV mining, miners don't confirm that blocks are correct, they just get the latest block transmitted and start mining the next block on top of that.  It's called SPV in reference to SPV wallets that don't actually verify the entire blockchain.
At this point, non-mining nodes are doing most of the verification of mined blocks.  As mentioned, increasing block size increases verification effort, and this may induce people to run fewer nodes, which weakens the system, as it is now easier to falsify information for fewer nodes.
@_date: 2019-04-12 04:26:16
Now, some people will say, "let's just use SPV!"  And SPV is even in the original Satoshi whitepaper, hence "Satoshi's Vision".
What is SPV?  It's "Simple Payment Verification".  Basically, instead of your wallet looking at every transaction and verifying all of them, your wallet uses a simple rule: if the transaction is buried deeply enough, it's valid.  That moves the responsibility of verifying transaction validity from your wallet to miners.
The problem is that miners should not control the blockchain.  Instead, it is the users of the coin who should control the blockchain.  And SPV gives miners control over the coins rather than the users of the coin.
Now miners are also users of the coin: after all, they get paid in it.  But to what extent *should* they control the blockchain, then?  Let us compare two miners with exactly the same hashpower:  Alice sells every BTC she gets ASAP for USD, while Bob sells only enough so he can pay for the electricity costs and whatnot, and then saves the rest of the BTC he gets for himself.  Obviously, Bob should have more power over the destiny of the blockchain than Alice does, because Bob makes more use of the blockchain.
This means that miners should not have power proportional to their hashpower.  Instead, miners should be judged in the same pool as users of the coin, and users of the coin are those who actually commit their life savings to the coin.  Alice, who sells BTC immediately and keeps her savings in USD, is not a user of BTC, even though she is a miner.  Bob, who keeps his earnings from mining in BTC, is indeed a user of BTC.
How is SPV related to this?  We should look what happens when a new rule is proposed for Bitcoin.
Suppose that instead of reducing the inflation every 4 years, a new rule is proposed where the inflation is increased instead every 4 years.  What happens?
Well first, the blockchain would split.  Some people would reject that rule, others would embrace it.  So now there are two blockchains.  How will users decide on which blockchain is better?
Let's first focus on Alice and Bob.  Alice would be quite happy with the increase-inflation rule, since it means she gets more USD for her work.  But Bob's feelings would be more mixed.  If Bob already had a good amount of BTC, he knows the increase-inflation rule will make his existing savings lower in value, which would mean he might actually reject the increase-inflation rule even if he gets paid directly by it!
If everyone was using SPV, then users cannot confirm which rule is followed by a particular blockchain.  Remember, SPV means their wallets only check if the transaction was buried deeply enough on *some* blockchain.  Instead, the winning blockchain is the blockchain with more confirmations for every transaction, because that's what SPV users will believe is correct.  That blockchain then becomes whichever blockchain Alice and Bob decide is the correct blockchain.  And since they have equal hashpower, they have the same "voting rights" for which blockchain wins.  The problem is that Alice should not have any such right at all, because she isn't really using the blockchain to save her money.  Bob should have that right.  And not just Bob, but every user, because it's the users who are saving their money in BTC who should control the future of BTC.  Alice should not have that right!
But if everyone was specifically ***not*** using SPV, then users can identify which blockchain is which.  They can run fullnodes (which requires smaller blocks to be practical for most people).  If they transact on the blockchain that they want, it doesn't matter if it has little hashpower; they'll be accepting BTC on the blockchain that follows the rules they want.  Eventually, the blockchain that follows the user's preferences wins out.  Why?  Because a user that wants to follow a particular ruleset will only accept coins from miners that use that ruleset.  Miners who use the ruleset nobody wants will not be able to sell their coins: users will reject it because it does not follow their rules.  And miners have costs they have to pay: electricity to run the hashers.
Logically, users of the coin will reject the increase-inflation rule.  Even if Alice tries to mine using that rule, nobody will accept her coins and Alice cannot sell it for the filthy USD she so likes.  So Alice is removed of the right to control the future of the blockchain by the simple expedient of not getting paid for the work she does.  Eventually, either Alice goes bankrupt, or she capitulates and follows the whim of the economic majority.
Fullnodes have power according to the amount of coin they own, simply because they can control miners who only mine to sell BTC for filthy fiat (they can offer fees to miners who mine on the ruleset they prefer).  SPV inverts that power and moves it to miners, even if they don't actually use the coin for their savings (as in the Alice case who sells all her coins for USD as soon as she can).
Yes, SPV was in Satoshi's whitepaper.  The problem is that Satoshi was brilliant, but in the end, he did not possess ***infinite*** brilliance.  SPV was a mistake, and we should accept that Satoshi made a mistake and move on.
Thus, the need for widespread fullnodes: to keep power over the protocol in the hands of the users of the coin.  That means small blocks.  And small blocks means higher transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-04-02 00:01:44
Paper voting has these properties:
1.  Anonymity - who voted for who is not discoverable (well if it's the "shade the dots" version; if it's the "write the name" version then in theory it's possible to do handwriting analysis, but anyway....)
- this is important because I might publicly claim to support Warlord W, who tortures people he doesn't like, in order not to get tortured, and secretly support Benevolent Dictator D.
2.  Auditable - you claim the count was wrong?  Here's the votes, count them yourself.
3.  Phased - First everyone votes.  Then the votes are counted.  This avoids groupthink (o fuck, looks like my preferred candidate M is not gonna make it, I'll vote for N instead because I like to back a winner!)
4.  Okay, everyone in country C, here's a voter's ID for each of you.  After you vote, you surrender the voter's ID.  You lost your voter's ID?  Yeah right, you're either a flying voter or a a foreigner, neither of which should be voting here.
I don't see how the blockchain has those properties.  As I know for now, a kind of pseudo-anonymity is given, but not necessarily true anonymity.  I don't know how you'd be able to control who votes and how many votes each gets, without physically inspecting the voter (ensuring it's one voter gets one vote, and ensuring the voter is not a foreigner).  Blockchain is a timed technology, and so phasing would require higher layers.  Perhaps only auditability is preserved.
@_date: 2019-04-15 09:11:39


@_date: 2019-04-17 23:07:59
@_date: 2019-04-17 08:29:20
The logic is that rough consensus should be more important than some authority that defines what Bitcoin is.




The above quote is part of the lore of the Internet Engineering Task Force.  There's even an [RFC]( about rejecting voting and figuring out what "rough consensus" is.  As the money of the Internet, Bitcoin strives to follow the rejection of kings, presidents, and voting.
Wright, in his pronouncements and declarations, often tries to be a "king" of Bitcoin, defining what Bitcoin is, declaring that his intent for Bitcoin is somehow more important than what we the users want, etc.
So if he is Satoshi *and* he is accepted as a position of authority (i.e. "king") then Bitcoin is fucked: he will impose his vision, and is a single point of failure that can be coerced to select design decisions that will degrade Bitcoin.  It's the reason why the IETF is run around the principle of rejection of kings and faith in rough consensus: the Internetwork technology works around single points of failure and retains connectivity even if one computer is shut down: so should the engineering team behind the Internet be; even if some developer is assassinated, advances in the Internetwork technology must still progress.
Fortunately, almost regardless of whether he is Satoshi, it is likely that the users of Bitcoin will reject his authority.
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:56:02
I'm capped at 20Gb per month.  Blockchain today is ~215Gb and growing at 144Mb per day.  Do the math.
So you have at least one person (who is more technical than you and is probably more likely to some day actually hack at the Bitcoin code and get my hacks merged) opposed to block size increase.  If I thought it was politically possible I'd go for a block size *decrease* to say 75% of the current block weight limit.
Given this, don't expect block size increases to happen until good Internet is widespread.
Small fees is first world problems.  Keeping my meager wealth somewhere that fucking kleptomaniac politicians can't easily get at, that's my problem.  Small fees?  SMALL FEES?  ***SMALL FEES***?  Not a problem.
@_date: 2017-04-25 15:40:24


Yes.  This: "OK but who operates the lightning network hardware? I assume a 3rd party."
If you use lightning network, you will be operating a part of the lightning network hardware, specifically your computer running an LN node.
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:34:00
Sir or Madam as the case may be, you have changed my mind irrevocably.  What was I thinking?  That actual hardware devices, which many bought using hard-earned money - whether fiat or crypto - was an important part of Bitcoin?  No!  I was wrong!  The censorship of coffee-buyers in a forum is more important!  I shudder as I look back on my old, defunct worldview.   O cruel, needless misunderstanding! O stubborn, self-willed exile from the loving breast! Two gin-scented tears trickle down the sides of my nose. But it is all right, everything is all right, the struggle is finished. I have won the victory over myself. I love Big Blockers.
@_date: 2017-04-30 11:48:56
Is there a better explanation?  My understanding is simply that an offline wallet can send the transaction over a non-Internet connection (Bluetooth, etc) to a receiver who is online, and prove somehow that it didn't double-spend.
@_date: 2019-04-13 12:03:07
I don't think so. It would be like asking "Is it illegal to walk through walls?" and about as interesting in terms of practical usage.
@_date: 2019-04-10 10:18:04
It would be much, much harder for governments to steal your money from LN, compared to stealing your money in banks (by inflation, bailins, negative savings interest rates...).  That's enough of a win in my book.
@_date: 2017-04-21 10:54:22
Short.  Set up a contract between you and a counterparty.  Below is an example, where you are A and your counterparty is B:
1.  N days from today, A will give B, P bitcoins, and B will give A, F fiat, where F/P is the exchange rate today.
If the price corrects in N days, then B will give you fiat at higher exchange rate than the price at that time.  If you are instead wrong and the price is actually rational, then you gain nothing.  If you are very very badly wrong and the price keeps going up, you lose money.
@_date: 2017-04-24 01:50:40


You are asking on an open network how to break laws (assuming you are in a jurisdiction where cashing btc is taxable by law).  I hope you have not managed to attach your real-life identity to your Reddit account.
@_date: 2017-04-10 07:25:50
Market price history **is** the result of the invisible hand.  So, at the minimum, I can show you "this is what happened, then the market price went this way", and argue that to be result of the invisible hand of the market, and that "therefore, the invisible hand judges X, because of the past history that is the result of the invisible hand".
(The invisible hand was called "invisible" because until Adam Smith, nobody really realized its power and described it well enough.  It is today a rather visible hand, but is still called invisible simply because that's what Adam Smith called it.  Notice 1-cpu-1-vote, when 1 "vote" is no longer a CPU anyway, but a subcircuit of an ASIC)
As to where it goes: well, so far, as Jihan Wu gets backed into a corner, the bitcoin price seems to be going up.  That seems to indicate what the invisible hand judges.
Now tomorrow, maybe Jihan Wu will reveal that a reverse engineering of the Core code reveals a backdoor that lets any Core dev to transfer coins arbitrarily, and then Core panics and admits it was there but they haven't used it "for the good of bitcoin".  Then perhaps the invisible hand will judge them harshly.  Or not.  I'm putting my bets based on my best analysis - I don't care if "seeing the invisible hand" is illogical, "invisible" here is just part of the name that Adam Smith used poetically (Yes, that hand is invisible but Adam Smith seemed pretty confident he saw some invisible hand move the market anyway).
@_date: 2017-04-09 11:11:22
Yeah it's much safer, [unless your compiler was hacked](
@_date: 2019-04-12 04:26:05
Because security comes at a cost.
Currently, Bitcoin is inflating, meaning your savings in BTC are actually losing value slightly (this is a loss "on top" of any gains BTC will have as it increases adoption and utility --- if not for the subsidy, the BTC value would be even higher today).  That value loss is going to the miners, in the form of new coins (i.e. the inflation).  In short, at least for now, people who are saving money are paying part of their savings to secure the network.
However, once those savings have been secured by being deeply buried in the blockchain, the loss in savings should stop (or at least slow down greatly; that's the halvening every 4 years or thereabouts).
But miners still have to be paid.  So the rule is that every change in the state of the existing savings --- i.e. every transfer from some existing savings to control of another entity, i.e. a transaction --- must pay in order to ensure security of that transfer.  That's the transaction fees.  As the subsidy reduces, the cost to secure the chain must still be paid, this time by those who want to change the ownership of coins.  Thus the fees cannot be made 0.
The other side is that Adjustable Blocksize Cap thing.  There are a bunch of intersecting problems here.
Each block has a price to generate that block.  The total energy spent to create the block is the price of that block.  The value has to come from somewhere --- currently, that's the subsidy plus what little fees there are.
Now one way to increase fees is to increase the block size.  Hence the many many many moves to do so.
The problem is that at the lower layers (i.e. Internet layer) the effect of block size is massive.  For one, fullnodes tend not to be created when block sizes are large --- consider Ethereum, where nobody can start a new fullnode anymore, because of the block size problem they created for themselves.  More fullnodes mean generally greater security and privacy, since the ability to lie about the blockchain becomes harder the more fullnodes there are.
Another issue is that every millisecond counts for miners.  When a new block arrives, a miner can't be sure they can safely build on top of that block until they verify that block; they either stop mining momentarily, or mine on top of the incoming block before they can confirm it's valid.  The former is wasted time for them (and mining hardware is going to be suffer more damage if they keep switching it on and off at high speed; in practice they just waste the energy here rather than reduce the lifetime of their equipment); the latter is risky in case of a targeted attack by another miner with more hashpower than them.
Now, there are two costs in block verification: transmitting the transactions in the block, and actually verifying the transactions in each block.  Bitcoin has a FIBRE network that improves the speed of transmitting the transactions in a block; Bitcoin also has ubermensch [Pieter Wuille][that improves the Bitcoin Core source code to speed up verifying transactions.
If the block verification time increases, then it becomes possible to perform certain attacks to effectively increase your hashpower without, you know, actually increasing your hashpower.  When a miner wins a block, that miner knows immediately that the block it just made is valid, but other miners still have to double-check that block.  Thus the milliseconds needed by other miners to receive and verify that block is a vital advantage the winning miner has.  If the miner has high hashpower, it could win the next block again, which increases its time advantage over the other miners again.  This means the miner effectively has higher hashpower than it actually has, unless the block verification time is negligible.
Now, ***obviously*** increasing the block size is going to increase the block verification time, duh, how could it not?  If it increases the block verification time to more than a dozen milliseconds, it becomes possible for miners with a large share of the hashpower to increase their effective hashpower rate by stealing it from smaller miners.  This means that miners with large hashpower might look like they have &lt; 51% on paper, but actually have effectively more than that by kicking off smaller miners (via block verification time).  And once Bitcoin has been 51% attacked, it is possible to censor transactions, and with the existence of timelocks, possibly even prevent protocols built on top of Bitcoin from operating correctly (cross-chain swaps, CoinSwap, Lightning...).
Recently (mid 2017) Bitcoin already increased blocksize by around 2x via SegWit.  Note that Bitcoin FIBRE had to be upgraded before then to support the increased capacity.  Further capacity increases require even more optimization of Bitcoin FIBRE and Bitcoin Core before they are even considered.
@_date: 2017-04-27 01:52:08
Ah shit.  Remember when Litecoin scrypt miners got delayed because of firmware problems?  Was the firmware problem because they forgot to install the backdoor?
@_date: 2017-04-21 11:01:31
There are times when a planet is literally on the other side of the solar system as Earth.  Communications to that planet will have latencies measured in dozens of minutes, at lightspeed communications.  Blocktimes of 10 minutes won't work.
That said perhaps an interplanetary crypto may work, but it would probably have blocktimes measured in hours, and you'd have blocks in the terabytes with complicated smart contracts specifying how, exactly, value is transferred in an interplanetary manner.  Latency is so far the main limitation we've already hit physical limitations on; bandwidth is still far from being perfectly utilized, but latency physical limits was hit on global scale already.
@_date: 2017-04-13 02:04:55
NOTHING can be proven. There's only some level of evidence where you shrug and say "yeah, I guess 1+1=2"
@_date: 2019-04-15 09:07:50
But it *does* guard against inflation: by making it obvious that employers are giving smaller raises than they appear to give, thus bringing this to the attention of those who live paycheck-to-paycheck.
@_date: 2017-04-07 11:09:31
A better way to say it:
The Bitcoin protocol code is Law, and we accept that.  But that which is illegal is not necessarily immoral, and that which is legal is not necessarily moral.  When there is some misalignment between legality and morality, we must have the courage to change the law, not the morals.
@_date: 2017-04-26 13:54:05
The file itself: 
The bitcoin transaction attesting to the file being created on or before December 18, 2016: 
@_date: 2019-04-05 10:49:06


Kind of.  If it bothers you:
1.  Hash the record of your marriage together with whatever message you want.
2.  Use it as the private key of an address.  E.g. you can use something like a paper wallet generator, input the record of your marriage as the seed.  Of course, save the paper wallet generator to local storage, turn off your Internet router, restart your computer, then generate while offline.  Then just save the address without bothering to print the paper wallet.
3.  Send a "rainy day" amount to the address you generated.
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:58:59
Sometimes script kiddies (hacker wannabes) will replace letters with numbers, lik3 th15.
And sometimes script kiddies will misspell, l41k th33s.
A common word is "elite", sometimes shortened to leet.  Also can be spelled a 1337.  1=l, 3=e, 7=t
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:31:45
But it is the most basic needs that are the most important, and far too many people *don't* have those basic needs covered as their (contract-fixed) salary is slowly whittled away by inflation.
@_date: 2019-04-05 10:34:54
It doesn't have to be done *now*.  Maybe later, when more of the world is properly connected with 1000Gb caps per month.  Until then, no.
@_date: 2019-04-10 04:10:18


WTF?  From the article's own data: 
The top five pools are:
1. BTC.com - 29.6
2.  AntPool - 12.9
3. ViaBTC - 9.9
4. SlushPool - 9.6
5. F2Pool - 7.6
My calculator shows the above total to only 69.6%.
When your article is not even self-consistent, like, WTF?
Yes, the top 5 miners controlling more than 50% is concerning, but that's a lot less concerning than the quoted 80%.
@_date: 2019-04-30 11:40:40
Electrum Mobile.
@_date: 2018-11-13 06:13:33
Sorry for the apparent annoyance. Currently all channels open with one side having 0 funds, is all, so not knowing this is kinda weird. One of the items that will be added "soon" is having both sides put up funds, because coordination like that becomes harder (who pays onchain fees for the funding transaction to be confirmed, does the initiator of the channel pay the other side to put money into the channel, how do we prevent trolls who open a channel and ask you to put money into it and then close it immediately and just waste your time, etc.).  So it's really really weird that you think that starting with one side having 0 funds is verboten, when in fact currently channel opens ***are*** started with one side having 0 funds and the "next step" is to allow negotiations for both sides putting up funds.
@_date: 2017-04-15 16:00:18
We need bitcoin mining charities for decentralization!
@_date: 2017-04-29 04:41:31
Antminers need to be reverse engineered and then we can rip off the boards and replace the motherboard with known-safe bootup software and trusted hardware.
Convert Antmienrs to Aadvarkminers...
@_date: 2018-11-15 05:35:25
The kind of idiot who for various reasons lives in a third world country whose inflation is much higher than USD or JPY or EUR or whatnot.
@_date: 2019-04-15 00:23:04
Yes, because people will not spend their money even if they are starving, thirsty, out in the cold, and would rather their children grow up ignorant, because deflationary money is EEEEEEEEVIIIIIIL
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:23:23
Australia has lousy latency compared to the rest of the world, so it's plausible even without long routing.
@_date: 2017-04-10 03:57:49
I am the big blocker: I am the one who blocks
@_date: 2018-11-12 22:30:04
You haven't been using Lightning at all, it's obvious.  There's a special case where if you ***start*** with one side at 0, punishment is moot --- because there is no previous state you can replay at the start.  You just can't move ***to*** a state where one side has 0 funds, because now there's an old state that can be replayed.  You can move ***from*** a state with one side having 0 funds safely (because it would be dumb to replay a state where you have 0 funds).
If you've actually used Lightning you'd have learned that currently all channels start with only one side having funds.
@_date: 2019-04-17 23:18:10
Huh?  You already get pretty good privacy on Lightning, because payments are onion routed.  The article is vague enough that the remaining privacy leaks they are trying to cover aren't described. The next improvements in privacy are already known:
1.  Switching to Schnorr+MuSig so that 2-of-2 is indistinguishable from typical 1-of-1 or other multisignature policies, OR switching to 2p-ECDSA.
2.  Switching to payment points/scalars instead of the current payment hash/preimage, which requires either Schnorr OR 2p-ECDSA.  Switching to payment points is needed to allow route decorrelation, with a tweak added at each hop to prevent third parties controlling multiple hop nodes from identifying that two separate hops are from the same route.
LN is mostly going for "wait for base layer to get Schnorr".
@_date: 2018-11-09 12:29:42
Are the cans the companies/organizations the Core members work for?  So the trio at the right of the picture are Pieter Wuille, Andrew Poelstra and Greg Maxwell?
@_date: 2018-11-15 06:43:27
Try IRC  and 
You can trawl the bitcoin-dev mailinglist for email addrs.
@_date: 2018-11-12 01:55:28
Bulletproofs are a zero-knowledge proof system and while you might want to implement it for confidential transactions and/or MimbleWimble, they don't really make sense independently of those.
Confidential transactions/MimbleWimble can be added, today, as extension block.  You'd know how much money total globally was in CT or MW, but not how much each extension-block-output actually contains.  Then you'd not need Monero at all.
Anything a hardfork can do, a softfork can do.  Even proof-of-work change can be done; xref. Forward Blocks.
@_date: 2018-11-12 22:44:40
Programming. Approximately equivalent 27k USD per year, give or take a few thousand from being paid in the local currency.
Married, 2 kids.
South-east Asia.
Bitcoin, programming, strategy computer games.
Bitcoin, programming, strategy computer games, why did you repeat the question?
Inflation sucks.
Liberal with libertarian sympathies.  Conservatives can enter a tiny hole and die.
@_date: 2018-11-18 22:28:01
Probably by imposing additional rules on block timestamp, a la Forward Blocks by @_date: 2018-11-18 05:27:07
It's still pretty new, with the existing software at beta-test level.
That it's already got &gt;200BTC on it means people really really want to use it even with the software at beta.
@_date: 2018-11-09 12:22:30
So is he sedevacantist?
@_date: 2019-04-01 08:10:28
Plot twist: they send assassins to those who respond to their job offers.
@_date: 2018-11-15 01:10:20
The toxic waste is basically old states.  You generally want to dispose of them by deleting them, but if you made a backup of your files, then the old states are retained and dangerous.
Under Poon-Dryja, replaying old states causes the counterparty to gainsay you and the result is the entire channel value is claimed by them, i.e. punishment-as-disincentive-to-cheat.
Under Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo"), replaying old states causes the counterparty to gainsay you and the result is that the latest state is published with the old state "covered".
Thus under Poon-Dryja if you have any backups of old states, they are "toxic" in the sense that if you inadvertently use them (or somebody gets a copy and wants to hurt you economically), you lose money (because the mechanism is punitive in nature).  Under Decker-Russell-Osuntokun, old states will simply be overridden by later states, thus non-toxic (even if you replay them accidentally, or somebody who hates you gets a copy, the old states will be ignored when the counterparty publishes the latest state).
@_date: 2018-11-15 08:46:01
Oh, sorry, didn't know.
@_date: 2018-11-12 07:49:40
Not a developer but I do have some ears near them.  The below are very likely to get into the next "really major" release:
1.  Schnorr signatures.  Multisig becomes as cheap (in terms of signatures needed) as singlesig.  Also some nice techniques such as Scriptless Script become possible.
2.  `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`.  This will allow Lightning to switch to Decker-Russel-Osuntokun "eltoo" update mechanism instead of Poon-Dryja "punitive" update mechanism.  The main improvement will be that "toxic waste" (i.e. old channel states which could cause you to lose money if they get out, or if you accidentally use them (i.e. restore from backup)) do not exist under eltoo.  Routing is slightly more difficult under eltoo.
3.  Taproot.  This will let you select either a signature (single or multisig with Schnorr) or a script (which itself may require signature, or signature plus some data) to spend a coin.  The interesting thing is that if you take the signature path, then the script is never revealed and nobody else becomes aware of it.
4.  Dandelion.  This will change transaction propagation to make it harder to trace who first broadcast a transaction on the Bitcoin fullnode network; privacy improvements on the blockchain currently can be bypassed by just figuring out which fullnode first broadcast a transaction, so further privacy improvements kinda need this as a prereq.
The below have more problems and might not make it to the next "really major" release:
1.  Graftroot.  This will let you sign a script.  The script can then be used to spend the output.  You can sign multiple such scripts, and once one of them is revealed and the script fulfilled and the output is spent,  the existence of the other scripts becomes moot and nobody knows that they existed.  Or you could just sign a transaction normally, and hide the existence of the other scripts.  However, there are some complications in the interaction of Graftroot and signature aggregation (I'm not qualified to discuss them, sorry; it involves math I don't know).
2.  MAST.  This lets you create a script with multiple possible branches, and only reveal one of them.  Has a lot of overlap with Taproot and Graftroot, so it's actually not being very promoted anymore.
3.  Signature Aggregation.  This will let you spend multiple outputs while only creating a single signature, by using Schnorr multisig to combine the public keys for each output.  Has some complications in the interaction of Graftroot and signature aggregation.
@_date: 2018-11-20 23:30:55
Nobody really knows.
In some ways, Lightning works like a proof-of-stake, except the stake is kept on a different cryptocurrency system (the Bitcoin blockchain) to protect against nothing-at-stake attacks.
It could be somebody deciding that staking into Lightning would get them some amount of control and fees.
The risk is mostly on who is putting the large amounts of BTC now --- the software is still mostly beta-level and LN nodes are hot wallets.
@_date: 2018-11-28 02:14:51
If their reputation is already shit, they won't care.  They'll just set their goons on you.
It's also easy for them to hire middlemen to hold their coins for them; it's already done by organized crime today.  "Everyone" might know who the middlemen are and who they really report to, but even today "everyone" might know who the criminals are, it's just that they've got too much personal power to fight against.
@_date: 2018-11-16 07:09:21
From the link:


@_date: 2018-11-25 14:46:24
@_date: 2018-11-24 18:02:20
What you are talking about is "colored coins".  There have been many ways to color coins, often with the colored coins being able to be "uncolored" by their owner (although some, like the Liquid confidential assets, can only be uncolored by the issuer of the colored coin).
Generally, some other layer is used to inform the coloring of coins to peers who understand the coin coloring protocol.
Most existing coin-coloring protocols involves publishing some data, either `OP_RETURN` or (as in RGB) pay-to-contract.  The owner can stop following the protocol, but ends up with those coins getting uncolored; presumably the coin has more value with its coloring over the base satoshi, so that a rational owner of colored coins would not do that.
On Liquid, however, mathematical properties of the confidential transactions system are exploited to get colored coins that cannot be combined at all with uncolored coins, and the mathematical relation between the colored coin and the base Bitcoin type is known only by the issuer, thus only allowing the issuer to uncolor the coins.
@_date: 2018-11-15 03:49:26
Run it over tor, c-lightning supports being a tor onion address.  Automatic NAT without doing any special setup, just tor.
@_date: 2018-11-13 06:30:20
B Foundation?  Also try directly investing in Lightning Labs, ACINQ, Blockstream, and nayuta.co, all of which are making Lightning implementations (lnd, eclair, c-lightning, and ptarmigan, respectively).
ZmnSCPxj is an independent who wandered into Lightning development and has an address for donations, and is very active on the mailinglist and in c-lightning development: 
@_date: 2018-11-12 11:57:19
Vague target. There's a comment elsewhere with details for 0.18.x if you need concrete things.
@_date: 2017-04-16 11:52:13
I have ASIC design experience &gt;6 years in design, 12 yrs in the industry. Previous outfit was a company with its own foundry, and the foundry was several generations behind (it's one reason I left, the sizes there relative to the state of the art were ridiculous). I can work for cheap since I live in a 3rd world country.
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:33:25
TIL Elon Musk is into S&amp;M.
@_date: 2018-11-15 06:55:20
Wassa wassa wassa wassup?!
@_date: 2018-11-01 01:30:47
Well FIBRE is primarily for pool operators and large-scale miners who directly mine instead of doing pools.  Most small-scale miners will be on pools, and the pool will usually only be sending a tiny header template to the miner (more precisely the "grinder", since they're not doing transaction selection, the pool is usually the one who does that).
A P2Pool miner might want to join the FIBRE network since P2Pool leaves transaction selection to the pool members, and it's transaction selection that you need freshly-propagated blocks for anyway.  TheBlueMatt is also pushing for improved pool/miner protocol that lets the owners of hashpower to select transactions instead of leaving it to the pool.
For most people, getting blocks a few seconds after they're mined is fast enough, and FIBRE eats a lot of bandwidth (it trades off bandwidth to gain very fast latency).  If you own no hashpower at all, there's little reason to join FIBRE.
@_date: 2018-11-27 10:18:46
Building on what said, existing SPV techniques (Electrum Stratum protocol, or Bloom filters, or boutique protocols for SPV client-servers) tend to leak information about what the SPV wallet's addresses are.  Bloom filters (built into Bitcoin Core) are the least information leaky but still leak quite a good bit the SPV wallet's addresses.
This is a privacy loss and thus another reason to prefer fullnodes for your wallet.
This is because existing SPV techniques effectively go this way:
* SPV node: hi fullnode! Can you check addresses X, Y, Z.... if they have anything in this new block?
* Fullnode: sure thing SPV node!  address Z is in the block, somebody sent some coins to it.
* (Fullnode secretly writes down that SPV node owns addresses X, Y, Z....)
* SPV node: thanks fullnode!
Neutrino inverts this:
* SPV node: hi fullnode!  Can you tell me what addresses were sent to in this new block?
* Fullnode: sure thing SPV node! The block has coins sent to addresses A, B, C, and Z.
* SPV node: thanks fullnode!
* (SPV node goes to another fullnode)
* SPV node: hi fullnode 2! Please give me this new block.
* Fullnode 2: sure thing SPV node!  Here's the block: txid xxxxx, txid yyyyy...
In this case, neither fullnode can know for sure just which addresses the SPV node is actually interested in.  Fullnode 2 can only know that the block contains *some* address that the SPV node, but can't know if the SPV node is interested in one of the addresses, or two, or more, or if the SPV node decided it has enough bandwidth budget and just downloaded the block even if it isn't actually interested in it.
@_date: 2018-11-03 02:41:24
A peer-to-peer publication, subscription, and messaging network.
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:07:27
He is being evil, ignore him.
@_date: 2018-11-26 09:47:26
Unfortunately there is no simple way to track progress on Bitcoin Core --- it's being studied and there's some initial BIPs:
And debate:
Sorry but you'll have to effectively stalk pwuille(sipa), andytoshi, gmax(nullc), etc. to know how things have been.
The main thing happening is to package a bunch of features into the next "big patch":
1.  `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` (or some extended set of `SIGHASH` flags) --- primarily for upgrading Lightning from punitive Poon-Dryja to overriding Decker-Russell-Osuntokun eltoo (which removes the risk of "backed up" toxic waste that can lose you money if you accidentally use them or your lifelong enemy gets at them), but possibly other SCRIPT magic also.
2.  Schnorr.
3.  Taproot, very likely; this actually takes over some of the applications for MAST.
4.  Signature aggregation --- multiple inputs can be signed with a single signature, but it interacts badly with some other features (don't know why --- I'm not a Bitcoin Core dev, I just stalk them).
5.  Graftroot, which takes over even more of the applications for MAST, but is complex enough that people are wondering if it's better to just use Taproot for now.
6.  MAST itself.
7.  EDIT (thanks to added: Dandelion, which obscures exactly where onchain transactions broadcasted originate.
8.  EDIT added: Neutrino, primarily to support light LN clients, but which also helps support SPV clients in general keep their privacy while requiring only a relatively light increase in bandwidth usage.
9.  EDIT added: minor improvements, like packages of transactions in order to let an otherwise-too-low-feerate transaction to be sent together with a high-fee child (CPFP).
@_date: 2018-11-27 03:56:39
Or if he was just tired of maintaining the package since it's boring for him now.
@_date: 2018-11-29 08:13:47


@_date: 2018-11-20 18:10:52
You do realize that genital mutilation has been used as punishment by governments before?
@_date: 2018-11-29 07:59:48
Note that this is added only to the *Elements* project, which is basically Blockstream's internal federated experimentation sidechain.
This means it'll probably get into Liquid first before getting into Bitcoin, if ever.
Naively, it seems to me that if Bitcoin SCRIPT will have some kind of Merkle Abstract Syntax Tree system, it may be possible to instantiate a dialect of Simplicity with hashlocks, timelocks, and signatures, and then generate a MAST root for that program. Then, you can have an offchain interpreter/compiler that, given the inputs to the program, will generate the MAST proof of a SCRIPT that consumes the inputs and applies the requirements imposed by the Simplicity program.
Execution of the Simplicity program is offchain, but this execution produces a transcript that can be played onchain.
@_date: 2018-11-12 00:54:49
Consider helping fund Bitcoin (and possibly Lightning) development; after all, Bitcoin developers' code is protecting your assets, and devs have to eat too.
@_date: 2018-11-27 03:50:15
America ***isn't real???***
@_date: 2018-11-12 10:44:39
What?  That's already possible with existing Poon-Dryja channels.  Both Poon-Dryja and Decker-Russell-Osuntokun channels are bidirectional, and both can be funded by one side or the other or both.  It's only that dual-funding not been specified at the Lightning layer yet.  The starting state of the channel is independent of the channel's update mechanism.
You can do that today; if you want to help some user who has no Bitcoin to accept Bitcoin over Lightning, you just take some of your own onchain funds and put it into a channel to that user.  That user can then receive money on that channel.
@_date: 2017-04-17 09:34:49
Others are recommending hardware wallets, but personally I prefer paper wallets.
Paper wallets, protected from light, air, and water, can last much longer than most electronics and still remain usable.  It's also trivial to "refresh" paper wallets offline: just open it and copy the private key by hand, then burn the old paper.
(It's possible to use a word-based private key; Electrum supports a 12-word private key, for example, this is much easier to copy by hand and provides some protection against bad handwriting)
For better protection and some amount of redundancy, you can use a 2-of-3 multisig account.  Put the 3 paper wallets in 3 different places (house safe, bank safe, relative's safe), if one of them disappears, retrieve the remaining 2 and transfer the money to a new wallet (a temporary single-sig wallet can do, so that you can prepare a new 2-of-3 multisig wallet with less panic hormones in your bloodstream).
Edit: I have approximately the same amount as you have in cold storage, but that's because I live and work in a lousy 3rd world country.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:22:33
Isn't it nice we actually have an offchain system now?
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:24:23
Depends on what backend I suppose.  C-lightning is willing to overpay slightly in an attempt to increase privacy (obscuring exactly how much you paid by adding a random amount).  It hides the overpayment in the fees paid.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:37:34
5 seconds would be a long time for the payment to finalize.
@_date: 2018-11-01 09:24:22
All hail our new Dinosaur Blockstream overlords!
@_date: 2018-11-28 01:23:10
No! Privacy is important.
Would it be acceptable if criminals (or golddiggers) can watch the blockchain, determine that somebody living a simple lifestyle actually owns hundreds of Bitcoins, and target that individual?
Would it be acceptable if a business can watch the blockchain, determine that a potential customer actually owns hundreds of Bitcoins, and modify their website's pricetags to be higher, just because the customer is richer?
Would it be acceptable if a corrupt government official can watch the blockchain, find some rich person, and frame that person for a crime in order to confiscate his or her possessions?
What we need is public financial auditability of public entities (politicians, government entities), while retaining privacy for the private sector (non-politician individuals, corporations, mom&amp;pop stores...).
This can be had with confidential transactions (as in Liquid); private individuals keep everything secret, while public individuals can reveal select information that would let them be audited.
A "transparent society" would be nice, but the simple fact is that it would be more open to abuse.  The key insight is that, sure, you have transparency in government and in private life, but the government has every right (by right of eminent domain) to seize any private holding, while private individuals and corporations do not.  And criminals (by right of being illegal anyway, might as well get hung for a sheep as for a lamb) can seize any private holding, too, while law-abiding entities cannot seize from criminals (because they're not thieves, duh).
Privacy --- encryption --- is one of the only few ways that a private entity can protect itself from the excesses of government and the attentions of criminals.
Yes, it makes criminals harder to find.  It also makes potential victims harder to find.  An ounce of prevention outweighs a pound of cure.
This also fails on a technical level.
The amount of data to sift through becomes prohibitive.  Eventually, only large governments and corporations will have the technical ability to store the blockchain.
This means that private individuals with little or no personal power or wealth can be monitored, but have no practical means to monitor the big guys and gals.
This is therefore not a solution at all.
Offchaining, like Lightning does, at least keeps the blockchain small.
@_date: 2019-04-10 03:06:14
Knowledge of private key is enough to modify the transaction.


This is not possible in general.  P2SH cannot specify what address to send to.  It can only specify what data is needed to be known and revealed by somebody in order to authorize a transfer.
What exactly do you want to do?  Perhaps a combination of `nLockTime` and n-of-n signatures is enough to do what you want to do.  What are the constraints you want to impose on the pool operator and on the pool members?  Who controls what?
@_date: 2018-11-24 09:06:55
You can't get more than what *somebody* put in the LN.  Because no inflation.  If you have many people going to put channels to you, you absolutely can get more than what you put in.  Go ask Blockstream how their Lightning-only store is doing.
There are many ways to get incoming capacity.  One way is to use a Lightning-to-onchain swap service to get incoming capacity and redeem your money onchain.
@_date: 2018-11-10 21:56:02
Yah, Lightning just encumbers you but it's still your keys your coins.  Liquid is custodial all the way.
@_date: 2018-11-28 00:04:29


WTF?  No.
1.  We have a working Lightning Network on mainnet now, not a theoretical one on a whitepaper or testnet.
2.  Liquid actually got delivered, late to the party though (Lightning is totally going to eat Liquid's lunch).
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:19:08
No, just loss of interest.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:31:32
Yes.  Those on-chain events are much rarer than actual payments.  Not to mention that they can be aggregated to an extent, improving scaling a little more.
You only need to keep playing until you succeed or die.  Every little bit helps.  Once this little runway built by LN runs out, hopefully we'll have another innovation on top.  Red Queen's Race.
@_date: 2018-11-28 07:43:50
Why? Just switch over to BtcPay, which is open-source and is API-compatible, *and* already supports Lightning *today*.
If they screw up enough, then I agree: they'll be a big catalyst for Lightning adoption because they'll push everyone to BtcPay, which already supports Lightning.
@_date: 2019-01-02 05:59:04


This is inaccurate.  Instead, what happens is this:
1.  I offer you a payment with the condition, that you need to tell me a secret.
2.  You can only learn that secret by forwarding the payment of a slightly smaller amount to another node.
Note that if you stall, you can never learn the secret and the payment times out and reverts to the sender.
No node ever forwards a payment before receiving money.  They always receive money --- encumbered by the condition of requiring that secret --- before they forward money.
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:12:54
Instead of giving a Bloom filter containing your interested addresses to a fullnode, you ask fullnodes for Golomb Coded Sets (basically fuzzy (has some false positives) compact summary lookup tables) containing what transaction outputs or addresses are involved in a block.  You ask around among various fullnodes for the GCS of new blocks, and if the GCS looks like it contains an address you are interested in, or a UTXO which on being spent you need to react to (think Lightning Network punishment cases), you download the entire block (but only the blocks that match, so not a fullnode) from one or more of your fullnode peers.
Bloom filters turn out to leak more information than initially thought.  At least with Neutrino the inversion of the technique prevents any possible leaks (fullnodes compute a fixed GCS for each block and give it to your SPV node, while Bloom filters require your light node compute a Bloom filter for your addresses and give it to fullnodes, eventually leaking your address information once fullnodes collate all the Bloom filters you use).
@_date: 2018-11-27 03:48:37
As I understand it, it's only replay vulnerable if you set yourself up to be vulnerable.
This means you want to use ephemeral keypairs, and never reuse those keypairs outside of the specific single use you want to have `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` for.
For normal HODLing you just use `SIGHASH_ALL`, which is definitely safe.
TLDR: address reuse is bad mkay?
@_date: 2018-11-17 05:39:37
Proof of ticker.
@_date: 2019-01-02 04:56:43
Not in south-east Asia and Australia yet :(
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:51:53
Splicing is being discussed for standardization.  It's not even implemented yet.
Refilling a channel is basically done by paying somebody else onchain to pay you on Lightning.
Unfortunately, it's unsafe for a device that isn't 100% online all the time to receive payments, until watchtowers are implemented.
Mobile devices tend to go offline sometimes, due to the user wandering off outside of the cell network coverage, so for safety, Eclair does not allow receiving of payments on mobile devices.
@_date: 2018-11-15 08:53:58
Well, **I'm** not *really* a core dev, just have ears near them. Maybe someday.
It is also [impossible to prevent softforks]( so CSW is really insane when he says he [wants to permanently disallow softforking of his coin](
@_date: 2018-11-10 21:43:01
LOL at 1.18 BTC in the entire Liquid network.
Lightning is gonna eat Liquid's lunch.
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:29:07
Which you shouldn't do, since LN nodes are hot permanently-online wallets, containing the private keys of each channel's signatures.
Put your net worth on the blockchain layer, put only enough on LN for spending and receiving.
@_date: 2018-11-27 23:46:46
Good point. I'm still trying to process the fact that America isn't real. It makes so much sense...
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:25:48
The most important part of Lightning Network is that it retains greater trustlessness.
At any time, if you decide that some counterparty you have formed a channel with is no longer behaving correctly, and that counterparty has refused to respond to any requests, what are you gonna do?
On Lightning Network, you have a transaction you can broadcast at any time, which will lock your funds for some duration, but will eventually release it to you on the blockchain.
On interledger, you have no such transaction.
If the counterparty is zapped by Lightning (*cough*) you have no recourse, but accept the loss of funds.
Because of this, you can expect Lightning to have more alternate paths (and thus better decentralization), simply because it does not risk loss of your funds to create channels with random anonymous nodes, unlike on networks that sacrifice trustlessness.
@_date: 2017-04-18 06:37:23
Get an account at a peer-to-peer exchange, like [bitsquare.io]( or [localbitcoins.com]( (I prefer the latter because I've used it myself).
Create a paper wallet, such as on [bitcoinpaperwallet]( or [bitaddress](  NOTE: when the page loads, physically disconnect your internet connection: disable Wifi, disconnect cable, turn off internet modem.  Only then generate, then after you have printed the wallet, close the page and reconnect.  Only do this if you are paranoid or running a non-Linux OS.
Buy 1 bitcoin on the exchange.  Prefer a cash deposit, or if you're comfortable with strangers, a face-to-face cash exchange.  Communicate with the seller - you may need to provide identifying information to the seller, and if you're not comfortable doing that, don't buy from them.
Transfer the 1 bitcoin from the exchange to your bitcoin paper wallet.  The paper wallet will have a shared or public key - that's where you send your coins to.  Never share the private or secret key to anyone, and don't take a picture of the private key on your phone.
Keep the paper wallet safe: seal it in a ziploc plastic bag (protect against water), and keep it in the safe where you put all your expensive stuff, like stock certificates and land titles (protect against light, and hopefully fire, since most safes are "fireproof").
Forget about it for 20 years.
@_date: 2018-11-21 23:59:49
You'll need to run a fullnode using [Bitcoin Core](
It requires downloading a 200Gb blockchain after installing it.
This size is growing continuously.
You can run a fullnode in "pruning" mode so you don't have to *store* the blockchain, but you still need to download the 200Gb.
In addition, the fullnode software has to do some verification (to ensure that people aren't trying to cheat you with a faked copy of the blockchain), which also takes CPU resources.
My understanding is that a Raspberry Pi-level computer will take a week or more to do the downloading and verifying.
Sending bitcoins without a third party is always a possibility and is the "ground truth" of Bitcoin.
However the 200Gb initial block download is a massive barrier-to-entry to this ground truth.
Many of the better software and hardware wallets will let you use your fullnode instead of some third-party server.
For example Electrum will let you run an ElectrumX server on top of your fullnode and you can set up your Electrum instance to point to your ElectrumX server.
Trezor wallet can be set to your own fullnode (but you need to run another software too, you'll have to ask Trezor people for help here), or you could have an Electrum wallet (pointed at your ElectrumX server) use a Trezor hardware wallet as signer.
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:32:48
Possibly, I don't really know.  Bitcoin Core devs deprecate bloom filters nowadays.
@_date: 2018-11-15 03:51:04
Right on.  There's a range of optimum settings where you'd get at or near the maximum earnings from routing fees.  Above that you won't get routed through often enough to matter, below that you won't charge per payment enough to matter.
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:22:12
FWIW the choice was between an AMP that required spontaneous payments (i.e. no proof of payment) and an AMP that packaged decorrelation but required a Scriptless Script (i.e. script magic, 2p ECDSA, or Schnorr). Then somebody figured out that just not paying the full amount should be sufficient for recipient to only claim once the entire full amount reached the recipient, ensuring atomicity. So until that was figured out, it wasn't prioritized 
@_date: 2018-11-15 04:03:40
I believe the various software now actively perform probes (basically routing payments to random nodes with random hashes that can't be claimed) in order to detect such old/misbehaving clients.
@_date: 2018-11-13 03:45:41
Opt-in lifting of channel size limit.
@_date: 2018-11-13 00:13:42
Then you are asking people to sacrifice their money for this? This is a cooperation problem analogous to a non-iterated [public goods game](  People will rationally not sacrifice their own money.
@_date: 2019-01-02 08:24:08


This thinking has been abandoned (It's also not *current*; it's from the naive time when Satoshi just wrote the paper and thought `nSequence` was a plausible way to implement payment channels and the `1 RETURN` bug was not yet fixed).  The problem is that we have no good way of listing *all* consensus rules, including consensus rules that happen as a consequence of implementation ("bugs"), and with new additions to Bitcoin occurring every few years, we are adding new consensus rules also, which themselves requires new proof-of-violation to be created.
Some rules might not have an easy proof-of-violation, either.  For example, suppose there is a block where one of the transactions spends a UTXO that has never existed.  This is a proof-of-nonexistence, which tends to require that you... download the entire blockchain and check that no, that UTXO does not exist in any of the previous blocks.  But if you're downloading the entire blockchain, you might as well just be a fullnode.  Now suppose you say, "Oh but we only have to download the full blockchain if somebody says this block has a UTXO that never existed".  Then by tomorrow I write a spamming fullnode that says "this block has a UTXO that never existed! and that block!  also that block! and that block 144 blocks ago!" which means every such "SPV" node is automatically promoted to a fullnode that downloads all the blocks.  So no, such a thing is not possible.
It requires that you are able to write out all the rules, and never change them, meaning you also have to somehow prevent softforks that add new rules, which is in general not possible if alt dev teams make a popular-enough version with a softfork that everyone prefers over your stodgy old rules.  In short, it requires that you be perfect and that all possible extensions and uses of the blockchain have already been known to you.  Which will not happen, because any designer will have limits to their abilities, because they do not possess infinitely rational brains larger than the universe squared.  New rules will be needed later, and you need new ways to have proof-of-violation of new rules, and that means adding more and more to your blockchain.
@_date: 2018-11-03 02:28:24
But Lightning is vaporware!
@_date: 2018-11-12 10:53:21
Well, technically speaking, Schnorr only supports n-of-n multisig.  In combination with Graftroot, though, it can be m-of-n multisig (use n-of-n multisig for the grafting/outright spend key, then sign individual m-of-m scripts for every subset m of the n).
@_date: 2019-01-07 03:51:08
Watchtowers do not get toxic information except in encrypted form.  That's the big advantage with them.  The cute thing is that it is the breach transaction itself which is used as the decryption key.  So unless a breach transaction is published, watchtowers just hold featureless encrypted blobs, which they cannot use at all.  Thus watchtowers have a significant privacy advantage: they cannot even know which channel they are monitoring until it is breached.
In order to incentivize proper watchtower behavior, the ***only*** way to get paid is for watchtowers to handle breach transactions correctly.  Suppose you want to hire a watchtower.  To both pay for this, and determine if the watchtower is honest, you simulate a breach by pretending to create some random channel (which in actuality you control completely) and simulate breach and justice transactions.  If the watchtower does justice correctly then it gets paid and you have already paid them and now you know they are likely to work correctly in the future.  If they don't then the watchtower is worthless but also doesn't get paid and since you control the "channel" completely you can just re-deposit the funds elsewhere.
@_date: 2018-02-13 10:01:58
Negative fees are currently not implemented and there is some pushback against this idea by some LN developers (especially since if you find a cycle involving negative fees you could loop the payment multiple times through that hop to offset your fees even more).
@_date: 2018-02-14 02:42:12


Bitcoin layer is not debt-based and you cannot validly write a negative amount (i.e. debt).


If ledger checkers == miners, not quite.  The entire group still checks each transaction and ensures there is no double-spending, however miners are the ones who have the capability of *writing* new, verified entries in the ledger.
@_date: 2019-01-06 11:18:32
You close one of the channels onto the factory, splitting it up into separate addresses at that level, but without requiring anything to happen at the blockchain layer. 
But note that the channel factory level does require everyone to be online at once, you should wait until everyone is online and then just reorganize channels. It's possible for one participant to unilaterally close the channel factory in case it suspects one or more of the other participants will be offline too long, but this involves larger transactions.
It's also possible for a subset of factory participants to gather their channel funds to form a sub-factory that only includes that subset, without closing the initial factory. This can be used to reorganize channels while some participants are offline.
@_date: 2019-10-08 09:23:45
See also: 
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:06:42
The seed words are kept safe by keeping them closed in a locked safe and never letting them be seen.
Carrying it around with you is like carrying the money around with you in your wallet.
You would not do that with cash.
The words ***are*** the wallet.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:21:05
Offchain cryptokitties.
@_date: 2018-11-13 03:45:08
Click the twitter link.  It has a link to a mailinglist post: 
That post also has a link containing everything in detail: 
@_date: 2018-11-10 21:51:00
Is that the coin where P2PKH is deprecated and everything has to be in P2SH and softforks have to be done weekly?
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:21:32
Depends on what exactly you mean.
In general by "2nd layer" we mean use of offchain techniques that depend on a blockchain, but do not require every update to be done at the blockchain level.
If you squint, a federated sidechain could be considered a 2nd layer.  But a federated sidechain requires trust in the federation.  A federated sidechain could use MimbleWimble.  Alternatively, some trusted federation could use confidential assets on an independent MimbleWimble blockchain (e.g. Grin) and promise to redeem Bitcoin blockchain assets for those (i.e. convert it to a federated sidechain from the point-of-view of a Bitcoin user).
But if an extension block were added to Bitcoin that implemented MimbleWimble on that block (unfortunately you cannot hardfork this in, since MimbleWimble completely removes SCRIPT, thus existing P2SH and P2WSH would not be portable into MimbleWimble), then it would have its rules imposed at every block in Bitcoin layer, and thus would be layer 1, not layer 2 solution.  In particular, fullnodes will now need to understand MimbleWimble and download both legacy Bitcoin and MimbleWimble data.
@_date: 2018-11-12 01:48:09
MimbleWimble can be added via extension blocks as a softfork.  Granted extension blocks are effectively mergemined sidechains whose rules are validated by every mainchain node, but still: it can be added today if somebody writes up spec and code and convinces everyone to add it to Core.
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:14:54
Get a Trezor or Ledger direct from their site.
Both devices will tell you to write down a few dozen words in a piece of paper that's included in the package.
Keep the paper with those words safe and treat them as containing all of the money that is on the device.
The paper is a backup.
1.  Do not keep the paper and the device in the same place.
2.  Do not carry around the paper with you unless you are moving house.
3.  Do not carry around the device with you unless you are moving house.
4.  Anyone who can make a digital copy of the paper and its words can take your money.
@_date: 2019-01-18 08:46:45
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:24:46
Pester Ledger.  Consider it a breaking bug that will prevent you from using Ledger as cold storage, since there is no way to transfer to native bech32.  It's possible to send directly from P2SH to bech32, Ledger just hasn't implemented it.
@_date: 2019-01-04 04:05:06


That's the problem.  We already have mechanism that has strict rules, so what does your proposal improve?  Nothing at all.
@_date: 2018-11-09 12:21:22
Dorian may not be THE Satoshi, but he is definitely A Satoshi.
@_date: 2018-11-27 23:55:02
The risk is buggy software not saving its state properly if you reboot at random, but if you properly shut down the Ln software before rebooting, and there are no other startup or shutdown related bugs in the software, you should be fine in theory.  It's the bugs that'll get you, not your channel counterparties.
@_date: 2019-01-15 05:41:04
1.  Yes.
2.  They can't determine *who* you are paying to, or even if *you* are paying or you are just forwarding somebody else's payment via that channel.
The latter is important.  Either they don't like you at all and just plain don't accept *any* forwarding or payment attempts (in which case why'd they let you make a channel with them in the first place?), or they don't really care and can't really determine who you are paying or even if *you* are paying or just forwarding and they'll just take whatever fees they get from forwarding your payments.
@_date: 2018-11-28 01:00:46
Should be okay, since a good part of the LN spec design is about when to sync to disk relative to sending messages to the counterparty, and c-lightning follows that.  However, again, bugs may still exist.
@_date: 2019-01-05 05:10:47
Let's say I have 3 BTC and you have 2 BTC. Then we Coinjoin. That results in me getting 3BTC and you getting 2BTC, so the CoinJoin exercise is futile, right?
But suppose instead that what we do is that I make 3 addresses and you make 2 addresses. Then our CoinJoin will put 1BTC in each address. Assuming we used enough entropy to select the addresses, then it is impossible for anyone else to know precisely which 2 of the 5 addresses are yours and which 3 are mine.
Another way to break analysis is to combine a CoinJoin with a payment. Since I taught you about how practical CoinJoin works, you now owe me 0.5BTC. Instead of you making by yourself a transaction that spends your 2BTC and giving me 0.5BTC and returning 1.5BTC in change to you, we instead coordinate. We make a transaction that spends my 3BTC and your 2BTC, then sends 3.5BTC to me and 1.5BTC to you. This makes third parties monitoring us have a harder job: maybe I actually owned 5 BTC in two different addresses and sent 3.5BTC to you.
@_date: 2019-01-16 07:34:45
Try closing a channel on Raspiblitz and connecting directly to the Bluewallet node?
@_date: 2018-11-27 23:48:27
Truman show == Trump show
@_date: 2019-01-17 05:47:10
1.  The most important: **somebody implementing it**
2.  Zero-knowledge conditional payments, either HTLCs, or 2p-ECDSA, Schnorr, enforced R reuse, or certain kinds of script magic in combination with timelocks.  Note that SCRIPT itself is not needed; in theory either ECDSA (using 2p-ECDSA) or Schnorr in combination with some kind of timelock could be enough (so in theory if signatures on a MimbleWimble chain commit to a minimum time that they can appear onchain, that MimbleWimble chain *could* theoretically support LN even though MW can't have SCRIPT).
2.  Enforceable relative locktimes (with enforcement specified on outputs), at least if we're using Poon-Dryja channels.  Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") will require something like enforceable sequence numbers, which on Bitcoin is done by allowing re-anchoring and abusing CLTV and `nLockTime`.
3.  Transaction malleability fix (for single-funded channel creation).
4.  If you need dual-funded channel creation (which current LN spec doesn't have yet anyway) then you need something stronger than transaction malleability: the ability to create and sign a transaction that spends a currently-unsigned transaction.  The latter is what SegWit supports (as a side effect, this ability also implies fixing of transaction malleability, in the sense that changing the signature on a transaction will not invalidate a later spending transaction that was already signed).
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:38:29
You can absolutely go back to bitcoin.  Possibly with a day or two of delay, but often immediately.
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:00:45
I believe proof-of-reserves was used to name a slightly different algorithm similar to your proposal with insufficient privacy, so newer "proof of assets" and "proof of solvency" algorithms were made.  I believe "proof of solvency" is considered the state-of-the-art in solving the "MtGox problem", but I am not certain about this.
@_date: 2018-11-10 21:53:28
POS is simply insecure, when the stake is measured inside the system that is being secured.  If the stake was outside the system being secured, that's safe.  And in the end, POW is exactly that: ultimately you are depending on actual physics to secure the virtual world of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:43:29
No, but each update takes at least 1 message exchange, each exchange is 2 messages (one from the me, one from the other).  A simple payment is two updates (one update offers the HTLC, the other update claims it), so you have 4 messages back and forth.  If both source and destination are in Australia but have to communicate with intermediate nodes outside of Australia, that's 8 messages' worth of latency.  That's not counting the latency between the intermediate nodes either; they're not as bad as Australia to the rest of the world, but they're nonzero too.
Maybe 800ms ping is enough for a LN payment to take 5 seconds.  5 seconds is still much better than Bitcoin, or even Liquid or Ethereum.
@_date: 2019-01-18 10:38:06
This suggests to me that Satoshi may be a closely-knit team, which increases the probability that at least one of them realized that the problem they were solving could lead to being hunted by states.
@_date: 2018-02-13 09:48:02
It stopped *Covert* ASICBOOST, not ASIC mining (and not Overt ASICBOOST, for that matter).
It enables easier future upgrades on scripting languages.
It enables safe use of certain patterns that would be unsafe without a malleability fix.
@_date: 2019-01-02 04:58:34
SPV security is less secure than fullnode security, as it means that it follows miners blindly without knowing if miners are using the correct chain.
It's the SPV problem that makes miners think they have more control than they really do over the network.  Only on a network that is widely SPV can miners have greater power than everyone else.
@_date: 2019-01-05 09:39:14
Re: channel factories
A channel is really just a cryptocurrency system, just like a blockchain.
A blockchain records transactions, which changes the state of the BTC universe. So for example now I have 5 BTC. I owe you 1 BTC. So I make a transaction. After the transaction is recorded on the blockchain ("confirmed") the BTC universe now has "almkglor: 4 BTC, pjohnsilver: 1BTC".
A channel is very much the same, except:
1. It must depend on some other, external cryptocurrency system. Blockchains based on proof-of-work are also dependent on an external system, which we usually call " the real wotld" or "physics", but channels depend on an existing cryptosystem.
2. Only the participants in the channel can safely HODL money in it. That's because on the outer cryptosystem (usually the blockchain) the owners of the funds are the signatories of the channel, i.e. the participants of the channel.
3. Every participant in the channel needs to be online to update it. This is because they are the signatories to every state update. If one of them is offline, then the state cannot change. Either everyone else waits for them to come online, or somebody unilaterally closes the channel and collapses back to the outer cryptosystem.
The last point is why channels are only 2 participants; if there were more, it would be more likely one of them is offline.
Now from the point of view of the blockchain, the channel is just an n-of-n multisig address. Nothing special, which is the whole point: all the specialness is kept ***off***chain.
So at the blockchain level if we had a 5 BTC channel I originally made to you, the blockchain would see "almkglor+pjohnsmith: 5BTC". But the two of us would know that the channel cryptosystem has the state "almkglor: 5BTC, pjohnsmith: 0BTC".
Now if I wanted to pay 1BTC to you, and we could agree that the new state is now "almkglor: 4BTC, pjohnsmith: 1BTC". But the blockchain layer wouldn't know about it: all it would see would be "almkglor+pjohnsmith: 5BTC".
The above is bog standard micropayment channels. Now I heard you like channels, so I put channels in your channels so you can offchain while offchain.
The key insight is that the channel does not need a "other, external cryptocurrency system" that is a blockchain. The outer cryptosystem can be anything that lets you assign money to pubkeys. And in the end, a channel itself just a cryptosystem that splits a fund among the pubkeys of its participants.
Let me pull in my friend Now suppose instead of making a channel with him and a channel with you separately, I use some new thing called a channel factory.
Suppose I want to make a 5BTC channel to you and a 7 BTC channel to renepickhardt, but with factories.
On the blockchain layer, all we put is "almkglor+pjohnsmith+renepickhardt: 12BTC".
Then we have a cryptosystem rooted from that, which contains the state: "almkglor+pjohnsmith: 5BTC, almkglor+renepickhardt: 7BTC". This cryptosystem is the channel factory, and each of the addresses it holds represents a channel.
Then we have two more cryptosystems. One takes the almkglor+pjohnsmith address and starts at the state "almkglor: 5BTC, pjohnsmith: 0BTC". The other takes the almkglor+renepickhardt address and starts at the state "almkglor: 7BTC, renepickhardt: 0BTC".
All of that setup requires all three of us to be online.
Now suppose I decide to pay you 1BTC. Both of us are online but renepickhardt isn't. Not a problem! Our almkglor+pjohnsmith channel requires only the two of us to sign off on state updates. The state update doesn't need to affect the channel factory cryptosystem. We don't need renepickhardt to know about transactions between us two.
But notice the advantage here. A single blockchain-level address now hosts 2 channels. Without the channel factory,  each channel would have required its own blockchain address. This compresses the space needed onchain, and is the main win for channel factories.
If the channel factory had more participants, then we could have a single blockchain address host dozens of channels. That is an order of magnitude improvement in blockchain space usage! Hence, channel factories are win.
@_date: 2018-11-21 23:50:24
There are two ways to speed up tx confirmation.  RBF and CPFP.
In RBF (replace by fee) the sender recreates the transaction with a higher feerate.
In CPFP (child pays for parent) the receiver attaches a new transaction with a fee that pays for the new transaction and for the source transaction (child pays for parent), possibly also utilizing RBF on the new transaction.
Both parts are needed so that both sender and receiver have the option to get the tx confirmed.
@_date: 2018-11-03 02:32:40
No way ***N***ick ***S***zabo is ***S***atoshi ***N***akamoto, the letters are completely different, stop lying!
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:25:36
Well keeping track of the issues list, there's a sudden bump in issues across all 3 impls reported after store.blockstream.com went online.
My favorite was a c-lightning incompatibility with itself. Lightning uses millisatoshi, and rounds down on closing. C-lightning rounded down for its own side but accidentally rounded *up* for the other side. Two c-lightning nodes talking to each other would be unable to agree on closing because thet were misassigning too much to the other node. It was never caught on testnet because everyone was using nice round numbers which ended up having an exact satoshi value and never had to do rounding. Only caught on mainnet because Blockstream was charging USD and the conversion had random digits in the millisatoshi range, requiring rounding on closing.
@_date: 2019-01-07 23:45:34
Thing is, deluxe fridges are deluxe because they have large capacity and dual doors and don't hve to open to get water and etc. etc. They're not deluxe because they have 32gb that's otherwise not used; simple economics means either the bosses will tell the designers to find *some* use for that 32gb that will increase sales by at least 5%, or take it out because the 1gb chips are cheaper.  You want large-capacity permanent storage, you buy it as bulk devices with terabytes of permanent storage.
@_date: 2019-01-10 06:06:57
Because you're buying with centralized fiat. Work for Bitcoins and you don't have to deal with that.
@_date: 2018-02-13 09:20:35
It *could* eventually become a probabilistic thing.  Currently it is not, because the devs are too busy making things work.  Currently, it is only a convention and nodes will do unilateral closes of the channel if they disagree with the correct rounding.
@_date: 2019-01-21 09:29:02
BlueWallet is custodial, i.e. trusted third party.  In security, "trusted" means "is vulnerable to".  So your funds are vulnerable to the BlueWallet custodian.
One day BlueWallet *might* disappear and never respond ever again.  Or they might not --- they might be trustworthy.  But that's for you to decide.
One very important thing about Lightning is that it retains your keys your coins, since it's your keys that indicate whether or not you agree to a change in your balance in a channel.  SPV and 0-conf don't secure that level of security --- SPV is particularly vulnerable to 51% inflation attacks and 0-conf is vulnerable to transaction replacement (and disabling opt-in RBF is not a perfect defense --- miners are economically incentivized to ignore opt-in RBF and always apply RBF rules whether or not it was opted in).  Using BlueWallet erodes your security to *less* than SPV and 0-conf --- trusted third party can run away with your funds if they believe they can get away with it.
@_date: 2018-11-12 00:48:00
Liquid Confidential transactions == Lightning onion routing
Liquid Confidential assets == [Lightning RGB colored coins]( (granted that's a work-in-progress)
Liquid high-value transfers == Lightning atomic multipath payments
Liquid 2-minute settlement-on-Liquid == Lightning payment finalization in milliseconds
Liquid 2-way peg == Lightning onchain-backed channels
Lightning can do everything Liquid can, but better.
@_date: 2018-11-23 10:34:28
@_date: 2019-01-03 01:31:42
Like the other guy said, the dog wags the tail, the tail doesn't wag the dog.
@_date: 2019-01-19 17:17:26
I thought the math of MW supports CA implicitly? As I understand it if the MW has a native token, MW uses Pedersen commitments `(k * G) + (x * H)` where `k` is the spending secret and `x` is the amount of the native token, and it is (supposedly) unknown what `G / H` is.  I could generate my own "asset secret" `a` and define an asset point `A = a * G + 1 * H`.  If I want to make 10 assets, I get 10 native coins i own `(k * G) + (10 * H)` and figure out `k - (10 * a)` (which is easy since I know my spending secret `k` and my asset secret `a`) and then I present my UTXO as `((k - (10 * a)) * G) + (10 * A)` which is also `((k - (10 * a)) * G) + (10 * ((a * G) + 1 * H)))`.  Thus I get CA "for free".
At least that's how I understand it, unless something about the rangeproofs prevents this?
@_date: 2019-01-11 05:12:44
Like Tether. Yes, supposedly like that.
@_date: 2018-02-12 04:13:24
You need to set it up. For bitcoind look at instructions in Bitcoin Wiki. For other software, go pester the makers of the software.
@_date: 2019-01-13 23:01:10
Yes, but not in the way you'd expect.
@_date: 2019-01-16 04:40:46
`SIGHASH_NOINPUT` allows you to create a signature for a transaction, then you can change the inputs of the transaction *after* signing it and the signature still remains valid.
For Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") it's needed so that any later update can spend the output of any earlier update, to ensure that the latest validly-signed update is what will end up on the tip of the spending graph and thus will be the only update that will "solidify" onchain.
@_date: 2019-01-05 05:52:37
***sigh*** why would anyone implement this when Watchtowers will give comparable security without a base layer change or privavy loss, and with actual incentives for correct behavior?
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:52:19
Much of the hype around IoT is lots of promises without any technical backing.  Heck much of the hype around blockchain is promises without any technical backing.
I remember a remarkable aphorism in the cryptographer community.  Someone was claiming the invention of something called "Smart Water", which you would paint on things you own.  If somebody stole them, you had proof that you owned the items and any investigators only needed to confirm that your smart water was painted on them.  It would revolutionize human morality forever: nobody would ever steal anything.
A passing cryptographer, overhearing this, said "So if I paint my smart water on your stuff, and call the cops, I get to keep your stuff?"
Reference: 
The RFID chips on WALTONCHAIN sound an awful lot like that Smart Water.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:40:11
So that Bitcoin would truly have no center, and develop without a god to stifle its potential.
Satoshi is dead, may he remain dead forevermore.
@_date: 2019-01-15 04:14:16
LOL 
@_date: 2019-01-19 07:22:23
In theory since MimbleWimble supports Confidential Assets out-of-the-box, a trusted third party can issue tokens on any MimbleWimble blockchain, that in theory you can ask them to redeem for equivalent Bitcoins on the actual Bitcoin blockchain, which handles many of the functionalities of sidechains. Of course that's trusted third party, i.e. MtGox.
Also in theory, it would be possible for a Bitcoin soft fork to add an extension block with MimbleWimble format and a fullnode-verified peg between both main Bitcoin and the MimbleWimble extension, although some Core engineers don't like doing extension blocks. I'm not sure why. Maybe et al could clarify.
@_date: 2019-01-14 08:23:37
One can argue that all you really need is a way to say "I will pay you N satoshi if you will perform action A", and that nearly every real-world contract is basically that.
Thus, what you really need is to leverage the HTLC "I will pay you N assets if you will provide preimage to hash H" and the fact that such an HTLC is composable, and construct what you want in the contract.
For example, 
In that example, a vending machine implements the contract "I will release 1 product if you will provide preimage to hash H", and then tells you that you can learn that preimage by paying a specific node via an LN invoice payment.
That is the basis of a simple contract already, i.e. pay-for-vending-machine-product.
Of course, it requires trust that the vending machine works correctly.  That's what you would normally need proofs for, but for vending machines selling items that are less than five dollars apiece you probably wouldn't worry too much.
Now if you want something that *extends* the current bitcoin script, well, you actually can't.  While you can actually host any contract inside a channel (although since most contracts are not composable across channels you probably need a direct channel for most contracts), all those contracts must be implementable as a Bitcoin SCRIPT somehow.
In theory you could have some kind of smart contract language defined off-chain, then simply require that both parties of the channel agree on how to change channel state depending on how the smart contract executes.  Then both sign the new update based on whether the update is a faithful execution of the contract.  The problem is if the contract could potentially define a "winner" or "loser".  If so, the loser might prefer to pretend to be offline instead of signing the update that cements their loserness.  Thus, the correct implementation is to define a smart contract language that can somehow be mapped to a Bitcoin SCRIPT, update the state offchain to pay to that contract, and then execute the smart contract and update the state offchain depending on the result of the smart contract execution.  Then if one side refuses to update you can always fall back on the blockchain level to impose the conditions of the contract.
Now Bitcoin SCRIPT is anemic, but it's useful to remember that under Post's theorem an anemic language (read: non Turing-complete) can be used to verify the execution of a more powerful language (read: Turing-complete).  Blockstream's Simplicity will use its own scripting language to define such a non-Turing-complete language that is just powerful enough to prove the faithful execution of a Turing-complete one, but as I understand it, a good part of Simplicity can be implemented as a MAST of different Bitcoin SCRIPT executions of the Simplicity expression.
So the simple answer is: no.
The complex answer is: no, but the way things will be done will surprise you and you will have to rethink your assumptions.
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:59:17
Channel factories are likely to get one order of magnitude. Just need another order of magnitude.
Link to a comment of mine explaining it. 
@_date: 2019-01-13 23:06:22
Block frequency and block size increases are the same and have roughly the same effect. Arguably block frequency increase is worse since unavoidable overhead exists in each block (block header, coinbase).
@_date: 2018-02-12 09:43:27
And HTTPS
@_date: 2018-02-12 06:05:54
"Craig S. Wright is the real Satoshi.  Also, forget BTC, use ETH instead. Also I solved the discrete log problem but the solution is too large to fit in this message."
Then buy BTC after it crashes.
@_date: 2019-01-16 04:37:28
Communication on the Internet is async because there are servers that are up 24/7 that cache the communications for you.  Mailservers to chatservers are all up 24/7, or nearly so, in order for async communications to happen.
The same will have to be the case for moneyservers like you would build in LN.  That means having your own moneyserver on hardware you have at home, exposed on a .onion so it can be contacted no matter how many layers of NAT your ISP gives you.
@_date: 2019-01-17 11:09:19
You only need to download the entire chain from genesis to determine correctness (which you can't do with current blockstream satellite since you can only download the most recent 144 blocks).
Now you might worry about censorship attacks, which requires that you connect to multiple nodes and hope they aren't all sybils.  Downloading only from blockstream satellite is equivalent to connecting to only one node.  But in any case, once you have a header chain that is longer than what blockstream satellite gives to you, then you have proof that blockstream is censoring (everybody in a region).
@_date: 2018-11-15 05:14:55
The difference is that this is a hardfork.  Hardforks can't get wiped out, unlike the legacy chainsplit of a softfork.  In order to 51% attack, CSW has to have at least 66% of the available hashpower *at all times*, so a mercenary pool could let the attacked chain survive somehow, as long as the mercenaries don't jump ship too soon.
See, this is why softforks are king, wipeouts of legacy chains are automatic for softforks, they aren't for hardforks.
@_date: 2019-01-09 03:01:31
Regular people tend to buy things like Casa fullnode+LN devices to run fullnodes anyway.
@_date: 2018-11-18 22:33:40
Not quite, I think.  Uncle blocks increase inflation since miners of uncles are paid the mining subsidy.  Bitcoin will not willingly change its inflation rate.
Note that a selfish miner can gather enough power to 51% attack, at about 33% total hashpower, which allows censorship, including censorship of blocks they have orphaned, nullifying this mitigation. Bitcoin uses various heuristics to increase the threshold needed, but it's still less than 51% I think. Maybe the real Core guys like etc. can explain better about this.
@_date: 2019-01-08 08:48:12
Well if we are forced to use "block-size increase in all but name" drivechains, or formal block size increases, we can expect degradation in decentralization until technology catches up.  But we might eventually meet physical limits and tech might never catch up, which is why block size increases should be done reluctantly.
If we are forced to use custodial ("federated") sidechains then we can expect degradation in trustlessness.  Indeed the central insight of Lightning Network is that you don't need a large federation between big companies, at least some of which you trust; instead, what you need is a small federation that includes yourself, and you can automatically trust yourself unless you are insane.
I don't know yet what the next step will be.  If we don't find something soon (in a few years), we'll be forced to sacrifice decentralization or trustlessness eventually.
@_date: 2019-01-17 05:41:00
If Tyrannia is still connected on the Internet, Tor with a corresponding steganography (which is being worked on so that China can use Tor, for example) can in theory be used to access public onion Bitcoin nodes with the Lord Protector none the wiser.
@_date: 2017-09-12 23:23:31


LOL.  Money remittances are already done via Bitcoin.  I recently bought bitcoin from a local company, Easy Padala, for example: they set up shops abroad, accept abroad fiat, convert to BTC, send here, find BTC buyer here (e.g. me), and release local fiat.
@_date: 2017-09-19 08:59:55
We'll see: someone has already implemented 2X, and Core developers have consistently stated their opposition to it.
Core is generally considered to be the maintainers of the "true" reference client, so there will be those who will stick with Core simply because it is Core.
For the most part, Core is moving btc1 (the 2X client) clients off to their own network.  This is necessary for 2X as otherwise, a btc1 client may find itself in the middle of a sea of Core nodes, unable to receive a block it would consider valid, and having 2X split off into multiple divergent chain splits (since the btc1 nodes are unable to talk to each other).  Core is confident that it will have the continued backing of Bitcoin fullnodes regardless (and the fullnode statistics agree with this).
Many Core supporters have precommitted to selling 2X coins and buying bitcoin in the time of split.  If this is precommitted to by enough individuals (i.e. an economic majority) it will crash the price of 2X coins and greatly boost the price of bitcoin, enticing miners with low profit margins to switch to the Bitcoin network and leave 2X.
@_date: 2019-01-09 03:49:51
That's really funny, because the social policies of the left are nearer to socialism and communism.
@_date: 2018-11-29 02:07:43
Number of fullnodes has been going down.
Cost of hard drive and memory has not been going down much.
Note that the blocksize indicates the rate-of-growth of the blockchain, unless you're using MimbleWimble (which would break completely with infinite inflation in case of quantum breakthrough).  So if the cost of hard drives goes down by a constant % each year, your blocksize has to be constant also.
You are also neglecting global broadcast of each and every transaction, which is a thornier problem.
@_date: 2019-01-14 03:57:50
You build contracts out of contingent payments (i.e. you set up "I will provide a 32-byte secret, if and only if you pay N millisatoshis to me").  Then you have to provide some proof to the payer that the 32-byte secret is valuable.  These are the two base primitives you have to build any smart contract you may need.
For example, consider WannaCry.  The concept is simple: there is some valuable data and the payer has this data in encrypted form.  The WannaCry service provider knows the decryption key.  It provides some proof (probably using zk-SNARKs or other general zero-knowledge-proof system) that the decryption of the data yields data with some properties, e.g. contains data that used to be on your disk before WannaCry deleted it.  Payer checks this proof, and once it is satisfied with this proof, pays to get the decryption key (the 32-byte secret that decrypts the rest of the data).
The same can be used for streaming movies, or for pictures.  For example, a movie might be provided as a set of thumbnails.  The data is delivered to you encrypted, together with a proof that the decryption yields a movie which, when thumbnails are extracted, are the thumbnails originally shown to you.  You then pay for the decryption key to watch the movie.
So it really depends.  What do you mean by "complex smart contract"?  Or instead: what *do* you want to do, other than provide a *platform*?
@_date: 2019-01-02 06:06:05
Yes, that would be a better wording.
@_date: 2017-09-20 06:36:45
We could equivocate them as roughly "the same", but fundamentally speaking, silver's properties are fixed: we might have a new or better understanding of its properties, but once we know them, they cannot be changed.  For Bitcoin, some properties are fixed (due to real-world limits: hence the reason why the block size is not likely to rise significantly in the future) but some properties may be modifiable.
However, if we accept this as "roughly equivalent", then we should consider that:
1.  Silver has been studied and used by large sections of the human population for millenia.
2.  Bitcoin has been studied and used by a relatively tiny portion of the human population for the past 8 years.
Now consider: what is more likely to yield some surprising new use: something that has been studied for millenia, or something that has been studied for 8 years?  Is a field that has been traversed for millenia likely to yield some new discovery, versus an entirely new field that has only been studied for 8 years?
In addition, if we need something that is just slightly outside of silver's properties, we really can't use silver very efficiently.  Whereas if something is just slightly outside of Bitcoin's properties, there is at least a chance that a clever developer can figure out how to safely modify Bitcoin's properties to match what we need more precisely.
@_date: 2019-01-07 12:31:23


Because I told you an oversimplification.
The blob is encrypted with the txid of a revoked transaction.  A txid is 32 bytes or 256 bits.
What the watchtower actually receives is `(txid[0:15], encrypt(txid, blob))`.  i.e. the `txid[0:15]` means "the first 16 bytes of txid, so the watchtower knows the first 16 bytes of the txid of the breach transaction.
It will still take longer than the universe's life to iterate over the possible values of the last 16 bytes to decrypt the blob, so security is still retained and watchtowers still cannot break privacy.
So the watchtower loop is effectively:
1.  For each block:
    1.  For each transaction in block:
        1.  Get txid of transaction
        2.  If `txid[0:15]` matches that of any encrypted blob, decrypt it and check if it's a valid blob and we can earn money by claiming it.


You're completely misunderstanding how watchtowers under Poon-Dryja work.  They don't broadcast channel states.  They broadcast *revocations* of old channel state.  Under Poon-Dryja, once an old state has been confirmed, newer and older states can no longer be broadcast: it's too late.  Instead, what *can* be broadcast is a revocation transaction that claims the entire amount and awards it to the party being breached, or with watchtowers, the party being breached plus the watchtower.  Only the newest state cannot be revoked under Poon-Dryja.
In fact, the encrypted blob largely contains just the revocation transaction.


You do realize that the same problem exists under your blacklisting proposal right?  Except every fullnode needs to do this for every channel in the world instead of only just a bunch of *paid* watchtowers doing this for some subset of channels each.
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:41:55
Coins pegged to classic fiat.
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:25:30
The major problem is that large blocks take time to transmit and verify, and require larger bandwidth and data caps.
Before Bitcoin Relay Network and its successor FIBRE, 300k blocks were already causing pools to merge due to the slowness of typical block transmission in the base Bitcoin protocol. Bitcoin Relay Network kicked that can down the road, making 1Mb blocks workable. FIBRE can handle just a bit less than 4Mb (i.e. the maximum SegWit will make).
FIBRE was supposed to be financially supported by a consortium of businesses (including Bitmain), but Matt Corallo got tired of reminding them each quarter to pay up and is now the sole guy paying for and running FIBRE. If FIBRE falls, small mining pools and solo miners will be edged out of Bitcoin mining. Increasing block size risks FIBRE not being able to handle the load and effectively failing.
@_date: 2017-09-07 10:11:50
More nonbinary gender pronouns please!
@_date: 2017-09-09 11:02:03
Assuming you mean, send from a SegWit UTXO to a non-SegWit address, yes.
Backwards compatible softforks, that's why SegWit code was so complex.
@_date: 2019-01-06 11:42:41
Mechanisms for these have been in development since the MtGox disaster.
No exchange has ever implemented this.
Just keep your money off exchanges.
@_date: 2019-01-07 15:45:32
Did you know that the Internet you use everyday today was invented in the 1970s?  Do you think 1970s was too early?  Almost nobody back then had a computer at home, their most sophisticated piece of electronics was a black and white TV.
If anything, Bitcoin has been too *late*, not too early.  It points to the sheer difficulty of solving the Byzantine Generals problem, and why digicash and bitgold failed.
@_date: 2019-01-07 05:06:04
 for my explanation of channel factories.
It would be possible for a bunch of newborn earthlings to gather together and create a single channel factory with themselves and a few existing earthlings to connect them to the wider network.  That single factory represents multiple channels anchored from a single onchain transaction.
@_date: 2017-09-14 04:44:15
You haven't been paying attention to the technology underlying Bitcoin.
1.  SegWit managed to get activated last August.  It features a (reasonably safe) blocksize increase, a bugfix for a difficult long-standing bug, and an incentive to reduce the UTXO set (a large database that takes up quite a bit of disk space and accessing) of each node.
2.  Lightning Network, which requires SegWit, is now being developed, and is expected to deploy anywhere within a few weeks to a few months.
3.  MAST is being seriously discussed and planned for deployment within the year, which will help increase the use of more complex payment contracts (and make higher layers like Lightning more efficient in terms of block space needed).
4.  Another improvement in the pipeline, Schnorr signatures make large signatory groups as cheap in transaction space as a 1-of-1 signature.  Work is being started to let us do signature aggregation across transactions, reducing the block space of a group of unrelated transactions that happen to use Schnorr.
5.  Before, the developments above (Lightning, MAST, Schnorr) were in a half-frozen state due to SegWit not getting activated.  It's possible that the sudden rise recently after SegWit activation is due to price suppression, not a bubble, from the lack of resolution to SegWit.  Now that SegWit is activated, technical improvements in the pipeline are on track for deployment again.
6.  All the above improvements are primarily about increasing transaction rate.  Bitcoin is preparing to handle higher transactions rates while retaining its compact block size and decentralization.
That's the tech behind Bitcon.  On the adoption front:
1.  Half-baked "ETF" like GBTC are effectively already trading at a premium compared to exchanges.  It is highly likely that institutional investors want BTC, but need better protections or features than what current exchanges can offer (suggesting a potential place for new market entrants into the Bitcoin space).  Or it may be speculation, though.
2.  Some more "real" ETF's (i.e. ones which can actually be exchanged for their underlying backed assets) are already in the pipeline for approval.
3.  Lightning may help improve the ease with which an online store can accept Bitcoin.  It might not  though, so relatively weak.
4.  Russian and Japanese companies have announced intent to launch Bitcoin mines, suggesting that adoption is pretty widespread.
@_date: 2018-11-13 03:28:31
No.  Again, Satoshi's million will affect everyone, not just "world leaders" (who probably have other assets, such as ***control of land*** and ***guns***, which they would not lose despite Satoshi's million).  Some nations will be relatively protected from wars (Switzerland, classically; tiny nations that are off the main theaters of war, like much of South America in WW1 and WW2) but would be equally damaged by Satoshi's million.  They won't cooperate to prevent a war, especially if the war is far from them.
Satoshi's million is a lot, but always remember the slaying of the bearwhale.
It won't work, sorry.
@_date: 2019-01-13 23:12:59


The higher the onchain fees, the more willing people will be to "split the rent" so to speak.


3 people can form 3 channels between them. 4 people can form 6 channels. 5 people can form 10. 6 people can form 15. Basically for `n` participants you can form `((n - 1) * n) / 2` channels. Even for a reasonable participant set of 5 people you get 10  channels from a single onchain UTXO. That's an order of magnitude.
@_date: 2018-11-12 10:47:48
There aren't, really.  Softforks have the very good property that, if the legacy side of the fork has little hashpower, that side will die off inevitably, keeping the network unified in that case.  For hardforks, the legacy side can sustain itself forever; xref. ETC vs. ETH.  Hence, it is considered better to use softforks for all upgrades.
@_date: 2019-01-16 07:40:38
What do you mean?
There are 4 LN implementations that (try to) follow the BOLT spec (lnd, c-lightning, eclair, ptarmigan) and a 5th that's off doing its own thing (lit).
All of them have large warnings about it being beta-level software, you can lose your funds, it would be reckless to run these on mainnet.


What?  How?  The "time" that LN uses is the Bitcoin blockheight.  You're saying somebody 51% attacked the Bitcoin network to make it fool around with the blockheight.  Good luck with that.
What do you mean "ALL"? As in every fund on every LN node?  Unless there's a privkey breach on *all* LN implementations, that won't happen.  Each impl takes very special care of privkeys; for example c-lightning isolates the privkey off to a separate process from the main process and the processes that talk with other nodes, so that it becomes extra-hard to get at the privkeys even in the event of a breach at the other processes.
@_date: 2019-01-06 11:49:07
This shit has been developed since MtGox, what incompetents do you have not knowing this?
@_date: 2019-01-01 06:47:10


You're off by at least an order of magnitude.
 Every channel forward or payment makes 2 state updates: one to offer an HTLC, another to accept it and release a hash. 
Every LN transaction has one or more hops it goes through, which is the whole point of making it a network anyway. So maybe 5 hops each payment. This affects every channel on the route, so each one needs to send blacklists of the stale state updates.
That's when a payment attempt succeeds. If the payment fails, the payer needs to reattempt. Say 2 attempts for each successful payment.
So you're off by an order of magnitude.
Futher, this affects every fullnode. No, you can't punt here and say that not all fullnodes need to know the entire blacklist set. That degrades your security to SPV since you now have to trust that miners are validating the entire blacklist set. Such a node is not a fullnode.
Finally, you are proposing a mempool-like structure that affects consensus, yet is not committed on any proof-of-work backed block anywhere. For reference, every other consensus decision involves data that can be derived from genesis, or from data committed to in some block backed by proof-of-work. Most Core engineers will refuse simply out of that principle. You cannot punt here either and have blocks commit to the blacklist  set; that's a blocksize increase by another name, which again Core engineers will reject.
The other cost is loss of privacy. The whole point of using Onion routing when routing payments is privacy. But if every hop along a route is going to have state updates when you pay, then you are broadcasting the source and destination of every payment. That is a massive lose.
Eltoo is enough and preserves privacy.
@_date: 2019-01-16 07:32:22
Who wants to be paid their salary denominated in fiat anyway? /s
@_date: 2018-11-28 07:33:50
It won't work to reduce power.  The amount of power that will be consumed will be within a few percent of the price the block reward plus fees.
Instead of thinking of proof-of-work as "wasted power", instead realize that the fee market effectively is purchasing that power and  allocating it towards securing the network.
It's the same as when people pay taxes --- they're purchasing protection and other public services from their local governments.
@_date: 2018-02-12 06:29:51
Yes.  Please sell me your BTC at below $4000 because that's what the price will be soon.
@_date: 2018-11-12 23:08:03
The first 1.5M are all in P2PK.  It would be a trivial softfork to simply define P2PK as unspendable.  This backdoor is trivially stoppable.
@_date: 2019-01-06 04:02:46
Ethereum sharding is basically sidechains.
Unlike in BTC the ETH "sharding" solution basically has been vaporware.
The phrase basically means Bakkt will be vaporware.
@_date: 2019-01-07 14:51:50
1.  Payments are routed over the network via onion routes.  This basically means that intermediaries can never be sure who is the ultimate source and ultimate destination of payments.  They are unable to view transactions and thus unable to usefully censor transactions.
2.  Intermediaries are always optional.  A proper LN node will have dozens of channels to dozens of different intermediaries.  If one intermediary thinks it can somehow use statistics and decides it will censor based on fuzzy statistics, let them.  You have other channels you can use and other routes you can try.  You are in control of what route to take.
3.  Intermediaries are always optional.  You can always make a direct, unpublished channel to any "subversive" idiot you want.  Since it's unpublished nobody else knows about the channel except you and that idiot, and your channel looks exactly like any random 2-of-2 multisig.  If we get Schnorr then your channel looks exactly like any random UTXO and nobody else can know anything.
4.  "Fewer on-chain transactions and reducing block rewards lead to high transaction fees to support chain security".  Fewer onchain transactions mean ***lower*** onchain fees, because less competition for limited resources.  Further, high onchain fees hurt cheaters more: enforcement actions for cheating behavior are cheaper than  the cheating behaviors they correct, while completely honest actions continue to operate offchain at high speed.
Do you honestly think those concerns were never thought about by the designers of Lightning Network or are you just spreading FUD?
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:30:19
How about torrents, which spread information and reduce the ability of centralized production systems to impose a monopolistic tax on their products?
@_date: 2019-01-18 10:47:47
The year is 2052.  Bitcoin has changed the world.  But the advent of actually-practical quantum computers with more than 64 stable qubits brings into question the possibility that ECDSA may soon be broken. Though Bitcoin has long deployed the Poelstra-Lamport-ZmnSCPxj post-quantum signature algorithm, Satoshi's Million remains protected by known quantum-vulnerable ECDSA pubkeys.
In the midst of a raging argument among cypherpunks whether to permanently prevent spending of Satoshi's Million or not in case of an secp256k1 breach, a young cryonicist receives a pseudonymous payment request to work on the preserved brain of Hal Finney.  Somebody believes that Hal Finney is Satoshi, and that his brainwallet can unlock Satoshi's Million and transfer them to a post-quantum address.  But it seems the truth is far more complex than that...
@_date: 2019-01-07 07:00:50
Would you accept actual writing help for lnbook?
LN stuff I've written on-reddit:
Channel factories: 
Intuitive comparison of offchain to out-of-court settlements: 
Payment channels *are* Satoshi's Vision: 
Neutrino: 
Limited blocksize *is* the solution to mass breach attacks: 
Not LN but fun: 
@_date: 2019-01-02 00:00:29
You are trusting that blockchain.info is run by people who are not trying a long-game, "let enough people deposit funds into our wallet then suddenly we'll disappear" scam.
If you want to be secure:
1.  Choose an open-source wallet.  Electrum and Wasabi are good.
2.  Run the wallet on your own device.
3.  Don't use Windows.  Prefer something like TAILS OS.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:40:15
I see it as more of "something which lets little people do stuff".
Before airbnb and similar sites, you'd search through morasses of blogs recommending random hotels and check each hotel's site individually.
Before facebook and similar social sites, you'd run your own blog.
Before Uber, you'd stand in the street looking for passing taxis.
The core difference though is that Bitcoin is decentralized, and all the others are centralized.  I wonder if it's possible to decentralize the others safely.
@_date: 2017-09-06 23:08:35
Because I did the fucking math, and yet invested in the wrong thing anyway. I started a small business with my college buds instead of wiring money to a foreign exchange in Japan. In the end the business collapsed badly and my college buds no longer speak to me.
If I had bought BTC instead, I would have millions now and there wouldn't be bad blood between me and my old friends.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:41:27
The question is "what reads and what writes?"
The answer is: the processor on your computer, getting/putting data on the network.
It's not about storage.  It's about block verification speed and block propagation across the network.
It has never been about storage grumble grumble grumble.
@_date: 2017-09-11 04:10:30
LN no longer time-limits channels.  That was the whole point of requiring SegWit.  LN could work without SegWit, if and only if it put time limits on channels.  Since time-limited channels are bad for usability, LN decided to require SegWit (specifically, SegWit separates signatures from the transaction ID, allowing you to safely refer to unsigned transactions; I can give more details if you're interested), which means channels are now no longer time-limited.
The effect of not having time-limited channels is that if you open several channels, let others route through them (and charge a small fee), but not spend yourself, you can keep channels online indefinitely.  This drastically reduces the load on the blockchain.
That's why I say, Lightning failing translates to being forced to a 100X size increase.  Lightning makes it possible to leverage a few transactions on the blockchain into hundreds of transactions off-chain.
@_date: 2019-01-10 06:14:06
Because merge mining requires that  miners of Bitcoin voluntarily run the merge mining code. With this you only need post normal BTC txes with no particular special help from miners.
It's somewhat related to proof-of-mainstake where a blockchain uses stake from another blockchain to secure it.
@_date: 2017-09-04 09:28:20
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:29:22
Ethereum just takes old Bitcoin ideas and concepts and adds new, Ethereum-braded names to them.  For example, what Bitcoin called "sidechains", Ethereum calls "sharding".  What Bitcoin called "Lightning", Ethereum calls "Raiden".  What Bitcoin called "vulnerable", Ethereum calls "secure".
Most devices have barely 1Mb of volatile memory and maybe a few Mb of non-volatile memory.  Often they don't have actual memory to spare, except maybe a few kilobytes here and there.  You need thousands or hundreds of thousands of devices just for storage of 200Gb data, and you'll also have much overhead since now you need to remember which device contained which data (i.e. now you need an index which itself takes up space).
@_date: 2017-09-21 04:06:29
To each and every node in the world.  WTF?  Do you know how Bitcoin works?
FIBRE is the effective backbone of modern-day Bitcoin.  I posted it in my long post.  Did you even bother to research it?  Did you even bother to research its history?  Before FIBRE and its predecessor Bitcoin Relay Network existed, there was a "soft" limit of 300k per block!  Before FIBRE 1Mb blocks were not possible!  Now even with FIBRE, 1Mb blocks are possible, 2Mb blocks are doable, 4Mb and more blocks are going to choke FIBRE!
FIBRE is run by a single guy paying for it out of his pocket.  If he decides to stop running it, or he gets run over by a bus and stops being able to pay for it, 1Mb blocks are going to choke the fricking network.
A single block with 8Mb followed by empty blocks is NOT the situation Bitcoin will face.  Bitmain Cash is NOT BEING USED by a significant percentage of Bitcoin users.  Seriously, go find hodlers saying "HODL Bitmain Cash!!!" and compare them to hodlers saying "HODL Bitcoin!!!"
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:51:40
To be precise, what gets discounted is only the witness (signatures) of spends of SegWit UTXO's.
This was done by essentially "fooling"  non-SegWit fullnodes by pretending that the UTXO is "anyone-can-spend", in the sense that no signatures were needed, and then not sending the signature data to non-SegWit fullnodes when sending transactions and blocks.
Of course, when a SegWit fullnode talks to another SegWit fullnode, they both still transfer and expect the witness data, and know that the "anyone-can-spend" outputs are really SegWit outputs that require a signature that happens to be sent separately (i.e. segregated witness).
The same kind of "fooling" can be done so that a SuperSegWit node will pretend that a SuperSegWit output is a different kind of "anyone-can-spend" output (there are a number of "anyone-can-spend" output types, though that is limited by size of the base transaction) to SegWit fullnodes and non-SegWit fullnodes.
However the code gets even more complicated (you have to pretend differently from a SegWit fullnode and a non-SegWit fullnode), and the only benefit is a block size increase on a softfork.  SegWit's benefit is a block size increase, a malleability fix, the ability to softfork in re-enabling disabled SCRIPT opcodes and to softfork in completely new SCRIPT languages, and a major reduction in the cost of removing UTXO's (this is incresed only slightly by your proposed SuperSegWit: tx inputs are not entirely signatures, there's also data like the txid and output you are spending that is not discounted).  Basically, a lot of the advantages in the proposed SuperSegWit are already available in SegWit.
@_date: 2017-09-02 11:00:58
Dandelion should help hide the provenance of a transaction.
@_date: 2017-09-07 02:53:14
The old devs are not in charge of SegWit2x.  Of the "old devs", only Jeff Garzik is participating at all in SegWit2x.  Others - Peter Todd, Greg Maxwell, Matt Corallo, Luke Dash Jr, frikkin Pieter Wuille, etc. - are not.
 for more
@_date: 2019-01-17 05:57:01
"correct" in what manner? If you have validated it from genesis then it's a valid chain.  You always believe the longest valid chain since it has the most proof-of-work.
@_date: 2019-01-21 11:03:46
This is not enforceable, at least for the minute timescales involved, if the channel is dropped onchain.  Onchain you have an HTLC where enforcement timeouts are measured in hundreds of blocks, i.e. days, where the HTLC acts as part of an American Call Option.
The current speed of LN payments is dependent on optimistic behavior where people want to advance the state as quickly as possible.  But if there is any incentive to not advance the state of a channel, then it's possible to stall until any timeouts involved.  For exchanges of the same asset (i.e. payment forwarding) delaying is pointless, "1 BTC = 1 BTC".  But exchanges of different assets, delaying enforcement is potentially lucrative.
This thread presents the issue where enforcement onchain takes days, leading to American Call Option behavior: 
@_date: 2017-09-04 04:11:14
What r you doing?  so scare.  Concern.
@_date: 2019-01-08 00:29:48


Do you honestly think that Bitcoin is going to be mass adopted in a year?  How about 5 years?  10 years?
We *do* have time to slowly build better scaling on top of Lightning.
If you think we should work faster, then I suggest putting money where your mouth is and sponsoring some LN developers, like the freelancers or , to help LN development.


Channel factories, statechains, multiparticipant channels.  One can argue that statechains are just channel factories by another name with a pile of steaming custodiality on top, but well.  Multiparticipant channels become unwieldy beyond n=5 and should really be made into channel factories anyway.  Channel factories potentially let dozens of people create channels with each other (and if at least one of them is already connected to the wider network then that is enough for all of them to be connected to the wider network) while having only a single onchain UTXO represent all their channels.
Channel factories are the next step for now.  With better online-ness it may be possible to have hundreds in a single channel factory, with each channel factory anchored on a single onchain UTXO.  We still need additional 10x-&gt;100x improvement on top of that, but channel factories by themselves already cuts down your estimate from 38 years to ~3.8years give or take a year or so (at 10 per factory), which should be enough provided we can figure out a good way to spec channel factories.  More practically we can probably connect much of the first world in LN with channel factories in 5 years or so, with more than a few channels per person and with some blockspace used by onchain users.
The great thing is that channel factories won't require any blocksize increase while providing 10x scaling.  We just need one or two more 10x scalings on top of that to onboard the whole world in less than a decade, and we might never need to increase the blocksize again.
The next issue with scaling LN is the public routemap.  Eventually the public routemap will contain so many channels that it will no longer easily fit in the working memory of lower-end devices.  Hopefully by that time lower-end devices will have larger working memories, but eventually we will need to develop heuristics for pruning the public routemap and keeping only sections of the public routemap with a high probability of successfully routing our desired payments, and methods to trustlessly query sections of the public routemap from other nodes.
@_date: 2018-02-12 07:00:20
No, the security model of LN requires that each side *keeps* some funds at risk.  In a single-sided funding, there is no older history with which the counterparty can steal funds from the funding party, so it is safe for the counterparty to have 0 funds in the channel.  Once it has gone out of that state, however, both now need to keep funds in the channel, but to exit that state the funding side needs to have somehow given money to the fundee side, so no, you *can* just have a new wallet without any money, have someone fund to you, and receive via their channel.
@_date: 2018-02-08 09:03:30
"No no, we ***really*** meant that prices will add another zero to the end"
@_date: 2018-11-27 03:51:23
...long time passing...
@_date: 2017-09-28 05:43:05


And how many groups are working on btc1?  How large are the groups working on btc1?  How distributed are the developers who are the members of the groups working on btc1?
Please pay attention to the reality of the situation.  Core is a far more diverse and decentralized group than the developers of btc1 are.  If you think Core should not have monopoly control over the protocol, do you think the btc1 development group***S*** are?


Somebody has already pointed out spoonnet.  Please either add your support to spoonnet, or else withdraw your claim that Core has not proposed ANY hard fork.  The idea that you are being socially ostracized here is simply the idea that you have not been paying attention to what is actually being informed to you.
Should every block size increase be a hardfork?  If we can make a block size increase as a softfork, which is much safer in the consensus layer (and actually lets miners lead users into the softfork, unlike hardforks where users ultimately can reject the hardfork regardless of how much hashpower the hardfork claims to have and kill off any miners who support the hardfork via economic sanction), is it automatically to be rejected simply because it is **not a hardfork**?  Why should block size increases require hardforking always?  If a softfork block size increase is possible, should we not, as a simple technical matter of backwards compatibility and continued smooth service, prefer softforks?
@_date: 2018-11-13 09:51:21
That's actually a nifty hack used by Eclair in mobile wallet mode.  You are only vulnerable to attack if you have received money in the past, especially without Watchtowers (more specifically, you are attackable if in the past you have any state with less money on your side than you have right now; if only sends are allowed, then all past states will have more money than the current state).  You need to protect yourself by monitoring the blockchain regularly if ever you receive payments.
Under eltoo that vulnerability does ***not*** disappear.  Older update transactions remain replayable, and if they are broadcast while you are not online to gainsay them with a later update transaction, the older update transaction can mature and let the older state finalize onchain.  If there exists older state where you had less money than you have now, you are still attackable, whether eltoo or not.
EDIT: I think I need to describe in detail how updateable transactions work, and why this is vulnerability is never fixable.
Every updateable transaction system needs to have some way to settle onchain when only one counterparty is online.  Otherwise, if one party is struck by a literal bolt of lightning and permanently damaged, the other party is screwed and can't get its funds back. So there's always some mechanism to back out of the channel without requiring the other party to be online as well.
Now, that mechanism can be triggered at any time, without the two nodes ever having to prove their liveness onchain (because if they had to prove their onchain liveness that takes up precious block space).
But it also means that this backoff mechanism can be triggered even while the other node is online.  So rather than it being "whoever got onchain first wins", we want the other node to be able to gainsay what the state of the channel is.
So there's always a timeout.  During this time, the other node either gainsays it and reveals that there is a later state, or the other node remains silent, implying that it agrees with the published state.
Now that's good if both nodes are honest.  But if one is dishonest, then it could publish old state.  And old state is simply old signed transactions, which remain valid (they can always be published onchain even if newer state is created).  It's just that they are encumbered in such a way that the other side can gainsay them and reveal that a later state exists.  There's a timeout/grace period there for this path.
But if the other side doesn't gainsay the state, then eventually the timeout ends and everyone then agrees that the final published state is the real state, and it gets committed onchain.
This is unavoidable permanently.  You either need to use mechanisms which make replaying old state uneconomical for some party (e.g. the Eclair hack) or you use mechanisms where the other party can gainsay, but only within a timeout (and if the timeout ends with the other party not gainsaying, it finalizes and cannot be reversed).
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:06:01
We could massacre half of the humans.
They wouldn't feel so good but who cares about them?
@_date: 2018-02-12 05:47:56


Need it to serve as the higher authority for correct operation.


That's the eventual goal, yes.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:30:40
Sigh.  BTC addresses and BCH addresses have the same format and numeric space.  If you accidentally treat a BTC address as a BCH address, it will work and BCH will be sent to the BCH address.
6to23's problem is that the BTC address is controlled by coinbase, because not your keys not your coins, and coinbase is being a dick because they don't want to start up a BCH client and put their keys into it.
@_date: 2017-09-17 22:46:08
It's being implemented already.  It hasn't been deployed yet.
There are precious few places where you can invest Bitcoin in, yet.  There's no legal infrastructure to protect you, so there's a risk that you get scammed with no way to recover any money you released.  You'll either have to wait for LN, or create some kind of system of your own.  Waiting for LN may be shorter and less risky.
As someone else mentioned, try looking up JoinMarket.
@_date: 2019-01-02 00:14:15
It's a pathfinding problem, standard computer science stuff for four decades already.  That part is not a problem.
The problems are:
1.  Change of flow state.   I.e. channels may close or lose capacity at random times.  This is fixed by letting a payer retry as many routes as they can find without paying for failed routes.
2.  Scale of public map.  I.e. trillions of channels from billions of nodes.
The latter problem is the only problem of note.
@_date: 2019-01-14 10:25:40
If it's the actual Bitcoin or not.
@_date: 2018-02-07 09:41:06
They remain open, although if you keep your lightningd down long enough, your counterparties might decide to close the channels.
@_date: 2017-09-21 07:30:22
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:19:08
Bitcoin will go up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, start.
@_date: 2017-09-03 02:25:02
This is wrong. Miners can choose not to mine any SegWit-spending txes, but if they do, they must follow the discount policy.
@_date: 2017-09-14 07:19:14
Well, mine all suck, LOL. I'm here because Bitcoin gives me a nerdgasm, hence my expertise at technical side
Okay, for a better adoption argument, albeit anecdotal and therefore unverifiable:
I bought BTC via localbitcoins here. The seller was using a login name composed of two initials and a typical last name in my country, so presumably a private citizen. The sale was to be done by cash deposit to his or her bank account. However the given bank details were for a local company, Easy Padala.
A bit of investigation turned up that the company was a money remittance service: they take dollars that overseas workers earn abroad and send it as pesos to the families locally.
I think their transmittal strategy is simple: they buy btc with dollars overseas, transmit here, then sell on localbitcoins to get the equivalent pesos. If that's what they do, they've certainly adopted the use of btc.
Of course that's just what I suspect they do, and this is an anecdote, so well...
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:30:28
Sounds viable.
Living in a tropical country sucks.
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:50:55
I hired a freelancer to help with LN dev, and one idea he came up with was "circular superhubs". Basically you and 2 to 5 other people put yourselves in an ordered list. You open a single channel to the next person in the list (or the first person if you're the last on the list).
Net effect is that anyone who makes a channel to any member of such a superhub can send to any member of that superhub, and any member of that superhub can use any outgoing channel made by any member of this superhub to pay anyone. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 10:32:47
The problem with sharding is that the tradeoffs suck.
You have two options:
1.  Miners only work for a particular shard, and each shard is SPV security on other shards.
2.  Miners know all shards.
The problems here are:
1.  Under option 1, each individual shard can be 51% attacked more easily than a mono-shard blockchain like Bitcoin, because each shard is protected by only a small fraction of the total hashpower.
2.  Under option 2, miners need to verify all the shards and thus need to get all the data, leading to centralization of miners around large entities who are capable of the data load, leading to the possibility of miner-controlled censorship and potentially allowing targeted attacks by miners.
Sharding (which is just another word for mined sidechains) just do not scale.  That's ignoring cross-shard settled payments, which are usually slower and more painful since cross-shard transfers often requires some SPV proof (or equivalent) of transfer.
Lightning scales, and lightning scales enough.
@_date: 2019-01-17 05:59:32
@_date: 2017-09-09 16:08:30
In my little backwater third-world country, if you open a bank account, the banker asks if you are a US citizen, and if you are, you need to provide some FATCA information on their account opening forms.  If your offshore bank account suddenly gets an influx of money, you bet the reason the bank wants your FATCA information is so that they can tell it to the IRS.
The IRS has its little birds everywhere.
@_date: 2018-11-03 07:34:19
No. Coinjoin tx looks exactly like ordinary tx. That's the magic of coinjoin. Singlesig inputs are spent, multiple singlesig outputs are created. It looks exactly like somebody gathered multiple coins and spent them in a multiple-payee tx.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:45:00
Fraud proofs mentioned in Satoshi's whitepaper are not being worked on by anyone, as far as I know.
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:19:15
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:23:02
Yes, very good indeed.  Personally USD/BTC could be as low as $2200 and I would still be positive, even though I bought a hefty bit a few days ago.  Heck, it could drop to $1200 and all I'd do would be to shrug and wait it out for a few years.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:57:16
SSD's have higher price/storage ratios than HDD's, though.
Read/write speed is eventually capped by verification speed.  So beyond a minimum disk read/write speed, any additional speed will not be used because verification speed.
[Here]( gmax (nullc) provides the data on verification speed; presumably by "fast system" he's using his uberpowered SSD-using server paid for by AXA /s.
The gain in performance in 0.15.0 is wiped out by the growth of the Bitcoin blockchain since release of 0.14.2
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:43:58


Past performance is not an indication of future performance.
@_date: 2019-01-02 00:37:50
Go over the contract again.  Find out how much power is covered by the flat rate.  If you don't know or can't find it, ask the government.  TANSTAAFL: There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:28:26


1.  SegWit allow 2mb blocks and can have up to 4mb blocks.  WTF 1mb beyond which we shall not pass are you talking about?
2.  Higher block sizes do not help as much as you think.  Have you heard of SPY mining?  When a new block header is published by another miner, a miner isn't going to sit still and do nothing while its fullnode is receiving and verifying the new block: it's going to go mine an empty block.  Increased block sizes translate to longer receive and verify times, translates to increased SPY mining, translates to an increase in throughput that is less than the rated increase, because "it is a freedom granted by the Bitcoin protocol".
3.  Higher block sizes do not help as much as you think.  Have you heard of Elastic Demand?  When a road's width is increased, it does not reduce traffic congestion.  The key metric is not the number of cars you can push on the road, the key metric is the speed of public transportation: travelling from point A to point B on your private car will always approach the time to go from point A to point B on public transportation regardless of road width (because people will switch to private cars if the public transport is too long, congesting the road and slowing down private cars).  Go look up traffic planning: it's been consistent that road width does not help with traffic congestion, while being ridiculously costly.  The analog y is: road width = block size, traffic congestion = full mempools, public transportation = LN, private car = on-chain transaction.
4.  Higher block sizes hurt more than you think.  Have you heard of quadratic sigop hashing bug?  It's a bug from the original core client by Satoshi where, for each sigop, you need to replace each scriptSig with the scriptPubKey it pays to, for each other sigop in the transaction.  It can't be fixed unless you move the scriptSig out of the transaction: you know, move the witness data from the main part of the transaction... you know: SEGregate the WITness.  SegWit transactions are immune to the quadratic sigop hashing bug.  But legacy transactions need to be supported still, otherwise your legacy cash will become unspendable.  Why is it called the **quadratic** hashing bug?  Because increasing the size 2x will increase the verification time 4x, increasing the size 4x will increase the verification time 16x, increasing the size 8x will increase the verification time 64x.  Okay, so you limit legacy transactions to 1Mb, which is still doable.  This is what Bcash, SegWit, and 2X all do, but SegWit will only allow a single 1Mb legacy transaction per block (and the block gets capped to 1Mb due to the weight computation) while Bcash will allow 8 and 2X will allow 2 of those, which is still relatively heavy and increase the risk that SPY mining of empty blocks becomes necessary.
5.  Higher block sizes hurt more than you think.  Have you heard of the FIBRE network?  It's a network specifically designed for transmitting blocks between miners.  It reduces the window that miners do SPY mining, by improving the speed at which blocks are transferred to SPY-mining pools.  Without FIBRE, the "normal" peer-to-peer Bitcoin protocol would have choked on 1Mb blocks.  Current measurements with FIBRE indicate that 2Mb blocks are safe, with the occassional 4Mb (possible with the 4M weight limit in SegWit) still acceptable.  2X does not mean 2Mb blocks, 2X means 4Mb blocks regularly with good SegWit usage.  FIBRE is likely to choke on that transmission rate, increasing temporary chainsplits (which requires increasing the number of confirmations you wait for before crediting a transaction, utterly reversing the "fast" requirement you wanted with biggerblocks) and further increasing the rate of empty blocks due to SPY mining.
6.  Hardforks are bad, as by default, without a massive consensus, they "fail bad": they create a new altcoin.  Softforks are better as by default they "fail good": nothing happens and everyone goes on with legacy rules on a single chain.  Indeed, we've figured out how to do block size increases by softfork already, xref. SegWit.  Block size increase hardforks are dangerous and the improvement does not justify the danger you put the entire network through.
I hope that clears up your MASSIVE confusion as to why developers are very reluctant to raise the blocksize limit in TWO FUCKING MONTHS.
@_date: 2017-09-19 02:44:04
The code to change in 2X is not complex.  However, its knock-on effects are.
Consider this facetious example: 
It's just a one-line code change.  However, Pieter Wuille, the most awesome core dev, knows it's a joke.  The effect of that simple code change massively reduce the security of the system.  He also cracks a joke about naive positive testing: "I even tested it! It validates the entire historical chain without problems!"  The trick is that you need negative testing: you need to make something that you expect to fail, and check that the code correctly flags it as failing.
Now 2X will not be as massive a security reduction as my extreme example, but it will still be a very big reduction in security.  And it's *that* effect that requires the big brains to think about, not the simple changes in 2X code.
@_date: 2017-09-03 23:00:49
Bitcoin's primary data structure is a public ledger. It's not anonymous. Every transaction is recorded forever.
It's pseudonymous, which means a name is not attached to an address. But a good analysis can derive guesses at ownership.
It's another reason why higher layer protocols like Lightning Network and TumbleBit are so exciting. They can obscure the source and destination of payments by not actually writing any transactions on the public ledger.
@_date: 2018-02-13 09:29:30
Bulletproofs are for confidential transactions, which do not exist *yet*, and will add to the size of bulletproof-using transactions.
However, if Core devs get around to adding a MimbeWimble extension block, those will use bulletproofs quite nicely, and it's the range proofs that make MimbleWimble less feasible.  MimbleWimble will not reduce block sizes (so miner block transport can be negatively affected if MW is bundled with a blocksize increase) but will lower initial sync time growth.
Prefer the term Bellare-Neven over Schnorr, because Schnorr was f\*kin' prick.
You also missed signature aggregation, which is enabled by Bellare-Neven signatures.
@_date: 2017-09-09 14:38:33
Because the frikking block size increase will happen LATER, not sooner.
@_date: 2017-09-06 10:31:12
Bitcoin may crash longer than you can remain liquid.  Balance that to the possibility you may need to sell an uncomfortably larger part of your bitcoin hodlings if Bitcoin goes into another 2-year slump.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:14:06
Sorry, I edited my post underneath you.
Now the attack vector is: after an invalid withdraw, post another invalid withdraw.  Keep posting an invalid withdraw forever.
Now miners need to check, in real time (because they have to mine the mainchain), whether a proposed withdraw is valid or not, at the time that it is proposed, because if it's an invalid withdraw at proposal time, it's going to just choke the next 1008-block withdraw cycle.  Or else not put *any* proposed withdraw on the mainchain (which effectively also chokes the sidechain).
It's all just asking for "mainchain miners should run sidechain nodes all the time!" so that mainchain miners can, on receiving a withdrawal proposal, judge immediately if it is valid or not.
Otherwise random unnamed people (not miners, of course not, miners don't spam) will just spam invalid withdraws.
@_date: 2017-09-29 09:45:45
NO2X: See!  There are only 5 btc1 fullnodes!
2X: No there are more!  Some of the Satoshi:0.15.0 fullnodes are really btc1 fullnodes in disguise!
NO2X: Well how many of them are???
2X: I dunno!  Lots!  Every Satoshi:0.15.0 client for all we know is really btc1!!
NO2X: LOL Is that like /NYA/ in the coinbase is really supporting Core?
2X: ...No.  FU
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:18:04
Yes.  Since I set up a fiat cost average with my wife, though (about 6% only, we have two kids and salary is not high compared to first world, although it's pretty high locally), it's mostly moot.  Work as a programmer.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:06:46
Somebody arbitrage [India](
@_date: 2017-09-11 14:27:56
As a ballpark estimate, it costs at most 12.5btc every 10 minutes to run the entire bitcoin miners alone.
Bitcoin node cost of operation will have much larger variances between samples but will probably be much lower than the cost of the earnings of all Bitcoin businesses.
@_date: 2017-09-10 10:51:20
To a non-SegWit node, SegWit addresses look like anyone can spend them.  Of course, a proper SegWit-validating node will disallow spending of SegWit addresses without the proper witness commitment.  That's how softforks are forced to work with: you encode something that looks like anyone-can-spend to pre-softfork nodes, but require post-softfork nodes to validate some extra conditions.
Since Bcash is decidedly non-SegWit, sending to a SegWit address there means sending to an anyone-can-spend address.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:23:11
So they'll totally hire Mike Hearn?
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:08:22
Well, there's a problem with that.  Specifically, Bitcoin was never designed to destroy banks.  Bitcoin was designed to destroy **central** banks.
The difference here is that under Bitcoin, if a bank run occurs due to fractional reserve, the bank goes bankrupt.  Under the current system, in a bank run the central bank steps in and loans money to the bank.  The central bank can do this because it can print money if needed.
Remember, what Bitcoin is against is bank bail-outs.  Bank makes a bad investment, bank suffers, not everyone else.  Bank makes a good investment, good, fine, bank earns money, just like everyone else.  It's not out to destroy banks, it's out to make them our equals.
If they're investing in Bitcoin, that's good. They're investing in sound money. and make a good investment  And they dampen the volatility.
@_date: 2017-09-12 04:19:03
Yah I know right?  I even backported the change to 0.11.5 and checked, and it was a massive speedup!
(hint hint: my grandparent post was being sarcastic.  the code "fixes" quadratic sigop hashing by not doing signature checks. that's why "simple" modifications of important constants are **not simple**: there are security implications. if you couldn't figure that out from my code, you are not qualified to comment on the "simplicity" of the modification presented by S2X)
@_date: 2017-09-04 00:25:01
SegWit already allows 2mb block sizes average with 4mb peaks, and last I know, 2mb is considered the largest safe size for the FIBRE network.  Sizes larger than that risk choking FIBRE, pushing smaller pools out.  Thus 2x, which allows 4mb block sizes average with 8mb peaks, risks too much at this point.
Heck, Bitcoin's dependence on FIBRE is arguably a centralization scenario already since it's run and funded by one guy, but it's the least unpalatable of the other scenarios (at least the public FIBRE's backbone is international and allows mining pools to be run anywhere).
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:40:22
Bitcoin, of course.
@_date: 2017-09-05 05:20:03
It fixes the quadratic hashing bug introduced by Satoshi, which is a massive brainfart that makes big txes a DOS attack on the entire network. Increasing the block size without fixing the quadratic hashing bug makes DOS even easier: doubling the tx size quadruples the resources needed.
Segregating witnesses means the transaction is hashed once, and all signatures use that same hash, making a quadratic time operation into a constant time operation.
That's just the scaling optimization. It also enables and simplifies layer 2 techs by fixing transaction malleability. It incentivizes reducing the UTXO set by providing a witness discount. Finally it is also a block size increase via witness discount.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:30:43
Long-term savings.  LocalFiat/USD slowly grows over time, hence LocalFiat inflation is even more inflationary than USD, and USD is already known to be pretty inflationary already.  While it's true that Bitcoin supply is growing, the inflation rate of Bitcoin will eventually drop.
@_date: 2017-09-12 22:41:33
\*facepalm\* 
@_date: 2017-09-19 01:25:56
I would argue that a lot of techs increase decentralization.  Before printing presses, books were produced, controlled, and owned by a single monolithic entity, the Catholic Church.  Entry into the upper echelons of the church often required someone rich to patronize you.  Now we can learn whatever on the Internet.
One can say that shitty laws like copyright and patents are attempts to put the technology genie back in the centralized bottle.
@_date: 2017-09-10 22:51:02
If Lightning fails, 100X will be necessary.
@_date: 2019-01-06 03:31:09
Channels cannot stand by themselves; they need an external cryptosystem that can finally impose its rules.  Thus, at some level we need to impose some global consensus.  That level is the blockchain level.
Consider this.  If you are employed, you have an employment contract.  You do work, employer pays you.  If you slack off at work the employer takes you aside and talks to you, and if you *really, really* slack off at work, then lawyers and courts start getting involved.  On the other hand, if you do work but the employer doesn't pay you, you take the employer aside and talk to the employer, and if they *really, really* refuse to pay, then again lawyers and courts start getting involved too.
In either case, the lawyers and courts look over the terms of the contract to see exactly who is in the right.  But until shit happens, the contract remains only between the two of you.
Similarly, in LN, both you and your counterparty have a contract on how the channel is supposed to be operated.  As long as both of you operate the channel honestly, then everything is fine and everything remains on LN.
But when somebody starts breaking the terms of the contract (i.e. tries to cheat) then the blockchain gets involved.
Until then, however, the blockchain is not involved.  In effect, the blockchain layer is the ultimate public court-of-law in cryptocurrencies, but we can operate without involving the blockchain layer for day-to-day operations (do you call a lawyer everytime you go to work? does your employer call a lawyer before depositing your every paycheck?), with a fallback on the blockchain if things go sour (if your employer starts treating you like shit, you definitely call a lawyer).
@_date: 2019-01-22 08:51:03
Sidechains suck.  With sidechains, your poisons are:
1.  Federations, which are just custodians and therefore trusted-third-party.
2.  Merge-mining, which are just blocksize increases.
@_date: 2019-01-02 06:55:07
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:59:04
The basic principle of Bitcoin is always that Bitcoin's SCRIPT is not Turing complete.  To be fair, Ethereum's is really also total, with a gas input that terminates execution, but with enough gas Ethereum scripts are practically Turing complete.
Turing completeness is not good in a language that is intended to enforce security: [Rule of least power]( and [Post's Theorem](  The canonical example is Ethereum's TheDAO incident.
Thus, MAST will not enable anything you can't currently do in Script, except perhaps that you can run longer scripts, provided a single branch of the script still fits the 520-byte or something limit.
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:46:36
@_date: 2017-09-27 07:14:04
The biggest problem is: if I bid 0.1 BTC, and the minimum bid in the block is 0.01 BTC, where does the 0.09 BTC go?
This seems to assume some kind of single-payer thinking.  However, how about payment channels or coinjoins?  If the agreed bid is much larger than the minimum fee rate, which of us payers in the channel/coinjoin gets the extra money?
Also, how would this work as a softfork?  A hardfork would be much harder to convince Core to work with.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:21:34
LD_LIBRARY_PATH hacking to replace the QR code parsing library with one that gives back hacker-controlled addresses.
Since it's unlikely you have a QR code parsing library in your brain, you won't even have a change to notice it.
@_date: 2017-09-07 02:42:41
Sometimes I tell myself that.  Maybe I would have been goxxed (but then, by my memory, I think I actually already installed Electrum back then, so I had my own wallet a least...).  Or maybe we would have fallen out for different reasons.
Still pretty stupid of me studying the math behind Bitcoin back then, being impressed, and NOT ACTUALLY FUCKING BUYING.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:06:46
Somebody arbitrage [India](
@_date: 2017-09-14 02:06:40


It will stop sidechain-only miners from being able to participate else they're just bagholders, making BMM just extra baggage to implement, and showing that it is just a distraction from the real issues.


TEMPORARY?  You do realize that downgrading after the "temporary" upgrade is equivalent to a hardfork, since you'd be accepting blocks that were rejected during the upgrade?  There will be those who insist on keeping the new rules permanently ("the miners will just do it again!"), while there would be those who won't want to go onto the new rules even temporarily ("that sidechain sucked anyway!"), and those who want to keep the new rules temporary ("BMM is supposed to have temporary upgrades!"): THREE chain splits.  Does that count as "weakening the base layer"?
I mean it would be strictly better to make the new features into a new altcoin at this point, at least that makes an entirely new altcoin that won't accidentally try to take over Bitcoin by sharing network layer magic numbers.
@_date: 2019-01-02 00:34:56
It's a custodial wallet (Bluewallet server owns your coins).
@_date: 2018-11-09 12:16:07
Don't trust, verify.
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:13:01
TLDR: fundamentals &gt; technicals
@_date: 2017-09-28 02:47:10
12PM CDT is 1AM here (UTC+8), sorry \^\^ Thanks for inviting me anyway, maybe I'll lurk the IRC chatlogs instead.
@_date: 2017-09-18 07:45:07
Ban certain transactions unless they give you ridiculous high fees.
@_date: 2017-09-04 09:30:45
Still nearer to strong federation.  The operation for which other people are paying you for is exchange of funds in one strong federation to another strong federation, both of which you are a member of.
@_date: 2017-09-04 04:15:31
I agree.  I'm only 34.
@_date: 2017-09-15 09:13:01
TLDR: fundamentals &gt; technicals
@_date: 2017-09-12 10:54:35
In the end, you have to look at the fundamentals.  There are many more people contributing to the Bitcoin base layer and dreaming up ways of using it at higher layers (LN, tumblebit, DLC...).  Bitcoin has a relay network for blocks, FIBRE, which other altcoins do not have (so if the other altcoins start getting full blocks, good luck: either they'll collapse or centralize).
Plain "utility" is not enough.  A basic principle of security is the principle of least power: you use the least powerful language to describe something, because more powerful languages are harder to analyze and may hide unexpected bugs (Ethereum's TheDAO incident comes to mind).  Unless handled properly, "utility" is just another word for "vulnerability".  And that's the basic benefit of Bitcoin's slow and steady approach: we wait for something to be proven first before we even think of integrating it.  If we integrate something and it turns out to be a massive vulnerability... well, goodbye Bitcoin.
As an example, consider Rootstock (RSK).  It will run the Ethereum virtual machine on bitcoins rather than ether.  At the same time, because it's a sidechain, the potential damage of another TheDAO is limited only to users of RSK.  Will Ethereum eat Bitcoin's lunch, if Bitcoin not only has its existing network effect (more businesses accept bitcoin for payment than ether), a limited supply (21M permanent cap versus Ethereum's lack of cap) AND the ability to run Ethereum programs?
The only other coins whose fundamentals I think are valuable enough to be relevant are Monero, ZCash, and Grin (MimbleWimble).  All of them share a basic focus on privacy first, which Bitcoin very badly lacks (but see ZeroLink and TumbleBit; even LN provides a minor boost in privacy, as almost all transactions never reach the publich chain).  Monero has larger transactions than Bitcoin and is more likely to choke its network.  ZCash has a trusted setup, so you shouldn't invest more in it than how much you'd trust to the guys who did the trusted setup, and ZCash transactions take a hefty bit of computing.  MimbleWimble is very new, and is even less programmable than Bitcoin.
If sidechains get implemented (not likely with today's technology, actually; we're waiting for CoinWitness to be feasibly implementable) then any other coin's properties can be grafted onto Bitcoin and all other altcoins will flow back to the Bitcoin ocean.
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:55:11
The problem is that "Could you add support?" can be interpreted in two ways:
1. Is it within the theoretical realm of possibility --- if there were no concerns about politics, philosophy, principles, spare time spent coding stuff you want more, and so on --- for you to add code to support BCH?
2.  Could you please, pretty please with a cherry on top, please add support to BCH, because reasons?  I'll even wash your car for you!
So no, you have failed to be clear.
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:00:32
You forgot something:
4\. Prevent all withdrawals (impose small losses on honest miners).
This strategy gives miners who run this strategy no additional profit, but importantly, they won't need to upgrade their equipment, bandwidth, and software to run a sidechain node: all they have to do is downvote in the miner voting for withdrawals.  Not upgrading is a savings.  Every other miner who upgraded to run sidechains (strategy 2) pays for the upgrade, but are unable to get their earned sidecoin into maincoin, and the lack of withdrawals means there is no side-to-main peg, devaluing sidecoin.  Miners who then run strategy 2 get small losses, while those who run strategy 4 have no profits or losses.  Since mining is a competition, the lack of losses equates to an advantage that can be used to buy more hashpower (rather than paying for equipment and infrastructure to run sidechain nodes), increasing the profitability of strategy-4 miners even more.
If strategy-2 miners are a majority, strategy-4 miners can still squueze them out: Sztorc quotes that 26% of hashpower is enough to deny a withdrawal if his particular brand of drivechain is used.  Assuming 74% strategy-2 miners and 26% strategy-4 miners, is a PoW change by fullnodes a good counterstrategy, given that a majority of miners are honest strategy-2?
Edit; maincoin-only hodlers are not even incentivized to work against strategy-4 miners.  Strategy-3 miners will attract maincoin hodler's ire since the sudden availability in the mainchain drops price, leading to PoW change.  Strategy-4 miners will prevent sidecoins from ever being retrievable, reducing maincoin availability, effectively burning the sidecoin, and increasing maincoin price, making hodlers happy.
@_date: 2017-09-12 10:28:35
[Discreet log contracts](  It's a way for an oracle to exist, and users of oracles will not need to contact or arrange anything with the oracle.  If the oracle works by broadcasting (say by writing to the public blockchain...) then the oracle is provably unaware of its users.
DLC makes it so that the oracle has a long-term public/private key, and a series of nonces (e.g. if the oracle publishes its information daily, it has to announce/precommit one nonce each future date, up to some indefinite day in the future).  The oracle signs the sampled data using the nonce and its private key.
The cute thing about DLC is that if the oracle signs multiple pieces of data with different contents using the same nonce, the private key is computable from the signature.  Revealing the oracle's key is sufficient as proof of fraud.  How to take advantage of that automatically (for example, by enforcing a bond that the oracle loses if a proof of fraud is published) is still a bit of research.  Also, requires Schnorr.
I haven't seen your linked thing; it's pretty interesting.  I worry that "history merging" is not as secure as it appears at first glance, though.  It looks like the history is going to trail after the token indefinitely, too.  Edit: Found it.  Outcome commitments serve as the oracles in your link.
Yes, fedpeg makes a privacy financial system censorable and hence pointless.  Given the tepid activity around sidechains, it seems there is no real good way to sidechain in a privacy-focused chain on top of Bitcoin, we may need to do it the old-fashioned softfork route, sigh.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:35:03
Yah, MAST is going up soon I can just taste it!  Schnorr's next!  And petertodd and gmax are discussing Confidential Transactions again!  And there's more talking about Drivechains!  And finally somebody is seriously proposing UTXO set commitments!  LN software are in beta!  BLOCKSTREAM SATELLITE = BITCOIN IN SPACE!!!
Oh you mean the price speculation?  Gaaaaah, who cares, the tech is a lot more interesting than the price.  Now get off my lambo you young whippersnapper...
@_date: 2017-09-23 22:23:51
There aren't any good ones that haven't been largely debunked. Below is least worst:
Unlike solutions like SegWit or Lightning Network, an increase in block size is technically simpler and can be deployed faster due to reduced need for review.
1. Any increase in block size that isn't some kind of extension block will be a hardfork with greater network risks.
2. Block propagation is an important system parameter. Back when the soft block limit of 300k, smaller pools were suffering higher orphaning rates than larger pools and earning much less than their hashpower share. If it weren't for Bitcoin Relay Network and its successor FIBRE, Bitcoin would have centralized below 1Mb blocks. Until we get upgrades to the infrastructure we should avoid block size increases: FIBRE is tech, not magic, and has its limits too.
3. Blockchains require publishing transactions to everyone, even those not involved in it. That's not very sensible but allows making everyone and anyone to become a judge in an impartial court. Using Bitcoin tokens for payment and making the blockchain a just, impartial arbiter, we can make an off-chain solution where transactions are sent only by the transactors to their intermediaries. This is the Lughtning Network.
4. SegWit is not just a blocksize increase, it's a blocksize increase with a malleability fix and incentive to reduce the UTXO set by making spends as cheap as UTXO creation.
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:40:19
And when people were saying that about bitcoin, there wasn't already an existing dominant cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-09-20 03:21:42
1.  Timestamp is set by miner.  The lower bits of the timestamp are also ground, not just the header nonce, and miners are unlikely to be running on the same timeserver all over the world.
2.  SPY mining.  If a miner receives a new block header mined by someone else, it will immediately change to a different block header on top of that, but until it receives the actual block, it won't know what transactions were already included.  instead the miner will create an empty block without any transactions other than coinbase and grind that, then receive the actual block and verify it and look up its transactions and build a full block from remaining transactions.  If it manages to mine while it hasn't received the previous block yet, then it pushes that nearly-empty block onto the network.
@_date: 2017-09-04 03:01:42


Let's assume I'm the Federal Reserve, I see Bitcoin will take away my power to print money for nothing, so I buy some mining equipment and create empty blocks.  I'm hurting the network and impacting the price of bitcion, hopefully low enough that it's just a nerd money.
The only way to stop me is if honest miners get to earn money from mining.  That way, ordinary people can buy mining equipment and increase the difficulty, requiring me to buy more mining equipment to compensate.
In short, the choice is between non-zero fee transactions, or a perpetual block reward.  Many Bitcoin users chose Bitcoin because the money issuance will one day disappear.  They're going to leave if perpetual block reward will be done.
@_date: 2017-09-01 09:36:05
Up up down down left right left right B A start
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:50:40
Ever seen SegWit?  Or Extension Blocks?
It won't increase the so-called "base block size", but really, that's not the goal anyway.  The goal is ***more transactions per second***.  Whether that is done by moving stuff around and underreporting to unupgraded nodes, or by increasing the so-called "base block size", it's still a block size increase.
@_date: 2017-10-18 04:56:12
Bitcoin uses ECDSA, not RSA.
@_date: 2017-10-17 03:23:45


Sorry, but this will be very technical, involving technology and economics.
Most people assume bigger blocks is better, because it translates to more transactions.
First: we can get 2MB blocks now.  That's SegWit.  On average we can get 2MB blocks if SegWit usage increases to almost 100%, with some blocks getting up to 3.4MB.  For reference, we have had 1.4MB blocks from 9% SegWit usage already.
Second: Coinbase's "2X" is twice whatever SegWit does.  It's 2MB for "legacy" transactions, but 4MB to 8MB for "SegWit" transactions.
* As a simple intuition, increasing block size is like increasing airplane weight.  Yes, a heavier plane is likely to be able to carry more passengers.  But all things considered, we should try to keep airplane weight down (because the cost of flying a plane is quadratic on the weight of the plane) while doing various techniques to improve the number of passengers.
* There's a phenomenon known as [Induced Demand]( the higher the supply, the higher the demand.  This is important for city planning: increasing road size does not improve travel times as much as you think, because more people will use the road until travel times increase.  The **real** metric that should be improved is the **speed of public transport**.  Regardless of road size, people will use public transport if it's faster than using their private cars (despite the inconvenience of public transport: possibly sitting beside weirdos, not being able to pick your nose, having control over your destiny, etc.), reducing traffic.  Or in other words: people will use private cars until the traffic increases to the point that using public transport is faster and easier.  Thus: we should use Lightning Network (create a public transport mechanism on top of existing roads/blocksize) rather than increase block size (increase road width).
* The base-level Bitcoin network couldn't handle 300kB blocks.  Yes, 300kB blocks were starting to collapse miners into mining pools and smaller mining pols into larger mining pools some years ago.  Then Bitcoin Relay Network happened, and that let us make up to 1MB blocks.  Today, BRN is replaced with Fast Internet Block Relay Engine (FIBRE).  Yes, we can do 2MB blocks with FIBRE now: but that's what SegWit gives us.  The "2X" crap reaches up to 4MB on average, which is the upper edge of the safe FIBRE limit.  If FIBRE fails, then expect stronger miner centralization than currently.
* Speaking of FIBRE, BitMain (the fucking asshole "large miner" everyone here is shitting on) together with a bunch of Bitcoin companies promised to help support FIBRE.  They did for maybe a year.  Turns out the guy running FIBRE, Matt Corallo, had to pester the Bitcoin companies to remind them of the support they promised every quarter.  He got fed up and now pays for FIBRE out of his pocket (presumably he owns so much Bitcoin it's chump change to him).  Yes, you can consider FIBRE to be a centralized infrastructure at this point (fortunately it is infeasible to filter out/censor blocks without sacrificing FIBRE's speed), because BitMain, Coinbase, and a bunch of other companies refused to step up and pay for the infrastructure.  For reference, FIBRE helps small miners and solo miners keep up with the BitMain mining powerhouse, and is the basis for Bitcoin's continued censorship resistance.  It also shows you how much trust you should put to the "word" of these companies: they promise you anything, you won't get it if they'll earn more if they "forget" their promise.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:21:29
Unless I'm secretly Satoshi, in which case, I'm not a liar!
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:00:36
Electrum has a setting for that: Tools &gt; Preferences, Fees tab, unset "dynamic fees".
Unfortunately you have to compute the fee by yourself rather than specify fee rate, and Electrum won't tell you tx size.  Rule of thumb is 180 bytes per input plus 34 bytes per output, multiply that by fee rate.
You probably also want to enable "replace by fee" so you can lowball the fee, then increase it if you become impatient.
@_date: 2017-09-20 08:20:17
xref. ETH and ETC
xref. BTC and BCH
Sure, there's more than a single user on the "other side" of the hardfork.  But in principle, as long as someone somewhere values the "other side" of a popular hardfork, there will be someone quixotically keeping that alive.
That's why hardforks are largely verboten at this point, and why SegWit providing a size increase as a softfork is such a significant advantage.
At the minimum anyone with an existing SHA256x2 hardware will be inherently incentivized to use the "other side" of a PoW change hardfork.  Then simple economics implies that exchanges are going to provide a path between the two sides, no matter how much they might hate each other.
@_date: 2018-02-12 09:25:26
What?  No.  If people can get more money by buying racks of hard disks and putting them in datacenters, how in the blue blazes will that not increase the price of hard disks?  If I can earn $1/day for my 500Gb free space, why would I not invest $40 in a 1Tb hard disk and earning  (my previous 500Gb free space plus the 1Tb new disk) and recouping my costs in 20 days?  And if I can do that, why can't everyone else do that, and do you think the price of 1Tb hard disks is going to keep to $40 in the face of so much demand?
If your argument is that "the cryptocurrency would not have incredibly high market cap" that simply means your cryptocurrency is a loser in the market, and thus can be ignored. If it succeeds, it will have an incredibly high market cap and that will drive more people getting more hard disks.
Take a look at how random "ASIC-resistant" cryptocurrencies whose market caps are individually lower than Bitcoin's and how they have driven up GPU prices to the point that serious gamers are ***weeping*** to see what the *real* effects will be.
@_date: 2017-09-12 12:54:21
But cryptoalien2017's cynical conspiracy theory!
@_date: 2018-02-12 05:44:02
But LN is vaporware!
@_date: 2017-09-06 06:29:47


Point is, for me here in the Philippines, the 160Gb Bitcoin blockchain is already going to take me a few months just for the download.
I could probably get the blockchain from someone in a DVD or harddisk, and it would be cheaper, but "download it for the first time" is already a big step for me.
@_date: 2018-11-12 01:40:51
Schnorr is starting to be discussed, so maybe 2 years to code up and another 2 years to activate because drama.
In theory, MimbleWimble guarded with BulletProofs could be added as an extension block (it would be pretty hard/impossible to add it otherwise) "today", if someone were willing to start the discussion and start coding.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:16:00
So... we're going to point out that Bitcoin SCRIPT is a programming language and that restricting certain programs (i.e. P2PKH or P2SH addresses, which at the tx level are encoded as Bitcoin SCRIPT programs) is equivalent to banning of free speech, right?
@_date: 2017-09-13 05:36:15
There's a common standard for recovering the wallet using a set of 12 to 24 words.  Trezor would have given you 24 words to keep secret that you should be keeping on a piece of paper somewhere safe.
You (or anyone else who gets those papers) can recover the wallet using any wallet software and hardware wallet that uses the same standard, not just on a Trezor.
You could get a Ledger Nano S, put in the words, and have a wallet that can spend as if it were spending from the Trezor (basically, the money is stored on the blockchain, and the hardware wallet is just the key that unlocks the money; copying the key lets you unlock the same money).
However, those other wallets ("third party", since they're not made by Trezor) will not see SegWit UTXO's received by the Trezor in a SegWit address unless those wallets update to SegWit.
@_date: 2017-09-21 07:25:48
**S**atoshi **N**akamoto is just **N**ick **S**zabo's sockpuppet.
@_date: 2017-09-14 06:56:09
The boy can't be your last ancestor unless one of your parents, grandparents, great-grandparents etc. had themselves cryopreserved as a teenager. Maybe you were thinking descendant?
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:06:46
Somebody arbitrage [India](
@_date: 2017-10-06 02:58:12
See?  Peer review right there.  Also, the spec is the code.  Fucking gmax, why don't you cut your [beard]( now? /s
@_date: 2018-02-15 01:09:35
Well my hireling (freelancer I hired to work on Lightning part time) said it (mostly store.blockstream.com) brought in a bunch of issues for all 3 major implementations. Mostly incompatibilities across impls. They've since added some commands to force recovery of funds.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:09:30
Get RFID for your worthless object.  Gain access to somebody else's valuable object.  Replace RFID of somebody else's valuable object with the RFID of your worthless object.  Call cops and point to WALTONCHAIN's public ledger as evidence of ownership.
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:07:17
If they do not value it enough to HODL it.
1.  Has only one main developer and one or two others.
2.  Does not have Pieter Wuille.
3.  Does not have any of the other known-great Core developers behind it.
4.  Is a hardfork and therefore unsafe.
5.  Is rushed and may possibly have bugs.
6.  Might not get MAST.
@_date: 2017-09-09 15:54:59
Think about it.  If you sell at 10x, you are suddenly wealthy, you suddenly are able to buy things you couldn't before.  Everything you buy gets reported (sales tax).  You use a credit card, that gets recorded.  Sudden increase in the money deposited in your bank account, reported.
IRS is gonna wonder if you're running drugs for the mafia and start investigating.  Filing the taxes tells them to relax, you got the money from bitcoin mooning.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:02:15
Lightning.  Schnorr signature non-interactive aggregation. UTXO set commitments.
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:09:16
Yeah, with another reset and with The One sacrificed to trigger that reset.  *Just as planned*
@_date: 2017-09-19 23:59:22


FWIW, the really expensive tulips are those with a viral infection that makes their flowers have really intense colors.  As they're infected, they're a lot more likely to die if not properly cared for.  Also, to my understanding the virus does not get into seeds: seeds of a valuable tulip are worthless because not infected.  You could only grow more by letting the bulbs grow and split - but this was limited by the fact that the bulb was infected with a virus, so it's a lot less likely to split and there's a risk that it will die trying to split.
ANYWAY, what really grind my gears is people who keep asking "won't quantum computers break bitcoin??".  Then answers that "well that's why difficulty will adjust when hashers go quantum!!"
QUANTUM DOES NOT SPEED UP HASHING.  QUANTUM DOES NOT BREAK HASHING!  QUANTUM BREAKS ELLIPTIC CURVES, AND THAT'S WHY WE USE P2PKH AND NOT P2PK (THE H IS HASH! QUANTUM DOES NOT BREAK HASHING!)
It's the combination of ignorance about quantum and ignorance about Bitcoin that raises my temperature.
@_date: 2017-09-12 09:56:19
I know who I'm replying to, that's Pieter Wuille.  I'm a pwuille fanboy:
So yes, this is a joke.  Somebody else reading through the thread might have assumed that Pieter Wuille was seriously considering my "contribution", when in fact it's pretty obvious that its speedup is due to not actually, you know, checking.  That's why "It validates the historical chain without problems!" is so funny, too.
@_date: 2017-09-21 08:10:03
Fucking zombie, why won't you die?
@_date: 2017-09-04 04:15:09
God posted too, from before he created the Universe.
@_date: 2017-09-17 06:13:55
Try looking up Lightning Nwtwork.
@_date: 2017-09-05 07:50:36
Sometimes headhunters will randomly contact people they find on github with some random thing, on the off-chance it works.
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:14:50
PBOC: Bitcoin not money.  No need to regulate cryptocurrency exchanges.  Buying and selling of Bitcoin is not taxable!
@_date: 2017-09-07 09:20:43
He wasn't complaining, he was pointing out that it could rise in price very speedily as demand increases.
@_date: 2017-09-11 14:23:14
Spending from either one will reveal the public key.  In a few months/years/decades/centuries/millenia, Quantum computers will be able to derive the private key from the public key in 128^3 computational steps (how quickly will a Quantum computer process a step? nobody knows yet) rather than 2^256 steps for normal computers.
That's really the reason why addresses should not be reused: once a public key is revealed, a future quantum computer can hack it, so you should stop reusing the public key before quantum computers are developed enough to hack 256-bit ECDSA.
Bitcoin addresses that haven't been spent yet are encoded in P2PKH or Pay to Public Key Hash, so the address itself won't reveal the public key (quantum computers have no special advantage against hash functions).
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:35:11


That's a bit of a gamble, as you might die or get badly disabled tomorrow, with your family unable to get good financial support (assuming you're the major breadwinner) within the lock time.
@_date: 2017-09-27 07:18:15
Every hash put in somebody else's blockchain is a hash not put in "their" blockchain.
@_date: 2017-09-05 03:06:12
Tree argument makes no sense at all. Small world studies suggests 6 hop distance. Even in a non small world, LN supports 20 hop distance. Flare routing (not in Lightning BOLT 1.0 but may appear in a later spec) can simplify route finding.
The political angle is all there is to it. Big blockers want adoption and tx rate at all costs even if the base layer collapses into a centralized mass. Before Lightning, engineers were talking Chaumian blinded banks and sidechains, which are semicentral solutions that would keep the base network decentralized, unlike big blocks which would collapse the base network into an inefficient PayPal. Lightning is a tremendous improvement that keeps the base layer decentralized while being a lot less centralized than Chaumian banks, sidechains, or frickin BitPay.
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:56:18
Moore's law was an observation of various metrics related to chip design. Note however that it is not a true law and past performance is not an assurance of future performance. Metrics like maximum achievable clock speed and gates per unit area have started to slow down, for example.
It's only being applied to Bitcoin price as yet another observation, but again, past performance is not an assurance of future performance.
(It's weak evidence of future of future performance but it does not guarantee it)
@_date: 2018-02-13 09:45:26
While Ethereum is the main cryptocurrency that markets programmable money and smart contracts, Bitcoin actually pioneered the field.  Smart contracts are hooked into Bitcoin via P2SH: instead of presenting the smart contract immediately on payment, it is on spending that you present the smart contract (the "script" in P2SH) and its inputs.
Note that things like multi-signature wallets and cross-chain atomic swaps *are* smart contracts.
Indeed even P2PKH is a form of smart contract and it is possible to embed a P2PKH script in a P2SH.
The same embedding can be used for SegWit addresses (P2WPKH and P2WSH).  Thus for compatibility with legacy wallets that do not yet support SegWit but *do* support P2SH, it is possible to generate a P2SH address that embeds a P2WPKH, hence the P2SH-P2WPKH construction.
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:01:42
Haha, yes probably also need to be added.  That and Neutrino.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:02:20
It's already done automatically by modern wallets, it's why we have the concept of a "change address".  The change address is always a separate address (one that is not yet used) from the address(es) you spent from.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:58:43
Nowhere, because it's not a circle.  It's a decentralized network.
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:24:14
[FIBRE network]( transmits blocks much faster than normal Bitcoin relay network does.  There's also [compact blocks]( where the block's contents are represented with txids rather than transactions, and the node only asks for transactions that it can't find in its own mempool (FIBRE also uses compact blocks to speed up its already fast transmissions).
So they can update the mempool very quickly.  In fact, it's the whole point of not allowing large blocks: if the blocks get much larger, then the relay time and the verification time get large enough that smaller miners lose out on a lot of earnings.
Also, some miners engage in SPY mining; as soon as they hear of a block header being published, they start mining an empty block until they can receive the whole blocks, verify them, and update their mempools.  It's kind of dick behavior, but well.
@_date: 2017-09-21 23:09:51
Well, sure, although artificial intelligence and machine learning are not fields that are relevant to the backbone of a financial system anyway.  But you were asking "just a couple of guys who got in during the early days and now control the protocol?", which seems to imply doubt of their ability.
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:19:52
buy the fucking dip!!
@_date: 2018-11-12 01:43:22
Everything, including block size increases and even frikkin' infinite inflation or sub-satoshi amounts, can be added via softforks. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:44:23
Sigh.  This question keeps cropping up every day.  It is not a concern.
1.  If only one guy had any BTC and everyone else wanted it, you bet that guy is gonna spend bits and pieces of his BTC for stuff and shit.  This distributes the money back to the economy.  If everyone in the world died at the same time, then it wouldn't matter whether or not bitcoins could be recovered, would it?
2.  Additional decimal positions can be forked in at some point.  Heck, even Lightning Network already denominates payments in 1/1000 of a satoshi, adding 3 more decimal positions.  It's only rounded down when committed on-chain.
3.  It's deflationary by design.  At some point the rate of money getting lost will exceed the rate at which Bitcoins are mined.  This is intended to reward frugality and retain purchasing power.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:43:33
I use fiat.
Oh you mean what I use to time the dip?  I don't.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:43:40
See it as "redditor for 6 weeks" here.
Grats on the supportive wife, mine is asking me why I'm not putting all our savings into BTC.  I point out that part of our savings is for the kid's tuition next year and for some rainy day funds and the volatility makes that a bit risky to be ALL in.  Maybe when our stash is larger and the volatility is a little less, we can afford to keep all savings in BTC.
@_date: 2018-02-13 10:13:23
That is correct; if your software encounters a witness version number that it does not recognize (not necessarily higher or lower than some value) then it will assume it is valid; you won't verify it but you would instead depend on the fact that presumably the miner verified it (otherwise they would have lost money on orphaned blocks).
However you *will* need to transfer your funds from your current ECDSA SegWit to a new Bellare-Neven Signatures-SegWit address.  The new address type can be expressed using P2SH (the same way the current ECDSA SegWit can be expressed using "3" P2SH addresses), or expressed using the new BECH32 encoding that starts with "bc1". (BECH32 addresses will be slightly more efficient onchain for various low-level technical reasons)
(Please do not call it Schnorr; Schnorr's multisignature scheme is broken and Bellare-Neven had to fix it.  Also Schnorr is kind of a jerk \[[Dryja, T., 2017](
@_date: 2017-10-03 00:06:41
me too! who are the other 9,996?
@_date: 2018-11-19 00:40:56
Scaling up routefinding.
@_date: 2018-11-28 00:59:32
I'm a fan of it, that's why :)
@_date: 2018-11-12 23:39:40
It would be embraced if it's evident that Satoshi's million is being used to destabilize the market.  Nobody with a stake in Bitcoin will want its value to drop, so accepting a softfork that bans spend of Satoshi's million will be acceptable to any rational economic being.
Such a softfork may already exist and be in use on the network; there is nothing that would differentiate it from an unmodified client currently, as there have been no attempts to spend Satoshi's million yet.
Indeed, if it looks like true quantum computers will arrive in less than 5 years, we will have to switch to post-quantum signatures (and move your coins to the new post-quantum scheme during a grace period) and then afterwards ban spends of pre-quantum coins.  Satoshi would have to move its coin at that point, or lose the ability to attack.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:47:47
How do you get the transactions from genesis?  Over the Internet?  Who stores it, then?
How do you verify the transactions from genesis?  Does your computer verify it, or do you blindly trust your download?
@_date: 2017-10-04 03:57:13


If you mean the Bitcoin system --- the Bitcoin network only sees the hash of the P2SH, until you spend it.  So it won't be able to confirm that your P2SH follows certain rules unless you try spending it.  But by then the P2SH address has been sent to already.
It's the responsibility of the wallet software to prevent such things.  You should complain to coinb.in
@_date: 2017-09-21 08:11:26
...and with strange eons even China will die.
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:40:09
I summarized these methods a few weeks back:
(the timelocked replace-by-fee is how I understood luke-jr's proposal, it might not be accurate)
Edit: here's a better source: 
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:06:10
Sorry but it's still gameable: just send some transactions from yourself to yourself.  If you're a miner you can even just make 0-fee transactions --- 0-fee transactions aren't relayed but at the consensus layer they're allowed, so the miner can just fill the blocks with a series of 0-fee transactions going back to addresses they control.  Bam, full blocks, even if nobody is using bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-20 08:23:32
Yah, EFF even dropped out of W3C because of that.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:35:03
Yah, MAST is going up soon I can just taste it!  Schnorr's next!  And petertodd and gmax are discussing Confidential Transactions again!  And there's more talking about Drivechains!  And finally somebody is seriously proposing UTXO set commitments!  LN software are in beta!  BLOCKSTREAM SATELLITE = BITCOIN IN SPACE!!!
Oh you mean the price speculation?  Gaaaaah, who cares, the tech is a lot more interesting than the price.  Now get off my lambo you young whippersnapper...
@_date: 2017-09-07 09:15:03
They're welcome too, whatever gender pronoun ey or er or em want.
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:12:02
Yes, they certainly seem quite comprehensive, and fixes the problems with proof-of-stake.  It seems basically to combine proof-of-stake and proof-of-work, which is what other production proof-of-stake coins actually do (edit: if they don't make the mistake of using developer-signed checkpoints).
I'll read it through and see what holes I can punch.
@_date: 2017-09-06 22:38:29
Somebody mentioned Blockstream Satellite already.  Also, spend-by-SMS.  Theoretically those are all you need to verifiably receive and send Bitcoin.  Gmax (nullc) also once offered to send some guy's tx if they send a printout or QR of the tx by snail mail.
@_date: 2017-09-20 08:57:31


Given that a good part of the infrastructure is with hydroelectric power plants, and a good part of those is used by miners, I suspect a good part of the economy growth is due to Bitcoin mining.
Okay, so they shut down the miners, what will they do with the electricity?  Most of the mines are in remote areas near the power plants, since all they export is data; if they replace it with a traditional factory, the costs will increase relative to the mines as they now need to export physical goods.  They could connect the power plant to the grid of less remote areas, but electrical power dissipates over distance, so if the power plant is remote, its usability for anything other than cryptocurrency mining is going to be lower.
I'm thinking there's the possibility that this move will not destroy Bitcoin, but rather destroy China.
@_date: 2017-09-16 23:59:44
Not me, but I'm just one techie, sigh.
@_date: 2017-09-11 00:49:17
Yes.  You can send legacy-&gt;legacy, legacy-&gt;SegWit, SegWit-&gt;legacy, SegWit-&gt;SegWit.
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:22:52
Casascius was making physical bitcoins, and FinCEN shut him down since he could be judged as a money transmitter if he couldn't prove that the people paying him BTC for physical bitcoins were exactly the same as the people who were going to receive the physical bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:15:02
Bank, what's a bank?  You know, that place Rosrit keeps going to, just to ask about Bitcoin?  Is it like a brothel or bar or something?
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:19:08
Bitcoin will go up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, start.
@_date: 2017-09-12 08:54:17
Central banks can afford to perform bank bailouts because they can arbitrarily print money to be loaned out to banks and keep them solvent.
In addition, the effect of bank bailouts is lessened since banks will no longer hold custody over customer money, they will mostly operate to match lenders with loaners.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:05:39
Do so if fees are cheap.  This lets you consolidate your UTXO's and puts them in UTXO's that are cheaper to spend in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-17 03:43:22
This will still not decentralize mining.  As long as electricity prices are not similar all over the world (for reference, the cheapest electricity price is 33 times cheaper than the highest [in this table]( miners will centralize where electricity price is low.
Electricity price all over the world will not equalize due to costs of arbitraging (i.e. transporting) electricity.
@_date: 2017-10-20 05:24:14
Then please consider *what* you replied to this comment: 


@_date: 2017-09-25 23:17:28
Thanks, that's actually quite interesting.  It puts the voting on the sidechain "miners" rather than the mainchain miners.
There's this text though:


Hmm, I don't see how it becomes a weak peg...?
Although I would think a weak peg would be better than no peg at all!
@_date: 2017-09-20 13:59:50
Transaction rate would increase by slightly less than 90% (not a strict doubling) due to increased verification time (more empty SPY mined blocks). Transaction congestion may not improve much due to induced demand.
Hardforks do not fail safe: if there is even a sizable minority contention then a persistent chainsplit occurs. Cost of setting up new mining pools or solo mining increase due to need for larger bandwidth and faster verification. Cost of starting a new fullnode increases dramatically due to increased rate at which blockchain grows. Greater pressure to do SPY mining which wastes potential block space to empty blocks. Increased load on public FIBRE network, risking temporary chainsplits unless miners collocate geographically; geographic collocation of miners risky as any single government (or terrorist) can badly cripple bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-16 08:12:01
Currently the entirety of Liquid has about 2.2BTC only.
It's really just a custodial wallet with fast transfers between users of the same custodial wallet (totally typical with custodial wallets). Advantages are: (1) database entries are obscured by RingCT, so only entry and exit can be visible (2) multiple identified functionaries instead of a single institution or company, so better decentralization than using Coinbase to send and receive Bitcoin between Coinbase users.
@_date: 2018-02-12 06:44:15
Which developer?  If I want to be a new developer, who vets my access to that bitcoin address?  If I want to rage-quit, who revokes my access to the bitcoin address?
So why do you not start?  I am an aspiring Bitcoin Core developer, but I have too little time to develop Bitcoin, will you pay me so I can quit my day job for that?  How would *you* vet that I am actually doing Bitcoin Core work and not something else?  And from there, how would you scale things so that you and a bunch of your friends (or total strangers!) can gather money together to fund a bunch of me and my friends (or total strangers) who are developing?
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:01:52
Nah, your parents were just able to protect you from the shittiness of the world, until something so shitty happened that it opened your eyes.
As a parent, I find my instincts to be similar, you see.  I don't want my kids having to handle the existence of massive evils in the world.
Then I reflect on this, and realize that at some point my kids are gonna be wise enough, or something really shitty is going to be shitty enough, that the veil of ignorance will get pulled away.
I reflect further and realize that my parents probably did the same to me.
The world isn't getting worse, my friend.  Only our perception of it is.  We were kids, we believed in sunshine and rainbows.  Now we're the ones giving a little bit of fantasy playland to the next generation, to let kids be kids for a little while.
But you read history seriously, not the clapshit memorization of dates in schools but how people lived and worked and fought and died, and you realize how much better today is than the past was.
And yes past performance is not an indicator of future performance, but in the long run the world will be a better place.
Just like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-08 08:59:59
If your coworker has been ranting about, say, how much of a revolution WEARING CLOWN CLOTHES are, and how it will revolutionize finance, and he or she has gotten so annoying about WEARING CLOWN CLOTHES that you are sick of it, I am pretty sure that you would like WEARING CLOWN CLOTHES to be taken down a peg or two just to stop that annoying WEARING CLOWN CLOTHES guy/gal from being annoying.
Now consider that to an average person who has no knowledge of elliptic curves, economic incentives to cooperate, radical libertarianism, and deflationary currency, BITCOIN is indistinguishable from WEARING CLOWN CLOTHES.
On average, people are not awful.  Human being brain designs are fucking godawful, it takes GOD-level incompetence to create a brain that cannot cross a street and multiply two 2-digit numbers at the same time while still managing to use that brain as a survival mechanism for a cold cruel universe.  Lots of people see the end behavior without being able to see the history behind that end behavior.
@_date: 2017-09-22 09:26:15
SegWit does 2Mb.  BitPay could just switch to using SegWit.
Also, the problem is that consistent 4Mb blocks may overburden important infrastructure like FIBRE.  If FIBRE fails, small mining pools and solo miners will be unable to compete, large mining pools will make backroom deals on behalf of the Bitcoin users, and we've got an inefficient version of PayPal with a constantly-growing unpruneable database.
If BitPay can't compete because 1Mb blocks, they can't compete, period.  It's not like they can change what the tech can do, not if they're not willing to pay for devs to work on it.  2X?  Good luck keeping that running!
@_date: 2017-09-27 05:22:39
Bitcoin 2.0.
@_date: 2017-09-12 09:07:05
Approximately 25 times what you spend in a year, assuming the economy grows at a rate of 4% per annum.  Basically, just do 1/(returnofinvestment), with 4% being generally considered a "conservative" assumption of investment growth.
Assume that you can set aside 10% of your salary into savings and investments, then 90% of your salary per year is what you spend for your current lifestyle.  Then multiply that by 25, and that's the money you need to control.
So divide that by the number of bticoins you own now, and you know at what point you can say "~~FUCK YOU~~ EAT ME" to your boss.
(it's the concept of "fuck-you money": it's the amount of money you need to HODL so that you can, in practice, say "fuck you" to anything you don't want to do)
@_date: 2017-09-12 08:55:22


Difference of opinion then.  Would you like to discuss or not?
@_date: 2018-11-16 07:07:43
My (sort of) "employee" said it's basically the destination provides a partial incomplete onion from a "rendezvous point" to its node.  Then the source concatenates the onion route to the rendezvous point.  This prevents the source from knowing the node pubkey of the destination, and ensures symmetry --- currently the destination cannot know who on the Lightning Network is the source, with this, the source cannot know who on the Lightning Network is the destination.
Of course the source and destination need to somehow get in contact on some other network that isn't LN, but at least the contact point on the non-LN network is not correlated with the node on the LN network, which improves privacy.
Privacy isn't really a Boolean.  It's more like, you now have more options for controlling what information people know about you.  There is no ultimate privacy, just privacy enough for your purposes.
@_date: 2018-02-14 03:01:44
It wasn't in the original design, and modifying Bitcoin to do so requires design work that nobody has gotten around to doing.  Many of the current devs are ex-miners or bought Bitcoin cheap, meaning their large HODLings are improved by securing the network for the sake of securing their HODLings.
@_date: 2017-09-19 02:53:09
If so, I think it's more of a family decision than actually his decision.  Your main concern would be buying now, then Bitcoin price dropping, then him dying of old age before he gets to enjoy the fruits of his investment.  But if it's for the family (presumably you have kids/nephews/nieces?) then it's a pretty good long-term strategy: save as much as you can, put a good chunk in Bitcoin and a good chunk in a more traditional investment, then wait things out in your farm.
If your farm is pretty sunny or can get cheap hydroelectric power, and is not that productive as a farm or you have some spare land/house space you could use (for solar panels), you could consider building a cryptocurrency mine there too.
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:34:20
I started mining with the genesis block in January 3, 2009.
@_date: 2017-09-21 07:45:36
Blockchains are very good at being decentralized, and the decentralization massively helps protect against censorship.
Unfortunately blockchains are always going to keep increasing in size.  In addition, every transaction needs to be broadcast to everyone in the world (which also helps against censorship).  Given that information cannot travel faster than the speed of light, and the number of bits you can transmit over an electromagnetic spectrum has a limit, this limits the number of transactions the entire network can handle safely.  The block size limit is not some centralized limit imposed by EVIL BlockingMyStreamAXABilderburgNorthCorea, it's an engineering safeguard to prevent the system from going too near its failure point; ultimately, reality as we understand it is the limitation on the transaction rate.
In fact, some time ago, Core engineers were considering the possibility that off-chain transactions handled by trusted but blinded Chaumian banks would be the only way to scale.  The novel construction of Lightning Network is important as it removes the trust requirement, allows recovery even if your counterparty disappears, and even though it is not blinded at the individual pay-Peter-to-pay-Paul level, it's blinded enough that Peter can't be sure if Paul is the ultimate payee or someone further downstream.
@_date: 2017-09-23 05:41:07
As a HODLER I have no pressing need to move my valuable BTC coins, and if I did, as I value my sovereign right to control what the rules of my coin are, I would pay top bitcoin for the privilege. I am quite sure there will be more than a fewminers willing to accept my offer.
@_date: 2017-10-05 23:24:01
Why 8 Mweight? Why not 16 Mweight, or 6 Mweight? What basis is there other than that was proposed by 2X?
Also, does it have to be a HARD fork? If we can figure out a softfork solution, is it unacceptable because it is a less disruptive soft fork?
Isn't the real measure we want to improve transactions per second rather than weight per block? If we can gather a bunch of softforks that in total provide 2x transactions per second, is it unacceptable simply because **it is not a HARD fork**?
You claim us as the "never hardfork" crowd, have you considered that you are in the "always hardfork" crowd instead?
@_date: 2017-09-04 08:48:45
No.  Call that a dip?  I've seen 2500-&gt;1800.  Heck I heard about (but wasn't in BTC at that time) &gt;1000 -&gt; 200.  Long term, Bitcoin is the future.  Just keep your fiat cost averaging shields up boys!
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:18:50
LOL, yes.  Never mind the below facts:
1. The feature was supposed to also provide clients with status of the miner.
2.  It's pointless to be able remotely shutdown an antminer if you can't even know if it's overheating unless you actually go to it and check.  So remote status updates must be higher priority than remote shutdown.
3.  It is strictly easier for the miner to report its status, versus the implemented behavior: report its MAC address and wait for a response as to whether it should continue mining or not.
4.  There was no sign of any code for reporting status, at all.  Heck it was already reporting its MAC address, it was only a little bit more to include its temp and hashrate, but it wasn't implemented LOL.
5.  The code to shutdown remotely was present and working fine, with no way to turn off the remote shutdown feature.
6. The configuration option to turn off MinerLink was a placebo that did nothing, because the variable that turned off the remote shutdown feature was initialized to true and never cleared in any code.
Edit: Here: 
Edit2: Also: 
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:10:10
Merkle trees allow a small proof-of-incusion, which is not possible by "adding all transaction hash together".
Suppose I claim that a transaction T is on a block B.  How do you prove this?
If what is committed is the "sum" of the transaction ids, then you need to show all the transaction ids in the block B as proof.  This is O(N) on the size of the block.
If what is committed is the Merkle tree instead, then a proof of inclusion is simply the path from the Merkle tree root to the exact txid (the leaf).  This is O(log n) on the size of the block.
@_date: 2018-02-08 08:41:53
Some months ago, when Bitpay announced support for 2X, created a BtcPay repo on github.  Sure it was just a README back then, but a start was a start.
Today BtcPay is working production software.
Start a LiberationBazaar repo now!
@_date: 2017-10-11 09:25:44
It's in btc1.  Whether or not it is in the wild is a tough question, you'll only really know when the 2X fork starts.
@_date: 2017-09-22 00:12:14
My understanding is that for a proper ETF you would need to gather so many ETF shares, then go to the ETF operator and exchange it for the underlying asset. Similarly you can come in with a bunch of underlying asset and exchange it for ETF shares.
If the net asset value per share drifts out of alignment with share market price, people will use the above mechanism to arbitrage the difference in price. If an ETF share is too low for underlying asset, people will buy ETF shares (increasing its price) and exchange it with the ETF operator for underlying asset, then sell underlying asset (reducing asset price). And vice versa.
ETF operator does literally nothing but exchange shares for assets and assets for shares.
@_date: 2018-02-13 09:50:49
LN requires a malleability fix to ensure that the transaction pattern it uses is safe. (specifically, a later transaction allows backoff/noncooperative close, and is signed first, before the transaction that actually locks the money into the channel is even broadcast and confirmed).  Without SegWit that pattern is unsafe as malleation of the locking transaction would invalidate the noncooperative close transaction, allowing hostage of your funds.
@_date: 2018-11-13 00:08:33
No.  We are talking about timescales of decades, however, so it may eventually become possible.
@_date: 2018-02-12 06:27:07
He's not.  The only use for blockchains is for transfer-of-value.  Recording events requires only an appropriate database and database schema.
@_date: 2017-09-05 04:09:40
USDT is lower in value than USD due to Thether counterparty risk, but this should mean Bitfinex price is higher than other exchanges.
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:47:31
They're both related to cryptocurrency.  It's the horns effect/aura effect.
@_date: 2017-10-06 02:50:33
It will only be a non-event if the people who signed it publicly repudiate it.
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:41:06
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:05:30
While I like sidechains... why emulate the Ethereum VM?
Probably better to have MimbleWimble as a sidechain, or even an extension block.
@_date: 2017-09-30 04:35:35
Human beings evolved in communities that had a Big Man to lead them. This makes each and every one of us seek to find some peerless, perfect leader to follow.
It is that desire, built into the very fabric of your self, that is making you seek some central leader.
But the human brain itself will exploit any leadership role it has. Power corrupts, because the brain will always seek ways to leverage its power to get mo' ho's to fuck. And your consciousness exists only to make excuses for why you should be given more power.
That is why we shall never have a leader.
Satoshi is dead. May he remain dead forever.
@_date: 2017-09-11 14:13:46
Don't worry, I couldn't get the maths and the algos myself, I just know what they do based on what Core claims they do.  Hahaha.
But basically, all of those are needed just to make 1Mb blocks (and 2Mb blocks of SegWit) even workable.  Bitcoin versions less than 0.10 are going to collapse into a little puddle of thrashing virtual memory even in server-class hardware if they had to download and verify the blockchain today, and that's with the 1Mb block limit being imposed for months already and only recently getting barely 1.3Mb SegWit blocks.  Going for much larger blocks than SegWit's theoretical 2Mb is going to start collapsing the network pretty quickly.  Large blockers really have very little clue of what large blocks lead to, and what optimizations the current set of Core devs have done just to make 1Mb blocks work.
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:40:28
I have no idea what you mean by "WaltonChain" and have no real interest in finding out what it is.
@_date: 2017-09-19 09:08:05
Mining requires good latency though, otherwise you're forced to SPY mine, mine empty blocks, and turn down fees.  Worse, with bad latency, any new block you found might be received later than another miner's block, making it less likely that your work will be built on; latency is the enemy of mining.  Tor has a bigger effect on latency than bandwidth.
If Blockstream manages to point their satellites at or near hidden Chinese mines within the year, though, it would be slightly easier to get low-latency blocks, although the latency of sending new blocks you just mined would remain.  Keeping block sizes low would also help latency, so Jihan, stop being stupid.
@_date: 2017-09-20 08:37:42
Blockstream's satellites covers most of Africa and Middle East.  Txes are small enough that you could send by SMS (somebody prototyped a system).  Internet not required.
Still more challenges (reliable power supply, cheap-enough equipment, equipment delivery, skill to point the equipment at the satellite, an SMS number to send to, etc), but it's being worked on, and Bitcoin still has the first-mover advantage at least.
@_date: 2017-09-11 09:18:08
Given the procedure of responsible reporting of vulnerabilities, it is plausible for someone to find a vulnerability that, completely by accident, is fixed in some cleanup or optimization in a later version, with the people making the code cleanup or optimization not being aware of the vulnerability.
Of course, it could be that the cleanup/optimization is just claimed by the developers to be a cleanup/optimization in the code commits, without revealing that it's actually a fix of a vulnerability.
Basically, I'm giving chjj the benefit of the doubt; it's possible he looked at the change and it triggered some latent realization in his brain that some vulnerability could occur if the change was not present.  Since responsible reporting requires that the devs keep quiet about it until release, he wouldn't have necessarily known that the devs already knew it, so it's plausible to claim it as an "independent" rediscovery.
Whether or not they say "yeah, we know, that's the real reason it was fixed, it wasn't an optimization/cleanup actually", however, the responsible thing is DO NOT REVEAL THE VULNERABILITY UNTIL THE FIX IS IN A STATE THAT IT IS DEPLOYABLE.
Given no other information about chjj (I've never heard of him) I'm giving the benefit of the doubt that chjj may have just been overexcited, saw the code was in the repos and fixed it anyway, and assumed it was already in a deployable state without first checking with the devs.
@_date: 2017-10-18 07:40:31
Hardforks will never be safe ever from now on.  Not even hardforks with significant Core support.  Softforks from now on, even for block size increase.
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:37:36
Fucking zombie, why can't you remain dead?
@_date: 2017-09-18 05:21:33
Well that's chilling \^\^ yikes
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:16:48
The private key shouldn't be programmed by Ledger, it should be generated by the device separately from Ledger the company, otherwise you'd be trusting Ledger the company that they didn't keep the private keys for all Ledger devices and then will one day disappear and steal all them coins.
So the device is the only one which should generate the private key, independently of Ledger the company (if they don't, that's a bigger issue than interception of Ledger devices, potentially allowing someone to hack Ledger company directly and steal all coins on all Ledger devices).  And if the device generates the private key, then an intercepted/replaced device can act *almost* like a Ledger *except* having weak private key generation, which the interceptor can crack easily (i.e. in less than a lifetime).
@_date: 2017-10-06 06:32:58
One thing I've figured out would require multi-asset blockchains.
For someone to loan you BTC, you would need to put some other asset as collateral to the loan.
The loan shark generates a random preimage and a zk-proof that the preimage is within the 520-byte push limit, then gives you the hash.  You create an HTLC spending your asset: if the timeout ends (i.e. the due date for the payment is reached without you paying) it goes to the loan shark, if you can provide the preimage before then it goes back to you.
Both of you create a single transaction: one input is the collateral asset, and its corresponding output is the HTLC.  The other input is the BTC being lent out from the loan shark, and its corresponding output goes to you.
When you want to pay the loan shark, you create a new HTLC, the timeout just before the timeout of the loan, and the hash being the same hash on your collateral's HTLC.  When the loan shark gets your BTC, he or she needs to publish the preimage on the blockchain, which lets you recover the asset that was your collateral.
(the above isn't perfect: if the asset is more valuable than the BTC that was loaned out, or becomes more valuable, the loan shark may decide to ignore your offered HTLC to get your asset rather than your loan repayment)
@_date: 2017-10-24 05:04:06
First, stop thinking in terms of hubs.  There are no hubs in Lightning.  There are better-connected and worse-connected nodes, but no hubs.
Second, you don't "stay within your hub".  Do not confuse Lightning with the crap Moonbeam shit --- Mooncrap only supports "within-hub" payments because it's shit.  Lightning allows payment routes of several nodes in length.  Thus, if you are a worse-connected node with only a single channel, paying to another worse-connected node with only a single channel, as long as any route from your node to the payee node exists, it will propagate through and the payee can receive your payment.   The longer the route, the less likely (and the routing fees will accumulate).  Or if you have time and a bit of spare money (say a few dozen millibitcoins) you can set up another payment channel directly to your payee, so that both of you become better-connected nodes.
Third, Lightning uses onion-routing.  This means that if you pay through someone else, that someone else can't know for sure if you're the one paying, or someone upstream from you.  Also, that someone else can't know for sure if the payment sent through goes to a direct peer, or someone even more downstream to that.  Now if somebody controls hundreds of nodes, they can correlate and try to censor you, but if you have a few dozen millibitcoins, you can always make a direct channel to the payee for better privacy (and if somebody is attempting to censor the destination, your new channel is now a route to that payee and if that payee is selling the good stuff, you can partially offset the on-chain fees from the on-Lightning fees you get for routing to the popular-but-censored payee).
Channel routing is a very powerful primitive and opening a new channel is an opportunity for you to become a better-connected node and earn more fees.  That's why you'd prefer to keep channels open.  In addition, as long as the peer is online, you can use the on-channel fund to pay anyone on the network --- you're not locking funds specifically to a single peer, you're (1) allowing others to route through you to pay to that peer and let yourself earn routing fees (2) keeping a channel open to yet another peer so that if any peer goes down, you can still spend on-Lightning funds to anyone else --- consider if you're just channeled to a single peer and that peer goes down, you'd have to unilaterally close the channel (which locks the funds for some time before you can recover them) then reopen with someone else; you'd prefer to have lots of little channels with lots of nodes.
Another point-of-view is that rather than viewing each "channel" as a channel, you can consider them tiny "sidechains" whose value are backed by the mainchain bitcoin using a smart contract.  Only the two of you in a channel can work on this sidechain.  However, by the magic of cross-chain atomic swaps, you can exchange money in a "sidechain" channel for money on another "sidechain" channel, and have it received by the destination.  Create such a "chain of deals" for multiple hops of cross-chain atomic swaps as needed, and you can reach any "sidechain"/channel and pay anyone using that channel.
@_date: 2017-09-12 10:41:01
T.T so jealous
@_date: 2019-01-13 23:34:30
Note that this still requires nodes to download the entire blockchain, so block size increase is still verboten. Advantage is that it can reduce your CPU processing needs significantly, as well as reduce disk I/O to almost just writing the blocks (and if you're pruning then no explicit disk I/O, just swap).
@_date: 2017-09-13 23:50:43
The problem is that a miner can opt-out of running a sidechain node, accept every blind merge-mine request, and then turn around and downvote every withdrawal, regardless of whether it is valid or not.  If so, sidechain-only miners without mainchain hashpower are screwed: they already paid for the merge mine, but can't get the sidecoins they earned out of the sidechain and into mainchain, because every withdrawal is denied.  So there is no point to blind merge mining if sidechain-only miners cannot affect the miner vote.
@_date: 2017-10-24 06:36:54


What?  I don't understand you.  Are you running a Lighning Network node or not?  If you are, then you are on-Lightning. Are you referring to on-chain or on-Lightning transactions?  Did you miss a word here somewhere?


And?  You think it's difficult to create an alternate route?  I have relatives abroad who are interested in Bitcoin, it wouldn't be too hard to guide them through making a Lightning Network node and maintaining channels to me and some local people so that we become an "alternative chokepoint" to route payments through.


Yes, and again, so what?  Every channel is yet another opportunity to route through, an alternative path. Hubs are not inevitable or even likely.  All you need to be a better-connected node is an Internet connection, uninterruptible power, and a few hundred millibitcoins.  That's a lower barrier-to-entry than mining, which requires an Internet connection, uninterruptible ***cheap*** power, and $4000 mining hardware (almost an entire Bitcoin).  Just open a dozen channels, keep them open and wait.  Yes, opening them requires an on-chain contract, but that's something you can amortize (you can open multiple channels with a single transaction) and you can wait for low-fee times like weekends.  There is little reason to close a channel: the only reason to do so is if the counterparty is down and you want to move the funds elsewhere.
In fact, we can expect Lightning to be more decentralized than mining, for the simple reason that mining's cost-to-participate is higher than Lightning's.  Indeed, the major consideration of whether or not to mine is simply local electricity cost.  And for most people around the world, electricity cost will be too high to justify mining: for them, the barrier-to-entry is infinitely high because they won't be willing or able to change countries to go to a country with lower electricity cost.  Mining has 4 or so large mining pools.  There will be far more "high-connectivity" Lightning nodes, and a much larger number of Lightning payments will *not* go through them.
@_date: 2017-09-04 02:48:57
**Bit**Main + One**Coin** = **BITCOIN** THEORY CONFIRMED
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:00:36
Electrum has a setting for that: Tools &gt; Preferences, Fees tab, unset "dynamic fees".
Unfortunately you have to compute the fee by yourself rather than specify fee rate, and Electrum won't tell you tx size.  Rule of thumb is 180 bytes per input plus 34 bytes per output, multiply that by fee rate.
You probably also want to enable "replace by fee" so you can lowball the fee, then increase it if you become impatient.
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:09:17
Yes, very likely, although until hyperbitcoinization, we still need some company to interface between LN and fiat.
@_date: 2017-09-04 09:28:54
Use SegWit yourself. \^\^
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:47:54
According to nullc's measurements, the latest version has a much faster sync time.  The problem is that by the time the latest version gets released, the chain has grown by roughly the optimization, cancelling it out.
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:07:35
Is that a potential remote code execution vector `eval`?  Ouch.  OP better have uninstalled it; even if no malice other than borrowing CPU time was intended, someone else could have MITM'ed or otherwise hacked the server.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:24:13
Government backdoor isn't needed, really: just a good packet sniffer.
But then, if you're accessing bitcointalk.org and bitcoin.reddit.com and coinbase.com ...
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:51:26
Kinda pointless to have a tangle since they snapshot anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-05 11:25:25
Nick Szabo is one of the two most likely to be Satoshi, the other being Hal Finney.
@_date: 2017-09-26 00:19:41
Can't I just get a fresh one without any blood on it?
@_date: 2017-09-26 13:45:29
LOL, so he's basing on proof-of-stake?  Interesting.  I'll have to look at the weaknesses of proof-of-stake again, probably he (she?) is not looking carefully at nothing-at-stake and stake-grinding properly; lots of proof-of-stake proponents don't.
LOLx2, he linked this thread in that blog post.




Hmm, yeah, I guess.
@_date: 2017-09-23 22:57:00
Atomic cross chain swaps would be much more useful if sidechains could be made workable, but well.
Still need that decentralized order book...
@_date: 2017-09-28 06:12:17
This is going to take a lot more explaining.  Strap yourself in!!
It has to do with networks of miners.
Suppose we have four miners: Alice with 35% of the hashpower, Bob with 30% of the hashpower, Charlie with 18%, and Donald with 17%
Alice and Bob have super high bandwidth with each other.  However, Alice and Bob live in China and the Great Firewall slows down blocks from Alice or Bob to Charlie or Donald, and vice versa.
Alice and Bob can locally get their 65% hashpower to build a longer chain that is not transmitted to Charlie or Donald quickly.
For example, suppose everyone starts at block 1.  Alice and Bob have a high chance of getting a new block 2.  Let's say it's Alice's Block 2.  Alice sends it to Bob.  Both Alice and Bob now move on to solving block 3.
However, Charlie and Donald both haven't heard about Alice's block 2, because of the Great Firewall slowing down Alice's block transmitting to Charlie and Donald.  Charlie and Donald are still working on an alternative block 2, even though 65% of the hashpower is now working on block 3.  Even if Charlie or Donald get a lucky block 2, Alice or Bob might have gotten a block 3 in the meantime (Alice and Bob in total have 65% of the hashpower, compared to 35% for Charlie and Donald in total), so any alternate block 2 by Charlie/Donald is immediately rejected as too old by Alice and Bob.
In short: slow block propagation time wastes the time of everyone other than the winner of the most recent block.  This increases the earnings of larger miners/mining pools than smaller miners/pools, beyond the hashpower. Alice will get maybe 37% and Bob 31%, while Charlie gets only 17% and Donald only 15%, despite the supposed hashpower percentages they have.
This is why block transmission speed is such an important factor.  You may have heard about 51% attacks which allow censorship and double-spending, but there is also a "weak" 33% attack involving block withholding (i.e. not publishing your block in the hope of getting two blocks in quick succession).  The effect of the 33% block withholding attack is to push smaller solo miners and mining pools out of the network, leaving the 33% attacker with more effective hashrate percentage and eventually leveraging it up to a 51% attack.  While there are mitigations against block withholding, its effect is still present and "inadvertent" block withholding (caused by slow data transfers of large blocks, especially if FIBRE didn't exist) can still occur.
It would be very obvious if somebody did a deliberate block withholding attack, but one which is "caused" by "slow propagation" of large blocks has plausible deniability: "it's not that we were withholding the blocks and sharing it only with our friends, it's because it was slow because the block had a lot of transactions, lots of transactions is good right?  Visa, moon, right?".
The suspicion is that large blockers are really pushing the large block agenda not because large blocks are necessary, but because large blocks are a plausible excuse for block withholding attacks to leverage 33% hashpower to 51% effective hashpower.
Once 51% hashpower is in the hands of a few individuals, you can kiss censorship-resistance and double-spend-resistance goodbye.  In which case, why would you choose a wasteful method of sending money when PayPal is just as censorable, and at least has a little bit of double-spend-resistance?
@_date: 2017-09-04 01:50:57
Yes, it's a deflationary currency. Why would you think it is a problem?
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:44:38
LOL.  I mistimed the dip.
Not so bad though, I got a lot more coins at $1300, $1800, and $2400 than now.  Still positive!
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:53:39
No you didn't.  I don't know what country you are, but for me, if I did that with my local credit card, the international transaction charges would be 5%, because the first-world countries don't trust shitty third-world countries like mine.  Few cents fees, first world problems, woe is you, how sad.  So at least for me, Bitcoin is strictly superior --- even the bid-ask spreads on localbitcoins isn't *that* bad.
@_date: 2017-10-30 11:49:52
When it costs less than 5% of your hodlings to buy one.
Until then, get a spare computer, install Linux, never connect it to the Internet, install Electrum (copy it over by flash disk). Generate a new wallet, copy the Master Public Key. On the online work computer create a watch only wallet using the Master Public Key. Verify they generate the same addresses in the Addresses tab. Send all money to an address on the watch only wallet.
If you need to spend, generate the tx on the online computer, copy to a flash disk, open on offline computer, sign, save to flash, open on online computer, broadcast.
@_date: 2017-10-20 04:20:21


I think the issue here is with tragedy-of-the-commons type affairs, where something needed to get done, everybody wanted somebody to do it, anybody could have done it, but nobody did it instead.  Or more formally, if the total benefit to multiple individuals is large, but the cost to a single individual is larger than the benefit that individual would get from it, there is no incentive to make that thing happen.
For those cases, things like assurance contracts and dominant assurance contracts are the general response, but in general those kinds of contracts are between an amorphous group to a single entity that ensures the thing gets done.  But the devil is in the details: how is the payment done, when is the payment released, who gets to judge the quality of the work, how do you ensure there is honest judgment of the work quality on all sides, etc. (FWIW, those details are not handled well in current governments either)


I wouldn't want to be a murder victim at all costs, you know.  Not much point to having a recourse if I'm dead.  (FWIW, an improper police system can make you a murder victim too, but in general, you can expect some amount of protection from murder).
Ultimately, I don't see how libertarianism can scale to handle 10 billion sentient beings.  Maybe I just don't see enough.  But things like externalities and exploitation of ignorance need some kind of watchdog, and I can't see it happening on a wide scale.  Oh well.
@_date: 2017-09-26 01:39:33
You can ask for a txid, but txids are public and people can claim another guy's txid as theirs.
What you should really do is give each purchaser a different address to pay to.  If the address has money equal to or greater than the fund needed, it's paid and you can ship the product.
Note that using a single address for multiple transactions is just as inefficient as using multiple addresses: Bitcoin organizes money by transaction outputs, not addresses.
@_date: 2017-10-09 08:25:10
Pre (or mare, malay ko ba), wag ka gumamit ng wallet na nasa website.  Kasi kung ano policy nila, yun ang policy na masusunod.
Prefer not to use blockchain.info, or any web-based wallet, except for tiny amounts (whatever is "tiny" for you --- P100?  P500?).
Now the important thing is: on a desktop/laptop, your options tend to be Windows, Mac, or Linux.  Use Linux.  Mac and Windows are too unsafe and people have lost fortunes due to malware that targets Bitcoin.  Even on Linux, reduce your exposure: avoid keeping your private keys online for long.
If you don't have a hardware wallet already on the way to you, ordering now may take too long to reach the Philippines.
You can use a mobile wallet (i.e. sa Android/iOS na phone) in a pinch, but don't keep your coins there for long either and make sure you're using a recent phone with up-to-date OS updates and without anything other than the base install and the mobile wallet.  Can't recommend a good mobile wallet as I don't use one.  Mobile OS's are a little safer than Windows/Mac.  You do not want to carry around the mobile device with the mobile wallet, as theft of the mobile device may lead to theft of the coins.
If your plan is to hold long-term, it's better to get your private keys offline.  The easiest way to do that is to use a hardware wallet (but again take note of the inevitable "Customs delay").  If not, consider doing the below, but only if you understand that ***you are responsible for your own money and I am not liable for what you do*** --- don't trust me, verify.
1.  Install a Linux OS on a spare PC.
2.  Install Electrum on that spare PC.
3.  Disconnect your spare PC from the Internet.  Reboot.
4.  Generate a new Electrum wallet ("standard wallet").  Record the 12 words on a piece of paper, ***write*** it down with a pen!  Do not take a picture or show it to anybody, because anybody who gets at those 12 words will be able to steal all your money.
5.  Look up the Master Public Key --- it's in the Wallet menu.  Copy this on a separate piece of paper.
6.  Create a new Electrum watch-only wallet.  Under File, New Wallet, select "standard wallet", then "I have public or private keys".  Type in or copy-paste the Master Public Key.  It's OK for somebody else to get your Master Public Key, but this will let them monitor how much money you have in your wallet.
7.  In the Electrum UI, there's an "Addresses" tab.  Compare the "Addresses" tab of the standard wallet and the watch-only wallet.  They should be the same.  Copy a few of them in another piece of paper.
8.  Close all Electrum UI's and delete the standard wallet (**keep** the watch-only wallet).  It should be in ~/.electrum/wallets .  If you can't find it, re-install Linux OS and Electrum and recreate just the watch-only wallet --- better safe than sorry.  Anyone who gets a copy of the standard wallet can steal your money.
9.  Reconnect to the Internet.  Reboot.
10.  Open the Electrum watch-only wallet.  You can now transfer your money to addresses on that wallet (make sure it matches the addresses that you copied over from the standard wallet).  **Note: there is malware that detects if an address is placed in the clipboard, and then replaces the address with another address that looks like it**.  Always check every digit of a copy-pasted address.
11.  Keep the 12 words OFFLINE.  Make a backup if needed.  **Note: Always copy it with pen and paper.  Some printers and copiers will keep a digitized copy of anything you put in them**.
In order to spend afterwards (this is cumbersome --- the above is a "cold storage" protocol, so it's not supposed to be easy to spend from it):
1.  Disconnect computer from Internet.  You're still in Linux, right?
2.  Create a new wallet for Electrum.  Enter your 12 words.  ***Provide a one-time-use password***.
3.  Reconnect to Internet.  Wait for wallet to sync, then send the money wherever.
4.  Close all Electrum UI's (including the watch-only wallet) and delete the temporary spending wallet.
There are better protocols for spending money, most of which involve reinstalling a fresh Linux OS to your PC before you spend.  Or get a hardware wallet, but you might not get a hardware wallet in time for the fork.
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:31:45
No, but answering this question over and over again is a threat to my good manners.  Please learn to use fucking search, **kid**.
QC does not threaten hashes.  Thus, the below are not under threat:
1.  P2PKH (pay to public key **hash**)
2.  P2SH (pay to script **hash**)
3.  Mining, which uses hashes.
QC threatens elliptic curve cryptography because of Shor's Algorithm.  It therefore threatens:
1. ECDSA signatures (currently in use in Bitcoin)
2. Schnorr signatures (will be deployed in Bitcoin when Bitcoin Core nerds finish up their arguments).
Specifically, for the above, knowledge of the public key will let a quantum computer take less time than the age of the Universe to learn your private key.
However, notice that standard addresses starting with `1` are P2PKH, and standard addresses starting with `3` are P2SH.  Thus you are still protected by hashes, which QC cannot threaten.
Now, spending from a P2PKH or P2SH will reveal the preimages and therefore reveal any public keys.  The important takeaway is this:
***Do not load into a P2PKH address or P2SH address once you've spent from it, as a quantum computer can now find your public key and start reversing it to get your private key.***  Wallets will do this by default, but if you have an address posted somewhere as a donation address, you need to change it each time you spend from it.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:07:49
Blockstream.  They already launched four that cover North America, South America, Europe, and Africa.  Still waiting here in Southeast Asia!
@_date: 2017-09-07 03:16:29
No need.  Just precommit to selling B2X coins for any price.
The only preparation you need is researching ways to split coins even without explicit replay protection.  Once you have coins split, you can sell B2X coins and help others split by coinjoining with their coins.
Miners only have power in softforks.  If miners follow a softfork, HODLER's fullnodes will follow their longer chain.
Miners have no power in hardforks.  If miners follow a hardfork, HODLER's fullnodes will not follow their chain if they do not support the hardfork, regardless of how long the hardfork chain is.
In hardforks, HODLER's have all the power.  If you're a HODLER who did not overinvest into Bitcoin, you can afford to sell the unwanted side of a hardfork: even if the community consensus goes against you, remember, it was money you could afford to lose anyway, and if community consensus goes with you, you earn free coins.
On the other hand, miners continuously spend money on electricity, heat dissipation, and good Internet connectivity.  If their preferred coin drops in price, they will be forced to stop operation, or switch to a more valuable coin (which may be your preferred coin).
Even if 100% of miners switch to HODLER's unpreferred coin, this simply helps HODLER's sell the unpreferred coin by making it easier for HODLER's to deposit their HODLINGS of unpreferred coin into exchanges for selling.  The HODLER's preferred coin will be HEDL by the HODLER anyway, so lack of blocks isn't really as much of a concern in the short term.
Since the HODLER's unpreferred coin is being sold, and more are being mined due to miner operation, the supply of the unpreferred coin increases and price drops.  Miners of unpreferred coin start losing money.
Even if miners still hold together enough that 100% of miners are still on the HODLER's unpreferred coin after some time: remember, centralized exchanges do much of the exchange work off-chain; it's only the transfer from the exchange to the HODLER's local wallets that requires on-chain activity.  It would still be possible for HODLER's to buy their preferred coin (but not withdraw them from exchanges, but it's the act of buying which sets the price).  The preferred coin can still rise in price independently of lack of hashpower.
Eventually, difficulty will follow price.  An equilibrium will settle where miners will mine the coin in proportion to the price ratio.  If enough do not value B2X relative to BTC, then B2X will be just another low-value altcoin like bcash.
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:38:34
FWIW, 3Bit1x's spending `scriptSig` is known.
In theory, you could split your coins this way:
1.  Create a transaction **with 0 fee** and with two outputs (1) your new BTC-only address and (2) a payout to 3Bit1x, containing what you would have put as transaction fee.
2.  Create a second transaction spending the 3Bit1x output of your first transaction, with an OP_RETURN message "FUCK YOU JEFF GARZIK" and spend the entire amount as transaction fee.
@_date: 2017-09-06 10:25:24
How many Internet connections do you have?
If it's just one, some guy on your ISP who noticed you spent a lot of time in reddit.comcould completely change your Internet connection to filter Bitcoin protocols while letting the rest of the Internet through.
BAM, you're talking to "one million" nodes who all agree that you now own 0.0 BTC and also ate your neighbor's cat.
At current rates, 1 year of blockchain is about 40Gb or so - still about two weeks on my ISP's lousy connection, because Philippines.
@_date: 2017-09-27 07:20:45
*precisely*, you can't trust miners to follow their word, so your 94% support is not something you can trust.
If even 34% are going to back core when fork-time comes (and your 94% number is unreliable, possibly massively), it would be impossible to 51% attack the lower-hashrate chain.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:44:28
But MAST is technical and requires real thought to even understand, whereas griping about block size increases lets me fantasize about coffee and lambos! /s
@_date: 2017-09-07 03:52:53
Its price will rise massively.  Also, we will get a small whale who can move markets and, with the help of other small whales, can perform economic attacks on altcoins that launch with an airdrop on BTC hodlers.
@_date: 2017-09-22 01:02:37
Yah, the good old standard [$5 wrench attack](
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:23:02
Yes, very good indeed.  Personally USD/BTC could be as low as $2200 and I would still be positive, even though I bought a hefty bit a few days ago.  Heck, it could drop to $1200 and all I'd do would be to shrug and wait it out for a few years.
@_date: 2017-09-12 03:25:54
@_date: 2017-09-14 01:31:51


See BMM weakness: 
Strategy-4 miners are going to LOVE BMM.  They get paid in maincoin, while the sidechain miner holds an increasingly worthless bag of sidecoins that can't be converted to maincoin.


How do you know the withdrawal is valid or invalid, and therefore that the miner is misvoting?  By validating the sidechain.  If you're going to make every mainchain fullnode validate the sidechain (so that you could judge the miner as misvoting or not), you have just softforked it in as an extension block and made the sidechain's rules part of mainchain's rules.
Since Core will "never" softfork in a block size increase without a lot of due process and investigation on the effects on full node count - and an extension block is a block size increase - then that threat is relatively toothless.


But what can we then do about it?  Hardfork to a PoW change?  Softfork in an effective block size increase?  If you're forced to softfork in the sidechain, you might as well have just softforked it in the first place.
Blacklisting Satoshi's coins takes a majority of miners, justifying PoW change.  Blocking sidechain withdrawals takes only 26%, not enough justification for the nuke.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:28:34
Channel information is flooded to the network when a channel is made.
New nodes looking for connections go online on IRC and chat with existing nodes to find where they are.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:02:41
Tx fees have historically been tiny compared to the block reward, but that's changing.  You could run statistics on blocks and check the average coinbase output as a rough guide.
Unfortunately you will have to do the math yourself.
@_date: 2017-09-08 12:24:18
@_date: 2017-09-10 01:57:51
Argue against it?
Somebody paid xx satoshi in order to make sure the tx gets confirmed.
So the economic advantage of that transaction is worth at least xx satoshi, otherwise they'd have spent something else, like paypal or visa or wire.
@_date: 2017-09-26 01:33:02
First: don't bother asking us what we think.  When you do, you run the risk of somebody feeding you a special set of lies to make you do what they want you to do.  Instead, study the fundamentals of the technology.  As a rough rule of thumb, the more the developers, the greater the expected value of a coin.
Second: Don't invest more than what you are willing to lose.  You're a student, you could probably sacrifice some vice of yours (Steam games? Cigarettes? Dates? Lunch?), get some coin, then hold on to them a few years and look what will happen.
@_date: 2017-09-21 07:58:55
Blockstream Satellite would also help, so that you could confirm that the transaction was indeed mined into a block.  Too bad it isn't deployed over Asia yet.
I guess you already saw that thing about sending transactions over SMS in another thread.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:30:43
Long-term savings.  LocalFiat/USD slowly grows over time, hence LocalFiat inflation is even more inflationary than USD, and USD is already known to be pretty inflationary already.  While it's true that Bitcoin supply is growing, the inflation rate of Bitcoin will eventually drop.
@_date: 2017-09-11 12:03:31


Locate transaction chains (i.e. unconfirmed transactions referring to other transactions, in case of child-pays-for-parent).  Compute aggregate fee rate of each identified transaction chain.  Sort by fee rate, highest fee rate first.   Fill block starting with highest fee rate transaction chain.


Not at all.  Each node just tells everyone else about any new transactions it receives and verifies is valid.  If it already received a transaction, then receives it again, it does nothing for the second time.  Basically, just a flood algorithm.


Memory, I think.  That's why the collection of unconfirmed transactions is called the ***mem***pool.


Each node will reject a transaction that conflicts with (spends a UTXO also spent by) another transaction already in its mempool.  Roughly, if you send the second transaction to the same node, the second transaction won't be propagated.
If you propagate to two different nodes, however, then it will depend on how well connected the node you sent the earlier transaction to.  If it's very well connected then the node will propagate your earlier transaction quickly to other nodes, so that the second node you send the second transaction to might have already received the first transaction (and hence reject the second transaction).  If you time it REALLY right, you can have roughly half the nodes with one and half the nodes with the other, and which one gets confirmed will depend on which miner happens to mine the next block and which node that miner is connected to.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:12:31
It's not going to read "optimization" in the RELEASE NOTES.  That's the point at which you reveal that you fixed a security flaw.
It's going to read "optimization" or "code cleanup" or "improve style" only while it's in the pipeline for testing before release.  THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT.
It's like the 1 RETURN bug, which made every UTXO anyone-can-spend, because Satoshi implemented OP_RETURN.  They kept very quiet about it until they could release a new version.
Heck, even the block limit was added by Satoshi amongst a pile of code cleanup modifications, with no good justification in the commit message about it.
Security by obscurity only works for limited times, but when you're doing a release, limited time works.
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:40:28
I have no idea what you mean by "WaltonChain" and have no real interest in finding out what it is.
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:47:48
I care that a sudden, unexpected breakthrough in quantum computing will endanger P2PK but not P2PKH.  P2PKH pays for its superior security and I'm willing to see P2PKH for that reason alone.
Blacklisting "NO2X" OP_RETURN has smaller size (less than half) while having the **exact** same replay-protection properties as blacklisting payment to a magic P2SH number.
I will admit that paying to the 3Bit1X address is easier to do on common wallets.
@_date: 2017-09-22 19:27:23
PoS is piece-of-shit.  Core devs will never support PoS or launch anything with it.
Economic power is far stronger than miner power.  If enough people sell B2X and buy BTC, this increases B2X market supply, increased B2X mining also means increased B2X supply, increased B2X transaction rate means easier to put B2X on the market, reduced BTC transaction rate means higher fee competition for BTC blocks, miners start facing the choice of hemorrhaging money on B2X or "breaking" their "word" and coming back to BTC.
@_date: 2017-10-11 09:20:03
You forgot the terminating null character, so it's really 17.
Buffer overflow problems...
@_date: 2018-02-13 10:07:50
Please use the term Bellare-Neven signatures instead of Schnorr signatures.  Schnorr's multisignature scheme is broken, also he is kind of a jerk \[[Dryja, T., 2017](
@_date: 2017-10-24 10:13:29


Generally the scope for mistakes increases when using paper.
For example, you should really sweep the entire paper wallet into a software or hardware wallet, then forward the amount you want to spend, burn the original wallet, then make a new paper wallet.  Once spent you really shouldn't reuse an address, this improves privacy.  It also requires quite a few txs, although what you can do is: generate a completely new software wallet, import the paper wallet key, then send the value you want to spend to whatever and multi-output the remaining funds back into a freshly generated paper wallet.  Then delete the software wallet and wait for transaction to be confirmed.
There have been cases where somebody imported (not swept) their paper wallet, spent an amount without redirecting the change to a new paper wallet, then deleted their software wallet and completely neglected that the change will be in the deleted software wallet instead of the paper wallet.  So there's that.
In short, paper wallet requires more attention from user.


Yes, although you can setup an additional passphrase on Trezor (and probably other hardware wallets).  Do note that loss of the passphrase leads to loss of funds even if you get the recovery key.  In general, you want to limit access to your hardware wallet to yourself and trusted individuals (close family members?).
@_date: 2017-10-02 08:55:56
Core 0.15.0 will automatically ban btc1 nodes.  So you could theoretically connect to a 0.15.0 node and a btc1 node, then send the two transactions as close in time as you can, and cross your fingers and sacrifice a chicken, and there's a chance the two networks will go with different transactions.
Of course, now btc1 codebase responded by spoofing their nodes, LOL.
For  you can do:
1.  Just do it and hope different miners on different networks get different transactions.  Ask luke-jr to pray for you.
2.  Add a block-based `nLockTime` to the transaction that goes on the faster network (i.e. the one with more hashpower currently) and mark it as replace-by-fee.  Transmit to everyone, wait for it to get confirmed on the faster network (it will be ignored on the slower network if the slower network hasn't reached the block height you wanted), then transmit a replacement transaction with higher fee on the slower network, without an `nLockTime` this time (since you did replace-by-fee, then any transaction with a higher fee will replace it).  You can send to the same address even, since Bitcoin only cares about UTXO.  Note that this can still fail in case of a hashpower flip-flop (i.e. miners suddenly leave the faster network and go to the slower network, changing their speeds), so you still may want to ask luke-jr to pray for you.
The truly reliable method is to mix your coins with someone who has already successfully split their coins (either by the above method, or a miner coinbase).
@_date: 2017-10-05 06:07:50
That is correct, and indeed, that is the hope that LN developers have.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:46:08


T.T I wish I bought more years ago.
@_date: 2017-10-10 11:03:52
Cute idea.  Nobody will want to do this, of course, as that means legitimizing the "other side" of the fork.
@_date: 2018-02-14 03:05:31
solution is the correct one.
You would have a script like:
    OP_IF
      OP_DUP OP_HASH &lt;userPubKeyHash&gt; OP_EQUALVERIFY
      OP_CHECKSIG
    OP_ELSE
      &lt;time&gt; OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY OP_DROP
      OP_DUP OP_HASH &lt;yourPubKeyHash&gt; OP_EQUALVERIFY
      OP_CHECKSIG
    OP_ENDIF
Then spend using `&lt;yourSignature&gt; &lt;yourPubKey&gt; 0` when the timeout arrives.
@_date: 2017-09-04 10:02:34
It's mainly used by mining pools.  It relays mined blocks, not transactions.  Transactions to be mined are sent via the "usual" Bitcoin network.  Mined blocks used to be sent via the same "usual" Bitcoin network, but in practice most mining pools have a connection to the public FIBRE network run by Matt Corallo; today only the hoi polloi non-miners receive blocks via the Bitcoin network.
Even Blockstream Satellite uses the FIBRE protocol for downlink.  No doubt the uplinks also receive blocks via Matt Corallo's public FIBRE network.
@_date: 2017-09-04 21:46:58
Downlink uses FIBRE protocol definitely.  Probably, Blockstream uses FIBRE public network for uplink.
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:36:16
Real talk.  Ethereum smart contracts are overhyped.  In practice, every Ethereum smart contract that involves off-chain interaction requires an oracle (a central system that feeds data to the smart contract).  But if you have an oracle anyway, why not do the necessary computations there and just give the oracle a private key (or have it provide its own, whatever) with which to sign off on Bitcoin contracts?
Here's a refinement of your system, without Ethereum, and only on Bitcoin, and without the risk of fraud by the git check seller:
1.  The service has its own Amazon account and pre-buys a bunch of Amazon gift checks.
2.  When a gift check seller wants to sell via the service, it provides their gift check to the service.
3.  The service redeems the gift check to its own Amazon account, and provides a receipt to the gift check seller.  The receipt is valid for 1 hour; if it is not redeemed for a gift check, the service will provide a new gift check (from its pre-bought pool) back to the gift check seller.
4.  The bitcoin seller sends to a P2SH with the script `OP_IF`   `"2 hours" OP_CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY OP_DROP &lt;bitcoinseller publickey&gt; OP_CHECKSIG`   `OP_ELSE`   `2 &lt;service publickey&gt; &lt;giftcardseller publickey&gt; 2`  `OP_ENDIF`.  This means: after 2 hours, it goes back to the bitcoin seller.  However within those two hours, the service and the giftcardseller can spend the money.
5.  The giftcardseller provides a transaction spending the above P2SH script.  Part of the fund goes to the giftcardseller address, some part goes to the service address as service fee, and some part goes to the miners.
6.  Within 1 hour, the gift check seller must provide the service receipt to the bitcoin seller.
7.  Within the same 1 hour, the bitcoin seller must redeem the receipt from the service to get a new Amazon gift check from the service's pool of pre-bought gift checks.
8.  Within 2 hours, the service must sign the bitcoin transaction and post it onto the blockchain.
A real Bitcoin expert/cypherpunk would be able to design a better system than the above.  For example, the above allows the service to know that the giftcheckseller is selling to which bitcoinseller.  A "Chaumian Bank" would unlink them by making the receipt given by the service to the gitcheckseller different from (but mathematically computable by the bitcoinseller to derive) the receipt the bitcoinseller uses to redeem the gift check.  I know only the "high-level" of Chaumian Banks, but not the exact math needed.  In particular, I don't know how to integrate the act of redemption so that the math can be verified on the bitcoin blockchain, so that redemption by the bitcoinseller means the money is spendable by the giftcheckseller.
Schnorr is supposed to make this easier, but I don't know enough crypto for that.
@_date: 2017-10-17 09:08:06
"no central authority"
@_date: 2017-10-05 07:23:32
Craig S. Wright's mom is a well-known Blockstream shill and may have an interest in AXA, which invested in Blockstream.  Blockstream is currently doing illegal research on time travel that would let Craig S. Wright's mom abort him prior to birth and prevent his invention of Bitcoin.  Greg Maxwell's beard length is a well-known side effect of internationally-banned time travel research.
@_date: 2017-10-20 05:08:24
While what you say is true, let me ask you this: *in general*, without any other information available to you, which do you think will have more features?
1.  A program with 50 lines of code.
2.  A program with 500 lines of code.
The amount of code is *not equal* to improvements, but it is, in general, *correlated with* improvements.
Aggregated over large codebases, you can generally expect that the larger codebase will have more features.  Yes, sometimes improvements remove code.  Most of the time, they don't.
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:14:06
Sorry, I edited my post underneath you.
Now the attack vector is: after an invalid withdraw, post another invalid withdraw.  Keep posting an invalid withdraw forever.
Now miners need to check, in real time (because they have to mine the mainchain), whether a proposed withdraw is valid or not, at the time that it is proposed, because if it's an invalid withdraw at proposal time, it's going to just choke the next 1008-block withdraw cycle.  Or else not put *any* proposed withdraw on the mainchain (which effectively also chokes the sidechain).
It's all just asking for "mainchain miners should run sidechain nodes all the time!" so that mainchain miners can, on receiving a withdrawal proposal, judge immediately if it is valid or not.
Otherwise random unnamed people (not miners, of course not, miners don't spam) will just spam invalid withdraws.
@_date: 2017-09-19 03:03:12
HODLERs don't need to transact the chain they're HODLING, they only need to transact on the chain they're against in order to sell it.
Miners cannot pull HODLERs into a hardfork against their will.  HODLERs will just sell the undesired coin.  90% hashpower?  Sure, here's my worthless 2x coin for sale.  Do you think miners will keep on the hardfork indefinitely with their earnings being slashed, while in the meantime another chain is still valued as highly as before and has no miners to compete against?
10% hashpower just means I keep on HODLing and won't panic sell.
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:46:27
The point of a currency is that everyone accepts it and pays with it.  This makes network effects of currencies very much more powerful.  If somebody wants USD and he's got somethiing you want to buy, you convert your pesos, gold, bitcoins to USD.
Of course, LN may very well do away with that with atomic cross-chain swaps, so hello a multicurrency Internet.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:30:15
The potential payoff is to steal the entire sidechain's locked mainchain funds.  A rich enough attacker will be willing to pay up to just below the sidechain's entire funds total on all attacks until it succeeds.  In the meantime the sidecoin is getting massively devalued as the sidechain's backing funds are under threat, people who need maincoin will be selling sidecoin for maincoin at a premium.  Heck, the potential for price manipulation... the attacker could short, do this for a few 1008-block cycles, buy up cheap sidecoin, stop attacking, and finally post a valid withdraw of the sidecoin he bought cheap.  If he's got good PR he could even use sockpuppets to post the invalid withdraws, then publicly post the valid withdraw, and use the fame as "savior of Xchain!" to solicit even more money.
Note in particular that a 1008-block cycle needs to complete.  Even if the miners stop him at the very first block, we still end up waiting for 1008 blocks.  All the attacker needs to do is post an invalid withdrawal with enough fees every 1008 blocks (so the fee cost is amortized over the 1008 blocks that withdrawals are delayed for) for a naive, non-sidechain-checking mainchain miner to take it.
Although I guess if the sidechain's funds are "big enough" there will be some incentive to add the sidechain's rules to mainchain.  The problem is the time when the sidechain's funds are getting big and risky to the time that the the updated mainchain software gets deployed.
@_date: 2017-09-19 14:11:51
Ha ha very funny!  But please don't post that again or I'll downvote you.  I mean, sheesh, why would you even bother to post something so obvious?
@_date: 2017-09-22 05:21:28
Still waiting for Electrum 3.0 release... :(
@_date: 2017-09-12 22:39:12
You don't spend your money each year, you spend the return of all your investments.  If the expected return of investment is 4% per annum, then you need 25 times your yearly spending to get your yearly spending per annum (25 * 4% = 1).
You can't predict well how long you'll live; maybe you die tomorrow, maybe a major medical breakthrough extends your life.  You may have a family that will outlive you.  So you assume that you will live indefinitely and prepare to be able to spend for that.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:54:18
Well, you said it.  He's a troll and a flipflopper.  Don't trust him.
@_date: 2017-09-04 03:03:42
See, no problems there either.
@_date: 2017-10-02 07:28:37
If you want to get the coins quickly with little to no KYC/AML, go localbitcoins.com
Note that spreads (i.e. buying price vs selling price difference) on localbitcoins.com are usually larger than elsewhere, but you get the major advantage that KYC/AML is much looser on localbitcoins.com
@_date: 2017-10-04 01:09:22
The bitcoin-dev mailing list.
The  IRC channel on Freenode.
Edit: bitcoin/bitcoin on github.com
@_date: 2017-09-04 08:52:50
A "smart" exchange or business is going to do most of its transactions off-chain.  Just changing SQL data entries.  It's only the transfers to/from customer's Bitcoin wallets that are going to need on-chain transactions.  And as we know, those transfers are getting bilked by many exchanges by applying ridiculous fees.
If they switch to SegWit, their excuses for the ridiculous fees are going to disappear.
@_date: 2017-09-13 05:43:41
And we're gonna get altfood features as a sidedish soon too.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:24:49
Yeah, we just need to trust those with the highest bashrate on the most-violence chain, so we can do SPV (~~simplified~~ sadistic proof of violence) clients.
@_date: 2017-09-29 04:06:22
Yep.  The problem is the "big businesses" that claim support for 2X, and intend to label the 2X coin as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:47:38
What I mean is, the original plan was Lightning would have to be hub-and-spoke, and not at all decentralized.
Now the plan is, there is no plan.  If it settles hub-and-spoke, it settles there. If it settles some other way, that's fine.  The base Lightning protocol will still work either way.  Before, the plan was for the base Lightning protocol to actually require hub-and-spoke.
What I'm saying is that Lightning is NOT AT ALL RELATED to the payment-channels-for-p2pool stuff.
@_date: 2017-10-11 04:08:50
Depending on your risk profile, you might be willing to accumulate some amount of bitcoins on your exchange of choice.  For example if you buy the equivalent of 50 USD per week, you can let it accumulate for two weeks to amortize the fee cost.
Or go to a different exchange.  Part of their earnings come from the fees they charge you, and the base network fee is just an excuse.  The fact that you can't change the settings is a bonus for them; when the network isn't clogged they pocket the difference.
@_date: 2017-10-11 04:09:59
Oh, so you think 2X will take over the Bitcoin name?  ***Wanna bet?***
Put your money where your mouth is.
@_date: 2017-09-12 03:34:03
Yah my code change below which fixes quadratic sigop hashing bug is just a one-liner change, why won't Core accept it?
                 case OP_CHECKSIG:
                 case OP_CHECKSIGVERIFY:
                 {
                     // (sig pubkey -- bool)
                     if (stack.size() &lt; 2)
                         return set_error(serror, SCRIPT_ERR_INVALID_STACK_OPERATION);
    +                return set_success(serror);
    
                    valtype&amp; vchSig    = stacktop(-2);
                    valtype&amp; vchPubKey = stacktop(-1);
@_date: 2017-09-20 05:12:36
That's a nuclear option that requires not a central decision maker, but the approval of each and every Bitcoin user.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:33:25
I contend that BMM is a distraction.
The question is:
If a mainchain miner is doing BMM, how does it know what to vote?
If you look at BMM, all it does is ask the miner to commit a hash.
It does not inform the miner whether the hash is correct (someone can lie to the miner and give a bad hash, in preparation for stealing the coins later).
It does not inform the miner whether to upvote or downvote a particular withdrawal.
How does the miner know whether to upvote or downvote a WT?  Does the sidechain miner give it a sidechain block which the miner then verifies, keeping track of UTXO sets and verifying signatures?  If so: that's what a sidechain fullnode does, doesn't it?
Like I pointed out: sure a miner can commit to a hash, and get the BMM payment from the sidechain miner.  The miner can also decide to downvote withdrawals WHILE COMMITTING TO THE BMM HASH AND GETTING PAID FOR THE BMM, completely ignoring whether the withdrawals are valid or not. "Sorry, we will continue to downvote every withdrawal.  This is the freedom given by the Bitcoin protocol."
That's the bone of contention here.  I think BMM is not well thought out and does not have the properties Sztorc thinks it hsa.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:51:31


Where's wouldof_couldof_bot gone?
It's either **would've** or **could've**, but never **would of** or **could of**.  There could of course be some edge cases, though.
@_date: 2017-10-06 02:57:09
LN already exists and is in alpha testing.  The 2X chain may still exist next year (xref Ethereum Classic), who knows?
Also while LN is one of the most famous uses of payment channels, payment channels are general enough to be used for other systems (Moonbeam, Yours).
@_date: 2017-09-29 03:58:06
No, it's too late.  Sell now.  To me.  At half the price you bought it at.  Totally serious.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:09:30
Get RFID for your worthless object.  Gain access to somebody else's valuable object.  Replace RFID of somebody else's valuable object with the RFID of your worthless object.  Call cops and point to WALTONCHAIN's public ledger as evidence of ownership.
@_date: 2017-10-11 01:55:05
I feel for you and understand your anger, but as someone currently residing within the Philippines and whose reddit username is easily tied to my real-world identity, I cannot publicly support your attacks on our strong and decisive president.
I am not a coins.ph rep and have no intention of getting an account on coins.ph.  localbitcoins.com has better policies in general, so despite the larger premium I go there for my bitcoin needs.
@_date: 2017-10-13 05:47:28
I think they are referring to the contract where BT2 has no value if 2X never forks off.  Which is daft, because if 2X never forks off, it is strictly a failure.
They also want to bring up the possibility that Core will merge in 2X and also mean that BT2 is valued to 0.  Which is even less likely to happen than 2X replacing Core and Luke Dash Jr. suddenly becoming an atheist *and* a largeblocker.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:44:38
LOL.  I mistimed the dip.
Not so bad though, I got a lot more coins at $1300, $1800, and $2400 than now.  Still positive!
@_date: 2017-10-02 09:07:40
is pushing for OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT, which is a softforkable operation to check that a block at a particular height has a specific hash.  What you'd do is write a P2SH/P2WSH with something like `&lt;forkheight+1&gt; OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT OP_DROP OP_DROP &lt;pubkey&gt; OP_CHECKSIG` and send your money to that P2SH/P2SH on both chains.  On chain1 you provide the witness/scriptSig `&lt;signature&gt; &lt;chain1hash_at_forkheight+1&gt;`, on chain2 you provide `&lt;signature&gt; &lt;chain2hash_at_forkheight+1&gt;`.
Note however that (to my understanding) OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT is useful only if it gets deployed before the hardfork code forks off.  Since Core likes to take its time deploying  things, even softforks (just in case there is a valid objection to some new feature, also, loose conglomerates of people like Core don't really have a leader who can push through an agenda), you cannot expect OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT to be useable for 2X (I think: I'm summoning some key core devs in this message to tell me I'm massively wrong, as is usual).
is against OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT since it violates the principle of "SCRIPT purity".  This design principle requires that everything checked by SCRIPT should be in the transaction, and only in the transaction.  Since OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT checks something that is *not* on the transaction (i.e. it checks if at a particular block height, the block hash is some value) this violates the SCRIPT purity principle.
Source:  .  Note that proposes a new formulation of OP_CHECKBLOCKATHEIGHT later to : 
(edit: nullc == gmaxwell, pwuille == sipa)
@_date: 2017-10-06 06:12:12
If people keep their BTC in banks without so much as a private key to access it, then it is not their keys not their coins, and the bank can operate at fractional reserve even with BTC.
The only difference is that there is no easy way to prevent bank runs.
@_date: 2017-10-10 07:01:43
I don't get enough cheese here, where do I sign up?
@_date: 2017-10-03 03:38:36
There could of course be exceptions to that rule, you know.
@_date: 2017-09-23 06:04:52
SegWit, when used regularly, will increase blocksize to 2Mb on average, with occassional peaks of almost 4Mb.
2X will increase this to 4Mb and 8Mb respectively.
Now today's Bitcoin network has this vital piece of infrastructure called FIBRE. Without FIBRE and its predecessor Bitcoin Relay Network, Bitcoin mining pools would have collapsed into a single massive pool at 300kb blocks. 4Mb blocks like 2X does risks a similar collapse even with FIBRE.
2X risks too much. Improvements in utilizing our available bandwidth, like MAST and Schnorr signature aggregation, are higher priority until we can upgrade FIBRE further.
@_date: 2017-09-02 15:45:42
On Electrum Desktop, look up Tools &gt; Preferences.  Fees tab, unselect "dynamic fees".  Also prefer to select "Enable Replace-by-Fee" and mark payments replaceable before sending: that way you can lowball the fee and bump it higher later if you want.
@_date: 2017-09-19 06:53:12
There was this crazy guy named dan_from_san_diego or something, who claimed he put up a cheap Bitcoin mine powered by solar on some corner of his land.
If you've got a greenhouse or are planning to make a greenhouse, the heat from Bitcoin miners could be used to warm up the greenhouse instead of normal heaters.
I live in a tropical zone with high electricity costs so mining is out for me T.T
@_date: 2019-09-12 04:33:21


This is the ***real*** reason that China can't take over Bitcoin.  If they do, they kill themselves financially and repeat the Great Leap Forward mistake of the 1960's.
Changing algorithms won't work:
1.  If you have cheap electricity, importing a bunch of CPUs/GPUs and placing them next to your hydroelectric plants is only slightly harder than importing a bunch of ASICs and placing them next to your hydroelectric plants.
2.  Proof-of-stake is a piece of shit.  Don't bother.  If Bitcoin switches to piece-of-shit it's already failed.
3.  Same with permissioned pools.  Don't bother.  If Bitcoin uses permissioned pools it's already failed.  People who want to work directly for bitcoin must never be biased against, whether Chinese or Vietnamese or even American.
The ***real*** sword that hangs over the head of every miner, forcing them to behave correctly, has been, is, and shall remain forevermore, financial.
If China attacks Bitcoin, they lose their Bitcoin income and then the sunk cost in their hydroelectric plants will never be recouped and China will suffer a second Great Leap Forward.
@_date: 2017-10-04 10:40:08
 Proof-of-work
In order to implement a distributed development team on a peer-to-peer basis, we will need to use a proof-of-work system similar to Greg Maxwell's NeckBeard.  The proof-of-work involves growing a beard that when inspected visually, such as using ordinary human eyes, the beard ends several inches beyond the neck.  The average work required is exponential in the number of inches required and can be verified by inspecting visually once.
... Proof-of-work is essentially one-developer-one-beard.  The majority decision is represented by the longest beard, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested in it.  If a majority of beards is grown by the majority of honest developers, the honest beard will grow the fastest and outpace any competing beards.
@_date: 2017-09-09 14:51:41
@_date: 2017-09-30 21:06:24
Core devs are almost all whales. They can drop 2X coin price. More hashpower on 2X simply means it will be easier to sell 2X coins. It also speeds up supply generation of 2X. So expect 2X to drop.
As 2X drops, miners will start comparing BTC vs 2X mining profitability. You can then expect miners to come back to BTC, or go bankrupt and sell their equipment to others who will check BTC to 2X profitability.
Miners cannot lead nodes into hardforks. The only power miners have is in softforks.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:37:24
Well, if all coins are tainted, then everything is the same color and we have fungibility again \^\^.
Waiting around for mimblewimble sidechains!!!!
@_date: 2017-10-19 05:26:59


Wait, what?  So credit card companies are doing this service for free, out of the goodness of their heart?  Something does not add up here.  Oh wait --- there is local legislation which prohibits merchants from indicating a "credit card surcharge", they are only allowed to provide "cash discounts".  They are exactly the same thing mathematically, but people will avoid surcharges while at the same time shrug and accept loss of a cash discount, because a blind idiot designed the human brain, that's why.  I prefer Bitcoin as it shows me honestly the cost of my transaction, not hide it as a manipulation of human psychology (people feel more strongly about losing things rather than gaining things, hence accepting "credit surcharge" will repel more people than turning down a "cash discount" --- I had to keep explaining this to my wife once when purchasing something ~$800 locally, we had the cash lying around in a bank account, the cash discount was ~6% or something like that, and no way would the cash in the bank earn that much interest in a month).


Given that cross-border purchases will require an additional charge for overseas delivery (living in an archipelago), I won't be making *low-value* cross-border purchases on websites --- the delivery charges would dwarf the purchase, never mind the BTC fee.  I'd be asking a friend or relative in a foreign country to buy a bunch of low-value items and ship it to me in a box to amortize the delivery cost.  And my friend/relative is unlikely to be able to charge my credit card.  Peer-to-peer Bitcoin FTW.  Of course, a bank transfer would still be possible and probably be more easier (for one, my friend/relative wouldn't be required to be another nerd with a Bitcoin wallet, and the time for a bank transfer would be dwarfed by the time my friend/relative will buy the goods and pack it in a box and the time it takes to transport the box to me).


Well, yes, I'll grant you that.  I'm willing to wait for better technology, like Lightning.
@_date: 2017-10-02 10:13:19
Given the lack of replay protection, there is no easy way to arrange this on both sides **before** the fork.
***If*** replay protection exists on one side or the other, we could arrange HTLC's that are valid on particular fork sides before the fork.  The HTLC's themselves would have a future `nLockTime` after the fork, then both sides sign the transactions and send to each other, and keep the transactions.  When the fork occurs, the preimage of the HTLC is published on-chain on both sides, the one who doesn't know the preimage checks the spend of the HTLC with the preimage, then copies it to their chain.  This is basically just an atomic cross-chain swap, prepared before the fork.
Without replay protection you'd first need to safely split your coin, then perform an atomic cross-chain swap, all of this after the fork.
Note that a 1:1 trade is not going to happen if one side has significantly more economic power than the other.
@_date: 2017-09-04 09:02:52
Not really.  Since transactions that are unconfirmed are still valid, somebody can take your unconfirmed transactions, wait for it to be thrown out, then re-transmit your transaction, which resets the 72-hour timer.  It's a good, easy way to spam the mempool without risking the spammer's own funds.
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:21:52
Simple: Money in the channel Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob cannot be used to pay Eve.  The money in the Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob channel can only be used to pay Alice or Bob.
Since both Alice and Bob have put the total funds in a 2-of-2 multisig, only the cooperation of both can allow movement of money between Alice and Bob.  If there's a problem somewhere between Alice and Bob, either or both can just close the channel and put it on-chain.
The key to Lightning Network is realizing that if there is a Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob channel, and Bob&lt;-&gt;Eve channel, then Alice can pay to Eve via Bob.  The thing is that we can consider Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob as one separate cryptocurrency (pegged to Bitcoin) from the Bob&lt;-&gt;Eve cryptocurrency (also pegged to Bitcoin).  Alice can't own Bob&lt;-&gt;Eve coin, but Bob can offer to work as an exchange, exchanging Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob coin for some Bob&lt;-&gt;Eve coin, which Bob then forwards to Eve on Alice's behalf.  Thus, routing.
Bob does not need to be trusted because of atomic swaps.  Atomic swaps means that Bob can get the Alice&lt;-&gt;Bob coin if, and only if, Eve got an equivalent amount of the Bob&lt;-&gt;Eve coin.  The same atomic swap operation can be used across different cryptocurrencies, too, but for now Lightning works within a single cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-10-10 04:28:21
Chill dude.  There's a reason a lot of us get out of the country.  Some of us stay to try to make things better but hey, we still get outvoted, you know?  Besides, it's only six years, and things can happen in the mean time.  It's mostly just a shout-out.  Stop freaking out so much.
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:18:27
It is indeed fiat.  However, the connotation is different from the denotation.  The dictionary definition of "fiat" is that nothing is backing it.  The connotation of "fiat" especially "filthy fiat" is the nothing-backed currencies whose creation and distribution are controlled by the whims of various people inside and outside governments, as opposed to our "clean fiat" Bitcoin whose creation and distribution is controlled by a strict program that allows no deviation, and which requires significant effort to have enough consensus to modify.
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:02:39
LOL.  Doesn't matter.  All my coins are on my own wallet.  If 2X temporarily has a surfeit of hashpower, it just makes it easier for me to transfer 2X to an exchange and sell it.  Since it's free money, even if bitcoin takes a long time getting out of the exchange, it's not particularly vital to me, it's free anyway.
You have so little understanding of the concept of economic majority do you?  HINT: HODLERs control hardforks.  Miners control softforks, but only to the extent that HODLERs do not coerce them to enter/leave a softfork.
@_date: 2017-09-06 04:51:02
It's your position which is a straw man.
The idea is not "Trust nobody at all!!!!!!"
The idea is "Trust as little as possible, verify as much as possible".
A little bit of auditing of the code you use every now and then is better than just downloading the binary.
Asking on the dev mailinglist about any serious auditing of the code being done by anyone at all is worse than doing this heroic effort by yourself, but better than just downloading the binary.
The goal is to reduce trust.  Targeting trustlessness is better than just giving up.
@_date: 2017-09-12 05:03:43
Probably fedpeg, as that is actually workable now.
Other peg plans currently don't seem to have much support behind them in Core, actually.  Drivechains has a distant chance of being put in Core; SPV proofs, maybe no.
@_date: 2017-09-26 00:15:32
Copying Bitcon Core and changing a few integers is precisely what a lot of altcoins did.  You still won't see the majority of Bitcoin Core devs jumping into altcoins.
@_date: 2017-10-13 06:10:46
Me too, although honestly, having a family was always one of my life goals anyway, so I'm happy to achieve that while hopefully leaving my kids a reasonably-good legacy in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-20 07:31:53
In general, a protocol improvement allows more options for use of the protocol, or better security, or somesuch.  If you do not count those as "more features", what do you consider a protocol improvement?
In any case, I perceive that you are merely being disingenuous.  Additional code is evidence for more features/improvements/positivity.  It is not ironclad evidence --- code monkeys can just copy-paste code in the stupidest way possible --- but it is evidence nevertheless of ongoing updates and improvement.
Further, whereas absolute lines of code do not necessarily correlate to "improvement", activity on lines of code (removed/added/modified lines of code) ***does*** correlate, and Bitcoin Core is still the project with the greatest amount of code activity.
In any case I tire of this argument and you have failed to convince me of your position.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:36:55
Supposedly, assurance contracts: a bunch of people promise to donate money to some cause, but only on the condition that (1) enough other people also promise to reach the funding target and (2) only if it actually gets delivered.  In theory you could reduce the governmentt down to contract dispute resolution, and that's all that taxes need pay for.
I like to think of Bitcoin's FIBRE network, though.  In the past, a bunch of companies pledged to pay for some months of operation, in a sort of assurance contract way.  But eventually, TheBlueMatt got tired of having to go around to them to remind them to pay up, and started just paying for it out-of-pocket.  That's nice that he still wanted to do that to maintain his hodlings, but what if some similarly vital piece of infrastructure was run by someone who didn't particularly care?  He could have threatened to shut it off, then start asking for more money to keep it running.  Yes, people could have just copied his open source software and run other networks, but FIBRE is powerful because it's a single network where you push your mined blocks and everyone immediately gets it and they start mining on top of your block, instead of you delivering the blocks to multiple different competing FIBRE networks and hoping everyone else gets it before somebody lucks out and gets two blocks in a row very quickly.
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:36:56
It's Schnorr, not snore.  Although Schnorr being a fucking a-hole by patenting his signature scheme and preventing it from being used for 20 years, yah let's call it snore signatures instead.
(Tadge Dryja, one of the co-authors of LN paper, mentioned in a talk once that they won't call it Schnorr on rollout to Bitcoin, they'll call it something like bn-signatures or something something, mostly to spite Schnorr for being an a-hole) Edit: source: 


@_date: 2017-09-11 04:15:06
Core presented it as an optimization, not a vulnerability, because that's what you do: you don't say, before release, that "we did X because it turns out Y attack could happen if we didn't", you say "we did X because optimization/feature request/code cleanup."
What I'm saying is that Core presented it, and then claimed it was an optimization, because Core does responsible reporting of vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2017-09-20 08:24:59
Pieter Wuille
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:29:17
Oh come on.  The idea is obvious to anyone who's read LN BOLT specs.  There's no "coffee" channel vs "streaming" channel, everyone's connected, moving funds from one channel to another is as easy as routing from yourself to yourself.  LN protocol supports it already, you just need to teach the software to do it.  Or manually do it yourself.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:33:25
I contend that BMM is a distraction.
The question is:
If a mainchain miner is doing BMM, how does it know what to vote?
If you look at BMM, all it does is ask the miner to commit a hash.
It does not inform the miner whether the hash is correct (someone can lie to the miner and give a bad hash, in preparation for stealing the coins later).
It does not inform the miner whether to upvote or downvote a particular withdrawal.
How does the miner know whether to upvote or downvote a WT?  Does the sidechain miner give it a sidechain block which the miner then verifies, keeping track of UTXO sets and verifying signatures?  If so: that's what a sidechain fullnode does, doesn't it?
Like I pointed out: sure a miner can commit to a hash, and get the BMM payment from the sidechain miner.  The miner can also decide to downvote withdrawals WHILE COMMITTING TO THE BMM HASH AND GETTING PAID FOR THE BMM, completely ignoring whether the withdrawals are valid or not. "Sorry, we will continue to downvote every withdrawal.  This is the freedom given by the Bitcoin protocol."
That's the bone of contention here.  I think BMM is not well thought out and does not have the properties Sztorc thinks it hsa.
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:54:47
I have a different view, and basically: the market will decide, full stop, regardless of what you do.
The only thing necessary is to remind everyone why the BTC chain is valuable.  It is valuable because it is uncensorable and immutable, it is valuable because it is developed by a diverse group of extremely intelligent individuals, it is valuable because we the users control it, even if that control is limited to "what code do I run to keep in consensus with other users like me".
There is no need to do anything other than rely on the market.  If the market "tips" to a 1:5 ratio, then the market has spoken: people value a centrally-controlled cartel behind their money more than a massively-distributed core group, in which case, our problems are worse than mere Bitcoin.
There is no need to panic.  There ***is*** a need to keep reminding everyone why Bitcoin is valuable, and why it is more valuable than 2X.
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:00:35
* Pre-fork: spends *to* this address are valid.
* Post-fork BTC: spends *to* this address are valid.
* Post-fork 2X: spends *to* this address are invalid.
The problem is that your money is in another address, not 3Bit1x, so pre-fork, it will still be spendable on both sides.
You will have to do this after the fork in order to split your coins.  You spend 1 satoshi to the 3Bit1x address, then your change address is now your new, BTC-only address, while your original address is now your new, 2X-only address.
@_date: 2017-10-09 08:39:10
@_date: 2017-09-11 01:36:38
Well, I suppose with the vulnerability and fix getting leaked, Core decided to release it faster than their normal track.
My understanding from nullc's post is that the final release should have been on 2017-09-15.
@_date: 2017-10-02 02:33:57
(Heard about it but haven't checked it out deeply, though)
@_date: 2017-10-13 07:19:26
Yep \^\^.  I'm setting aside some of my and my wife's BTC hodlings for them; hopefully by the time they reach college it will be enough for their entire college tuition, and if they snagged a college scholarship, the money is theirs on graduation for whatever (hopefully starting a business or just keeping in various investments as needed; I had better gotten them educated well on wise saving and not have to force them to hodl on to it).
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:43:08
A lunatic waving a gun around may not be intentionally trying to harm anyone, and think they are doing the right thing, but you're still just as dead if you get shot.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:54:24
In my country, the sellers on localbitcoins all have a minimum purchase of about $200, so YMMV.  Hopefully things are more liquid in India.
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:07:25
Keeping btc1 nodes connected to the sea of no2x core nodes means that btc1 nodes will have difficulty finding each other when forkday comes.
Every btc1 miner whose btc1 fullnode is not connected to another btc1 fullnode somehow will likely end up mining its own private fork of 2X, simply because nobody will tell them of another miner's 2X blocks, since the NO2X nodes in between them are not going to relay those blocks to them.
Makes me think of the "fucking core" bicyclist.
@_date: 2017-10-06 02:55:11
Because 2X is supposed to be "no need to update SPV clients, you'll follow the most-miner chain (which will be 2X because /NYA/ in the coinbase is a cryptographic commitment to mine 2X!!) automatically!!!111".
Except of course, we still need to update clients for 2X, as it turns out.
@_date: 2017-10-05 04:58:46
This is approximately correct.
The hope is that LN will be nearer a "mesh", truly peer-to-peer topology, i.e. you're connected to a dozen random users, not one or two hubs.  However first-mover advantages probably mean some central hubs will arise: the hope is that LN centralization pressure is much lower than miner centralization pressure.
However even if LN falls into a hub-and-spokes configuration rather than mesh, the onion construction of payments means it is generally impractical to censor transactions.
@_date: 2017-10-10 08:53:19
I sold as a joke / and started the whole sub crying / oh if I'd only seen / that the joke was on me
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:01:30
It's Core's fault for implementing new features and optimizing the code! How can derivative knockoffs displace them if they keep on improving their code!?
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:14:44
Specialization trades off genericity for efficiency.  The only way to avoid ASICs is to institutionalize PoW change as part of the protocol, say mix PoW algorithms every 3 months and a PoW algo can only be "in tenure" for 6 months.  But that will be very difficult to pull off.  And FPGAs are still only slightly harder to program than GPUs
Even "memory-hard" algorithms will eventually fall to ASICs with specialized memory-access buses: just give it time.
@_date: 2017-09-20 22:57:52
2.  BIP148 (UASF) was started much earlier than NYA.  It declared August 1 as flag day.
3.  btc1 had a rushed development schedule in June and July because WHY DO YOU THINK?
4.  btc1 has had very little activity in August and September.
In short... btc1 rushed to develop before August 1 flag date because if it didn't, it would have crashed headlong into UASF.
So yes: UASF forced btc1 to be compatible with it.  So UASF got segwit.
@_date: 2018-11-13 03:42:01
No, both sides will simply give their inputs to the funding transaction, and agree to start with the balance split according to their contributions to the channel.
@_date: 2018-02-12 06:56:11
The issue is that once you start making something that was previously valueless into a valueable commodity,  after all the unallocated and wasted stuff (the low-lying fruit) is used up, people will start paying big money to get even more.  So it ***will*** drive the demand upwards and prices will go up.
Consider how crude oil used to be crappy smelly shit used for lamps in the Middle East, and people would leave lands if oil started oozing out of it (because it messed with farming and grazing), until Automobiles.  Now we have frackin' fracking just to get more oil out of ground whose oil was squeezed out long ago.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:02:15
Lightning.  Schnorr signature non-interactive aggregation. UTXO set commitments.
@_date: 2017-09-20 03:39:44
The properties of metals cannot be improved by human developers at the current level of technology.
The properties of bitcoins can.
Thus, bitcoins can be adapted to future changes.
Investment in bitcoin is an investment in the abilities of the Core team behind the Bitcoin software.
(arguably we can find novel uses of the existing properties of metals, but you really need to balance that against the ability of the Core team to improve Bitcoin in the meantime)
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:41:58
Research ways to split coins without replay protection. 
Split coin.
Sell B2X, keep BTC.
Surprisingly enough, that is enough to destroy B2X: 
@_date: 2017-10-25 06:18:08
RSK is a sidechain with different characteristics from base Bitcoin. For one RSK will use a set of "distributed" trusted functionaries to build blocks, not a set of miners (not yet until Drivechains anyway), you know, like Ethereum is now. So fees on Bitcoin are unlikely to be affected, the smart contracts don't run on Bitcoin chain.
@_date: 2017-10-30 05:58:38
Well yes, some of the 2^256 possible inputs will be mapped to the same 2^160 possible outputs, which is the point.  It's theoretically possible to collide.  ***Theoretically***.
However, 2^64 is already a billion times larger than the number of people on Earth right now.  Square that to reach 2^128 , and that's ***less*** than the number of addresses available, which is 2^160 .
We don't want to push it through 256-bit hash function because:
1.  256 bits is 32 bytes, 160 bits is 20 bytes --- that's 12 bytes saved per P2PKH output.
2.  Bitcoin actually uses RIPEMD160(SHA256(publickey)).  If we wanted to use 256-bit hash, there would be two options: a 256-bit variant of SHA1, or the new (at the time Bitcoin was first made) SHA2 256-bit variant (i.e. SH256).  However at the time it was already suspected that SHA1 was weak, so the only real 256-bit option was SHA2 256-bit (SHA3 was not yet invented at the time). Now for user security, we want multiple hash functions, so that in case one is weakened, we can still depend on the other --- that's why we use RIPEMD160(SHA256(pubkey)), two different hash functions.  This also has the above side-effect that the final hash output is shorter.
@_date: 2017-09-10 22:36:34


WTF.  You think theft of Bitcoin is going to lead to anything other than an excess of supply?
After all, money that was being safely hedl in SegWit addresses is now suddenly stealable.  Do you honestly think thieves are going to hodl them again?  Do you think headlines like "HODLERs Lose Bitcoin" are going to make people want to buy?
Last time there was confirmed theft of Bitcoin from an exchange, Bitcoin value dropped and didn't recover for 2 years.  Letting SegWit addresses be stolen will lead to something very similar.
@_date: 2017-09-18 07:41:13
TIL Satoshi Nakamoto's real identity: 4chan
@_date: 2017-09-10 15:33:22
The "economic majority" is the people who own bitcoin.  You can bet that they wouldn't want SegWit addresses to be exposed to theft.  Even if they didn't have any SegWit addresses themselves, any large-scale theft would crash the value of the coin.
@_date: 2017-09-18 23:18:28
Unfortunately the mempool is not part of consensus --- its state is not stored on the blockchain, like at all.  A newly-brought-up node will see an empty mempool even if other's mempools are full.
You have to make the rule refer only to transactions in the block, and transactions in previous blocks.  There is no consensus on mempool.  You could apply the rule that if the block size is less than the median of the previous 11 blocks, then there is some penalty to the block reward, but you can't refer to the mempool.
@_date: 2017-09-21 13:15:33
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:52:19
Much of the hype around IoT is lots of promises without any technical backing.  Heck much of the hype around blockchain is promises without any technical backing.
I remember a remarkable aphorism in the cryptographer community.  Someone was claiming the invention of something called "Smart Water", which you would paint on things you own.  If somebody stole them, you had proof that you owned the items and any investigators only needed to confirm that your smart water was painted on them.  It would revolutionize human morality forever: nobody would ever steal anything.
A passing cryptographer, overhearing this, said "So if I paint my smart water on your stuff, and call the cops, I get to keep your stuff?"
Reference: 
The RFID chips on WALTONCHAIN sound an awful lot like that Smart Water.
@_date: 2017-10-08 07:42:58
Core was discussing fraud block proofs a while ago. The only one that worked, if I remember correctly, was proof that a block was too large. So I guess that can be used by SPV clients.
@_date: 2017-09-14 00:29:15
Well I'm not adverse to eating popcorn while watching him debate.
@_date: 2017-09-20 01:46:15
Well, it was scheduled for "before end of 2017" so maybe it'll just be on time for the China mining ban.
Or not, haha.
@_date: 2017-09-12 08:59:45
Yes, I agree. However, the only discussion of sidechains on bitcoin-dev in the recent months is mostly about drivechains, so I think bitcoin-dev is more likely to accept drivechains than SPV-proofed sidechains, based only on the fact that the only sidechain-related activity I see on bitcoin-dev is drivechains.  And even drivechains are unlikely - Sztorc is practically hoarse trying to convince everyone that miners have the economic majority's interest at heart.
I don't see any of the sidechains.pdf authors working on sidechains, and Gmax, I believe, is on record as saying that he believes LN is a superior solution to sidechains.
Personally I think the only good purpose for sidechains is a sidechain with superior privacy than base Bitcoin.  A lot of the things that Ethereum can do, a DLC oracle can probably do (and a lot of the things that Ethereum does would require some oracle anyway). Of course, DLC is still under development and requires Schnorr, and Schnorr generator point still has to be decided.
@_date: 2018-02-13 09:22:23
It should be, else why use a cryptographically-controlled deflationary currency?
@_date: 2017-10-20 07:45:55
Okay, here's my cryptographic commitment which ensures that this New New York Agreement will be supported by me in the future:
@_date: 2017-09-21 07:30:58
I think his worry is what if the Chinese government executes a 51% attack on Bitcoin using the confiscated miners.
@_date: 2017-09-11 04:01:16
The price will move in the direction the price will move, which is basically what a bunch of people trying to get ahead in life think is the best direction.
Now, you yourself want to get ahead in life.  You could try to guess what people would do, which is technical analysis and which involves looking at charts.
Or you could make models of reality, figure out what gives something value, and figure out which things increase or decrease that value, sniff around for what's happening, that's fundamental analysis.
Here's some of my own fundamental analysis.  IMPORTANT: we have a saying, Don't Trust, Verify.  This applies here too.
1.  "SegWit2x" is a requirement imposed by the NYA or New York Agreement.  It is: (1) Activate SegWit (2) 3 months later, hardfork into a 2x larger base blocksize.
2.  SegWit was activated in August.  There is contention whether it was the NYA which activated it, or an independent push called BIP148 UASF.
3.  BIP148 imposed an August 1 flag date, where all miners must signal support for SegWit, or else BIP148 will ignore them.
4.  SegWit2x's reference implementation, called btc1, was rushed to finish before July 25.  The commonly-accepted reason for this target date was to ensure that btc1 would force activation before BIP148 forced activation.
5.  Another proposal, BIP91, also existed, which used btc1's coordination signalling, but without a hard fork.
6.  There is significant contention that BIP91 and BIP148 were enough to activate SegWit, even without btc1.  The problem is that in reality, all three were in use and it is difficult to figure out whether BIP148 and BIP91 by themselves could have enabled SegWit at this point.
7.  To further make things less clear, a hard fork calling itself Bitcoin Cash also occurred in August as opposition to BIP148.  It provided an 8x size increase but rejects any activation of SegWit.
8.  Bitcoin Cash is relevant since some people were under the impression that the point of the NYA was to keep a single unified Bitcoin.  As there is now a main Bitcoin and a Bitcoin Cash, there is contention that the point of the NYA was violated anyway, making its requirement moot.
9.  So: (1) btc1 is argued to not have been the driving force behind the SegWit activation (2) btc1's justification, of keeping both SegWit supporters and large block supporters on a single chain, has been violated since large block supporters forked off into Bitcoin Cash anyway.
10.  If you have Bitcoin now, at the point of fork (if it occurs) you will have coins on both the 2x chain and the non-2x chain.  You have the choice of selling one and buying the other, or keeping both, or selling both.
11.  Now let's talk fundamentals.  We don't buy Bitcoin now because we can use it.  We buy Bitcoin now because (1) we're convinced of the strength of its payment system (2) we're convinced of the existing network effect which will pull in more people into use of its payment system.
12.  The future strength of Bitcoin's payment system is based on future development of its code implementation.  The btc1 implementation is currently developed primarily by a single developer.  The reference Bitcoin Core client is developed by a larger group of developers.  The Bitcoin Core developers includes Pieter Wuille, who is very awesome, and which is Bitcoin Core's trump in the hole who is probably going to defeat every other altcoin simply by existing.
13.  However, for now at least, a good portion of the existing code is similar between btc1 and Bitcoin Core, thus at least for current payment network quality, we can consider them similar.
14.  Most Bitcoin Core developers are against the 2x hard fork in the 3-month time frame requested by the NYA.  If we treat their commits on Bitcoin Core as "proof of work" (since it's hard to develop working code, but it's easy to verify that it's working - I mean, Bitcoin is working now, right?), then almost all such votaries are against the 2x fork.
15.  This leaves the network effect.  NYA claims that a good portion of existing large Bitcoin-using businesses have signed support for the NYA.  However, there are counterclaims that an even greater number of Bitcoin-using businesses have not signed support for NYA and there are small groups that have signalled opposition to NYA.
16.  There is contention that the big businesses backing NYA do not even represent a majority of the true controllers and owners of Bitcoin, and thus the NYA claim of good network effect is being questioned.
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:32:46
Time in the market beats timing the market.  Once your DCA has been done for more than a year ago, the chances are very good you would be very much in the black and chillin'.
@_date: 2019-09-25 06:06:21
The others have explained your current question.  What I will explain is something you didn't ask, but which you should really know.
***There is no such thing as a Bitcoin account***
Well there is, but only for custodial services like the exchange you used.  For non-custodial wallets, like what you have now, Bitcoin is *NOT* arranged into accounts.
Instead, Bitcoin is arranged in coins.  Every time you receive money into your non-custodial wallet, a new coin is created.
Each coin has a label, called the "address".  It's just a label.  It shows who owns it.  If you have the private keys, you can spend it.  It's yours.
You can label all your incoming coins with the same address, but that reveals to everyone else that there is a single person who owns all those coins.  This reduces your privacy.  Since creating a new address is basically free (just requires some maths on the software of your phone) you're better off having each incoming coin with a different address, so that it's harder for somebody else to realize that you own all of those coins.
The space of addresses is very large, if everyone on earth had 100 addresses and you had a few trilliion Earths, you might end up having a 1 in a million chance of having the same address as somebody else, but fortunately we aren't at the level of having a few trillion Earths yet.
Thus, most modern non-custodial wallets will, when you receive a payment, show yet another address to you for receiving.  This is perfectly fine, because best practice is to always receive with a fresh address.
Now, I mentioned that Bitcoin is organized into things called "coins".  What happens is that if you spend a coin, you have to spend the *whole* coin.  Fortunately, when you spend a coin, you can split it up into smaller coins (or if you need to spend a large amount, you can merge many special coins in a single spending transaction).
So for example if you have a 100mBTC coin and need to pay me 1mBTC (because I'm so awesome at explaining things), you split it up into a new 99mBTC coin and a new 1mBTC coin.  You put my address (which I would give to you) on the 1mBTC coin, and your software would automatically generate a new address (called a change address) to put on your 99mBTC coin.
Or suppose instead you don't have a whole 1mBTC coin, you only have a 0.7mBTC coin and a 0.5mBTC coin.  You merge the two coins into 1.2mBTC of value that you split into two new coins, a 1mBTC coin and a 0.2mBTC coin.  You label the 1mBTC coin with my address and then your software automatically generates a new change address for the 0.2mBTC coin.
* There are no accounts in Bitcoin.
* Addresses are not accounts.
* You can have many addresses (in fact, this is recommended).
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:42:22
Nontechnical people might be willing to put their BTC in a "trusted" setup if they never need to worry about private keys getting stolen, wet, burned, or buried in rubble.  Yes, we handle that ourselves, but people prioritize convenience over correctness.
The "trusted" setup can then just be a fractional-reserve bank underneath, using bitcoins instead of local fiat.
The difference here is that there's never going to be a central reserve bank to bail out a bank that overextends its loans, but that also makes bank runs on fractional-reserve banks possible.
@_date: 2017-10-04 07:16:12
Hmm, well.  I admit it's easier to create.  But even if miners "sweep it up", well, that will require more space on the blockchain, sigh.  I mean, if even just a few hundred thousand use this technique separately for their coins, the sweeping up adds a few block's worth of transactions.
Granted, a few more Mbytes in the blockchain aren't that big a deal but still.... sigh.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:36:25
such altcoins. AMAZE.  why this happened?? CONCERN.
@_date: 2017-10-11 08:34:54
Transactions on exchanges are often *off-chain*.  So your balance in a typical exchange is only a number stored in an SQL database, and is not split up into little UTXO's like Bitcoin charges you for.
The fees that exchanges charge you are fixed at high rates, but don't expect the fees they pay to the miners are the same as the fees they charge you.  You can try checking one of the withdrawals you have and see the Bitcoin transaction they actually put on the blockchain to see what fee rate they pay to the miner.  Most exchanges will combine your withdrawal with dozens of other customer's and enjoy the reduced fees from the combination, while charging you larger fee rates.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:17:21
Ha, LOL.  Blame it on Amazon being difficult to use because local customs are going to block everything for an additional two weeks here, because fuck the Philippines.  Never used it.  I hear it has better service elsewhere.
Chaumian banks are nice but it seems the fact that they have a central server means they are targets for takedowns.  Chaumian banks, because of unlinkability, allow money laundering.  Blockchains are nice but all except a very few of them (Zcash, Grin/MimbleWimble, Monero) are publicly-visible ledgers.
Not to mention your service may be subject to money transmitter laws by FinCEN, since it facilitates transfer of tokens that are used as money substitutes.
@_date: 2017-09-03 14:47:36
5\.  You will not be able to create a SegWit address on mainnet, as you would not be able to spend it from Electrum 2.9.3 on mainnet.  This means you will be unable to get a weight discount with Electrum 2.9.3.
@_date: 2017-10-04 07:15:41
That's good, then. \^\^
@_date: 2017-10-06 08:33:24
Was ~0.28 some 2-&gt;4 hours ago.
@_date: 2017-10-19 08:29:51


Except, like I said, under some conditions, you can get cheaper with Bitcoin than credit card, no matter how ***you*** spin it.  Like my example: my credit card is specifically for local currency, because as a citizen of a turd-world country I am a third-class citizen of the world and will never be given a card with reasonable fees for foreign currencies, because fuck the USA.  So I spend $135+5% for my credit card, or I spend $135 + $0.54 with my BTC.  Which do you think is cheaper?
purse.io offer 15% discounts for Amazon items, for example.  A single book in Amazon costs maybe $3 -&gt; $4, and if I'm buying more than a few books, the bitcoin fee will be lower than the 15% discount.  In my specific case, too, Amazon would have to deliver it by overseas delivery, so to keep the delivery costs down (relative to the item price) I would want to buy at least $20 worth of product.  That justifies up to $3 in fees, and I'll still be better off using Bitcoin than my lousy credit card.
There are transaction costs everywhere, they're just hidden from you.  Bitcoin puts them out in the open.  Paper bills and metal slugs need to be authenticated, the authentication costs something, that is paid for by inflation, whose effect you do not see unless you look at them.  Credit cards increase the cost of every merchant who wants to provide credit card payments, and if there is no law requiring that merchants not use the term "credit card surcharge", it's a contract clause in the credit card requiring them to not use that term; its effect is again invisible to you.


Sigh.  So much misinformation about Lightning, so little life to spend.
@_date: 2017-10-09 06:06:12
Yes, if you consolidate them then sell.  Selling each UTXO one-by-one leaks less information but it's a lot more effort, more fees (due to more transactions).  Also, it's kinda pointless if you'll just sell all of them using a single account on a single exchange --- if you're going to go through the trouble of selling UTXO's one by one, use multiple accounts on multiple exchanges.
I also hope that your reddit account is a throwaway, otherwise people might stalk you in an effort to steal your 50 BTC.
@_date: 2017-09-21 22:38:59


LOL. The best Core programmers are beyond this.
Take Pieter Wuille. He optimized libsecp256k1. Before Pieter Wuille, people were discussing moving to the ed25519 curve because it was faster and signature verification of 1Mb blocks was a bottleneck. After Pieter Wuille did libsecp256k1 opt, they measured and it turns out libsecp256k1 was faster than the fastest ed25519 library.
Pieter Wuille also invented SegWit, altho as a hardfork. Another Core guy, Luke Dash Jr., figured out how to make it into a softfork. Softforks are safer than hardforks, and before SegWit as a softfork, people were thinking that block size increases could only be done as a hardfork.
Ever heard of FIBRE? It's the backbone of modern Bitcoin, quickly relaying blocks and reducing block orphaning especially for small miners. It was designed and is operated by Matt Corallo. It's probably the biggest reason why we can even get 1Mb blocks at all today. FIBRE is particularly clever as it simply pushes block data in an error correcting format without requiring constant feedback as to whether the data got to its destination.
Silicon valley level programmers, what do they do, write shit like Windows?
@_date: 2017-10-25 01:47:42
Yes, some months ago.
@_date: 2017-10-02 02:24:42
[A Treatise on Altcoins]( section 6.3:


miners much more control over the block rate.  By increasing the block rate they can give
themselves significant advantage by being the first to know about each new block;  by de-
creasing it they can push other miners off the network by increasing the variance of their


ens the clamping (if the difficulty can change by a factor of four every 504 blocks,  it can
change by a factor of 256 every 2016 blocks), and also lets attackers operate in a drive-by
fashion where they do not need to control large portions of hashpower for very long in order
to execute attacks.
@_date: 2017-10-24 09:09:14
You really should spend all UTXO's with the same address.  You are not required by the Bitcoin network to do so, but it's a very good idea to do so nevertheless.
In particular, reusing addresses reduces your privacy.
Also, future quantum computers can potentially hack your private key from the public key.  Addresses are the hash of the public key and so aren't quantum-hackable (hashes are not quantum hackable, although quantum computers can compute hash in half the steps: it's not enough of a boost to hack hashes).
Once you spend from an address, however, the public key is revealed.  Anyone who owns a quantum computer can then start hacking your private key from the public key.
So, don't reuse addresses, and if you spend from an address, spend all UTXOs from the address.
@_date: 2017-10-11 08:46:15
Yes.  Sell 2X ASAP.
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:23:32
Why not `"NO2X" OP_RETURN` instead?  At least `OP_RETURN` is pruneable.  Fucking incompetents.
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:18:50
I make 1Tb of 1sat/weight transactions and pump it through the network, now make them all happen in 3 days.
@_date: 2017-09-15 08:09:16
Yeah, with another reset and with The One sacrificed to trigger that reset.  *Just as planned*
@_date: 2017-09-05 12:34:57
Arguments screen off expertise. Still, if the expert can give cogent arguments, the expert's arguments are more likely to be correct.
Satoshi is dead, may he remain dead.
@_date: 2017-10-10 06:49:24
How easily can you arbitrage BTC into GBTC and vice versa?  I.e. exchange BTC for equivalent GBTC shares, or exchange GBTC shares for equivalent BTC.  Without such a peg, then don't expect them to correlate.
GBTC is currently little more than a proof-of-burn (somebody took some BTC and made them unspendable) if there is no way to arbitrage GBTC and BTC prices.
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:31:16
It's when most of the Western world is on some kind of half-baked vacation from frenetic economic activity.
@_date: 2017-10-08 01:53:48
But Lightning is vaporware! /s
@_date: 2017-10-02 02:21:48
I personally haven't gotten around to dumping, simply because I'd rather put my funds in a SegWit version of Electrum first before I dump BCH.
Probably should have dumped BCH earlier, sad.
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:09:32
My sweet summer child.... it won't be a simple one line change. The btc1 code needs to keep track of when SegWit activated, add three months to that, then apply a different weight limit. It's not changing a single constant, it's making a constant 4M into a variable that is 4M before SegWit+3months and is 8M afterwards.
2X is **not a simple one line change**.
@_date: 2017-10-06 01:47:39


Electrum lets you override fees, depends on the wallet.


Doesn't matter.  The point of using a second transaction is that the second transaction is a child-pays-for-parent, i.e. the fee of the second transaction pays for confirmation of both the first and second transaction.  Yes, you can spend from an unconfirmed transaction, this is possible today (but not reliable if signatures are malleable: it's possible, not reliable)
It's just better to clean up after yourself: you leave behind a prunable output, not one that will stick on the BTC UTXO set bloating shit.  If it's difficult, then, well, fuck 2X.
@_date: 2017-09-04 04:08:01
We'll use human blood, that shouldn't run out soon.
@_date: 2017-10-08 01:47:12
Oh be realistic. Retirement age for next generation Bitcoin collectors is 11, not 10.
@_date: 2017-09-07 09:26:51
TIL Drowned God = Honey Badger
@_date: 2017-10-10 09:41:19
Recent versions of Electrum let you [sign transactions offline](
Basically create an Electrum standard wallet on a **permanently** offline computer, copy the Master Public Key, create a watch-only wallet on an online computer using the Master Public Key.
Then when you need to send, create a transaction on your online watch-only wallet and save it to a file.  Copy the file to a USB stick.  Insert USB stick to offline computer, sign it on the offline computer, then save it again.  Bring it back to the online computer, load the transaction, broadcast.
Make sure to have an antivirus on your online computer and keep the antivirus up-to-date.  You can't keep the antivirus up-to-date on the offline computer easily, so the online computer needs to protect itself, the USB stick you use, and the offline signing computer from viruses.
Note that hardware wallets automated this process --- the hardware wallet's on-board CPU **is** the offline computer in this case, and is never accessible online --- it gets its transactions as if through a USB stick file transfer.
@_date: 2017-10-02 10:05:19
Nodes publish their version strings to each other.  Core 0.15.0 recognizes btc1 nodes via this version string and automatically bans any node that reports btc1.  Now btc1 can spoof its version string so that Core 0.15.0 won't autoban them.
Note that btc1 being forced on a separate network *now* is important to btc1, as the much larger number of other nodes which refuse to shift to btc1 are likely to surround them.  A btc1 node that spoofs its versionstring may find itself unable to connect to the 2X network (still trying to quixotically get 2X data from non-2X peers).  If btc1 node is a miner's node (possible if you believe the /NYA/ in the coinbase (ha, ha)) and each of the btc1 mining nodes are surrounded by non-2X nodes, then 2X won't fork off to a separate chain cleanly (because they'll be trying to pass the 2X blocks to nodes that just aren't interested, so their 2X blocks won't reach other btc1 miners), they'll have lots of little fork chains that conflict with each other and they'll be even worse off then the supposedly-dead BTC chain.
@_date: 2017-10-10 09:15:26
Have you actually tried to brute force seeds?
Every word **multiplies** the number of tries needed by about a thousand.  Actually, it multiplies it by 2048.
Let's say it takes you 1 second to generate an attempt.  To go through all the possible words for a 6-word key, you need 73,786,976,294,838,206,464 seconds.  For reference, that's approximately 2,339,769,669,420 years.  Even if you could generate an attempt at 1 ms, it will still take you 2,339,769,669 years.
That's for a lousy ***6*** words.  16 words?  People will invent quantum computers and derive your private key from your public key using Shor's Algorithm long before you crack that.
In fact, the next time you need to set a password, consider using a set of four words rather than some arcane, but short, combination of numbers, punctuation, small letters and big letters.  Relevant: 
@_date: 2017-10-05 07:25:35
Craig Wright's technical knowledge? 
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:00:36
Electrum has a setting for that: Tools &gt; Preferences, Fees tab, unset "dynamic fees".
Unfortunately you have to compute the fee by yourself rather than specify fee rate, and Electrum won't tell you tx size.  Rule of thumb is 180 bytes per input plus 34 bytes per output, multiply that by fee rate.
You probably also want to enable "replace by fee" so you can lowball the fee, then increase it if you become impatient.
@_date: 2017-10-03 20:11:36
Every hardfork is an invitation to create a permanent chainsplit. At this point, I suspect every future improvement --- including block size increase --- should be a softfork.
@_date: 2018-02-12 09:29:44
See [Xalteox's post]( as well as [my followup](
@_date: 2017-09-03 07:02:04
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:56:15
@_date: 2017-10-19 05:38:29
. . . . . .
SegWit gets us up to 2Mb, even touching the lower edge of 4Mb for particularly witness-heavy transactions.  That's still a block size increase, regardless of ***base*** block size.  I think people overfocus on the ***base*** block size, when we already know techniques for doing block size increases with softforks, they're just opt-in for users.
@_date: 2019-09-12 03:58:10
Then wait.  There's a moratorium for that information, so that everyone can safely upgrade.  It's less than 3 weeks away anyway.
@_date: 2019-09-30 07:17:26
Yes, precisely.  Every resource, in the end, is limited in supply, either by our ability (as a civilization) to acquire it from the environment, or our ability (as a civilization) to construct it (which is the same thing anyway).  Money is how we decide how every *limited* resource, *today*, is going to go.  Which is my point.  Wars may still be lucrative, if you get more resources than what you spend, and in particular if you get *somebody else* to go to war with *somebody else* and sell weapons to both sides (i.e. "incite war" intelligence operation in 4X games).
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:06:07
The guy is saying that it's *best* to do it *early*.  He is not arguing it *must* be done *the very first thing you do after the fork happens*.
If you are delayed by the processing of splitting coins in the absence of replay protection, but sell as soon as you have successfully split, that is still *early*, modulo the problem of splitting coins safely without replay protection.
@_date: 2017-10-17 09:14:32
Fnikucg birnas, how do tehy wrok?
@_date: 2017-10-22 05:48:35
This is already done, it's called Compact Blocks.
@_date: 2017-10-17 01:35:07
Stop your shilling you two. It will be bitcoin, not *bitcoin* or ***bitcoin***.
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:22:24
Not bother, btc1 hurts itself more than Core, as Core nodes vastly outnumber btc1.
@_date: 2017-10-09 06:10:09
Yeah, LOL.  r/bitcoin is not Core.  Hang out at bitcoin-wizards or bitcoin-dev, not a peep about 2X.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:17:32
Yes, that's what "no replay protection" means.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:43:31
Yay finally a tech post among a sea of non-tech posts!
@_date: 2017-09-03 14:45:21
1.  Yes.  SegWit is opt-in and even "non-compatible" wallets will work with it.
2.  Yes.  SegWit addresses can be encoded as P2SH addresses, which start with "3", and have been supported for years already.
3.  Yes.
4.  SegWit is back compatible.  Stop fretting.
@_date: 2017-10-10 09:30:56
Used to be, softforks were activated via a 95% miner vote, and would not be activated if it reached a timeout date without sufficient 95% miner vote.  CLTV, CSV, and SegWit were activated this way (I think...).  This is the BIP9 policy.
However, due to the delay in SegWit activation, this policy is now changed.  The BIP8 policy modifies this: if miners reach a 95% threshold, it gets activated.  If it reaches a timeoute date without a 95% miner vote, it still gets activated.  All future softforks will use the BIP8 policy from now on.
Note that hardforks are never activatable by miners.  Hardforks require user activation.  It is only in softforks that miners can lead users to.
@_date: 2017-10-11 09:21:15
No, because btc1 nodes disguise themselves as Core nodes now, so in reality, every Core node is really a btc1 node in disguise!!!!!!
@_date: 2017-10-20 08:11:13
This Death Note fanfic also gives some hints about how easy anyone is going to be to trace on the Internet: 
Specifically chapter 7 (if you don't really care for the fanfic itself, but just want to know how easy it is to F your security): 
The ZeroLink protocol points out that pre-mix and post-mix wallets should not be used together and any coins from one should not be spent in the same transaction as coins from the other: 
@_date: 2017-10-02 07:43:50


But this is precisely the point.  If you do not want 2X to succeed because you view it as an attack on Core, you want the 2X coins split from your BTC in order to ***sell*** the 2X coins (crashing the 2X price) and keep your BTC.  Crashing the price of an undesired coin is precisely the mechanism which keeps Bitmain pointing most of its hashpower at BTC rather than BCH, and is what keeps BTC protected against BCH.
Thus, in order to protect BTC, you need to make it economically infeasible to mine non-BTC SHA256d chains (and force miners back to BTC or go bankrupt mining on a chain whose real-world value is low), thus you need to ensure that BCH and 2X (and any other unwanted hardfork) crash in price, and the way to do that is to split your BTC from 2X and BCH and sell the 2X and BCH coins.
BCH made it easy by adding replay protection.  2X is making it harder, although splitting is still possible, it just requires some technical finesse, patience, and time.
@_date: 2018-02-12 07:06:56
gives a good summary [here](
One thing Xalteox missed:
* Backups are actively dangerous.  Onchain, on most common wallet software you can get 12 to 24 words to write down to recover the wallet using almost any other wallet software; that's enough for BTC cold backup.  In LN, the channel state is actively modified each time you send, receive, and route money, and only the latest channel state can be validly used onchain to close the transaction; earlier channel states have been revoked and you will be subject to punishment if you use them.  So if you made a backup of your HDD a day ago and then it crashed today and you restored from backup now, and you had some channel state changes since the backup, your revived LN node can lose all your on-channel money for you.
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:38:14
No, your understanding is incorrect and naive.  In your analogy, a bus that sits 200 is twice as wide on the road as a bus that sits 100.  Or twice as long, whatever.  The space on the road used by the bus is proportional to the seated number of riders.  So the block size is analogous to the road width, and the road width increase, in each and every situation that's been studied, has not improved travel times, because people start switching to on-road rather than off-road (trains = off-chain) transport.
What has improved things is improvements on aggregated transport, i.e. trains, i.e. LN.
You might say "but double-decker buses!" and I could point out to you this little optimization called "Compact Blocks" which Core ***already*** implemented, and which lets 1Mb blocks be workable at all now, which is analogous to double-decker buses.  We can't stack them higher anymore, sorry.  That's why we're building trains, i.e. LN.
@_date: 2017-09-11 01:18:29
chjj revealed a vulnerability in Core &lt; 0.15 yesterday.
nullc said they knew about the vulnerability, which is why they changed UTXO database formats.  Tellingly, Core made a presentation before which only claimed that the new UTXO database format was an optimization to speed up syncing, without mentioning vulnerability.
The steps for responsible reporting of vulnerabilities in open source/free software are these:
1.  Register a CVE (common vulnerabilities and exploits) number.
2.  Privately inform project devs about the CVE number and the details of the vulnerability.
3.  Pester the project devs until they release a bugfix.  NOTE: release, not release candidate!
4.  When the bugfix is on release, reveal the CVE# and the vulnerability so that everyone upgrades.
What was violated was revealing the vulnerability AFTER a release.  0.15.0 is only release candidate, meaning some more testing before it's released.
@_date: 2017-10-10 06:53:40
Satoshi Nakamoto is watching you.
On the publicly-visible, immutable ledger.
@_date: 2017-10-06 01:44:54
Good, you understand that.  Then don't paint anyone as "never hardfork", please?
Please answer the other questions.
@_date: 2019-09-26 09:32:10
Even if it did, it won't last long.
Consider that once upon a time, dollars were backed by gold and pounds were backed by silver.
What happened?  By using the fiat trick, central banks got the gold and silver and the mere proletariat got the paper.
If some currency gets backed by Bitcoin but is not Bitcoin, it will be eroded by the issuers until they are out of sync and idiots who use that currency end up with worthless tokens.
@_date: 2017-10-27 07:09:49


It is not.  This is not a simple one-line change.  This is a change that requires a lot of things going right:
1.  Defining a hardfork date/blockheight.  That means changing from a constant 4000000 blockweight to a variable blockweight that changes from 4000000 before the hardfork date and ???? after the hardfork date.  Also, what date do you use?  The date needs to be coordinated with the below, too:
2.  A vast majority of those running a fullnode upgrade before the hardfork date.  Good luck herding cats.
3.  Important backing technologies, particularly FIBRE (Fast Internet Bitcoin Relay Engine), get an upgrade before the hardfork date to handle the increased load.  At a blockweight of 4000000, you can generally expect block sizes between 1.8Mbytes to 3.7Mbytes (yes, we can have 2 Mbyte blocks now, what the hell), FIBRE is rated for up to 4Mbytes, beyond that, you risk miner centralization due to high orphaning rates.
It's a nice thought.  Maybe you could try your hand at organizing all three of the above at the same time?
@_date: 2017-10-10 08:52:01


High fees -&gt; more fees for miners -&gt; 1X becomes attractive to miners.
Hashpower follows price, not the reverse.
@_date: 2017-09-22 00:54:05
Watches skyroket touching StopAndDecrypt's coins.
Yah work that block.... keep grinding it until payout time...
@_date: 2019-09-02 06:37:12
Also, When Jit-Routing?
@_date: 2017-10-17 03:37:01
HTTP exists.  As long as HTTP exists, HTTPS is broken. \^\^
@_date: 2017-10-08 01:48:34
But all my ELI5 comments!
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:40:58
Yes, I call it 2X.
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:33:17
LOL WTF?  **R reuse vulnerabilities affect all elliptic curves, whether ED25519 or SECP256K1**.  Sure, the reference ED25519 library deterministically computes R from the message and private key, but the same technique is possible to do with SECP256K1.  Besides, R reuse only happens if your PRNG sucks, and if your PRNG sucks your private keys are public anyway.  The only advantage of ED25519 compared to NIST curves is it's non-NIST and it's faster.  Since SECP256K1 is non-NIST, the only advantage ED25519 has (or rather, had) was that it was faster.


Odious Manly Genuflection With Terrible Fury: Only True Lamentation!
@_date: 2017-09-03 23:43:21
No proof of stake involved. Instead each channel is a strong federation composed of two signatories, you and your counterparty, servicing two customers, you and your counterparty. Routing is done by making each node an exchange between two channels.
Every node is a potential middleman in any route, thus no true center arises. Large trunks of strongly connected nodes may arise but any individual node is potentially replaceable by other nodes with better uptime.
Lightning can scale maybe 10x to 100x without a 10x to 100x increase in blocksize. To reach the &gt;1000x to Visa level we can consider a block size increase, or maybe an even better tech on top can achieve the final 10x needed.
@_date: 2017-10-17 09:06:26
You're being daft.  Free market dynamics ***are*** collective decision making.  Specifically, it indicates how much work should be allocated to increase the supply of a good, by increasing price of that good.  It indicates what economic actions should be given a particular limited-supply good, by requiring some price on the economic action to acquire that good.
I mean, wow.  You simply do not understand economics.
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:36:53
Won't get propagated anymore.
@_date: 2017-09-07 03:31:38
He's referring to altcoin launches that will airdrop you altcoin based on your BTC balance.  You can then turn around, sell the altcoin, and buy more BTC or spend the free coin while just HODLING BTC long-term.
Bcash is the most obvious one, but apparently there were other altcoin launches before (which might still be valid now?) where some faucet would give you money based on BTC balance from a signed message from your BTC private key.
@_date: 2017-09-12 03:36:14
Yeah but Blockstream has Pieter Wuille.  That 9% is like, equivalent to over 9000% of other guy's development.
@_date: 2017-10-18 07:51:16
@_date: 2017-10-09 08:42:10
And that's a problem, really.  The *base* block size is not the metric we want to increase.  The metric we really want to increase is *transactions per second*.  That may mean not increasing the block size, if we can find ways to better utilize the block size we already have.
@_date: 2017-10-03 06:03:06
True.  Somebody needs to make a futures market.  Deposit today's BTC, get B1X and B2X tokens.  Withdrawals pre-fork deduct from both B1X and B2X accounts; withdrawals post-fork withdraw only from B1X or B2X (and go to the appropriate chain).  Then set up an order book between B1X and B2X.
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:48:10
What happens if the transaction on overpool is double-spent on the lower-layer blockchain?
@_date: 2017-09-04 01:54:09
Also known as the Aquatic Ape Hypothesis. The only mostly hairless mammals other than humans are aquatic or semiaquatic.
@_date: 2017-10-09 02:15:58
And if you average out the disturbances in difficulty made by BCash, you get a difficulty ratio approaching the price ratio, which leads to a miner ratio approaching the price ratio.  So: good tech will attract more miners, shit tech will attract less.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:46:01
Yes, SegWit addresses are `tb` and LN invoices are `lntb` in the article, meaning testnet. Should be `bc` and `lnbc` for mainnet.
@_date: 2017-10-19 09:03:35




I'm tired of having to dispel constant misinformation about Lightning, sorry, please find another source of correct information.
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:03:53
Right now the tech is valuable as a hedge against fiat inflation risk, as well as large value transfers. For small value transfers in the &lt;$20 range it's a categorically bad tech. However, various improvements, like Lightning, MAST, and Bellare-Neven signatures, are undergoing development to let it achieve more, while keeping its imortant properties. It is the speculation that such improvements, and further ones in the future, will make Bitcoin even more useful, that drives its current price.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:32:19
The only thing it shares with Lightning is payment channels, which predate Lightning.
Lightning is no longer hub-and-spoke.  Earlier proposals for implementing Lightning were hub-and-spoke due to the risk of setting up channels in the presence of transaction malleability, but after Lightning decided to require SegWit and hence a malleability fix, hub-and-spoke requirement was dropped.
Lightning's innovation of a payment network is largely unnecessary as most grinders are just going to point to a single pool, then forget about it.  There is no need to be paid from potentially every pool, so a payment network is unnecessary, just a single payment channel from pool to each miner.
Lightning's other innovation, bidirectional payment channels, isn't necessary either.  Grinders pay the pool with hashes to get bitcoins.  They don't send bitcoins back to the pool for any reason.
Mostly the article is just riding on the popularity of Lightning.  The concept being discussed is only related to Lightning since they both use payment channels, but the concept itself does not require Lightning-style bidirectional payment channels that can be linked into a network.
@_date: 2017-09-11 04:17:51
Bcash argued we needed bigger blocks, and that SegWit sucked, so they forked themselves off.
It turns out that the number of people using SegWit in the last 6 hours (1418) was greater than the number of people using bigger blocks/BCash in the last 6 hours (1185).
Thus, Bcash is shown to be wrong since more people are using SegWit and want to use SegWit than people who want to use bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:25:08
It's a parameter that can be debated, for what it's worth.
Sztorc's Drivechain creates an incrementing/decrementing count in the coinbase.  When a new block arrives, mainchain fullnodes check if that count went up by 1 (upvote), went down by 1 (downvote), or remained the same (abstain).
If at the end of a 1008-block withdraw cycle the number is greater than or equal to the X parameter (proposed 504 but can be changed before it's deployed), then the withdraw is allowed.  If 74% upvote (+746) but 26% downvote (-262), the total will be 484, not enough.
The X parameter can be reduced, but this makes initial deployment tricky.  For example if X=333, then if 33% upvote a withdraw and the rest of the miners abstain (because they haven't upgraded to drivechains yet or something) then those 33% (less than the 51% claimed!!) can steal coins.  Since you don't want to deploy the PoW Change nuke unless &gt;51% of miners do evil (what about the innocent but naive 67%?), there's no good response from the users other than to sell Bitcoin, which basically means Bitcoin fails.  So lowering X in order to increase the percentage required to strangle also decreases the percentage required to steal in a world where miners abstain.
Now we could require that miners always either upvote or downvote, in which case we can even do X=0 and make the number a signed number starting at 0 (so that it takes 51% to steal and 51% to strangle), but now Sztorc can't really claim that miners are not required to run sidechain nodes (in particular to run nodes for EVERY sidechain) and hence are free from centralization risk, because now miners are required to vote and they have to vote correctly.
BMM is no help here because it doesn't tell the miners which way to vote.  I think Sztorc's stuck on "a miner will either participate fully or not at all" rather than "a miner has the option to take BMM or not, and a separate option to vote correctly, vote incorrectly, vote Wang Chun style, or not vote" which is what the proposal actually is.
@_date: 2019-09-12 04:24:23
At 51% you *can* censor indefinitely!  All it requires is to reject other miners that include the censored transactions --- if you receive a new block with transactions you want censored, you just reject it as an invalid block, and ***not build on top of it***.  This splits the network, where the censored side has 51% of global hashpower and the uncensored side has 49% hashpower.  The split with 51% hashpower will, slowly, bulid up more and more blocks, because it has more hashpower than the 49% split, and will win in the long run.
What ***actually*** protects against censorship is this: 
This basically means that, once people notice censorship, censored transactions are RBFed to higher feerates, encouraging more miners to mine without censoring in order to claim the higher fees, unseating the 51% miner (which basically means it loses its position as 51% miner and thus loses the capability to censor indefinitely).
please take note!
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:55:58
I personally believe that at this point, any hardfork, including one spearheaded by Core, will only be an invitation to launch a new altcoin.
Even if Core spearheads a new hardfork, I am almost certain a group of diehards will reject it simply to spite Core. "Core always said large blocks were never necessary! Hypocrites! NOHypocrite16X!!"
Let's instead consider, if we can get further transaction rate increases (the real measure we want to actually have!) using softforks (remember, SegWit includes a block size increase and is a softfork) or higher layers.
@_date: 2017-10-03 13:49:49
The issues involved are very subtle!
Scaling by block size increase does not scale well. For reference , Visa does about 1000x the transactions that can be done before SegWit. You need to increase the block size by 1000x (i.e. 1Gbyte blocks every 10 minutes). For reference, the current Bitcoin blockchain is already 160Gb. 2X will not be enough.
There are many more issues involved. For instance, there is the issue of SPY mining. This habit will be exacerbated by larger blocks. SPY mining will put empty blocks on the blockchain, making the larger block sizes pointless.
Years ago massive centralization of mining pools started when blocks were reaching 300kbytes. Miner centralization weakens censorship resistance, which is one of the more unique properties of Bitcoin. The centralization was stopped with the creation of the Bitcoin Relay Network. Today the BRN was upgraded to the publuc FIBRE network. But increases of block size beyond the 2Mbyte of SegWit are likely to require further upgrades to FIBRE technology.
In short: the block size limit is imposed by technology realities. Raising the limit risks the collapse of the Bitcoin network.
For reference, the Lightning Network can increase transaction rate by 10x to 100x, without a block size increase. It won't get us to Visa level but it is a lot cheaper (more transactional bang for bandwidth buck) than block size increase.
@_date: 2017-10-02 02:15:29
Support for Bitcoin Cash shows support for blocksize increase hardfork.
@_date: 2017-10-27 05:06:38
Ah, you mean the firmware signature.
Depends on how it's done.
Suppose I modify your Ledger simply to have a separate circuit intercept queries for Bitcoin public keys and Bitcoin signatures, but not for queries of the Ledger firmware's signatures.  Then I can store the Bitcoin private key on my separate circuit, and have the device be indistuingishable from a Ledger to an outside circuit, unless Bitcoin-level keys and signatures are involved.  Since the  Bitcoin-level keys and signatures are still generated by the modified device, external circuits cannot differentiate between an unmodified and a modified device.
Heck, there's things like R reuse vulnerabilities that leaks bits of the private key, so you really shouldn't reuse addresses to prevent R reuse attacks.
(It would help to generate the recovery keys separately yourself, that helps against a lot of these interception attacks.)
In any case, at least the Trezor's hardware circuitry and firmware are all open source, so you could build a Trezor using devices you bought yourself directly, at least in theory.  That's a massive plus for Trezor: I don't have to buy a Trezor, I could build one myself.  That also means I could "audit" Trezor by building one myself, buying an actual Trezor, and comparing their behaviors in all conditions.
And it's still a good idea to store Bitcoins across multiple devices and paper wallets too.
@_date: 2017-10-02 23:21:28
Not really, only btc1 will get crippled.  0.14 and older nodes will still not accept 2X blocks and will relay NO2X blocks.  Since there are a larger number of NO2X nodes, it is much more likely that a 0.14 node will be connected to another NO2X node, than for a btc1 node to be connected to a 2X node.
Speculation incoming.
If the "important" btc1 nodes (the miners, obviously, because the largeblock narrative thinks miners are more important) are secretly connected together (e.g. by a private fork of the FIBRE network) then btc1 can get a single stable chain.
Then the real purpose of the btc1 nodes scattered among the NO2X network is to make it very, very difficult to split 2X coins from BTC coins.
Given that BCH has, in practice, failed, it may be an attempt to prevent BTC owners from dumping the 2X coins while retaining BTC.
@_date: 2017-10-04 10:12:06
You mean this? 
. . . . . .
\*sigh\* no comment.
@_date: 2019-09-27 22:27:48


It's worse than that. Note how `scriptPubKey` was never checked (for some versions of software). The funding tx output could be your own P2WPKH instead of a 2-of-2, meaning you could send out the entire amount over LN, then spend the backing funds entirely under your control, doubling your money.
@_date: 2017-09-19 23:55:47
BobAlison is a known troll.  Still, answering them helps prevent newbies from getting the completely wrong impression.
@_date: 2017-10-06 02:25:59
Okay, now let's discuss, then: weight is a different measure from bytes, and is intended to be closer to the stress placed on the network.   Current SegWit is 4 Mweight.  In terms of legacy transactions, 1 byte of legacy transactions is 4 weight.  For SegWit transactions, it varies: 1 byte is 1 to 4 weight, generally around 2 weight on average per byte (for spends of P2WPKH; for spends of m-of-n multisig SegWit you can expect nearer to 1.5 weight per byte on average).  Thus for a mostly-SegWit block, you can get around 2mb per block.
Is that acceptable?  Can we try to shift more transactions to SegWit now, since you specified a target of 2mb anyway?  We can double the number of transactions per second simply by switching more transactions to SegWit.
(remember, the goal is transactions per second, not number of legacy transactions per block)
There are also a few more improvements on the pipeline --- MAST, Schnorr w/ signature aggregation --- which are deployable as softforks.  Each has about +5%-&gt;+15% more transactions per block, according to the best estimates we can get.  MAST has a chance of being deployed this year (but not activated, that will depend on how quickly miners and users switch to updated Core software).  Schnorr and signature aggregation requires some more thought, because Schnorr was an asshole and stopped everyone from working on Schnorr signatures for the past 20+ years, but barring an unexpected massive security hole may get deployed next year.
In the meantime there's work on-going for sidechains/drivechains.  Maybe we can softfork in an effective transaction-per-second increase by a sidechain.
Also, work on LN is apace.  That's a potential 10x-&gt;100x boost in transactions per second.  Why aren't more people trying to make LN a reality and carefully figuring out ways to keep LN decentralized, instead of just dissing on it?
We should be **reluctant** to HARD fork, because every hard fork is an opportunity for somebody, somewhere, to make a brand new altcoin with "Bitcoin" somewhere in its name.  Even ones where a majority of the community stands behind the hard fork: minorities do not just disappear and go away.  Every HARD fork is contentious by default, and will require a lot of finesse and technical expertise to not be contentious.
The target we need to get is about 10000x increase in transaction rate (1000x is only Visa-level, and Visa does not process today's everyday cash transactions).  Lightning is a major boost to that level (10x -&gt; 100x).  We may yet discover other ways of scaling that won't require risking the spawning of yet another altcoin.  In fact, we can do block size increases by softforks now (xref SegWit); but even softforks have risks, and the reason why SegWit was so beneficial was because it bundled 3 important things: (1) bugfix of transaction malleability (2) incentive to reduce the UTXO set by witness discount (3) block size increase.
Edit: a useful analogy here is that focusing on block size increase is like focusing on airplane weight increase.  Yes, in general doubling the airplane's weight means you increase the number of people who can ride it.  This is rarely the best engineering decision.  Too much weight and the airplane won't fly at all, or may become dangerously unstable.  We can try to figure out ways to arrange the seats to pack more people in while keeping the same weight, and to figure out how to make use of new lighter but stronger materials so we can make a bigger plane that fits more people with the same weight.
@_date: 2017-10-19 08:48:21
For the most part, I expect that the Lightning software *should* abstract it away: you only need to be able to handle the case where Lightning payment fails.
Yes, channels can fail.  You can find some route, send a payment on its way, then one of the channel owners decides to close a channel before your payment reaches the destination.
My understanding is that there are multiple results:
1.  Definite success --- the payment reached the destination.
2.  Indefinite --- the payment may or may not have reached the destination, we'll know for sure in N hours (Lightning software should provide the time bound): we might learn about a success earlier, but after N hours we know it's failed.  This result is very unlikely, though.
3.  Definite failure --- the payment definitely failed to reach the destination.
How deeply do you want to learn about Lightning?  The routing problem is rather deep stuff.  For now, routing is done by just keeping track of a map of the entire network, which is doable since we don't expect the entire network to be millions of nodes immediately (tens of thousands maybe, which is still storable).  Much of the routing problem is not about routing algorithms (routing is a solved problem, just look at any real-time strategy game) but about storing the entire map of the Lightning Network.  There's work on-going (use of "beacons") to reduce map storage and allow millions to billions of Lightning Network nodes to be accessible from a partial map; are you interested in these details?
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:38:34
I said, you are not BcashBtrash, who has Brie Larson and Ruby Rose sucking his cock, and who I often bash on in Daily Discussion just for shits and giggles.
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:47:13
I'm not certain it's applicable to Bitcoin at all, actually.  Better cryptographers than me might need to look into this more.
Overall there seem to be roughly two paths in researching zk-proofs:
1.  Find general zk-proofs that can prove anything, and try to make them efficient *and* non-trusted-setup.  Stuff like zk-SNARK, zk-STARK, Bulletproof, and this are along this path.
2.  Find specific applications, realize that zk-proofs are possible (theoretically) for *anything* anyway, then make a zk-proof that efficiently and non-trusted-setuply handles that specific application (and might not work at all for other applications).  Stuff like utreexos are along this path.
It seems to me that a lot of the stuff that is being done for Bitcoin specifically is along the second path.
@_date: 2017-10-03 06:45:17
The core devs pointed out later on bitcoin-wizards that there is really nothing preventing a hardfork from copying everything Core does pre-fork, including accepting as valid any "replay protection" Core adds.
I guess we could take the btc1 behavior of spoofing Core nodes to get around the 0.15.0 ban on btc1 to be evidence that any replay protection Core adds to bitcoin/bitcoin has a chance of being imitated in btc1 and removing the replay protection in practice.
@_date: 2019-09-09 09:26:23
Every non-cooperative close (i.e. unilateral close, i.e. sending a version of the channel) has output addresses that are not owned fully by both sides.
Instead, the output addresses are encumbered with revocable conditions.
Basically, the output of Alice on every channel state can be spent by EITHER of the following:
1.  By Alice, after a relative lock time of N blocks.  This is the normal path.
2.  By Bob, if Bob knows the revocation key.  This is the revocation path.
Normally, only Alice knows the revocation key.  However, when a new state is created, the revocation key for the previous state is sent (it's exchanged between Alice and Bob, since Bob's output also has a separate revocation key).  Each state has its own separate revocation key.
When money is sent over a channel, Bob will not consider the transfer to be completed until it is "irrevocably committed".  This means that the revocation key of the previous state has been given by Alice to Bob.  Until then, Bob will not consider the money to have been received.
Thus, when Alice publishes the old state, then the revocation key for this is known by Bob.  Because Alice's "normal path" is deferred by N blocks, Bob can claim it immediately (even while it is on the mempool, for that matter).  Thus, Alice would try to steal back the 1BTC she paid, but risks loses the 4BTC she still has in the channel.
@_date: 2017-10-10 22:57:46
Not to mention btc1 can go copy the Core code and make those txs valid on their side too, so mostly pointless. Given that btc1 tries to mask itself on the network now, that's not out of the question.
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:34:40
\*shrug\*.  I suppose that is a minor advantage.  It's just that I'm reasonably sure there will be a few hundred thousand people splitting their coins, each of them will take ~34 bytes to create these little dust payouts to the blacklisted address, then ~43 bytes to clean up the little dust bits from the UTXO set (and that's only if btc1 follows through and publishes the private keys).  For "NO2X" OP_RETURN that'll be about just ~20 something bytes to create, with no need to clean up afterwards.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:37:47
Strategy-4 reduces strategy-2 miner profitability if strategy-2 miners run sidechain nodes.  That's an advantage: strategy-2 miners bought extra equipment and extra bandwidth, strategy-4 miners don't.  Lower costs = increased revenue.  Imposing cost on competitor = increasing revenue relative to competitor.  In a competition, it doesn't matter if you took 30 days or 10 seconds to finish the race, *all that matters is that the second-fastest guy took longer than you*.
BMM lets strategy-2 miners not run sidechain nodes but does not let strategy-2 miners know which way to vote.  For a miner to know for certain, it needs to run a sidechain node.  So I don't see the point of BMM except for altcoins that want to be merge-mined on Bitcoin.


If a small coalition blocks withdrawals, any sidecoins owned (whether earned by fees or imports) will become less valuable as they cannot be withdrawn.  The sidecoins go lower in price, as fewer people demand it due to fear of not being able to reclaim their sidecoin as maincoin.  Honest strategy-2 miner's earnings dwindle until the cost of operating the sidechain node exceeds the earning on the sidecoin.  They then either do strategy-1 (don't participate in voting), or adopt strategy-4 (downvote all withdraws) themselves.
The problem with drivechains and blind merged mining is the disconnect between voting and "blind" merge mining.  With BMM, a miner can do:
1.  Not accept BMM, not vote.
2.  Not accept BMM, operate their own sidechain node, mine sidecoin, and vote correctly.
3.  Not accept BMM, always upvote (i.e. allow theft).
4.  Not accept BMM, always downvote (i.e. strangle).
5.  Accept BMM, not vote.
6.  Accept BMM, operate their own sidechain node, and vote correctly. (not mine sidecoin directly: they get paid in maincoin by sidecoin-only miners).
7.  Accept BMM, always upvote (i.e. allow theft).
8.  Accept BMM, always downvote (i.e. strangle).
3 and 7 will mean that non-verifying miners will be (inadvertently) complicit in theft.  Drivechains have 1008-block cycles ostensibly to protect against theft, so that someone can "raise the alarm" and tell miners to downvote a particular theft withdrawal, but that sounds too much like centralized collusion to me.
Strategy 8 will dominate over strategy 6, since the miner does not have to run a sidechain node (reduced cost) while still earning the same as strategy 6.
Strategies 5-&gt;8 are all strictly superior to 1-&gt;4, so BMM does not really change anything: strategy 8 (equivalent to strategy 4 if BMM is not implemented) will still choke strategy 6 (equivalent to strategy 2 if BMM is not implemented)
It seems Drivechain's security model is: miners always upvote by default.  If a theft withdrawal is done on the mainchain, some sidechain nodes call up their miner friends (which makes me worry about miner centralization) to downvote it instead.
The problem is: what if after a theft withdrawal is defeated, another theft withdrawal is done?  And another, and another?  This weakens the peg: while a theft withdrawal is on-going, a genuine withdrawal can't be posted (at least as I understand Sztorc's explanation).  This chokes the sidechain withdrawal.
The difference from maincoin is that attempts to choke the block are somewhat costly and a maincoin user can offer a higher transaction fee to beat the spam.  If side-&gt;main is choked, no amount of sidecoin can be offered to beat the spammed theft transactions.
I don't know, it seems like very weak security to me.
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:25:55
There's an `eval`, which is a remote code execution vector, and IMO unsafe if `a.data.loader.value` is from an external URL, as GP TheRussianViking seems to imply.  Better uninstall it regardless, although I presume you've already done so.
@_date: 2019-09-05 09:32:22


This is true only if an economically-significant amount of users actually want to use the chain.
@_date: 2018-02-12 09:26:05
So I can buy BTC at below $4000
@_date: 2017-09-11 04:23:06
Yes, THAT time lock still exists, but does not require you to destroy the channel; it just means money routed through you is reverted if that time lock passes.  Basically, that time lock is for payments, not payment channels.
There was a different time lock necessary  for safely opening in the presence of tx malleability, which limits the lifetime of the channel itself, but it's a useability nightmare and now that tx malleability is fixed, unnecessary.
@_date: 2017-10-09 10:50:35
Walang anuman! (You're welcome!)
@_date: 2017-10-12 00:58:19
Then don't put *all* of them. Maybe a quarter? 10%?
Bitfinex at least makes it easy to do a coin split, without risking that you make a mistake because the replay protection is changed again.
@_date: 2017-10-04 08:09:04
Me too!
@_date: 2017-10-11 09:04:49


They're free to run whatever software they want to run.
Now if that software tries to take over the name of some other software, that ***is*** an attack.  Like Microsoft making their own OfficeOpen format and forcing it through standardization, trying to confuse users away from the existing OpenOffice format.  ***That's*** an attack.
And if miners run such confusingly-named software?  Then they are abetting an attack.


Rough consensus and working code.
Rough consensus means, the idea has been peer-reviewed and all objections to the idea have been answered and replied to.
Working code means, well, not putting in shit that you later have to pull out.


I pay miners to do what I want.  I trust them only to the extent that I pay for them.  If I'm not paying for their actions, I don't trust them.  They don't get paid to update the consensus layer, so I don't trust them there.
Most of the competent developers own dozens of thousands in Bitcoin, and any 1% improvement in the price due to their improvement of the protocol probably pays for a few month or so of their work.
That's why Bitcoin works, after all.


Yes, but only to the proportion that they actually own, not the proportion they hold in trust for others.


Rough consensus and working code.
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:45:55
Some places will give cash discounts, which basically reflect that fee.  I think it's better to always ask if there's a cash discount.
@_date: 2019-09-20 02:38:18
eeee... what's up doc?
@_date: 2019-09-11 11:19:20
hold, as in don't sell, hold on to it.  The misspelling is a meme from this: 
@_date: 2019-09-23 04:18:10
If you have a laptop or desktop, use Electrum instead.
Find a Linux live boot distro you like.  I prefer Debian myself.  Some people like Tails.  Install in a boot device, then download the Electrum for Linux from  .  DO NOT CLICK THAT LINK.  INSTEAD TYPE IT IN EXACTLY YOURSELF AND DO NOT LET BROWSER AUTOCOMPLETE DISTRACT YOU.  ELECTRUM HAS BEEN SUBJECTED TO SPOOFING ATTACKS.  MAKE SURE TO USE https.  Copy the Electrum appimage to the Linux live boot device.
Prepare at least two pieces of paper and two small plastic ziploc bags where the paper can be stored folded.  Prepare at least two fire-proof safe locations to store your keys in.  Prepare a third piece of temporary scratch paper.
Disconnect the laptop or desktop from the Internet; if you use WiFi physically disconnect the router power supply from mains power supply.  Reboot on the Linux live boot device.
Close all windows and doors to prevent anyone peeking into your computer.  Scan for any bugs or monitoring devices in your room.
Run Electrum on the Linux device.  Create a new wallet.  Copy the 12 words on the paper (copy all 12 words on each paper) on creation of a new wallet.  Fold the papers multiple times, then store in the ziploc, suck out all the air of the ziploc bag, then seal and fold it too.  Store the words in your fireproof safe locations.  Hide them at this point.
Then in the Electrum, open the Receive tab and copy the address it shows in your scratch paper.  Then copy the `xpub`: on the menu select Wallet &gt; Master Public Keys, then copy the xpub.  Write it three times in case you make a mistake.
Close the Electrum application and delete the wallet file (if you were using Tails it would be automatically deleted on power off but still better paranoid than sorry).  Shut down the computer, make sure your 12-words papers are definitely hidden in your safes, then open up the room windows and doors and reconnect yourself to the Internet.
Boot your computer as normal, install Electrum on it.  Create a watch-only wallet and input the `xpub` you got.  On the wallet interface you can receive.  Double-check that the address you get in the watch-only wallet is the same as what you got before (you wrote it on the scratch paper, remember?).  The wallet is watch-only meaning even if it gets hacked, the hacker can only watch you get richer (which might still make you a target for physical attacks), meaning the hacker still cannot steal from you.  Never let the 12 words touch a Windows device or be uploaded into the cloud.
Spending requires a more complicated ritual, see  .  You will need to recreate the wallet on an offline device in order to spend, then probably clean the offline device later.
Note that hardware wallets just automate the operation of the offline device.  In principle your hardware wallet's software is just a watch-only wallet a la Electrum, sending unsigned transactions to your offline device (hardware wallet).
@_date: 2019-09-19 04:58:40
But the point is that, once your coins have been confirmed deeply enough, all miners could stop for all you care about, for years, and then just when you need to actually spend your saved coins, start up again.  *Continuous* mining of the coin is not something you care about while saving, only mining *when you need to spend it*.
That's part of why HODLers have an economic advantage over miners, and why UASF worked: HODLers could have 0 hashrate for all they cared, and if *all* miners *only* mined a non-HODLer-wanted coin, HODLers have the ability to flood the supply side of the market of the undesired coin, killing miners economically.
HODLers don't *need* miners, miners *need* HODLers to not spend their hedl coins and drop the coin price.  That basic economic power is a reflection of the fact that savers (HODLers) do *not* need miners, at least until they intend to spend the money.
@_date: 2017-10-13 08:17:49
B-b-b-but BitFinex counterparty risk and 2X being merged into Core risk! /s
@_date: 2017-10-18 02:45:14
As long as HTTP exists as a "fallback" that can be used to display a website that *looks* like the target website, HTTPS is broken.  Non-tech users will notice the stuff they understand (the "whatever" dot com bit) and ignore the "s" in http:// or   Hence, anything that leads you to a http URL "breaks" https.  HTTPS will cease being broken if and only if every browser in the world accepts only HTTPS.
Sorry, being a bit of joker here.
@_date: 2019-09-22 23:40:28
Which is the point.  Any voluntary trade implies a difference in values which is resolved through the nonviolent exchange of assets.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:29:03
I have a bunch of issues with IOTA:
1.  Many Internet-of-things are really Internet-ownzored-things, i.e. have massive security vulnerabilities hiding in their (usually closed-source) code.  I wouldn't trust IoT devices with my life, and since my money is earned by spending a good part of my life in the office, I wouldn't trust IoT devices with my money.
2.  DAG does not define consensus well.  In particular, a sudden influx of hashpower can rewrite DAG history and essentially bring you back to a single-chain system rather than a true DAG.  My understanding is that a mere 33% hashpower share is needed to rewrite a good part of the history (compare to a blockchain's 50% hashpower share to rewrite recent history).
3.  IOTA protects against sudden hashpower attacks using checkpoints, but the checkpoint signer (the coordinator) is now a single-point-of-failure.  No point to having a distributed consensus if you will depend on checkpoints from a single-point-of-failure (consider the situation where somebody kidnaps a developer's family for ransom in exchange for the coordinator's private keys).
4.  IoT devices need to be cheap.  That means low-power microcontrollers.  That means an FPGA might very well be more than enough to take over the network (the larger FPGAs can fit a small microcontroller already, and removing the generality of a processor and replacing it with a task-specific Verilog/VHDL design, while not trivial, would let FPGAs push much more work than a good number of IoT devices).
So: be aware that you are risking your hodlings until IOTA is safe enough for the coordinator to be removed.
Personally, I doubt the coordinator will be removed any time soon.
@_date: 2017-10-20 04:08:28
Sorry.  Was just venting, mostly.  Feel free to ignore it.
@_date: 2017-10-23 08:15:33
I guess I oversimplified.  Still bad for privacy IMO.  Also, you have to spend all the payments if you spend any of them to protect against quantum computing; still better to have a separate address for each receive.
@_date: 2019-09-27 22:37:25
Dammit where is when you most need him?
Is this... the wrath of a Roman god?
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:50:45
Short history lesson: 
@_date: 2019-09-25 11:28:48
Irrelevant.  Technology is not magic.  Current quantum computers work in lab conditions at very low temperatures and with tons of shielding around it.  Those are costly to power, and must be considered when considering hash/watt.
Sometimes things don't pan out.  Nobody has managed to transmit information faster than light speed, no matter how nice it would be and how many times people have fantasized about doing it, despite us realizing the light speed barrier a century ago.  Mere possibility does not an argument make: you need to show that your evidence moves the possibilities *enough* to matter.
@_date: 2017-09-04 08:59:33
Sorry, you're not making sense.
You can only open a channel to one person.  You can open multiple channels, one to each person.
Can you draw the topology?
Do you mean this?
      0.5
    U -&gt; B
    |
    +--&gt; A
      0.5
Or do you mean this?
     1.0   1.0
    U -&gt; B -&gt; A
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:22:03
My understanding is that 2X will chainsplit at a planned blockheight, and will stall until it gets a larger-than-4Mweight block at that blockheight.
@_date: 2017-10-17 08:19:49
[Bitcoin ain't Tulips.  In fact, Tulips ain't Tulips](
@_date: 2017-10-29 04:05:13
@_date: 2017-09-03 01:52:27
The intent is to hardfork if we need bigger blocks, with a preparation time of at least 18 months from software release to hardfork-date (I think: you'll have to ask consensus from Core devs on bitcoin-dev).
It may be possible to softfork in larger blocks but the complexity may outweigh the larger block's benefit (consider that SegWit's complexity is justified not only by larger blocks, but also malleability fix, easier softforkable SCRIPT changes, incentivized UTXO deletion).
Between the two:
1.  Hardfork - straightforward compared to softfork, but can be blocked easily by economic majority even if miners want it and does not fail safe (creates altcoin on failure).
2.  Softfork - miners can pull it in despite economic majority and fails safe, but greater code complexity to implement.
For "only" a block size increase, probably Core will do harfork, with a long time period before activation in order to give time to convince the economic majority (HODLERS)
@_date: 2017-09-22 04:48:39
Miner decentralization is key to censorship resistance.  If there was only one miner in the world, that miner could just stop putting transactions it didn't like on the blockchain.  If you were buying drugs/pirated goods/porn/food/non-propaganda textbooks/medical care or whatever the miner didn't like, that miner could keep your transaction from ever confirming, ever.  But if there were two, you have a chance: maybe the things they don't like don't match exactly, maybe one doesn't like porn and the other doesn't like non-propaganda textbooks, so you send your non-propaganda textbook transaction to the porn-hating miner and your porn transaction to the non-propaganda textbook-hating miner.  If there are hundreds of miners, then the chances that all of them hating the same thing get lower.  If there are millions - you get the idea.  More miners, more censorship resistance.
But what is a miner?  Is some guy running an AntMiner S9 on Antpool a miner?  No!  He's a grinder: he's selling hashpower to Antpool in exchange for a steady trickle of Bitcoins, while Antpool is the one who actually gets to decide what transactions get, or don't get, on the blockchain.  So the real miners are the pools (P2Pool works somewhat differently, as its hired grinders decide the blocks, so P2Pool is much more decentralized).
Let's step back some years ago.  Satoshi disappeared a little after imposing the hard 1Mb limit, without a good explanation for why there was a limit in the first place.  Now you know about the 1Mb limit, but you might not be aware of the "soft" 300kb limit.  Miners of the time limited themselves to 300kb blocks, even though fullnodes only applied the 1Mb limit and would have accepted 301kb blocks or more.  Now, as blocks started regularly hitting the soft limit, smaller pools were suffering!  They'd luck out and mine a block, but if the block was big, there was a chance that it hadn't finished propagation yet before a much larger pool would get two blocks in quick succession and totally invalidate their lucky shot.  So smaller pools were starting to plan on merging together.  This was with **300kb** soft-limited blocks!  At 1Mb blocks, at that time, miner centralization would have risen faster!
Enter Matt Corallo with his Bitcoin Relay Network.  The Bitcoin Relay Network just transmitted blocks, very quickly, to all its subscribers.  So two small pools could subscribe to the Bitcoin Relay Network and quickly propagate their blocks to each other without merging into a single pool and giving up their sovereign right to choose transactions.  Crucially, Bitcoin Relay Network did not look at the transactions in the block --- which would have allowed it to censor blocks that contained transactions that Matt didn't want.  If Bitcoin Relay Network did that, it wouldn't be as fast as it was.  Bitcoin Relay Network slowed down mining centralization, and now we could remove the 300kb soft limit and reach the 1Mb hard limit.
Matt was soon using the experience with Bitcoin Relay Network to design the next generation: FIBRE, together with Compact Blocks (which just transmits txids instead of full transactions, on the assumption that the receiver's mempool is likely to have received the full transaction before it was mined).  With FIBRE, we could probably safely reach even 2Mb blocks.
The problem was the hard 1Mb limit that nodes were checking.  So Hearn and Andresen started proposing a hardfork to larger blocks.
Then Luke Dash Jr figured out how to make Pieter Wuille's SegWit --- which fixed transaction malleability but was a hardfork --- into a softfork.  He also threw in a blocksize increase --- as a softfork.  So much of the Core group got behind SegWit-as-a-softfork, because let's face it, softforks are safer than hardforks, and you get the blocksize increase up to 2Mb (FIBRE can handle up to 2Mb regularly, with occassional spikes to 4Mb acceptable --- in case you didn't notice, that's exactly what SegWit-as-a-softfork gets you).
So today, FIBRE (the upgraded Bitcoin Relay Network) is what lets Bitcoin have 1Mb blocks.  Without it, miner centralization would occur: smaller mining pools would die or be forced to merge.
Oh and have I mentioned that an industry group (including Bitmain and Coinbase, I believe) promised to keep FIBRE running by paying for it?  Except that Matt had to keep reminding them each quarter, and eventually got fed up and decided to just pay for it himself (presumably he's a whale, so maybe the cost is just pocket change for him).  How convenient for those companies with large mining pools to forget about a vital piece of infrastructure that keeps smaller pools and solo miners viable, right?
@_date: 2018-11-28 07:19:44
You still haven't solved the "sheer amount of data" problem; you're assuming a blockchain is feasible if every --- or even a large fraction --- of transactions are on it.
Like I pointed out, the sheer amount of data can block out ordinary citizens who have no capability of running a supercomputer from participating in monitoring the blockchain.
This is already visible in e.g. Ethereum, where most new projects don't even bother to run a fullnode.
In Bitcoin the same issue is already something of a problem; most people don't run a fullnode due to the resource usage.
It's mitigated somewhat by the blocksize, but we may need to squeeze the blocksize at some point (especially if LN succeeds and gets us 10x-100x TPS; then a 1/2x blocksize reduction could be palatable).
"Different blockchains" doesn't work --- economic actors can just move to a blockchain that they "shouldn't" be using (i.e. politicians transacting on the MimbleWimble "plebeians-only" chain) --- and you still have to monitor all the blockchains.
Overall using just a single blockchain is more efficient.
@_date: 2017-10-11 03:32:10


That's not the point.  The point is, you don't put shit in then put the shit out.  You make sure not to put any shit into the codebase in the first place.
@_date: 2017-10-11 09:13:59
Oh sorry.  I edited it out now.
I support btc1 because it's clearly named very differently from bitcoin (3 letters and a digit, compared to 7 letters, totally different), and it will work, because Jeff Garzik is a God-fearing man just like Luke Dash Jr., and God will ***make*** btc1 work.  By sending in angels to shoot down Core devs, if necessary.  With machine guns.  And lasers.  This will not be centralization, because God is everywhere.  Hence, faith-based consensus is automatically decentralized.
@_date: 2017-09-12 23:20:35


my sweet summer child...
When Nakamoto first presented his idea to the cypherpunks mailinglist, the first answer was below:
And I quote:


That is the reality we face.  The network will inevitably choke on high transaction rate situations.  So transaction rate is limited by imposing, well, rate limits.  Years ago, Bitcoin had quick confirmations (well, usually within 10 minutes, which is pretty quick compared to when spam attacks today hit) and you could sneak in transactions with 0 fees.  That's because Bitcoin was hardly in use then.
Today, other altcoins may seem to have low tx fees and quick confirms - but that's because they are hardly in use now (somebody pointed out to me that Monero had no block size limit - I pointed out that Monero's largest block, ever, was 350k, which makes Monero this really cute kid who wants to help but can't be allowed to work on *real* grown-up tasks)!  If they "zoom right by" Bitcoin, they'll be facing problems that Bitcoin already faced; do you think their devs are going to be more experienced than Bitcoin's devs, who are facing these problems right now?
Indeed, the idea that blockchains can only be practically used for settlement arises from thinking about the scaling problem first presented in the first response to Nakamoto's post.  Blockchain, by itself, cannot scale, unless it ceases to be decentralized (in which case censorship of transactions and centrally-planned rollbacks become possible). However, if used as a backing layer for another network that has better scaling characteristics (one which does not require sending each transaction to everyone else, including those who wouldn't be involved in the transaction if not for the need to protect against double-spends), then we can scale better.
Indeed, that is what the Lightning Network aims to do.  Double-spend protection is provided by the base layer (blockchain), while lower fees and faster confirmations are provided by the upper layer (Lightning).  And guess which coin the first implementations of Lightning Network will deploy on?
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:31:25


There is no legitimate altcoin.  There is only One True Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-11 08:47:34
Not jratcliff63367, but for me, no.
Satoshi leaving was necessary for Bitcoin to move on without him.
Satoshi is dead.  May he remain dead forever.
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:43:50
@_date: 2017-10-06 06:20:56
Yes, precisely, FICO is trusted credit.  What's your point?  Trusted credit sucks?  That's well known already.
GP is asking if it's possible to make trustless credit.
@_date: 2017-10-06 02:51:45
Cross-chain atomic swaps FTW!!
@_date: 2019-09-02 05:50:51
The link contains the CVEs:






@_date: 2017-09-13 05:44:43
caught in a landslide no escape from reality
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:11:24
Please do not use Windows. Some people have lost money from malware that scans Windows PCs for wallets of different types. Prefer installing a more secure OS, like Linux.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:31:56
All non-Bitcoin cryptocurrencies are shitcoins.
Bitcoin is not about the tech as an end for itself.
It is about using tech to win a fight against centralized state institutions.
No cryptocurrency other than Bitcoin has the focus "fight centralized state institutions first and foremost, tech is only good to support that fight".
Nearly every other cryptocurrency is all about "tech! tech! tech!!!!eleven1111!".
That's why:
* Small blocks.  We need to make it easy for most people to run a fullnode.  This distributes risk: consider how hard it is to shut down torrents, because a lot of people run torrents.
* Lightning.  Non-custodial fullnode-using higher layers to scale transaction rates.  It's noncustodial because every Lightning Network channel is a 2-of-2 where ***you***, the user, is a signatory, and no update can occur to that channel unless ***you*** approve of it.  This makes it noncustodial: **you** control your coin.
  * Non-custodiality is important because it means **you** control your own money.
@_date: 2019-09-26 09:20:38
"Shouldn't be there" how?  As in it exceeds the block weight limits?  Spends UTXOs that have been spent already?  In such cases, consensus will reject the block and mark it as invalid, and no amount of hashing on top of it will convince a fullnode to accept it as valid.  That's why we focus on fullnodes, not SPV.
@_date: 2019-09-10 09:11:16
buy bitcoin
@_date: 2019-09-26 03:47:52
What do you mean exactly?
Channels are anchored onchain, so if you fund a channel, it's traceable that this address was spent to create this channel.
Of course, once inside a channel, you can send out the money to another place, ***if*** your counterparty in the channel accepts that money (which it probably would, if it allowed you to fund a channel to it using tainted addresses).
Once inside the channel, you can pay anyone, including, say, an offchain-to-onchain swap such as submarine swaps or lightning loop services, for fresh new clean coins.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:15:22
Electricity is expensive here, not worth mining.
Unless you happen to have a farm of solar panels somewhere maybe?
@_date: 2017-10-05 02:42:35
Well, you could consider it a third party.  Fortunately, this third party will cleave very closely to the software operation in the public bitcoin/bitcoin repository, because if any of the nodes diverge, there will be no consensus.  In effect, the operation of the software is known and fixed and will not be changed arbitrarily.
@_date: 2017-09-04 02:52:56
No, it's a fiat crash!
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:11:26
Then pad your mined block with transactions of the average fee rate.  You're the miner, you're still paying the coins to yourself.
@_date: 2019-09-26 09:54:05
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:50:36
Well you want decentralized?  Then a faith-based coin is just for you!  Remember: God is everywhere!  Can't get more decentralized than that!
@_date: 2019-09-12 04:16:23
Coins have no identity at the blockchain level.  Instead, value is stored in transaction outputs.  If the transaction output is currently not spent (it's an unspent transaction output or UTXO) then it's colloquially a "coin".  Once it is spent, however, it is destroyed and new coins are created from the value extracted from the spent coin.
What you probably want to ask is: how does this affect my privacy?
Now, you know that coins are created and destroyed by each transaction.  However, it is possible to trace each transaction to find out which coins it spent (destroyed) and created.  From there, it is possible to trace the provenance of an existing current coin.
So it doesn't really make sense to ask if you "get back the same coin".  There is no coin whose ownership is transferred to somebody and then given back to you.
Instead, you should ask how the exchange structures its transactions.  Exchanges that want to work within Bitcoin will "batch" multiple incoming coins, then spend them together to create multiple withdrawals.  It doesn't make sense to ask which coin goes to which output, because that's not how Bitcoin works.
Other exchanges don't batch because they are lazy and shitty.
So it depends on how exchanges batch.
Note that if your concern is about privacy, then you should realize that blockchain analysis usually tries to identify exchanges, and some exchanges have such atrocious practices that blockchain analysts already know every action those exchanges take.
So it depends on the exchange you use, how easy or hard it is for you to be tracked.
@_date: 2019-09-12 04:26:34


Updates to Bitcoin Core are slow for precisely this concern.  This makes it hard for bugs to get into the codebase, but also means that new features take years to get into the codebase.
@_date: 2019-09-05 05:05:04
KYC laws prevent this from being a smooth deal.  Institutions providing such a service would be required to get (and keep!) identifying information about their credit card users.  Sorry, KYC AML laws are atrocious in most countries, blame USA.
@_date: 2017-10-18 07:47:08
Your wallet sucks.  No, seriously.  I just bought something costing $135 this morning with BTC and fees cost me just $0.54 -&gt; about 0.4%.  And it confirmed in less than ten minutes (I was going to bump it higher but the receiver indicated a confirmation already); looking through its block, I was overpaying the fee!  If I'd used my local credit card the credit card currency conversion fees would have killed my purchase.  Heck, bid-ask spreads to rebuy my BTC was larger than the on-chain fee.
@_date: 2017-09-06 09:10:06


How are you certain that you're connected to the entire node system and not a node in a vat specially designed to steal from you?
I'm not getting a choice to not trust the other nodes, I'm forced to do SPV.  Now, maybe I'm just this poor fucker in the Philippines who won't earn in a full-time job more than 20% of what you would earn in your spare time, so you can judge that my money is so small that I might as well just do SPV.  The problem is that that is *my* frikkin money and I spent *my* frikkin hours in the office earning that money instead of being with my wife and kids.
So no, to me, my money is big enough that I want to run a fullnode to protect it.  But I can't, because fuck the Philippines Internet backbone, and fuck the idiots who spammed the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:22:26
I generally submit technical stuff about Bitcoin: 
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:55:42
Should have went all in back when I bought at $1200.... hahahaha
@_date: 2019-09-13 09:45:01
*rolls eyes* we could register addresses on the blockchain *rolls eyes*.  Still a bad solution.  What would you register it to?
@_date: 2017-09-21 05:59:55
I mention it.  Most big blockers never even know about it or mention it, they think blocks are just magically sent to the whole globe.  Yes, FIBRE is important, and it's one reason why we can't increase the fucking block size beyond the 2Mb SegWit gives us in a softfork.
Used to be, a group of corporations paid for FIBRE upkeep.  But they tended to forget to pay up (HOW CONVENIENT FOR THEM), so Matt had to keep pestering them about it.  He got tired of doing that and just pays for it himself.  Yes, it's a problem, because the thought was that the industry group would take over maintenance of FIBRE and set up a bunch of FIBRE-based public networks rather than this one guy running the only public FIBRE network.  Oh BTW Bitmain was one of the companies that promised to support FIBRE, how convenient for them to forget it, especially because if FIBRE collapses, smaller mining pools will get orphaned faster.
The occassional 1Mb block in the middle of less than 300kb blocks is fine for the base Bitcoin Relay Network.  It's when continuous sending of 1Mb blocks exists that Bitcoin Relay Network was needed.  FIBRE is basically an upgrade of Bitcoin Relay Network; Bitcoin Relay Network was what handled those "almost 1Mb" blocks in the middle of sub-300k blocks you so worry about when FIBRE wasn't deployed yet.  Bitcoin Relay Network was around way back already, when *mere* 300kb blocks were starting to force smaller pools to coalesce because of the orphaning rate they suffered; Bitcoin Relay Network slowed down miner centralization from *mere* 300kb blocks.  FIBRE slows down miner centralization further, but if block size increases, even FIBRE won't be able to stop it.
FIBRE can go 2Mb, with occassional spikes of 4Mb tolerable, but it's not rated for above that, especially since there's just a single public FIBRE network.
We need more work on FIBRE or an improved FIBRE network.  Otherwise a blocksize increase will kill Bitcoin.  That's the real vector for the 2X attack.
@_date: 2019-09-30 22:56:56
In theory, neither.  You will run afoul of `isStandard`, but changing that is not any kind of consensus fork (it just makes it impossible to broadcast a transaction over the mempools, but mempools are not consensus).
What you can do today, with almost the same effect, is to simply encode `&lt;pubkey&gt; OP_CHECKSIG` in a P2SH or P2WSH, and you get SHA256 . SHA256 automatically in the SH part.
Anything can be done over script-hash, and you get similar security regardless.
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:43:59
Yes.  There is no network-level restriction.  The only restriction is with the lousy software on lousy exchanges.  Electrum is better than most such software.
@_date: 2019-09-10 05:59:06
For the sake of sanity, be careful not to LABEL.
@_date: 2019-09-23 03:56:01
Reserve banking is ***not evil*** inherently.  It's ***lender of last resort*** (i.e. a central bank capable of inflating money) that **is** evil.
Reserve banking is simply a way for savers to invest in the economy, by having the bank manage investments for them, trading off reduced risk for lower returns.
However, banks can mismanage investments by making too many high-risk-high-reward investments.  This is due to the lack of "skin in the game".  If the investment pays off the bank gets very rich.  If the investment does not pay off the bank breaks even by calling up the central bank and lending at last resort.  This is what happened in the 2008 crisis, and the root cause is ***not*** reserve banking, the root cause is ***lender of last resort*** i.e. the banks know they can go to the government, hat in hand, and say "we're too big to fail" and thus break even on high-risk investments, at the cost of every saver and taxpayer.
***Reserve banking is not inherently evil***.
If banks are allowed to fail without being bailed out or being allowed to bail in (i.e. give negative interest rates), and with no lender of last resortr, then banks know they *can* fail, and they will manage everybody's funds much more wisely.
It's skin in the game that makes you honest.
@_date: 2019-09-30 14:13:33
The group requires only 51% of hash power.  All the 51% miner would have to do would be to ignore all blocks that have transactions spending from blacklist addresses.  Even if 49% try to build a chain *with* the blacklisted addresses, the 51% will keep ignoring their little chains until the 51% inevtiably gets more blocks than the 49% (which it ***will*** get, they have 51% hashpower vs 49% hashpower).  The normal follow-more-blocks-as-long-as-valid rule will then favor the 51% in the long run.  The 49% will find themselves without any valid earnings (their blocks will keep getting orphaned out due to the policy of the 51%) until they comply with the blacklist themselves.
@_date: 2019-09-20 06:13:29
Most people will not own singlesig UTXOs onchain.  Instead, they will live in layers on top, with shared ownership of multisig UTXOs onchain, backing updateable offchain systems where they build Lightning Network channels on top of.
You'll earn your salary over Lightning and pay goods over Lightning.  If you've saved some money, you'd buy an onchain UTXO and get it into your own private cold storage.
@_date: 2019-09-09 07:42:49
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:34:38
What said. My hired freelancer mentioned a very technical problem where c-lightning was sending back bad responses when a payment it was routing could not be forwarded. The upshot being that the source of the payment knew the payment was failing but could not locate *where* it was failing at. It was not caught in the cross-implementation tests since they were focused on testing that forwarding *worked* and the bug manifested when forwarding *didn't work*.
@_date: 2019-09-21 15:16:10
For what it's worth, you're tr\*sting the service only until the channel deeply confirms.  Afterwards the money is assuredly yours.  This can take less than a day.
But note that this is not much different from buying BTC yourself and then just funding an outgoing channel, it will also take less than a day.  Once you have acquired the BTC you no longer have to trust anyone.
So your choice is:
1.  Put a *little* tr\*st in the service and buy BTC using fiat directly from the service and spend it out again immediately, but you have a small few hours window where it could be stolen from you.
2.  Tr\*st whatever method of buying BTC you already have now, and wait a few hours to set up a channel or submarine swap / lightning loop for it.
Most fiat methods take time to finalize and so on anyway.  So I really don't see much drawback to having to wait a few hours to get an outgoing LN channel capacity.
For what it's worth it's still a slightly-custodial exchange, but the money is in custody for a short time only, until the channel deeply confirms.  This is still a massive improvement over typical exchanges, which are 100% all the time custodial.
@_date: 2019-09-13 07:44:45
Hindi mo na ibebenta for PHP.  Gagamitin mo nang pambili.  Oks na?
For example bumili na ako ng Trezor na gamit ng Bitcoin deretso.  No convert convert.
@_date: 2019-09-07 09:13:48
The spec is nearing finalization, and there are already a few plans to implement it.  Hard to determine exact times but yeah there's a chance at least one implementation gets multipath payments pre-Christmas 2019.
@_date: 2019-09-10 09:52:38
Do you want to buy Bitcoins?  I usually use localbitcoins.com , have not encountered problems with that yet, though they now have KYC (meaning they now want you to provide IDs).
coins.ph is not something I recommend personally due to their position in SegWit2X controversy before.
The decentralized exchanges HODL HODL and Bisq don't work in the Philippines yet.
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:42:46
Well, it's not being discussed on bitcoin-dev.  Maybe the  IRC on freenode.net might have some people interested in this and similar things.
@_date: 2019-09-22 23:25:16
You could always extract the `xpub` then bury it?  You can keep generating addresses from the `xpub`?
@_date: 2019-09-21 15:03:19
It isn't.  See my comment: 
It's ***fine*** if you're paying with a reversible fiat method such as credit card or paypal, but if you're using irreversible wire transfer or physical paper, it's tr\*st-requiring.
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:30:23
It crashed from 1000 USD to 150 USD, it crashed from 100 USD to 14 USD, it crashed from 8 USD to less than 1 USD.  This?  This is meaningless.
@_date: 2019-09-24 06:40:15


It stores all state onchain (all your data is publicly available), the language is rich enough that footguns are **easy**, data involved is so large very few people can run fullnodes so it's pretty centralized, offchain techniques combine data-hiding while potentially allowing full Turing-complete programs enforcing conditions on the offchain transfer (and would work perfectly fine with Bitcoin), etc.
@_date: 2019-09-25 08:34:34


Note that channels are bidirectional and *each direction is its own object* for purposes of routing information.  C-Lightning for example has a concept of half-channels, with separate fee settings for each half of the channel.
Suppose you have an unpublished node, i.e. all its channels are unpublished (thus it never gets propagated via `node_announce` because no `channel_announce` has it).
When that node creates an invoice, it will give the fee information only for the *incoming* direction of the channel in the routehint.
Even if that unpublished nodes creates multiple invoices using all its channels as routehints, it will only give the fee information for the *incoming* direction.
Forwarding nodes are forwarding because they take an *incoming* payment and forward it to an *outgoing* channel.  So knowing only the *incoming* channel-directions of an unpublished node is insufficient: to be used in a route, the payer needs to know the `fee_proportional_millionths` `fee_base_msatoshi` and `ctlv_delta` specs of the *outgoing* direction, but only the *incoming* directions are given over the invoice.
(because, you know, the invoice is for the payee *getting paid*, so it's only the *incoming* direction?)
In order to forward via that channel, third party payers need to also know the *outgoing* direction's fees.  That's not available to the third party payer no matter how many invoices the node has published.  Maybe the third-party payer can *guess* but that runs the risk of guessing wrong, reducing reliability of payment, which is already problematic enough as-is with some nodes running on unreliable connections etc.
Even if the node has at least one published channel, the unpublished channels will only leak their *incoming* direction fees via invoices.  So a third-party can put in *incoming* via the unpublished channel and then forward *outgoing* via the published channel.  So at least the node is mildly protected in the *incoming* direction, but remember that the total delay at each node gives a hint on how far, at maximum, the final payee is.
Payments going *out* of a node via an unpublished channel is likely to be arising from that node as true payer of the route, thus unpublished channels are non-private in this regard.
Pay attention to what I said in the GP post:


This is the very specific scenario that I am pointing out.  Used for incoming, unpublished channels are reasonable, but if you are an unpublished node (all your channels are unpublished too) then nobody can possibly route to you and any incoming payment is ***definitely*** terminating to you: nobody else can use your node for outgoing payments (because nobody knows the outgoing channel feerate for your channels and they're not going to bother guessing).  So the other node on that unpublished channel, with many published channels, knows every incoming and outgoing payment you have on that channel, meaning it is not very private, you are trusting that node to keep mum about your financial transactions.
Unpublished nodes: just say no.
@_date: 2019-09-18 10:44:02
No. It's not Turing complete. There are decision functions which might not terminate but which you have to actually execute to know when they terminate, meaning you can't write it in Bitcoin even with a bunch of copy pasting.
Basically if it has no way to loop with an arbitrary condition for loop termination it's not Turing complete.
Some kinds of covenants can allow such looping by requiring the same code to be committed to on the next output, only exiting the loop under certain conditions. That would then be a sort of gas-based Turing completeness, as you'd be pumping more txes onchain until you exit the loop or run out of funds to pay mining fees for.
More pragmatically a lot of the math operations have been disabled.
@_date: 2017-09-04 02:46:37
Still not seeing a problem \^\^.
I mean, we don't really know for sure if Satoshi's 1,000,000 BTC is ever going to move, and if it does, well, that's the biggest whale of all.
@_date: 2017-09-29 10:01:54
Lightning internally uses .001 satoshi (1/1000 of a satoshi) but rounds down when committing from off-chain to on-chain.
It's easier to add such improvements off-chain, by-the-way, as you only need consensus with a direct trading partner in a channel.  If you need, for example, 0.000001 satoshi payments, you just look for a route where all the channels support that extension, or make a channel directly with the payee with that extension.
We don't need 100Gb blocks, LOL, just better off-chain.
Making changes to on-chain requires everyone to agree to the consensus.  Since you can't even make 100% of the world agree that evolution is true, good luck with that.
@_date: 2019-09-30 04:15:28


Fraud proofs have turned out to be devilishly hard to implement.
Note in particular that fraud proofs have to encode ***all*** rules of the blockchain.
In particular, *when we need to change the rules*, we also have to change fraud proof schemas.
Consider for example:
1.  The 1 RETURN bug (i.e. old BitCoin 0.1.0 Alpha used `RETURN` to mean the C-like `return`, i.e. terminate the SCRIPT execution early and give this value as result; of course, a `scriptSig` containing `OP_1 OP_RETURN` would always succeed and let any coin be spent by anybody).
2.  The `nSequence` bug (i.e. old BitCoin 0.1.0 Alpha would replace transactions in mempool if it had a higher `nSequence`, but this is not in fact enforced by consensus; today we use `nSequence` only to signal replace-by-fee, which is miner-compatible incentive).
3.  The quadratic-`SIGHASH` bug (i.e. each `OP_CHECKSIG` operation potentially has to create a unique hash, such that a specially constructed transaction with N inputs would trigger N hashing operations, i.e. N^2 hashes, thus quadratic).
4.  The transaction malleability bug (i.e. txid hash computations included the signatures authorizing the inputs, but signatures are trivially malleable).
Each of the bugfixes of the above problems would have required not only to implement the code implementing the bugfix, but also to add new fraud proofs that also enforce the new rules.
Now consider that we are still updating Bitcoin --- there's Schnorr-like signatures plus Taproot plus MAST, and possibly `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` (or `SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT`, whatever).  Each new rule means additional derivation of *some* fraud proof.
Admittedly in theory we could use a general zk-proof system, such as zk-SNARKs, zk-STARKs, or Bulletproofs.  We could compile C code into a zk-proof-able circuit, then use that to generate the fraud proofs.  Unfortunately it would lead to a very large circuit: circuits have to duplicate repeated operations (i.e. it can't refer to a common "SHA256" operation, it has to code the operation each time you use it).  Generating that very large circuit would take a bit of time and space (and we can't "just compile" C code: the C code accepted has certain limitations, so we have to code the blockchain checker written in C to what is accepted by the tool).  The large circuit has to be pre-downloaded by every SPV client (while verifier runtime is very tiny compared to prover runtime, just accessing large circuits can slow down the verifier anyway).
Worse, evaluating the circuit so you can generate a proof is much much more expensive than just running compiled C code on the native processor.  This means having a big beefy server that can evaluate the circuit on each block being run, as soon as a block arrives.  Now imagine a big beefy server providing (putative) fraud proofs to low-powered mobile SPV clients.  That's not peer-to-peer, that's hub and spoke.  That's centralization.
The alternative is to use specific zk-proof systems for each rule, but that means each additional rule has to also add the specific zk-proof system that verifies that rule. There might not *be* a specific zk-proof system that is smaller and easier to run a prover on a RaspPi-level `bitcoind`.
Bitcoin is a moving target for now.  Maybe in a decade or so we'll have fraud proofs.  But today?  It's not possible.  You want something *today*, you have to use layering approaches i.e. Lightning.
@_date: 2017-10-11 08:30:07




@_date: 2019-09-21 14:51:22
The other channel is to a node that exists somewhere else and is connected to the Internet, i.e. just as hot.  You can't escape having to be hot on Lightning, at all.
You are better of batching this in a submarine swap / loop payment for onchain funds.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:02:19
Hmmm... Altruism only exists as a strategy to increase one's own interests.  Is that better?
I don't kid.  I understand that it doesn't feel that way to everyone --- it doesn't feel that way to me too, it feels like altruism and teaching this shit to people gives me a nice warm glow inside.  But if I'm honest, I'm looking forward to people wanting to buy more BTC and boosting the price, as well as the odd Reddit Gold and even Bitcoin tip for a good comment reply.  I mean --- sure, your work on MimbleWimble is a nice intellectual pursuit converting Jedusor's/your idea to reality, and Scriptless Script is amazing, but it also has the side effect of increasing Bitcoin fungibility and increasing its value.
@_date: 2019-09-16 05:01:18
Hah, yes, that's right. 2^160 == 1,461,501,637,330,902,918,203,684,832,716,283,019,655,932,542,976
So only 4 or 5 different lotteries I guess.
@_date: 2017-09-13 14:15:42
Drivechains is the only one being worked on.  Don't know why Sztorc is so gungho about it, it's a miner vote that is essentially riskless to the miner who just votes whatever without actually verifying.  Fedpeg is workable now but you have to trust the fed behind the peg, hence not trustless.
Blockstream itself seems to have given up on sidechains.  [See article quoting Greg Maxwell](
If drivechains are unworkable, maybe some more years to develop zk-SNARKs better, then deploy that.
@_date: 2017-10-05 05:41:12
2Seg 2Wit X
@_date: 2017-10-17 09:48:23
[Yes.  Blockstream is illegally performing time travel research, which is internationally sanctioned by the United Nations.  Greg Maxwell's neckbeard is a known side effect of time travel research.  Blockstream is also anti-life and supports abortion for no reason, and supports time travel in order to allow abortion of individuals who are censored in r/bitcoin.](
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:00:46
Again: the policy is for you to ***reject*** the blocks created by the 49% of the network.  This rejection split the network into two, one which is censored and one which is not.  The censored half, assuming it has 51% or more hashpower, will, ***in the long run***, have more blocks.  It is immaterial that sometimes the 49% will find 2 blocks in a row: the censoring 51% will still ignore ***all uncensored blocks*** and not consider any of them valid and will ***not build on top of uncensored blocks, keeping the censored chainsplit alive indefinitely until the censored chainsplit overtakes the uncensored one***.  Naive miners which don't specifically reject censored blocks will even get brought over to the censored side simply by following the longest chain, pulling their hashpower for the censoring side and increasing their effective hashpower.  It's the same logic which let BIP148 work!
Every softfork is basically the censorship of certain transactions, making anyone-can-spend outputs into spendable-under-certain-conditions outputs.  It's just that softforks are accepted as adding new features, thus desirable to the entire network.  But it is still a form of censorship.  For example, transactions which spend SegWit outputs without providing a witness are rejected (censored), even though pre-SegWit nodes would have accepted them.
When it comes to transaction selection, it's simple raw financial gain that prevents censorship.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:40:26
Possibly.  Also a direct channel to the payee has 0 fees.
@_date: 2017-09-11 09:56:22
\*shrug\* I don't know how those projects accept patchsets.  In Bitcoin, people make git commits (which require some message describing the commit) and then pull requests (which require some message describing why the pull request should be put in).
That's before the code is even a release-candidate state.  So there has to be some git commit message and some pull request message.
If a commit fixes an important vulnerability, which of the below git commit message and pull request message would prevent leaking of the vulnerability details?
1.  "Prevent LevelDB from consuming too much memory when presented with a specially-crafted transaction"
2.  "Improve LevelDB format in order to get a NN% boost in initial syncup time."
Not having a decent git commit message or pull request message would trigger alarm bells.  Heck, even just listing a CVE number would make people start investigating in even more detail.
So what you do is, you put up a short message in the git commits claiming it's some boring old optimization of initial syncup rather than a vital fix for a vulnerability in external code.
@_date: 2017-09-19 23:37:58
One is SPY mining.  Say you're a miner.  You're grinding away at your block N.  Someone else gets block N' at the same height.  However, you've only received the block header; receiving the block and verifying it will take a few seconds.  For those precious few seconds to receive and verify the block (remember you have a few terahashes per seconds, so that's a lot of hashes) you have a few options:
1. Stop hashing (but power supply to your miners is hard to shut down and start up again reliably, so it's better to keep pumping the miners with electricity, but you're wasting precious electricity while not hashing).
2.  Keep grinding on N (but now that somebody's beaten you to N, it's not likely other miners will build on your mini-fork, so you're wasting electricity on a lost cause).
3.  Create an empty block (because you don't know what transactions were included in N' yet: remember, you're still receiving and verifying it) and grind an empty N+1.
The last option is SPY mining. (it's called that because what you really do is: you learn if your competitor mining pool has found N' by putting a dummy miner on their pool; if the mining pool changes the previous block hash on the header they're distributing to their miners, then that means they've found N' and the new previous block hash is their N', then you build and grind on an empty block with the same previous block hash until you get and verify the block N')
Of course, if the time between it and the last block is not very close, it can't be SPY mining.
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:07:56
Bitcoin is a revolution.  By a careful mix of cryptography and financial incentive, issuance of a currency can be set beforehand, with acceptance of the currency dependent on whether you accept the issuance schedule of the currency.  And changing that issuance schedule requires, not the decision of some voted leader, or some faceless high-ranking official that was never even voted, but instead the agreement of every user of the currency.
This means that control of the currency is not in any single entity, but under control of all the users of the currency.
This is vastly different from existing currencies in common use.  For example, the number of dollars printed by the United States Federal Reserve is not fixed, but changes every year.
This is because what is *actually* happening is seigniorage: the issuer of the currency wants to tax people who save their money, extracting that value by devaluing the currency itself.  Remember: increased supply means reduced price, and when you increase the supply of money, you decrease the amount of goods you can buy with the same unit of money (i.e. the price of money, in terms of actual products and service you can buy, goes down).  People who have been saving money thus lose their purchasing value over time.
This additional tax on savers has a negative effect on the economy (it should be noted that *every* tax has a negative effect on the economy except the Land Value Tax, which it should be emphasized is not the same as a Property Tax): today's savers are tomorrow's investors, and slowing down the rate at which people can save their money (via taxation via seigniorage, that is, arbitrary inflation of the currency supply) slows down the rate at which savers eventually become investors.  This slowing down of investors means that new economic entities (new businesses) lack funding and never even come to be, destroying the livelihoods of everyone.
Worse, excessive inflation of coin supply means that many savers eventually become unable to continuously save: the rate at which they save is dwarfed by the rate at which the coin supply inflates and thus devalues.  This leads to effectively having negative savings rates.  This leads savers --- potential future investors --- to become consumers instead, since at least the things they can consume ***right now*** are things they can actually get, whereas in the future they may find their savings already stolen via seigniorage tax.  This leads to the current consumerist world, where people are born to become wage slaves living a hand-to-mouth existence.
Bitcoin is a strike in the revolution against this flawed world.  By it, we can put states back in their place, serving the people instead of enriching those in power.  By having a fixed coin supply indefinitely, we ensure that no entity can extract the seigniorage tax.  This encourages savers, reduces consumerism, and eventually gives birth to more investors who can then bring new businesses into being, slowly improving the lives of everyone, from first world to third.
Far more powerful than pen or sword, is the power of the coin.
Copyright 2019 Alan Manuel K. Gloria.  Released under CC-BY 3.0.
@_date: 2017-10-24 06:15:47
L1 scaling is a priority --- it's just not going to happen via a block size increase again in any near time frame.
1.  SegWit is 2Mb already.  It can reach &gt;3Mb even for some cases, although on average is 2Mb.  We've had &gt;1Mb blocks for a while already with &lt;20% SegWit adoption.
2.  MAST and Bellare-Neven ("Schnorr") signatures are being worked on now.  Those are on-chain L1 scaling.  They're just not **block size increase hardforks**.  People, please, let's focus on what we ***really*** want to increase: transactions per second, not bytes of legacy transactions per block.  The expectation is that MAST and Bellare-Neven each will increase on-chain transactions per second by 10-&gt;15% (MAST at the lower end, Bellare-Neve at the higher end especially if signature aggregation works out).  MAST should be deployed (awaiting activation via BIP9) within the year or early next year, Bellare-Neven maybe next year.  SegWit's script versioning system really simplifies both deployments.
3.  Block size hardfork increases beyond SegWit will be lower priority for many reasons (see succeeding reasons).
4.  Block size increase risks collapse of the FIBRE network: larger blocks means larger mining pools have an advantage over smaller mining pools.  If a large mining pool finds a block, it can work on the next block immediately, but other pools have to wait for the block to propagate to them.  This increases the advantage of being a large pool, beyond the size of the hash they control: smaller pools are more likely to have their blocks orphaned because a large pool got lucky and got two blocks in quick succession.  Before Bitcoin Relay Network and its upgrade FIBRE, **block sizes of 300kb were already starting mining pool centralization**.  Bitcoin Relay Network slowed it down until smaller pools had less risk of having their blocks orphaned, reducing mining pool centralization.  While tech like SPY mining can be used to mitigate orphaning, SPY mining reduces transaction throughput, and SPY mining confirmations are less secure since the transactions are not verified before the miner starts working on an empty successor block.  Future size increases should factor in their effect on FIBRE, and really more FIBRE networks than the one Matt Corallo runs should be deployed.
5.  SegWit provides a basic template for block size increase via softforks: move transaction data out of the block and put them in an "extension" block that you do not propagate to old nodes, then have miners commit to the extension block in the coinbase. SegWit moves the equivalent of `scriptSig`, the `witness`, outside of the "legacy" block sent to old nodes (or to be precise, it strips the block of witness data when sending to old nodes).  Softforks are safer since if they fail, they don't start a minority altcoin.  It's preferable to use softforked techniques to increase block size.  Unfortunately, we don't really have additional transaction data anymore to move out of the block into an "extension" block (barring some particularly clever construction, maybe).  We could move entire transactions into the extension block, but that makes transactions opting-in to the size increase somewhat second-class citizens (unlike SegWit, which allows seamless payment between SegWit and legacy addresses).  Maybe MimbleWimble could get implemented as an extension block, though; MimbleWimble is different enough from Bitcoin that it would be justifiable to just move MimbleWimble transactions to their own extension block.
6.  Block size increases are not as beneficial as you think.  I've alluded to SPY mining, which increases in proportion to block size and which effectively wastes potential block size space (so you'd get less than a 2x increase in transaction rate for a 2x increase in block size).  There's also the effect of [induced demand](  In a nutshell, increasing the block size is similar to increasing road size: it won't actually help traffic all that much, because what determines car congestion in a city is not road size or on-road cars per second, what determines car congestion is ***the speed and cost of public transport***.  Because if you're rational, if it's quicker and cheaper to take public transport to visit a friend or whatever, you'd use public transport and not bother taking out your private car on the road network.  And that reduces on-road car congestion, not road width.  Now increasing block size won't actually help all that much, because what determines transaction congestion in Bitcoin is not block size or on-block transactions per second, what determines transaction congestion is ***the speed and cost of Lightning***.  Because if you're rational, if it's quicker and cheaper to use Lightning to pay a friend or whatever, you'd use Lightning and not bother taking out your private transaction on the blockchain.  And that reduces on-block transaction congestion, not block size.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:54:02
Hey! You made the sidechain headers on mainchain thing?  And mainstake?
Re: mainstake, the mainchain headers that "pass" the difficulty already have reduced entropy simply because they pass the difficulty: basically, some of the bits that could have been random need to be 0.  Thus mainchain headers have lower entropy than the 256 bits you'd get from SHA256.  This is true even if you put the mainchain headers through a different hashing function: there's going to be less bits of entropy into the PRNG you use for the stake lottery.
Otherwise, pretty good call to avoid stake-grinding by using something that is already being ground for another purpose.
Edit: paging u/Chris_Stewart_5 also
@_date: 2017-09-04 08:55:42
Monero is relatively less used than Bitcoin.  That leads to smaller block sizes, like this:  .  350k largest block eva?  WHAT A CUTE KID.
If Monero reaches Bitcoin level, I can assure you that they're going to wish there was a block size limit.
@_date: 2017-09-12 07:06:10
RSK is Rootstock, a reimplementation of the Ethereum Virtual Machine, but instead of fuelling smart contracts with Ether, you fuel them with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-20 04:08:05
Eclair wallet has a mobile version.  Don't know how easy it would be to interface with the Eclair backend via software though.  Again, they're in alpha development.
If you need Lightning devs specifically, try: 
@_date: 2017-09-26 01:28:06
Bitcoin Core can refer to the reference client software (which really should be the only client, as consensus divergence risk is increased when multiple codebases exist) or to the ill-defined cloud of interested and/or invested developers maintaining the Bitcoin Core reference client.
@_date: 2019-09-11 03:56:28
Yes, glacier tends to be for those people with a few thousand BTCs.
The period-within-quotes thing largely depends on convention.  There is a convention where sentence-ending marks period, question mark, exclamation point are *always* put inside quotes.  Another convention is that this is put inside the quote *if and only if what is being quoted is a complete sentence*.  I use the latter convention.
So I might say "I use the so-called 'put end-of-sentence punctuation inside quotes if it's a sentence convention'." :P
@_date: 2019-09-17 03:48:20


The miner subsidy is a tax on savers of the coin.  The preprogrammed eventual phasing out of that subsidy is the rejection of this tax.  Instead, the principle is that, services rendered must be paid for by those who most benefit from this service.  Once your ownership has been locked into the chain deeply enough, there is little practical benefit to additional confirmations, thus a saver has no benefit gained from additional blocks and thus *should not* pay for those.


This is very broad.  Signatures are zero-knowledge proofs for example: they prove you know the private key without revealing the private key (i.e. zero-knowledge about the private key is leaked by the proof, at least if you do it properly).
In general the most "buzz" has to do with taking a smart contract program and encoding it in a zk-proof so you don't have to reveal the entire program and the entire input it takes, reducing onchain space.  Other buzzes include compacting the "range proof" (i.e. you're not using negative numbers) in confidential transactions (which *might* get into bitcoin and which would represent the next block size increase, basically not actually increasing transactions per second).


Payment from those who are holding their own money in BTC and want to ensure its continued survival and security.
@_date: 2018-02-14 02:33:46
Well, still: It **should** be \[logical\], else why use a cryptographically-controlled deflationary currency?
@_date: 2019-09-24 03:14:07
Most likely you will not turn a profit unless you can get cheap electricity and at least a roomful of mining hardware.
And you'd still be in a pool, not solo.  If you want to target solo, you'd need a warehouseful of mining hardware.
@_date: 2018-11-24 18:03:06
Maybe it will be you.
@_date: 2017-09-13 14:04:18
buy the fucking dip
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:03:03
You misunderstand.
Without replay protection, the 2X transaction is *identical* to a Bitcoin transaction.
This also means that its `scriptPubKey` will be *identical*.
An *identical* `scriptSig` will work to unlock on both networks.
So the problem with the lack of replay protection, is only if you are sending to addresses you do not control.
So the first thing you do, is to split your coins.
In order to split, you just generate two addresses you control.
On one network, you send to one address, then on the other network you send to the other.
If both confirm the same transaction, just repeat the process.  If they confirm different transactions, congratulations, you've successfully split.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:52:11
Recent bitcoin-dev discussion shows Bitcoin SCRIPT is not even necessary for payment channels: 
All that is needed is multisignatures, absolute timelocks, relative timelocks, and a way to use signatures as a secret communication method (i.e. Scriptless Script / adaptor signatures).  Schnorr-like signatures provide multisignatures and Scriptless Script, simple consensus rules (`nLockTime` and `nSequence`) provide absolute and relative timelocks.
So it brings to mind whether you even need SCRIPT at all, when almost all transactions are going to be of the form "I'll pay you if you give me the access key to my new goods", which are done perfectly fine with mutisignatures, absolute timelocks, and Scriptless Script.
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:12:24
It was a badly-coded service which let Bitmain (or anyone who manages to DNS-hack `auth.minerlink.com`) stop any particular miner connected to the Internet.
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:45:58
Land value tax, the only fair tax.  See what the Georgians keep ranting about why land value tax is much fairer than every other tax.
Land value tax is easily enforceable: you can't put your land in your pocket and ride a plane elsewhere and spend it somewhere else.
Land values can be registered in some government database.  Then anyone can come in, and if they offer you some amount higher than the land value you registered, they get to buy the land: if you refuse, the government exercises its eminent domain right, buys the land from you for your registered price, and pockets the difference between what the buyer offered and your registered price.  This forces you to report the land value honestly, in terms of how much money you'd be willing to see in exchange for the losing control of the land: if you register it higher, you pay more taxes than you should have, and if you register it lower, somebody else can buy it from the government.
@_date: 2017-10-24 09:00:14


Or girls.  Hot cypherpunk lesbian girls.
@_date: 2017-10-27 06:45:12
SPY mining.  Let's pretend you're a mining pool.  You insert a fake miner into a competitor pool, and when the competitor pool sends a new block header template to the miners and its `prevBlockHeaderHash` is different from yours, you copy the `prevBlockHeaderHash` and make an empty block on top of that.  The presumption is that the new `prevBlockHeaderHash` is a newly-mined block that you haven't received yet.  Since you haven't received it yet, you don't know what transactions are in it, so you can't risk putting transactions into a block built on top of it that may have already been mined by that block.  You just put a coinbase transaction, which is unique.
Mining pool can then earn the block reward (but not fees), and you can start mining on the next block (reducing risk of orphaning) as soon as the competitor pool updates the new work to its miners.
Unfortunately it degrades security, since the mining pool engaging in this behavior does not verify that the transactions on the block are valid, and an SPV client accepting a small number of confirmations may get fooled if a SPY mining pool gets fooled (FWIW it hasn't been known to happen yet).
Yes, it would be completely unreasonable:
1.  Whose mempool will you base this on?  Each node has its own mempool.
2.  What happens at initial block download?  If you encounter an empty block during initial block download, how do you judge if that empty block was valid at the time?
3.  For that matter, what if you temporarily get disconnected (or shut down your computer, whatever) during a time when mempool is low but non-empty, then get connected again and encounter an empty block?  Was it valid at that time or not?  You were disconnected, so you don't know if the mempool was emptied or not.
Core's response to this problem is to push the FIBRE network (they claim that FIBRE lowers block transport to within the time you'd hear of a new `prevBlockHeaderHash` anyway, removing the incentive to use SPY mining), but FIBRE is currently not going to work beyond 4Mb, hence block size increases beyond SegWit are very unlikely to get through.
@_date: 2019-09-20 05:58:54
Turbo channels are not trustless (this may be fine for most users, but note the increased risk of centralization due to tr\*st).
Typical analyses focus only on the on-Lightning stuff.  That is, suppose service Bob creates a channel to Alice with a non-zero `push_msat`.  Alice cannot consider this money to be "real" until the channel actually gets deeply confirmed onchain.  However, turbo channels allow Bob to receive money using the `push_msat` money from Alice, for which Bob then exchanges this (when forwarding) for "real" money on another channel by Bob.
In isolation, as above, this is perfectly correct and trustless.
The problem is that Bob is not going to send any `push_msat` money to Alice ***for free*** out of the goodness of Bob's heart.
Instead, Bob, if economically rational, is only going to send a non-zero `push_msat` if and only if it receives what it considers to be equivalent value to the `push_msat` funds.
Consider that Bob might offer a `push_msat` of 50mBTC to Alice.  Bob will only do that if it expects to gain something of equal or greater value than 50mBTC (else Bob loses).  For example, Alice might pay onchain 50.5mbTC for such a turbo channel.
So suppose:
1.  Alice pays 50.5mBTC onchain for a turbo channel.
2.  Bob creates a turbo channel pushing a 50mBTC `push_msat` to Alice.
3.  Bob indicates turbo-ness, thus accepting outgoing payments from Alice-&gt;Bob and onwards.
4.  Alice sends out a maximum 42mBTC send elsewhere over the turbo channel, even though the channel funding output is not yet confirmed.
5.  Alice now believes turbo channels work and are awesome.  YEY!
6.  Bob double-spends the *unconfirmed* channel funding tx, returning the 50mBTC back to Bob, and making the channel disappear forever.
7.  Alice now lost 8mBTC to Bob.
Yes, maybe Alice can also double-spend the 50.5mBTC onchain, but if Alice wasn't paying attention then Bob still wins.  Indeed if Bob uses the minimum fee during a high-congestion period while insisting on a good fee for the onchain 50.5mBTC payment, Bob can still arrange for the incoming payment to be confirmed while being able to still double-spend the channel funding transaction.
In short, turbo channels can be fast only because you are placing tr\*st in Bob.
Granted, the period in which you are tr\*sting Bob is short, but you *are* still tr\*sting Bob.
I suppose this is fine if Alice is using a reversible fiat method to pay, in which case Bob is actually also tr\*sting Alice not to reverse the fiat method. But in any case it is not a perfectly trustless solution.
@_date: 2019-09-02 05:45:56
Sending it from your P2SH-wrapped SegWit to your native SegWit just adds more cost to you.  Fine if you want.
@_date: 2019-09-30 22:40:03
Yes.  It's also immaterial, because once you're on a large Lightning network you could pay anyone on it, including a pre-existing node you prepared with large incoming capacity.
@_date: 2019-09-20 02:36:44
No, because hardware wallets are just a copy of the keys.  Transfer of one copy of a private key does not mean transfer of control of the key, unless all other copies are provably destroyed.
OpenDime tries its hardest to be only a sole copy of a particular key, but in theory a sufficiently talented hacker could have a few spare vats of liquid nitrogen to start hacking it apart and copy the keys.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:17:30


@_date: 2019-09-11 07:48:26
Technical Analysis is bullshit.  The only important strategy is this:
1.  Select an amount and a constant time period.  For example "PHP5,000 per payday" or "P2,000 per month" or "PHP1,000 per week" or "P500 per day".
2.  Tattoo that amount and time period in your arm.
3.  Buy that amount of BTC.  So for example if you select "PHP5,000 per payday" then every payday buy PHP5,000 worth of BTC.
4.  Do this for at least a year.
5.  HODL.
No other strategy will give you better results unless you want to quit your day job and start studying machine learning algorithms, which I doubt you will be able to start making positive returns unless you are already trained in machine learning algorithms.
@_date: 2017-09-05 04:08:26
Market friction. If there are fees involved in transferring, if withdrawals from some exchange are slow, or there is a business holiday, then markets will drift.
Coinbase has ridiculous fees for transferring BTC out. It's primarily a USA exchange and the USA is on holiday.
@_date: 2017-09-13 14:09:07
Aww heck, I bought a little early I suppose.
@_date: 2019-09-13 07:08:51
When the time comes, you won't sell it.  You'll just use it for everyday things like jeepney fare and lunch, etc.
Pagdating ng panahon, ni hindi mo kelangan ibenta.  Gagamitin mo lang sya araw-araw sa pamasahe sa dyip at tanghalian, atbp.
@_date: 2019-09-26 03:41:32


The thing is, if the Uhura\&lt;-\&gt;Charlie full channel is not published:
* There is no valid `channel_announcement`.  Note that `channel_announcement` requires both Uhura and Charlie's signatures, so Uhura cannot secretly announce a channel without cooperation of Charlie.
* Uhura can leak the Uhura\&lt;-Charlie direction ***only*** over Lightning invoices, because invoices are for reception.
Alice ***cannot*** know the Uhura-\&gt;Charlie half-channel, thus cannot route via it.
~~So your proposal is impossible.~~
Charlie knows with 100% accuracy that any payment in the Uhura-&gt;Charlie direction is from Uhura.
The only time the Uhura-\&gt;Charlie half-channel can be leaked is if *Charlie* leaks it in its own invoice.  And if Charlie would rather have an information advantage over Uhura, then obviously Charlie will not leak that information in its own invoices, so it knows every time that Uhura-\&gt;Charlie is used, it's definitely from Uhura.  Given that Lightning fees are so tiny, it is far more likely that Charlie would earn from monitoring Uhura's activity than from routing fees it might get for leaking the Uhura-\&gt;Charlie direction.
Edit: ehh, looks like we're vehemently agreeing, oh well.
@_date: 2019-09-30 22:38:53
51% is the minimum to do so.  The same principle occurs at 52%, 53%, etc.  The point is that &lt;100% is needed.  Variance is a transient thing and is relatively minimal.
The only protection against censorship is fees, which rise and encourage more miners to join against the censoring large miner.  Without it, the rest of the network will not bother increasing their hashpower.
@_date: 2019-09-03 01:47:42
Don't bother. Most of them are scams.  Your choices are JoinMarket or Wasabi.  Wasabi is easier to use if you have 100mBTC at least to mix.
@_date: 2019-09-26 06:58:27
It makes it harder to do timing measurements to guess where a transaction originated from on the Bitcoin fullnode network.
@_date: 2019-09-11 03:57:50
Yes, it just checks addresses.  There's the so-called "gap limit" in one of the BIPs.  Conventionally it's 20.
@_date: 2019-09-24 06:04:45
So... somebody opened an orifice that another person sexually violated?
@_date: 2019-09-05 07:54:51
Yep.  Also ensures it doesn't get mixed with your "presumably legit (ha ha)" coins.
@_date: 2019-09-03 10:04:46
Wasabi is great for mixing amounts of 100mBTC batches.  If it's much larger or much smaller than that, it's not so good.
JoinMarket with a good enough of BTC can be kept running as a JoinMarket maker, slowly earning some money just for being a maker.  Don't know what "good enough" amount would be: anyone running a JoinMarket maker is reticent to reveal how much they have on the maker, because JoinMarket makers are hot wallets and potential hacking targets.
JoinMarket also requires being comfortable running Python over console.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:10:21
See, Wasabi ***already uses TOR*** to look up your coins on what is basically a glorified machine-readable block explorer.  Using a clearnet site, over clearnet, to look up your Wasabi address ***loses your privacy***.  ***You've just screwed up the privacy that Wasabi takes great pains to preserve***.
I strongly suggest creating a new Wasabi wallet, move your current coins there, mix them several times, then never use a clearnet block explorer again.
You've just lost your privacy right there.
@_date: 2019-09-19 05:31:29
Arbitrary functions (forget "complex" here, because your "complex" could be my "simple") may not terminate (i.e. the function is "partial").  Given a piece of code describing the function, it is not possible to write a general algorithm whose input is "code of an arbitrary function" and whose output is either "this function will eventually terminate under all conditions" or "this function will definitely not terminate under these specific conditions" --- i.e. the Halting Problem.
The reason for that is that if such a `will_it_halt(program, input)` function exists, we can write a program:
    main(x):
       if will_it_halt(x, x) == will_terminate_under_all_conditions:
          while true:
             nop
Suppose we feed the above program its own source code.  Then if `will_it_halt` returns `will_terminate_under_all_conditions`, the program will enter an infinite loop: but that means that the program, given its own self as input, does not terminate, meaning `will_it_halt` returned the wrong result.
Now the above is an "arbitrary" function (again, forget "complex" --- what do you mean by that anyway?).  Whether it terminates or not, given itself as input, is undecidable.  Such a function is only expressible in a language that is Turing-complete: the above function has an arbitrary `while` loop with arbitrary termination condition.
So by "arbitrary" I am taking you to mean that you are talking about partial functions (which might not terminate) written in a Turing-complete language.
Of note is that there is a concept of a "total" function: functions which, by construction, are known to terminate as long as their inputs are finite.  This often starts to bring in concepts like "recursion" and "corecursion", as well as "data" and "codata".
A language might require that all functions written in it *must* be provably total, or else the compiler or interpreter will reject the function as a syntax error.  The proof of termination depends exactly on what the compiler/interpreter/language mandates.  For example, a language that supports only "substructural recursion" might allow the following function:
    map :: (a -&gt; b) -&gt; (List a -&gt; List b)
    map f (a:as) = f a : map f as
    map f Nil    = Nil
In the above, recursion occurs in the `map f (a:as)` equation: `map` occurs on the right hand side again.  This is accepted as terminating (if the input is finite) because the recursion is done on a *substructure* of the input: `a` is the first element while `as` is the rest of the elements.
Corecursion is the dual of recursion, and applies to codata.  What is codata?  Data represents a finite-sized piece of information.  Codata represents an ongoing process that yields finite-sized pieces of information.  Roughly, data is data, codata is code (i.e. how data is generated).
For example, a language that represents codata might allow:
    codata (Stream a) as
        head :: Stream a -&gt; a
        tail :: Stream a -&gt; Stream a
This represents a stream of data, that never terminates (termination of this stream can be represented "by convention" by reserving a possible data as "end-of-stream", which a stream will emit forever once the end has been reached).  However, a total language can still allow the above formulation, by requiring that any function that accepts codata will yield codata (i.e. it will still terminate the "step" of the stream, even if the stream represents an infinite sequence).
For example, the fibonacci series is an infinite series, and can be represented by the stream below:
    fib :: Stream Natural
    head fib = 1
    head (tail fib) = 1
    tail (tail fib) = zipf (+) fib (tail fib)
The above does *not* define `fib` and recurse into `fib`, at least from the point of view of substructural recursion: instead, the third equation defines *`tail`* and recurses into *`tail`*!  The first argument in this equation is `(tail fib)`, so `fib` itself is a substructure of the first argument, thus the `(tail fib)` in the right-hand side is a substructural recursion.
The interesting thing is that by combination of the above concepts of "data" and "codata", one is able to write practical Turing-complete programs (but whose individual parts can be proven to terminate, assisting in debugging and analysis of programs written in the language).  What needs to be done is that an external program *not* written in this language calls a function that returns a stream of "actions".  Those actions would be things like "open a file" "call into this C function" etc., eventually having an action "exit the program".  The external program would continue to operate by simply extracting the stream of actions (incidentally, before the creation of the `IO` monad, Haskell used exactly this mechanism!  Now this mechanism is abstracted away by the `IO` monad; the Hugs Haskell interpreter, for example, internally uses this mechanism still).
This relates to what I described: a Bitcoin covenant can enforce that a script has a branch that requires the same script to be used.   This means we can build a codata stream-like "thing", similar to the above "stream of actions" concept.  An external program (i.e. a program external to the blockchain) can then operate a "Turing-complete" script by continuously posting transactions (i.e. extracting the "stream of actions" from the non-Turing-complete program that is provably terminating), spending more "gas" (i.e. fees).
So anyway --- this is not possible with Bitcoin currently.  It may become possible when Simplicity starts adding more introspection capabilities.  Then, Simplicity would be terminating, but this self-reference would allow an external program running off-blockchain to keep operating an "almost-Turing-complete" contract by pushing transactions onchain.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:14:25
Physical distance from your hardware wallet.
Most hardware wallets are accessed via USB.  You can buy two, then randomly select one, open it up, and ensure there are no transmitters other than USB (and in any case if you are physically far removed from them and their equipment, any wireless signal the hardware wallet might send would be difficult-to-impossible for them to get anyway).
If you audit the drivers for the hardware wallet, you can check if there is any code there that calls home, like the firmware for AntMiner.  There isn't, last time I checked the Trezor drivers.
The hardware wallet can still send out the private key via the only thing you are getting from the hardware wallet: signatures.  Signatures involve a supposedly-random number.  By taking advantage of certain maths, the hardware wallet can leak the secret over the signature random number.  So you also have to audit the firmware that gets installed into your hardware wallet and ensure it doesn't do that.  It doesn't, last time I checked the Trezor firmware.
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:07:14
Turned out she was a prostitute and she just replaced them by fee.
@_date: 2019-09-30 04:57:26


If you noticed, this scenario speaks nothing about inflation.
If the expected payout is greater than inflation --- regardless of whether inflation is 0%, 4%, 6%, or 200% --- then you invest.  Otherwise you look for another investment.
Nothing else drives investment decision, other than the question "what is expected payoff, probability of payoff, compared to inflation rate?"
Inflation does not improve investment (and may discourage saving, and every investor was originally a saver anyway, how do you think they got the money to invest?).


WTF?  The expected payoff is 3 * 0.5 + 0 * 0.5 == 1.5.  Just do the maths.  It's why we invented math in the first place.
If the risk is scaring you, aggregate.  Instead of each person doing this on their own, have two people agree to share the risk of two businesses.  If both businesses are not very correlated, then the expected payoff is:
* 25% - both businesses succeed, each investor gets 3 times their money.
* 50% - one business succeeds, the other fails, each investor gets 1.5 times their money.
* 25% - neither business succeeds, each investor gets 0 times their money.
Expected payoff is still 3 * 0.25 + 1.5 * 0.50 + 0 * 0.25 == 1.5, exactly the same payoff as doing it by yourself.
@_date: 2017-09-12 03:06:46
Smart contracts have jurisdiction in purely digital domains.  So you can make digital coin transfers in smart contracts.  Random number generation can be done digitally, so you can do gambling games with smart contracts.  But to interact with the real world, well, that's harder, often much harder.  Work like DLC's lets smart contracts access information, but how to affect the real world?.  I think "a few years" is not possible.  Maybe a decade.
If TheBlueMatt wasn't so nice, I doubt the FIBRE network would exist today.  If so, it's likely SegWit would not include a witness discount and a block size increase.  Consider if for example a very efficient Bitcoin miner ASIC was made by someone who wasn't as nice as TheBlueMatt, he could cause a lot of problems with upgrading the network protocol.
So well... maybe.  I sympathize with ancap libertarians but I think they undervalue good governance.  As someone living in a much lousier government than most ancaps live in, I can appreciate the better governments they have.
@_date: 2017-09-11 13:50:30


\*headdesk\* This is already possible with current Bitcoin.  See OP_IF.  The major advantage of MAST over nested OP_IF are:
1.  Privacy: other branches of the MAST are hidden if not executed.
2.  Compression: other branches of the MAST are not published (and hence not in the tx bloating size) if not executed.
@_date: 2017-10-06 06:00:18
Well, as long as those who "signed" it continue to say things like "we should keep with our commitments" versus "it was a mistake, the facts changed, we changed our minds, what do you do sir?", well, does it matter if there was an actual contract written?
@_date: 2019-09-24 06:09:10
See, code needs to be maintained.  You want a feature to be retained, you pay for the code.  Either maintain the code yourself, or pay somebody else to maintain it for you.  There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch.
All those nice free operating systems and browsers? Paid for.  Major companies sponsor Linux development because they run Linux on their boxen.  Major companies sponsor Mozilla development because they have websites they want to be browseable.  Etc.  All human behavior is economic behavior.
BitPay has every incentive to maintain this code themselves, nobody else ***needs*** BIP70, and frankly, nobody else cares.  Let BitPay pay for BIP70 code maintenance if it's so important to them.  If they refuse, they lose, who cares?  Did you miss Ford when it fell from an innovator in personal transportation vehicles to a laughingstock known for its lemons?  Such is life.
You cannot just tell developers to maintain code they are not interested in, unless you are paying those developers.  Are you?  If not, who ***the fuck*** are you to tell us what to work on?  Put up or shut up.
This is money.  This is economics.  [This is ***caring***, because if you ***really*** care, you wouldn't be whining about it](  You'd be working on it, making it happen, and if you don't have the skills yourself, you'd be hiring somebody who does.
@_date: 2019-09-02 06:05:30


That's for your software to worry about.  My friend has been looking into better pathfinding algos for LN, for example.  See:  .
The basic solution is: if at first it doesn't work, try try again.  And that's what's being considered above: the main proposal is that if some channel along the route fails, then we only need to do a small rerouting around the failing channel.  This pathfinding problem is much simpler than the generalized pathfinding problem of going from A to B.
In addition the post contains proposed tweaks to existing algorithms to reduce the number of nodes that need to be scanned in order to find the original from A to B route in the first place.
The post also rightfully points out that the problems in pathfinding are not new: real-time strategy games have had the same problems since the 90s, stealing those techniques should work.
@_date: 2017-10-17 00:58:29
Short answer: magic.
Long answer: 
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:53:25
Aww crap yeah you're right.  Mixed up the greek letters.
@_date: 2019-09-24 06:51:57
Cash, in this context, does not mean pieces of paper.
Cash means money whose transfer and control is under the supposed owner of the cash.  Money in the bank is not cash because the bank is the actual custodian and can prevent you from spending the cash.  If you're paying via a debit card or credit card, are automatically-paying the credit card from your savings account, get your salary into your savings account directly, then the money remains in the banking infrastructure and you are now "cashless": any of those transactions can be monitored, banned, delayed etc. by somebody else, i.e. the bank.  If your employer is paid via credit card/debit card, receives the money into their account, then transfers from their account to its employee's account, and every economic entity in an economy is the same, this is now a "cashless economy", since everything is now controllable by the banks.
Cash is easiest to implement using metal tokens and sheets of paper, so that's what you might naively associate as "cash".  Keep those tokens in your physical possession, and you control how and when the money flows.
But that's just one implementation.
Bitcoin strives to be a "cash" in the sense that, if you are the sole holder of the private keys of a Bitcoin UTXO, nobody else is able to stop you from spending it when and how you want.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:24:57
The public key is included in the input together with the signature.  For SegWit it's in the `witness` stack, for legacy it's in `scriptSig`.  By convention you push the signature on the stack first, then the public key.  The validation mechanism (the `P2PKH` standard script in pre-SegWit, SegWit-specific processing for 160-bit SegWit v0 addresses) hashes the public key, matches it to the required public-key-hash, then validates the signature to the public key.
@_date: 2019-09-20 03:55:48
But they started fighting over the same girl.
"Not your kiss, not your loins"
@_date: 2019-09-24 00:23:40


The difference I think is:
* You might not want to spend it *yet*, and might not have another place to withdraw it *to*.
* Turbo channels will make it noncustodial as soon as confirmed deeply, which is better than the situation of a fully custodial wallet when you don't want to spend it yet or have no other place to withdraw it to.
  * Though if you don't want to spend it yet.... Just use a normal channel?


I believe it is simply to speed things up.  The latter would be no different from a custodial wallet, the former is custodial-up-to-confirmation.
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:54:58
Ugh, disgusting man.  At most 14 years old.  Sheesh.  Your tastes are so old, you gross me out.
@_date: 2019-09-02 08:58:57
First, quantum computers are not magic.  They cannot outcompute classical computers on *every* algortihm.  They can only outcompute classical computers on algorithms that involves Shor's Algorithm as core.  Reversing the Elliptic Curve Discrete Log Problem (i.e. deriving a private key from the public key) is easier on quantum computers as that can be reduced to Shor's Algorithm.  Hashing is ***not*** easier on quantum computers.
Second, nothing will change in the long run.  Some new miners enter who managed, by hook or by crook, to get the lower-power devices earlier, and old miners who get the lower-power devices later rather than earlier will leave the market.  But in the end, what determines the security of Bitcoin is not the hashrate, it's the total cost of each block (i.e. the value of the coinbase, i.e. the block subsidy plus transaction fees).  If that cost is high (due to high transaction fees and high Bitcoin price) then the security of Bitcoin is high.  Energy consumption per unit of hardware increases efficiency temporarily, but like the Red Queen's race, it takes all of your running just to stay in the same place.
@_date: 2019-09-07 09:26:47


Wrong.  ***Banks*** are fine.  Banks just aggregate investors.  It is ***state-run CENTRAL banks*** that are the enemy, as they are the ones who issue fiat coinage and thereby extract tax via seignorage.  In fact, it is states that are the enemy of Bitcoin.  It is immaterial that, for example, on paper the US Federal Reserve is a separate entity from the United States Government.  The economic power of the US Federal Reserve means it will either take control of the US Government or the US government will take control over it.
Now, "bail-ins" and "bail-outs" are evil.  Certainly non-central banks can do "bail-ins", but unless it is widespread you can always just switch to a bank that actually serves its customers well (or stuff your cash under your mattress).  And non-central banks cannot by themselves benefit from "bail-outs", except at the behest of CENTRAL banks that lend money to them as a "last resort".
Remove the central bank, and bank-like entities will still arise and/or remain, but those entities will now have skin in the game (i.e. their mismanagement of their customer's funds means their own financial ruin, as there is no "last resort" to bail them out of unwarranted risks).  This incentivizes them to manage the customer's funds properly without unwarranted risk.
@_date: 2017-10-04 10:27:12




@_date: 2017-10-10 06:46:11
He might be referring to RBF.  Problem is, miners are going to prefer a transaction with higher fee rate than a transaction with lower fee rate: basically, RBF simply formalizes this inherent preference.  Regardless of whether or not RBF was implemented, it *will* be the policy of some miner at some point to silently drop a mempool transaction when it hears of another transaction that conflicts with it, with higher fee rate.
@_date: 2019-09-10 03:46:02
ElectrumX creates an index of addresses and what transactions and what blocks they are involved in.
Electrum queries an Electrum server (usually ElectrumX, can be Electrum Personal Server, Electrum used to have a separate "Electrum Server" but is now unmaintained/dropped since ElectrumX is more efficient) with an address, and the Electrum server provides the transactions it was involved in.
This is a little like what Neutrino enables, though the queries are mildly different.
On Electrum:
* Client: Hi server!  My address is X, can you give me the transactions involving it?
* Server: Sure thing client!  Transaction A in block M sends to it, transaction B in block N sends to it, transaction C in block O spends from it.
On Neutrino:
* Client: Hi server! I hear you have a new block M, can you give me the addresses involved in it?
* Server: Sure thing client!  Block M sends money to addresses X, Y, and Z, and spends money from addresses U, V, and W.
Both queries are difficult for a "plain" Bitcoin Core to serve since Bitcoin is organized as an ordered list of transactions.  You can easily query "what is the nth transaction in the mth block?" from how Bitcoin Core organizes the data.  So what Electrum servers do is, they iterate over all transactions, and organize a database of what addresses each transaction involves.  Then it can easily answer queries like "which transactions affect these addresses?".
@_date: 2019-09-04 06:09:57
Good thing is a thing right?
@_date: 2019-09-26 07:09:08
Fixed, sorry.
@_date: 2019-09-03 01:52:59
It's infinitely divisible.  The base layer can divide further with a hardfork, or someone can come up with a clever way to do it as a softfork.  Layers on top like Lightning already use millisatoshi as the smallest unit and that can be further divided with less effort than a base layer softfork (Lightning protocol has better ways to coordinate changes, helped massively by the fact that it does not require consensus to make changes, only agreement between direct counterparties of a channel).
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:53:36
If it's not Wasabi or JoinMarket, don't trust it.  It probably is a scam.
Wasabi is structured so it cannot steal from you and cannot ever generate server-side logs that would let third parties figure out who got which coins.  You can mix in about an hour or a few hours, you can just leave it running.
JoinMarket is decentralized though you need to mix multiple times and it takes a good amount of time to mix.
@_date: 2017-10-10 08:59:06
so like what language will we like speak in like our new like country?
@_date: 2019-09-13 08:35:50
YES LITERAL NGA.  HINDI NGAYON PERO PAGDATING NGA NG PANAHON. NYEK.  PAMBAYAD MO BITCOIN IMBES NA WALANG KWENTA PISO.
Taon-taon, liit ng liit ang barya.  Alam mo kung bakit? Kasi baba ng baba ang halaga ng piso.  Yan ang problema na inaayos ng Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-25 05:40:34
@_date: 2019-09-30 05:01:24


This is just as misleading.  We currently do not have the technology to arbitrarily lift those rocks out of the ground and utilize them.  We currently do not have the technology to venture into space and start lifting those floating bits of rock back to where we can hack them apart and utilize them.
In order to ***develop*** those technologies we need to divert our ***currently utilizable*** resources towards developing those technologies.  On the other hand if we just use those resources to develop better movie tech and get the next repeat of Transformers, then we'd die out long before we can develop better technologies.
Haven't you played any 4X games??
@_date: 2017-10-20 07:48:23
Move into local government-paid park, sell van too.
@_date: 2017-10-19 08:40:23
There are many implementations.  All of them are in alpha, not beta.  SegWit does not need to reach 100%, just needs to be activated (it already is).  The bottleneck is the fact that the SegWit debacle slowed down enthusiasm for Lightning, reducing work on it.  Now that SegWit is enabled, work on Lightning is resuming again.
Problems to be solved is mostly interfaces from the Lightning software to users (GUI) and to software (CLI/RPC).
@_date: 2019-09-19 09:57:32
Wrong question.  The real question is: can fiat ever hope to compete against Bitcoin as a hard money?
@_date: 2019-09-16 06:42:55
e-transfers are reversible.  Physical cash withdrawals and deposits, not.
Since Bitcoin is not reversible once confirmed deeply, this is an important point in doing peer-to-peer trades.
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:06:37
You can only sign if you know the private key.
You can derive the public key from the private key (`P = k * G` where `P` is the pubkey and `k` is the privkey, and `G` is a standard constant generator point).
@_date: 2019-09-24 03:28:56
P2Pool though that's pretty small and still kinda bursty.  Maybe slush's pool.
You could also ask around about betterhash pools.  Slush pool has a betterhash-based new protocol I think, not sure.  Do note that betterhash requires you, as a grinder, to run a fullnode, as transaction selection is delegated to you. 
The issue with pools is that mining pools are a centralization effect.  Most pools have the pool selecting the transactions in the blocks.  This means that people contributing hashpower to pools in exchange for money are ***not miners***: they are mere grinders, selling hashpower to the ***real*** miners, i.e. pools.  Transaction selection is an inalienable right of a miner: if you're not doing transaction selection yourself while producing hashes for money, **you are not a miner**.
This is important since the censorship-freedom analyses of Bitcoin assume miners are well-distributed and that no single miner has 51% hashpower.  Once any single miner has 51% hashpower that miner can censor the rest of Bitcoin (by forcing a softfork where the censored transactions are not even valid under the consensus rules).
In principle, BetterHash helps this since transaction selection is now with the people contributing to the pool rather than the pool itself.  There's some misgivings with this claim, however, not sure if fixed or responded to: a BetterHash pool might still ignore shares given by a pool member who provides transactions the pool wants to censor, thus forcing pool members to also censor, removing their right to select transactions and thereby making them non-miners still.
P2Pool has better assurances (there ***is*** no pool, instead a "fast" blockchain-like thing serves as the synchronization between the pool members), but it eats a good portion of the limited block space when it mines, so it's less desirable.
@_date: 2017-10-06 06:18:20
The governing body is the users, headed by developers who write code that users want to run.
Miners select transactions and effectively give a timestamp (an ordering) to the transactions.
@_date: 2017-10-23 08:27:03
In the past, 300kb blocks started causing smaller mining pools to suffer higher orphan rates, leading to many of them merging and planning to merge.
That was slowed down by Bitcoin Relay Network.  Today, the "next step" of the Bitcoin Relay Network is the Fast Internet Block Relay Engine or FIBRE.  In combination with Compact Blocks (which reduces incoming bandwidth use by about half, and greatly improves block reception latency), this supports 2Mb-&gt;3Mb blocks rather nicely (note that this about 10x the size of the old effective limit).
As it happens, physical block size of high SegWit usage can reach 2-&gt;3Mb also, which is why SegWit was calibrated to result in blocks of that size.
@_date: 2019-09-10 03:37:22
BIPs are not softforks!
BIPs are a general proposal for improving how Bitcoin is used.  This encompasses user interfaces (such as Bitcoin address standards), standards (such as how to deterministically derive multiple addresses from a single root secret key), best practices, consensus code changes, and more.
Forks are only particularly relevant for consensus code changes, which only a few BIPs are about.
Long ago, the first soft fork, which introduced P2SH, was "coordinated" simply by asking everyone to install the new version of Bitcoin software.  This caused a few problems when some miners didn't upgrade to the new version fast enough and lost money because they inadvertently accepted some transactions that were invalid with P2SH.
From the lessons learned with P2SH, BIP9 was developed, which proposes a new standard for introducing soft forks.  Miners would signal that they had upgraded to the new software by setting particular bits in the `nVersion` field of the block header.  If not enough miners signalled, then eventually the softfork would "time out" and not be activated.
However, while this worked fine with the `OP_CSV` softfork, this caused controversy with the SegWit softfork.  Some miners refused to upgrade; publicly, they claimed that SegWit did not enable a block size increase (even though it actually *did* increase the practical block size), however surmised that one *covert* (secret) form of ASICBOOST (an optimization on mining hardware) would be stopped by the SegWit due to how it constructed certain commitments, and the blocking of SegWit might have been due to that.  In any case, the greater Bitcoin community (of which the miners are only a small part nowadays) wanted SegWit to be enabled.  This was forced in BIP148, and running code with BIP148 would force SegWit to be enabled regardless of miner signalling.
From this, the proposed standard BIP8 was introduced.  BIP8 modifies BIP9 in that "time out" of the softfork would force the softfork to be activated anyway.  The intent is that the time out time frame would be very long (the P2SH timeframe was relatively short) and if miners signalled upgrading, then the softfork would be enabled "early", but regardless, after the time out it would be enabled anyway.


This could be done *theoretically*.  In practice you'll have some problems.  If you use such an "original" wallet your security is reduced (in particular, the original software had the bad "1 RETURN" bug, which allowed anybody to spend any coin without providing a signature, and was silently fixed in what would today be considered a softfork, though it was fixed "early enough" that coordinating softforks was not an issue at all --- this won't be a problem if you connect to honest nodes of the modern network as they won't accept 1 RETURN anymore, but if you get sybilled, you can be given a virtual universe where you lose all your money for no good reason).
Now in theory you could take Satoshi's original code, compile it, and then try to run it, but that code is not well optimized and will probably crash in the large 1Mb blocks we have these days.  So you'd have to apply the optimizations that were already done, which is a fairly Herculean task due to how many changes were added to support larger blocks, most of which were applied after the code was reorganized (because the original code had very bad code organization).
@_date: 2019-09-12 08:11:43
Of course he wasn't one person.  He was all of us except for Craig Steven Wright.
@_date: 2019-09-23 04:35:16
There are 2^30 possible addresses.  It's not feasible to watch them all.  That's why there's a practical gap limit that's usually about 20 to 30 only.
Basically: next time, don't do this?
@_date: 2017-10-18 08:37:29
Electrum.  Make sure to enable the option in its preferences to let you control the fees directly instead of just giving "low/medium/high" fee, which sucks.  Also, enable the option to make your transactions replaceable (replace by fee/ RBF); that way you can lowball the fee, then bump it if confirmations are slow.
I buy on localbitcoins.com locally, because it's the only exchange here that isn't a NYA NYA NYA signatory.  The bid-ask spread is higher than on the NYA NYA NYA signatory exchange (2x to 3x as high, ha), but I'm willing to pay for the higher cost. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 03:08:39
1.  "Secure enclave" simply means "chip so complicated, nobody admits they know a vulnerability".  That's why Trezor doesn't use one: they prefer security where even if the attacker knows the entire device, if they don't know your 24 words and passphrase, they *still* can't do anything.
2.  Trezor says it doesn't use the DFU for firmware update. I haven't checked the circuit though, so you'll have to trust their word on that.
3. Trezor's paranoid packaging is a GOOD THING, unlike Ledger (Ledger users have reported lousy packaging where the Ledger device itself is almost falling out of the box).  The article tries to spin it as not enough confidence in Trezor's supply chain, somehow.  Which is funny.  You could buy a Ledger, take it apart, replace it with a custom, deliberately bad circuit (e.g. lousy random generation, for instance, so you can easily crack generated keys), put it back together, then intercept a target's newly-bought Ledger and replace it with your custom job, without the target knowing if the Ledger they got was  what Ledger sent.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:05:56
It's worse than that.  Miners have every incentive to add the highest-feerate transaction they can find, RBF-flag-set or not.  And miners are the ones who decide to add or not add txes in blocks.  0-conf is simply not safe, in a world where miners want to tune every little thing in order to squeeze out profitability from their hardware.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:50:21
Better later to increase block size.
Increasing the block size reduces the number of full nodes, **and** makes it harder for new full nodes to start up.  In addition, increasing block size makes things harder for solo miners and small mining pools (they tend to experience higher stale rates at larger block sizes) --- take note that it is the existence of solo miners and small mining pools that ensures we continue to keep censorship-resistance.  If we must increase the block size, we should try to delay the increase to until we have no other real option.
At the same time, there is already technology --- Lightning, Schnorr, MAST --- under development that will increase transactions per block without increasing block size.  Lightning in particular is expected to provide 10x to 100x transaction rate without a block size increase.
Increasing the block size requires that block transmission technology increase further.  Some years back, 300kb blocks were being made, and at that size mining centralization started to appear: smaller mining pools were suffering high stale rates and planning to merge their operations.  Bitcoin Relay Network stemmed that tendency.  Today, the modern version of Bitcoin Relay Network is FIBRE.  Before we can safely boost block size, we should first ensure that FIBRE can handle the larger block size we plan to make.
Not to mention --- a mere 2X increase?  Lightning can do 10X transaction rate increase at least without a block size increase.
@_date: 2019-09-10 05:09:58
The idiom is "one and the same".
Glacier protocol is a specific protocol that uses multisignatures for better security.  Glacier is intented to be used for very-long-term cold storage.
Multisignature can be used for high-security long-term storage, or for fast offchain transmission of funds.
@_date: 2019-09-19 08:12:06


Then mining exists.  What I am arguing is that a hodler would be perfectly fine with nobody in the world mining at all, at least until they spend the coin.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:37:11
Well if you are giving a delivery address for physical goods coming from a merchant, which is almost always the case, your privacy problems are in general:
1.  You don't want the merchant learning how much money you HODL, because the merchant might, after realizing you're a whale, next time you access their website, bump up their prices, hoping you won't notice and that you'd willingly pay up the higher price because whale.
2.  You don't want other people (employers, parents, redditors, etc.) learning you bought XXXtra Slippery Lubribation Oil at around the same time you bought Fluttershy figurines, you pervert.
Onchain bitcoin badly screws both of the above:
1.  If you've got all your 100BTC in one address, and you spend a tiny fraction of it, anyone tracking that transaction can readily see that you're spending from a 100BTC hoard, thus knows you're a rich whale.
2.  If you don't properly use coin control, your wallet is likely to use the change from buying XXXtra Slippery Lubribation Oil to pay for the Fluttershy figurines, you pervert, thus linking them as being purchased by the same entity (and a leak of *either* the XXXtra Slippery Lubribation Oil merchant *or* the Futtershy figurine***s*** merchant, you pervert, will also link the fact of the other payment via the change output being spent).
Lightning at least does not have a "change address" --- forwarded payments are exact (or might have a non-returnable tip), thus different payments are generally unlinkable.  Further, at least it does not reveal your Lightning node, so the amount you have on your Lightning node is not revealed, so the fact that you are a whale with 1000 BTC in your LN node is not revealed either.
@_date: 2017-10-11 08:45:04


@_date: 2019-09-12 08:10:33
This is good research.  Basically, ZK-proofs, if they pan out, potentially allow us to make a low-resources node achieve computationally-intractable security, without downloading the entire blockchain.
Do note this is cutting-edge --- there may exist unexpected gotchas.
Anyway, a "recursive" proof is a zk-proof of another zk-proof that the prover honestly computed a particular algorithm (for example, it got the entire blockchain as input and outputted "true" as in the blockchain is in fact valid according to the rules of the blockchain).  By recursing, the proof size is smaller than if we just got the zk-proof of the prover honestly computing.
Other such recursive proofs required a tr\*sted setup (meaning some people had to gather together to generate a common reference string (basically a large randomly-generated (we hope!) number that is used by all instances of the algo in the future: you had to trust that at least one of those people took the raw data used to generate the common reference string and properly deleted all copies of it from disk, memory, swap, etc.).  In the Bitcoin world, tr\*st is a bad word and should not be used in polite company.
This paper presents a recursive proof construction that has no trusted setup, using some new techniques including the inner-product argument (which I think was also used in Bulletproofs).
@_date: 2019-09-10 09:08:36
If it fits with the principles of Bitcoin, then we'll softfork its tech into Bitcoin.  If it doesn't fit with the principles of Bitcoin, then who cares how "better" its tech is?
Softforks are pretty powerful: we've already figured out how to increase block size via softforks (just enforce a new commitment in the coinbase and add the extra data into the new commitment).  We've figured out how to switch to new hash algorithms and new block rates (exploit the timewarp bug to change the difficulty estimation of the current chain, have a parallel chain that uses the new hash algo/block rate that feeds the "current chain" with confirmed transactions).  CT is not in Bitcoin only because we're still holding out for something even smaller than Bulletproofs.  And so on.
Bitcoin is about principles: using tech to make things a little bit more equal, removing power from central institutions, removing the flawed human-run state Leviathan with a mechanical Leviathan whose every line of code is studied as closely as possible by our best and smartest developers.
Better tech is only useful if it helps us fight the state Leviathan better.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:33:04


It is helpful to remember that:
1.  Illegal != immoral
2.  What is legal today might not be legal tomorrow, and statutes of limitations might not necessarily protect you.
@_date: 2019-09-10 05:46:39
JoinMarket is decentralized: you can be a maker or a taker.  Makers wait for takers to do swaps.  Makers earn fees for waiting, while takers pay fees for not waiting.
Wasabi is centralized, but is designed so that the Wasabi server cannot get any private information (it's only accessible over Tor, for example, so the Wasabi wallet client comes with Tor and uses it to prevent leaking your IP address to the Wasabi server, and the fact it can *only* be accessed via Tor means you can't make a configuration mistake and accidentally contact via clearnet).  Also the Wasabi mixing protocol is carefully designed so that you don't have to trust the server --- if it's not working correctly in a way where you can recover the same amount as you put in, and in a private manner, then your coins remain yours and the Wasabi server cannot steal them.
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:53:10
As a decentralized currency, ideally there would *be* no such country.  It's not like the sun doesn't shine on the poor and the unpoor alike.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:23:29
The only reason China is so dominant today is because they made too many hydroelectric plants, and the factories they wanted to power with them didn't pan out.
China is trying to recoup its losses.
Taking over Bitcoin is likely to cause BTC value to drop, meaning their mining earnings drop and the costs they sunk into the hydroelectric plants is lost.
There has always been one solution to the sybil problem, and that is making every miner costly.  The cost here includes the cost of the hydroelectric plants.
By the time China (as a whole) is no longer in the red with their hydroelectric plants, other countries are likely to catch up and the hydroelectric plants are likely to be at lower efficiency (due to normal deprecation and so on) than elsewhere, eventually balancing out.
@_date: 2019-09-22 23:18:28
It's "part" of the protocol in the sense that if the transaction is unconfirmed, you can always talk to your friendly neighborhood miner and have an alternate transaction mined instead.  In particular there supposedly exists a sub-network of miners and nodes where RBF is always enforced even if the transaction does not opt-in to RBF (since RBF is always fully incentive-compatible with the miners anyway).  I think maintains a variant of Bitcoin Core that does this, unless I miscomprehended something.
Turbo channels *are* a custodial service, but note that it is custodial only up to the point that the channel is confirmed: once confirmed deeply, it becomes noncustodial, as all Lightning Network channels should be.  This is at least an improvement over fully custodial exchanges where all your money in it at all times will always and forever be your exchange's money.
Personally I would prefer a noncustodial/escrowed asset swap, then wait for confirmations on my Lightning Network channel.  If you have to wait anyway for assured noncustodiality, as in turbo channels, you might as well just wait.
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:21:57
@_date: 2019-09-30 08:10:52
Proper tumbling makes it so that it is very difficult for any server to even learn your data.  Remember, burning your data works to prevent anyone from knowing it, no amount of computational power will matter if ***there is no data to compute*** --- garbage in, garbage out.
Wasabi in particular makes it very difficult, even for the Wasabi server itself, to track your incoming and outgoing money.
* You connect twice to the Wasabi server.
  * You connect once as an input provider.
  * You connect a second time as an output claimer.
* Both times you use Tor, making it hard to track connect your "input provider" side with an "output claimer" side.
* In order to be an output claimer, you need to use a "blinded bearer signature" from the Wasabi server.
  * "blinded" means that when you request this from the Wasabi server as an input provider, you tell it to sign an *encrypted* very large number.  This "blinds" the Wasabi server.  When your output claimer side then presents the signature, the Wasabi server knows it signed (it is impossible to create the signature without the Wasabi server knowing it), but doesn't know *which* signature was used.
  * "bearer" means that the mere fact that a connection claiming to be an "output claimer" is able to provide the signature, is enough to convince the Wasabi server to let that output claimer to provide an outgoing address.
* The operation of the Wasabi server itself is checked by the input providers.
  * The transaction that does the mix requires the normal Bitcoin signature of the input providers.
  * The transaction is sent by the Wasabi server to each input provider.
  * Each input provider knows which address it used when it reconnected as an output claimer.  If that address is not paid the correct amount, it knows the Wasabi server is trying to cheat and it refuses to sign, preventing loss of funds.
Note that the Wasabi server cannot "pad" the mix with fake users easily (or rather, it has no advantage compared to some random person padding the mix with fake users connecting as input providers and output claimers multiple times). This is because it would have to give each real user its own unique mixing round, and a real user testing the Wasabi server can simply connect multiple times as input providers and check if they are on the same mixing round in order to determine if Wasabi is doing this.
Wasabi is pretty good already, you just have 0.1BTC minimum to mix, and mixes are in units of about 0.1BTC.
@_date: 2019-09-25 08:51:34
SHA256 is less vulnerable to quantum computing than ECC.
SHA256 (and most hashes for that matter) are vulnerable to Grover's algorithm, which reduces time to a square root of classical.  SHA256 grinding takes 2^256 on classical computers, but Grover's can reduce that to 2^128 .  That's not a big reduction, actually, it's not much worse than the jump from GPU to ASIC, and Bitcoin survived that.
Further, ***Bitcoin mining is not about hash/second***.  That's just the easily-measurable crap.  The ***real*** thing that makes miners competitive is ***hash/kilowatt***.
And you can bet your ass that most initial quantum computers are going to require a lot more kilowatts than classical ASICs, for a good while, to compute the same hash operation.
@_date: 2019-09-05 04:19:32
Not actually.  There is no return address in Bitcoin.  Such schemes are unreliable.
Note that money is associated to UTXOs, NOT addresses.  If your wallet has coin control (Electrum for example; if you have been using a hardware wallet's web wallet, you can just connect it to Electrum to get coin control while the private keys are still held by the hardware wallet) you can manage individual UTXOs ("coin" is a colloquial term for UTXO).  So if you suspect it's funny money, just spend the coin you suspect and send it to some burner address, such as [1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSendf59kuE]( which nobody can spend from.
Better yet, get a Wasabi installation, send the funny coin to Wasabi, and mix it there a few times then send it back to your normal wallet.  If you're okay with command-line stuff, run a JoinMarket Maker for a few days.
@_date: 2017-10-02 07:47:51
Yes, until mixed with coins spent on one network.
It's also possible, with some patience, to transmit different transactions on both networks (it's the reason why Core is already splitting btc1 from the network with 0.15.0+) spending the same UTXO.  What you do is:
1.  Put all your coins in a single UTXO pre-fork.
2.  Make two transactions that spend your single UTXO to different addresses (BOTH OF WHICH YOU SHOULD CONTROL).
3.  Send the one transaction on one network, send the other on the other network.
4.  Wait for both to get confirmed.  If the same transaction gets confirmed on both networks, go back to step 2 (the same UTXO will now exist on both networks if the same transaction went through on both).
@_date: 2019-09-22 23:31:55
ASICs are going to be more power-efficient than CPUs, simply because of the fact that they don't need to:
1.  Interpret code, that's a ton of circuits switching at all times, not to mention the internal Harvard architecture that is Von Neumanized at the cache level (i.e. your CPU has separate code and data L1 caches because it actually has separate buses for code and data, but at L2 cache level they are merged to the same memory space because the OS has to treat your programs as data it has to load first).  Imagine all the power being eaten by your code cache and your CPUs code decoder and scheduler and instruction pipeline.
2.  Have complex generic ALUs with tons of multiplexers (more circuits == more power being eaten) rather than simple direct arithmetic units just wired together in the application-specific manner (and optimized so repeated/redundant operations can be merged to a single circuit).
Any "CPU-specific" hash you make, will still be beaten by a sufficiently well-designed ASIC, which a small team of 20 people can produce in 2 years of intensive work.  I know, I've designed ASICs (though not Bitcoin mining ASICs).
But the main reason the idea is wrong is simply that mining efficiency improvements will automatically be adjusted against by the difficulty adjustment every 2016 blocks.  You are fixing a non-issue.
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:07:29
Block relay protocol might be monitored, so unsafe if the authorities are out to get you.
Although come to think of it, Tor protocol might be monitored too, so there's that, LOL.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:02:15
Lightning.  Schnorr signature non-interactive aggregation. UTXO set commitments.
@_date: 2017-10-03 08:13:18
My understanding is that at this point, Unlimited, Classic, etc will copy btc1 anyway if they want 2X compatibility.  I honestly don't know what they (unlimited, classic etc) are doing now, sorry.
All I can point you to is the discussion on bitcoin-wizards, where the conclusion is that it is pointless for them to add replay protection before-the-fact, as hardforks may still make any Core-created replay protection valid on their side of the fork, and it is the responsibility of the hardforker to actively provide replay protection.
@_date: 2017-10-12 06:17:21
As soon as there is sufficient miner votes on Unlimited to go above 2X, Unlimited will diverge from 2X and become incompatible.
They'll be compatible until then, but that's not really a very reassuring argument.
@_date: 2019-09-22 23:44:33


Copy-paste malware is known to match the first couple and last couple of characters, it's a relatively lightweight grind.  Just check all characters.
@_date: 2017-10-24 02:45:17
You won't lose it, but it is not recomnended due to privacy loss. In addition if you have spent from an address then send to that same address, you risk quantum computing hacking of private key due to public key revelation.
@_date: 2019-09-21 14:46:44
Create a softfork that simply prevents them from being spent forever.
@_date: 2017-09-08 10:04:11


The above letter is about precious metals, but precious metal is not "money" (not legal tender, anyway) and is property, yet FinCEN judges that certain terms of the transfer makes the metal used as if it were money, thus making the company a money transmitter.  The exact terms used may or may not apply to your escrow service.
Also, overseas hosting is no help; USA citizens are required to report taxes to the US government wherever they are, even local banks in third-world countries have fields in their account opening forms specially for USA citizens where they should fill in IRS information so that the banks report big money movements to the IRS.  I doubt moving the servers off-states would make the USA think you're exempt; at least you may need to get similar IRS information from your USA-citizen users.
I am not a lawyer, though, so maybe I'm just too paranoid. Before you start this, I suggest consulting one.  Fuck governments.
@_date: 2019-09-22 23:35:59


This is what we call a bug, not a feature.  If you open your laptop, you have an idea how it can be used and what happens next (your OS should boot up and let you run any applications).
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:41:05
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:54:03
Groceries.  Rides to and from office.  Lunch.  Dinner.  Breakfast.
@_date: 2017-10-17 08:53:51
Pump the price of BTC.  The higher the BTC price, the more an attacker loses (via opportunity costs --- it could have earned using that hardware rather than attacked the network) in a 51% attack.  In addition, the higher the BTC price, the more attractive mining is to ordinary people, increasing the threshold to attack.
@_date: 2017-10-09 07:17:16
Yes, in libsecp256k1, my understanding is this is used by Core for signature validation.  Here's a C file with inline asm for x86-64:
Though there is an ARM asm file too:
@_date: 2017-10-24 04:23:30
History of Bitcoin Relay Network, FIBRE, and mining pool centralization: Well, that's hard, for some reason... Here's a few pages with some background, but only hints of history...
edit: also: 
Maybe the people who worked on this/lived through this can give better sources or better views of the history: @_date: 2019-09-09 10:47:34
Actually all we need is a "lock" softfork that prevents pre-quantum-resistant addresses from being spent from forever, thereby effectively  burning those coins.  No need for hardfork.
However, a design principle of Bitcoin is that coins that are spendable now, with some amount of security, should remain spendable in the future, thus such a locking softfork would be very contentious.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:45:52


@_date: 2019-09-11 12:07:46
Here's a bunch of my posts: 
@_date: 2019-09-30 07:55:15
Me, 6 years ago :(
@_date: 2019-09-24 01:58:30
Looks like I misunderstood the question.  You were asking about signing an arbitrary non-transaction message?  In that case, I don't actually know.  There's some sort of public key recovery used, in which case presumably the public key also gets revealed with that, but that's the extent of my knowledge.
@_date: 2019-09-21 14:50:06


The other LN node will also need to have its `xprv` exposed too.  That other LN node will have to be exposed to the public network somehow.
@_date: 2017-10-02 07:32:46
2X nodes will stall at a particular blockheight until it receives a &gt;4Mweight block.
Since hardforks tend to prevent people from transacting, it's likely to also take quite a bit of time until some miner gets a &gt;4Mweight block.
@_date: 2019-09-26 08:41:21
Fraudulent how?
If the block is invalid according to consensus rules --- for example if it tries to claim 25BTC instead of 12.5BTC for the block subsidy --- then nobody else will build on top of it.
Proof-of-work is only *one* desiderata for block validity, and is in fact less interesting than consensus (i.e. the rules for what blocks and transactions and scripts are valid).
If nobody then builds on top of your block, then your coinbase will never mature (it takes 100 blocks for it to be allowed to be spent) and you will never earn your coins.
You thus have spent real goods (electricity) and earned nothing of value.
This is why economic entities (merchants and users of the coin) hold miner's balls in their hands.  If they reject the block from validity, no other rational miner will build on top of that block and the miner loses out on money.
@_date: 2019-09-17 03:50:15
The best time to enter BTC was 8 years ago.  The next best time is now.
@_date: 2019-09-30 23:10:20
[`IsStandard`]( is a function that determines whether a `scriptPubKey` is standard or not.
A transaction which has *any* output that has a non-standard `scriptPubKey` will not be propagated by standard Bitcoin Core releases, and will not be put in their local mempool.  This vastly lowers their chance of reaching any miner and being mined.
With that said, miner cooperation can be used to get *any* valid non-standard transaction to be mined.
In the old days `IsStandard` did not exist at all and you could make arbitrary scripts directly on `scriptPubKey`.  Nowadays you are subtly pushed to make arbitrary scripts on a P2SH or P2WSH instead.  On testnet and regtest (and probably signet?) `IsStandard` checks are disabled.
The intent is that non-standard `scriptPubKey` may eventually be simply disabled at a later softfork, though this has never been done.
@_date: 2017-10-12 00:54:45
Wouldn't S3X be better?
@_date: 2017-10-23 04:07:21
Proof of work
@_date: 2019-09-25 08:38:10
This does not make sense.  If the transaction in the overpool is signed by only one participant, and that participant is not me, then that other participant can sign a different version of the transaction and push it to Jihan Wu together with a couple dozen thousand extra satoshi.  How does overpool prevent this?
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:09:32
He's abrasive. but seems to have Bitcoin's interests to heart at least.  I believe worked closely with PaulSztorc before.
I'm not sure the incentives of sidechain miners align with mainchain miners.  At the least mainchain miners can outright steal the sidechain (especially if other mainchain miners do not care about *any* sidechains at all), willingly sacrificing sidechain fees (which by necessity would be smaller than the total value in the sidechain, and it's the total value in the sidechain that's possible to steal) in exchange for stealing the entire sidechain fund.
Further, it's possible for a small mainchain miner to potentially bribe other miners to cooperate with the theft, by the magic of HTLCs.
Under BIP300 any miner may propose a withdrawal from a sidechain.  A miner wanting to initiate theft from a sidechain proposes a withdrawal to a single P2SH output with a condition "pay out to &lt;stealing miner&gt; if it can provide the preimage to &lt;hash&gt;", for the entire value of the sidechain.
Then, the initiating miner approaches each big miner and offers an HTLC "pay out to &lt;bribed miner&gt; if it can provide the preimage to &lt;hash&gt;, OR pay out to &lt;stealing miner&gt; after block N" where block N is the last possible block where it can claim the withdrawal, plus a few hundred blocks in case.
If the bribed miners cooperate, then the stealing miner takes the entire sidechain funds, revealing the preimage, with which the bribed miners can now claim their share of the ill-gotten funds.
The precommitment of the initiating miner (i.e. it has to locks its funds in the HTLCs until the theft attempt succeeds or fails) assures the bribed miners that the initiating miner is serious and will indeed drive attempts to push the theft attempt through.
The honest sidechain miners can only fight back by offering larger fees to the mainchain miners.  But the fees they offer cannot be larger than the sidechain total value in total, unless they are willing to pay for the security out of their own pocket (which is not going to happen).  Mainchain miners susceptible to bribing (all of them, they only care about earnings) will accept bribe attempts from thieves (which can be larger since they can steal the entire sidechain funds amount) than from honest sidechain miners (which cannot be larger than the sidechain fees, which by necessity must be less than the entire sidechain funds amount).
See: 
@_date: 2019-09-03 03:32:20
Let's crank some numbers.
Current Bitcoin has 8,350,000 terahashes per second.  That's 8,350,000,000,000,000,000 hashes per second.  Suppose you have 1 hash per second (this is absolutely pathetic and a 16-bit device some decades old can outhash that).  That means every 10 minutes, you have a 1 / 8,350,000,000,000,000,000 chance of winning an entire block's coinbase.  On average it will take you 83,500,000,000,000,000,000 minutes to get a block, or 158,757,319,948,285 years.
Now, in order to crack a private key you need on average 2^128 tries, or 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 tries.  Suppose you can do 1,000,000,000,000 (1 trillion) tries per second because you happen to have a spare supercomputer in your back pocket that you're not using.  So you need 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607 seconds to try, or 107,828,975,245,563,180,806 years.
I want you to compare these two numbers:
* 158,757,319,948,285 years to get a new block mining with a badly obsolete hardware.
* 107,828,975,245,563,180,806 years to crack a public key with an unimaginabily fast supercomputer.
@_date: 2017-10-23 01:45:15
Bitcoin P2PKH, P2SH, P2WPKH, and P2WSH are quantum resistant, **unless you reuse addresses**.  Do not reuse addresses: receive once, pay once.
Hashes are quantum immune as far as we know.  Since P2PKH, P2SH, P2WPKH, and P2WSH all use hashes (it's the H at the end of their names), they are quantum resistant (there's a window between broadcasting a spend of those addresses to that transaction being confirmed on the blockchain where the addresses are attackable, due to having to publish the public keys, but we expect that quantum computers will still take a long time to break public keys, the issue is that before quantum computers breaking public keys to their private keys would have taken greater time than the age of the universe, quantum reduces that time by several orders of magnitude).
Elliptic curve cryptography is known to be quantum-vulnerable --- Shor's algorithm means the discrete log problem can be solved in 128^3 steps rather than 2^128.  I must admit that I have no idea what the syllables "Shor's algorithm", "discrete log problem", and "steps" are, they just sound cool.  EC crypto affects ECDSA (the current Bitcoin standard uses ECDSA under the elliptic curve secp256k1) and Bellare-Neven signatures (more commonly known colloquially as "Schnorr" signatures, but Schnorr is kind of a jerk \[[Dryja, T., 2017](
Fortunately, signature schemes are easy to swap out --- we can replace some OP_NOP with a new signature scheme, or (with SegWit) use a different script version for a new signature scheme.  Unfortunately, the quantum-resistant signature schemes we know of take a lot of space --- kilobytes for a signature, compared to 64 bytes for ECDSA/Bellare-Neven (Bellare-Neven even has the nice property that multisig N-of-N is always 64 bytes no matter how large N you use, so the kilobyte signatures of Lamport are a heavy, heavy load and will probably be the major problem when quantum computing arrives).
Someone else also pointed out that Quantum also breaks TLS, and that would be harder to fix than Bitcoin (because we added script versions in SegWit, which makes it easy to add quantum-resistant public-private signatures).
@_date: 2019-09-13 08:34:09
So?  The proper response is to fix your entropy source.  The bug is irrelevant.
A central register of addresses has to be paid for and maintained, and is a poor solution compared to just making sure your entropy source is in fact an entropy source.
@_date: 2017-10-11 03:26:33


@_date: 2017-09-21 07:28:57
DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES
@_date: 2017-10-17 08:23:36
No, because:
1.  The other cryptocurrencies usually have smaller dev teams than Bitcoin.
2.  The other cryptocurrencies have to compete against Bitcoin's network effect.  A few websites now accept Bitcoins for payment, and there are more places that accept Bitcoin than the other cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2019-09-04 05:48:49
Wash your money using Wasabi and/or JoinMarket.  Wasabi is easier to use but you have to have your money in units of about 100mBTC, JoinMarket requires you to be comfortable running command-line software and waiting.
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:54:28
exists and is linked in the sidebar even.
@_date: 2017-10-15 07:00:23
Electrum lets you make a watch only wallet that can generate addresses without access to private keys. For your offline wallet, get the Master Public Key, then use the Master Public Key to generate the watch only wallet on your online computer.
@_date: 2017-10-05 07:11:27


Agreements can be kept fine.  Just use a proper construction for Bitcoin SCRIPT, and you're golden.
Want to make a proper construction to ensure 2X goes through by paying money if it does?  For the case that you, an individual, are paying another individual to make sure 2X passes, make the transactions below:
1.  The first transaction gets from your funds and pays to a 2-of-2 multisig.  Do NOT sign this transaction yet.  Give the unsigned version out to your counterparty.  SegWit means you can write a transaction without signing it, and refer to it.
2.  Create a "2X succeeds" transaction.  This is a &gt;4Mweight transaction that spends the output of the first transaction, and pays it to your counterparty.  Pad it with `"Fucking Core!" OP_RETURN` outputs to reach the needed weight.  Sign it and give it to your counterparty.
3.  Have your counterparty create a "2X fails" transaction.  This transaction has an `nLockTime` well after the fork point (say a month or two past the fork point).  It pays the funds back to you.  If the other transaction can't be transmitted because no network accepts a &gt;4Mweight transaction even after 2 months after forkday, then this recovers your money because obviously the 2X fork failed.  Have your counterparty sign this transaction and send it to you.
4.  After receiving the "2X fails" recovery transaction, sign the first transaction (the funding transaction) and transmit it over the Bitcoin network for confirmation.
Tada, now you have given a concrete economic incentive to someone to ensure 2X pulls through.  In addition, the protocol above can be aborted after any step without loss of funds or ransom risk.
In order to make this a "bond"-type agreement (i.e. they pay up if 2X fails (equivalent to losing litigation for not achieving the terms of the agreement) and recover their funds if 2X succeeds) just make the source of the funds the one who is ensuring 2X success.
Agreements can be kept.  You just have to teach the Bitcoin network how to determine if agreements were kept correctly.
Also: /s ;)
@_date: 2019-09-10 04:59:30
Sabi mo "Filipino miners" tinignan mo ba mabuti title ng post mo?
@_date: 2019-09-10 03:19:46
Sabi ko, mahal kuryente dito, walang kita ang pag-mina.
Maliban na lang kung me bukid ka ng mga "solar panel" dyan-dyan siguro?
@_date: 2019-09-25 04:15:28
I think the reason you're getting what appear to you to be conflicting answers is that "anonymity" is not a Boolean True or False property.
"anonymity" simply means you have control over who knows about something you did, i.e. you can stop people from learning about what you did and tell only select people.  To the extent you can do that, you have some anonymity.
Lightning payments themselves have very good anonymity for the payer, and reasonably good anonymity for the payee. From the point of view of a forwarding node through which you routed, anyone could be the payer though it is unlikely you would be very far from the payee.  The payee can be known to be any node within some number of hops from the forwarding node.  The payee itself has absolutely no idea where the payer is: it could be directly channeled to them, or 10 hops away.
Of course, if somebody issues an invoice that you then pay over Lightning, that somebody might insist on getting your full name, rank, serial number, address, gender, etc. before giving an invoice.  In which case you are no longer practically anonymous to the payee.
Further, if you use unpublished channels, the other node in the unpublished channels *knows* you are the payer, because nobody else could possibly use that unpublished channels.  It can monitor the timing and size of your payments, and might be able to have a guess of where the payee is on the network.  Unpublished channels are often called "private" channels, but they aren't: the privacy issues with unpublished channels are *different* from published channels, not better, so it's not good to call them "private" channels.
@_date: 2019-09-13 06:55:35
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:26:38
I'll believe that when the actual private key is published.
Also, with that technique, it bloats the block size with transactions that are definitely not economic activity.  I mean, the mempool is empty, then you add some transactions that would have been unneeded if the solution wasn't such a fuck-up.
Blacklisting `"NO2X" OP_RETURN` is strictly superior.
@_date: 2017-10-04 06:16:16
Unfortunately it is unhealthy for the BTC side of the fork.  People will put 1-satoshi outputs paying to that address (because why the fuck would you pay anything higher than that).  The address is in-principle spendable on BTC, and cannot be pruned safely unless we prevents spends *from* that address (i.e. blacklist it).
I mean, this solution is a big WTF.  2X adds a blacklist preventing paying *to* that address, so now BTC, in order to prevent too many useless UTXOs from bloating its database, needs to blacklist preventing paying *from* that address.
Why didn't they just make it a consensus rule that `"NO2X" OP_RETURN` was disallowed instead?  At least `OP_RETURN` is pruneable.
@_date: 2019-09-05 04:11:44
Say you want to be prepaid 1% with Bitcoin first and are willing to reduce your fee to just 5% if so.  Scam the scammer.  Then if they send the check, burn it.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:37:47
Strategy-4 reduces strategy-2 miner profitability if strategy-2 miners run sidechain nodes.  That's an advantage: strategy-2 miners bought extra equipment and extra bandwidth, strategy-4 miners don't.  Lower costs = increased revenue.  Imposing cost on competitor = increasing revenue relative to competitor.  In a competition, it doesn't matter if you took 30 days or 10 seconds to finish the race, *all that matters is that the second-fastest guy took longer than you*.
BMM lets strategy-2 miners not run sidechain nodes but does not let strategy-2 miners know which way to vote.  For a miner to know for certain, it needs to run a sidechain node.  So I don't see the point of BMM except for altcoins that want to be merge-mined on Bitcoin.


If a small coalition blocks withdrawals, any sidecoins owned (whether earned by fees or imports) will become less valuable as they cannot be withdrawn.  The sidecoins go lower in price, as fewer people demand it due to fear of not being able to reclaim their sidecoin as maincoin.  Honest strategy-2 miner's earnings dwindle until the cost of operating the sidechain node exceeds the earning on the sidecoin.  They then either do strategy-1 (don't participate in voting), or adopt strategy-4 (downvote all withdraws) themselves.
The problem with drivechains and blind merged mining is the disconnect between voting and "blind" merge mining.  With BMM, a miner can do:
1.  Not accept BMM, not vote.
2.  Not accept BMM, operate their own sidechain node, mine sidecoin, and vote correctly.
3.  Not accept BMM, always upvote (i.e. allow theft).
4.  Not accept BMM, always downvote (i.e. strangle).
5.  Accept BMM, not vote.
6.  Accept BMM, operate their own sidechain node, and vote correctly. (not mine sidecoin directly: they get paid in maincoin by sidecoin-only miners).
7.  Accept BMM, always upvote (i.e. allow theft).
8.  Accept BMM, always downvote (i.e. strangle).
3 and 7 will mean that non-verifying miners will be (inadvertently) complicit in theft.  Drivechains have 1008-block cycles ostensibly to protect against theft, so that someone can "raise the alarm" and tell miners to downvote a particular theft withdrawal, but that sounds too much like centralized collusion to me.
Strategy 8 will dominate over strategy 6, since the miner does not have to run a sidechain node (reduced cost) while still earning the same as strategy 6.
Strategies 5-&gt;8 are all strictly superior to 1-&gt;4, so BMM does not really change anything: strategy 8 (equivalent to strategy 4 if BMM is not implemented) will still choke strategy 6 (equivalent to strategy 2 if BMM is not implemented)
It seems Drivechain's security model is: miners always upvote by default.  If a theft withdrawal is done on the mainchain, some sidechain nodes call up their miner friends (which makes me worry about miner centralization) to downvote it instead.
The problem is: what if after a theft withdrawal is defeated, another theft withdrawal is done?  And another, and another?  This weakens the peg: while a theft withdrawal is on-going, a genuine withdrawal can't be posted (at least as I understand Sztorc's explanation).  This chokes the sidechain withdrawal.
The difference from maincoin is that attempts to choke the block are somewhat costly and a maincoin user can offer a higher transaction fee to beat the spam.  If side-&gt;main is choked, no amount of sidecoin can be offered to beat the spammed theft transactions.
I don't know, it seems like very weak security to me.
@_date: 2019-09-12 06:18:58
Depends on your time horizon.  For long term sure.  For short term, no.
@_date: 2019-09-12 05:37:46
only four confirmations, not yet crediting the account, sorry, you need to wait for 6 confirms.
@_date: 2017-10-20 07:47:34
Spend and replace.
@_date: 2019-09-21 14:45:34
The issue with switching to a quantum-resistant address is that there will be tremendous amounts of blockchain space needed.
@_date: 2019-09-30 23:01:50
So: if you're connected to a few nodes (because everyone else keeps spamming you with fake "this block is invalid!" claims), then it turns out they're miners who are inflating the coin supply under you, ***nobody*** can connect to you and say "hey those  guys you are talking to are lying, here, have the block where they inflate the coins"?
Because I suspect that can be arranged with a sufficiently large botnet.  Have some members of the botnet spam everyone with faked invalid-block claims, have others completely block out all invalid-block claims (faked and true), until most of the SPV network connects to those who block out all invalid-block claims (including true ones), then make invalid blocks.
The point of a fraud proof is that no matter how much processing power an adversary can have, they' can't make a fake compact fraud proof at all.  It's why it's a fraud ***proof*** and not a fraud ***claim***.  What you're proposing is the latter.
@_date: 2017-10-05 02:27:15
Ah, I see \^\^  Thanks for the info!
@_date: 2017-10-20 05:09:11


"Proof-of-work", even.
We should follow the chain with most proof-of-work!  And when I say "chain", I mean github repository, and when I say proof-of-work, I mean code commits. \^\^
@_date: 2017-10-20 05:03:33
1.  Show up at the doorstep of the central tumbling wallet with armed men with guns and force the owner to log all transactions for you, or else.
2.  Run one of the central tumbling wallets yourself.
3.  Work with probabilities and Bayes equation.  Start with the prior probability distribution that each output has a 1% chance of belonging to any particular user.  Trace them through, and if some dumb idiot joins a tumbled coin with a non-tumbled coin, you increase the posterior probability of that tumbled coin belonging to that dumb idiot and reduce the posterior probability of the other tumbled coins being that dumb idiot, eroding their security.  Keep tracing until you have much better-than-guessing probabilities with which to judge which address belongs to whom.
@_date: 2017-10-02 05:49:21
.... you do know how the movie ended, right?
@_date: 2017-10-20 04:11:12
LOL.  To me "down" is "depressed".  Of course, why would anyone be depressed over receiving free money?  So I thought, maybe he means "down for doing it" or some other slangy term.
@_date: 2017-10-27 05:57:08
You're mapping 2^256 possible inputs into 2^160 possible outputs.  What do you think?
@_date: 2019-09-11 12:03:44
Why do you want to know? Do you want to exploit it too?
If you are a non-developer user, all you need to know is what was announced: C-lightning &gt;= 0.7.1 is fixed, lnd &gt;= 0.7.1 is fixed, eclair &gt;= 0.3.1 is fixed.  If you are running those, you're fine.  If you're using some other wallet, ask them what their backend is (it's probably one of the above 3) and whether they've updated.
If you are a developer user, why should the LN devs trust you with that information unless you are working for a big LN node or something?
@_date: 2019-09-12 07:57:46
1.  China made a lot of hydroelectric plants because they planned to connect a bunch of factories to them.
2.  Hydroelectric plants in China get completed by government funding.
3.  Actual factories fail to get completed.
4.  A wild Bitcoin mining rig appears!
5.  China captures the Bitcoin mining rig in a pokeball and placed them near their hydroelectric plants.
6.  Bitcoin mining rig earns money!
8.  Hydroelectric plants are otherwise unuseable and are just drags on the economy if they don't have the Bitcoin mining rigs.
7.  If China attacks Bitcoin, Bitcoin mining rig stops earning money and China is back with a bunch of useless hydroelectric plants.
9.  People aren't stupid, even the Chinese leadership realizes this.
@_date: 2019-09-20 03:54:09
The letter is ~~omicron~~Omega.  Ohm is a unit of electrical resistance, shortened as ~~omicron~~Omega.
Resistance, resistance.... resistance to state controls.... likey.
@_date: 2019-09-21 15:07:12
Most people in first world countries, including probably yours, will not see the true value of hard money.
In countries where inflation is high and makes the money particularly soft, you'll find much stronger adoption.  See Argentina and Valenzuela and various third-world countries.
In short: first world problems man.
@_date: 2019-09-09 11:01:35


Relevant: 
@_date: 2019-09-24 06:19:09


If you believe you can do better than expert developers who spend most of their waking moments thinking about Bitcoin code, I have this bridge to sell you.
Expertise exists and has a cost.  Either hire a developer and get a clue, or keep going with your broken business plan.
@_date: 2017-10-09 02:13:51
Satoshi Nakamoto is dead.  What is dead may never die, but rises again, harder and stronger.
Wait, what
@_date: 2017-10-18 22:59:15


Did you not read this sentence?
Charges for currency conversion are 5% at least. Yes, my country sucks and it is not the United States of America. Magic borderless Internet money FTW!
As for cash... that would probably require in person trades. I can't afford the plane ticket.
@_date: 2017-10-02 05:45:53


Or Bitcoin.  Heck you could even be Satoshi Nakamoto this time....
Oh shit I just realized something.... Satoshi Nakamoto TOOK THE FUCKING RED PILL
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:09:13
@_date: 2017-10-10 06:50:32
But muh free coins!
@_date: 2019-09-30 07:08:45


How do you know the previous block *has* a valid UTXO set unless you also validate *its* previous block?
The previous block only *claims* to have a particular valid UTXO set.
Presumably you  are relying on the earliest invalid block being given a fraud proof?
Now, suppose the fraud does not involve UTXO set shenanigans.  For example, suppose the invalid block has a subsidy of 1,000,000,000,000 satoshi instead of the current 125,000,000.  How do you prove it?  You have to show the entire block and show that the sum of fees does not justify the 1,000,000,000,000,000 satoshi being emitted by the coinbase.
Now suppose I want to waste your SPV node's bandwidth.  I say "hey look at block N, it's overpaying the subsidy!" to you.  You download it, and it turns out that block N is ***completely legit***.  You just wasted downloading the block N and verifying using normal C code that the fees are perfectly correct.
Suppose I have a few hundred thousand computers in my back pocket (because I run a botnet and most people use Windows).  I connect each of them one by one to your node, have each one say "hey look at block N, it's overpaying the subsidy" for every block that comes in.  Your node isn't sure if it's somebody honestly concerned about miners cheating the rules, and since I have a different IP each time it can't ban the IP of my next faked node, so it feels obligated to go download each block as it comes in.  Congratulations, you are now running a fullnode on a device you wanted to be SPV.
So the fraud proof needs to include a **proof** from me, that indeed block N is overpaying the subsidy.  You can't just depend on the UTXO set.  You need to require that claims-that-block-N-is-invalid are backed by a *proof* that it is invalid, and the proof should be less than the size of a block (i.e if you have to download the entire block in order to verify my claim (that the block is invalid) is true or untrue) or else you might as well run a fullnode (because some wog is going to do this and spam your node with "hey look at block N, it's invalid!" claims).
That's why fraud proofs are so hard --- you have to show some proof, ***smaller than one block***, that the block is invalid, else you might as well just fullnode and avoid the ability to be spammed with invalid claims of invalidity.
Or in other words: the block itself is a fraud proof.  The point of what we colloquially call a fraud proof is to be *smaller than one block*.
~~Or how about "hey look, block N has one transaction that is not signed correctly!"?  And so on.  That's why proper fraud proofs require *all* rules to be provable.  If not, you fall back to unverifiable claims that can only be resolved by downloading the block in full.  And if somebody decides to write a little bit of software that spams unverifiable claims, then all "SPV" nodes end up downloading every block anyway, i.e. fullnoding.~~
For that matter we don't need to download the whole block if you're going to talk about UTXO shenanigans, e.g. a fraud proof of spending a nonexistent UTXO requires only:
* Proof-of-nonexistence of the putative UTXO.
* Merkle tree root path of invalid block's merkle tree root to a transaction.
* The transaction, which spends the UTXO that does not exist.
This is far smaller than a block, and thus in scope for a fraud proof.
Similarly, an invalid spend of an existing UTXO (i.e. not signed properly) can be proven:
* Proof-of-existence of the UTXO.
* The transaction being spent.
* Witness merkle tree root path of invalid block to transaction doing the spending.
* The transaction doing the spending.
If the the transaction doing the spending does not properly fulfill the SCRIPT of the transaction output being spent, then the fraud proof is valid and the block should be dropped from consideration (again, there is no need to download the *whole* block).
But for inflation attempts (which are *precisely* the deadliest attack), I cannot derive a simple fraud proof that "all transactions in block have fees that sum to less than the coinbase minus subsidy" without revealing all the transactions in the block.
And proofs have to be smaller than one block, otherwise there's no point in having them at all, you might as well just fullnode.
@_date: 2017-10-04 04:54:05
Because gmax has an awesome neckbeard and they're all jealous of it.
@_date: 2017-10-02 02:20:18
Someone who thinks being rich protects them, and being poor means you can be bought and sold.
@_date: 2017-05-13 03:14:29
As a non-USA citizen, I cannot approve of your USA-centralization.  Either such an organization as NSA helps us all, or they are only hurting us.  Let us consider more humanity, than merely the USA.
@_date: 2019-09-10 06:02:24
Bitcoin: making hard drug users quit their drug habit after the coin price explodes.
@_date: 2019-09-10 09:45:39
It uses the homomorphic property of points and scalars.
The public key is a point (two large numbers on a 2-d field), typically represented by large letters, and a private key is a scalar (a single large number) typically represented by small letters.  You can do these operations:
* Add, subtract, multiply, and divide scalars (they're just single numbers and you're just literally doing elementary math, except on very large numbers that wrap around when they overflow) resulting in scalars.
* Multiply a scalar by a point, resulting in a point (e.g. A = a * G).
* Add two points together, resulting in a point.
Crucially, you cannot divide a point by a point 
Now, let's tell you some things about how these all work:
* There's a special point, called the Generator Point, G.  This is just an arbitrary point on the 2-d field.
   * A private key is a scalar.  The public key is that scalar times the generator point G.  So typically you will say e.g. A = a * G.
   * From the public key point (e.g. A) it is not possible to compute the scalar.  You might do algebra and get a = A / G, but you can't divide a point by a point.  This is called the "Discrete Log Problem", and solving this will let us divide a point by a point, and it is conjectured to be computationally intractable if we use classical (non-quantum) computers.
* When we add two points together, it is "homomorphic" to addition on the scalars.
   * Say we do X = A + B where A and B are two points such that A = a * G and B = b * G.  Then X = (a + b) * G = A + B = (a * G) + (b * G).
* There exists a function h(), called a hash function.  Inside it, we can concatenate some things together using the syntax (x | y | z) to mean the concatenation of x, y, and z.  So for example if we write h(A | b) it means we serialize the point A (represent it using some bytes) and serialize the scalar b and concatenate them together.
   * The hash function results in a scalar value, no matter what its input is.
   * The hash function we use is called SHA512-HMAC.
So let's say you have a public and private keypair A = a * G.
Now, addresses require you to simply generate a new public key, based on your existing public and private keypair.  This existing keypair is your "parent" key, while the generated public and private keys are "child" keys.
This generation includes a short scalar value i.  This is just an arbitrary index.  By convention this is limited to 2^31 possible values, starting with 0.
* Suppose you want to generate a child public key from your parent public key.
  * The ith child P[i] = A + h(A | i ) * G
* Suppose you want to generate a child private key from your parent private key.
  * Compute A = a * G (the public key)
  * The ith child p[i] = a + h(A | i) * G
The ***actual*** addresses used by modern wallets are actually derived from child public keys.
For reference:
*  - describes the actual calculations in detail. Note that a child keypair can itself be the parent of another child keypair, hence "hierarchical derivation" or "HD".
*  - convention for how to perform hierarchical derivation for wallets.  Also describes exact convention for P2PKH address derivation.
*  - exact convention for P2SH-SegWit address derivation.
*  - exact convention for Native SegWit address derivation.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:38:38
That would increase your operational overhead (and probably total salaries) over just getting an expert developer though.
And even a team of average developers would snark behind a manager's back when the manager insists on implementing a feature nobody is using.  But if they're going to get paid for it they'll do it anyway, expert or average.
In any case: if it's so important to you, ****go hire a team of average developers to implement it****.  Nobody is taking away options here, it's users who aren't taking the option anyway and we are just removing it because of lack of usage and reduced maintenance burden.
This is software you get for free.  You want something you would value as "better" than this?  Pay for it.
@_date: 2017-05-18 23:56:15
buy the dip!!!
@_date: 2019-09-13 07:53:26
Oh, really?
There are 2^256 private keys.
That means you have a chance of doing so that is equal to 1 out of 115,792,089,237,316,195,423,570,985,008,687,907,853,269,984,665,640,564,039,457,584,007,913,129,639,936.
For reference, winning a 6-of-42 lottery jackpot (matching all 6 numbers, out of 42 possible numbers) is only 1 out of 3,776,965,920.
This means that your chance of getting any particular private key is equal to the chance of you winning 8 different lotteries.
Try your luck!
@_date: 2017-05-12 22:37:52
It will again tarnish the reputation of this technology.
We should really point out that the problem isn't Bitcoin, the problem is NSA hacking our computers and closed proprietary software.
The problem is that this will put the horns effect on Bitcoin.  There are people I know who refuse to use Bitcoin simply because they associate it with pedophiles buying child porn on the Internet.
@_date: 2019-09-24 06:01:53
Wow!  One of the elite!  Please let me into your citadel in the future as a slave, you are so elite.
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:34:58
Jihan Wu AD=9999
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:11:46
Bitcoin is power?
@_date: 2017-05-15 09:58:12
Lightning enables cross-channel networking, which basically means you can pay Peter to pay Paul, without having to open a channel to Paul.  You can take the time to make a direct channel if you expect to send more to Paul in the future, but for one-time spends, you can use existing channels and route through multiple nodes to pay the final destination.
@_date: 2017-05-24 02:46:49
Looks like arcrad has picked a side.  The propaganda against sad has succeeded.  Sad and doesn't further a solution.
@_date: 2017-05-19 09:57:32
The scaling sh\*t would be a nerd joke among the bitcoin wizards if all time highs never occurred. We only have a scaling problem *because* people value bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:11:52
what the.....................................
Seriously, world?  Seriously?  SpaceX is related to.....
I need a drink.
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:42:56
Pretty clever way to create a multi-factor seed paper ^^.
@_date: 2017-05-02 02:54:45
For now, miners are blocking it.
BIP8 proposes to change miner voting from "miners can say when upgrade activates or prevent activation entirely" to "miners can speed up activation but it will activate nevertheless by $DATE".
To my understanding, if SegWit fails activation this year, a new SegWit rollout using BIP8 will be done targeting next year.
@_date: 2017-05-06 13:24:49
Miners get a mining subsidy even with empty blocks.
Perhaps the only thing that will stop this is a hardfork that completely removes the block subsidy.
@_date: 2017-05-03 14:53:46
Looks like Japan has picked a side.  The propaganda against Yen has succeeded.  Sad and doesn't furnish a solution.
@_date: 2017-05-08 08:24:01
Bad. Miners have their own higly optimized overlay network for sending blocks to other miners. Plus you'd quickly chainsplit yourself off into an empty chain.
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:35:28
I don't know.  The original post used Molly as an example and referred to her with, well, "her", so I just copied the convention from the original post.
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:15:23
Your understanding is still wrong.  The total (SegWit+non-SegWit) &lt;= 2Mb.  Also, the total weighting\_function(SegWit) + weighting\_function(non-SegWit) &lt;= 4Mweight.
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:25:52
Don't know about exchanges - I use localbitcoins and do relatively small trades - but re: this:


Yes, this makes sense.  Alternatively, buy a hardware wallet like Trezor, Ledger, or KeepKey (you'll be able to afford one, and besides, you'll keep a few BTC around, right?), and sweep it into the wallet.  Those are not scannable by malware.
@_date: 2017-05-01 23:57:58
....aaand  boom, headshot.  Yes, I understand, those people, what they're doing, not in the interest of your people, eh?
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:46:21
It's a delaying tactic.  Bit 1 is SegWit that can be activated this year.  Bit 4 is SegWit that can be activated after Rootstock rewrites Bitcoin, coupled with a HF this year.
UASF BIP148
@_date: 2017-05-24 02:45:03
So.... which one then?  Remember, ***all*** of them need to run a ***single*** set of code.
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:54:04
It's starting to get mainstream, and mainstream is insane
@_date: 2017-05-15 10:15:30
Oh, great.  The fee market is gameable.
Other miners don't even need to coordinate with the spamming miner.  They can use the naive, maximal-earning, greedy-get-highest-tx-fee-rate algorithm, and it would automatically just skim "real" txs whose users are desperate enough...
And even if the real users' tx's are depleted... the spammer has a chance that she'll mine her own transactions, meaning she has a chance it'll be costless to her.
We have a situation where an auction is being held for a scarce resource, and it's possible, even easy, for the people selling via the auction to plant agents whose only purpose is to goad people into bidding wars.  What are the game-theoretic hacks that prevent such a thing from occurring in an auction, are there any?
Paging @_date: 2017-05-08 00:12:41
Blockstream!!!!!!  RBTC IS TRUE IT'S A CONSPIRACY BY AXA AND BILDERBORG!!!
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:35:16
The problem is the ratio between block-propagation-plus-verification time and typical-block-rate.  If the ratio of (propagate+verify)/(time per block) becomes much larger than 0.1, there is significant risk that a verifying node can never catch up to the blocks being mined, effectively forcing that node off the network.  With fewer nodes, many attacks on the network become easier.
Increasing block size increases (propagate+verify), increasing block rate reduces (time per block), both increase the ratio and risks nodes falling off the network.  Given that miners are lazy and stopped actually verifying each other's blocks, reducing the verifying nodes is a risk of completely invalidating the entire Bitcion network.
Edit:  , section 6.1
@_date: 2017-05-15 22:22:07
First, the current LN requires SegWit, because it was designed to take advantage of bugfixes that SegWit has.  It's possible, with a lot of difficulty, to make LN run without SegWit (with some downsides), but it's effort that could have been used elsewhere.
Second, LN "ties up" your money in the channel.  The approximation that it's a checking account doesn't quite hold: if your channel partner goes offline, you can't use the tied up money in that channel, unless you unilaterally close it (which still ties up your money for some time) or wait until your channel partner goes back online (which you can't control).  You can make another channel with someone else, of course, but that means tying up even more money.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:41:44
Witness data (i.e. signatures) is what is used to claim your UTXO.
scriptPubKey is what is used to create a new UTXO.
Currently an output has a public key hash (20 bytes) and an amount in satoshi (5 bytes).
An input spending that UTXO requires a public key (33 bytes) and signature (33 bytes), as well as a txid (33 bytes) and output index (2 bytes).
(above sizes do not include various typical scaffolding bytes indicating how exactly stuff is formatted, and I might have missed some bytes; but yes, roughly speaking, an input is about 4x larger than an output in a transaction)
@_date: 2017-05-07 09:48:11
WOW so growth, nobel doge
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:16:32
As a corollary: if your investment starts growing to a few thousand USD, investing in a $99 hardware wallet to protect your money is a good idea.  Just remember to check after a year and judge for yourself if it's big enough to justify that.
@_date: 2017-05-10 06:09:22
The hardware doesn't hold coins.  The blockchain holds the coins.  All the hardware holds is the private keys, because once those are stolen, you lose control of your coins.
It's the reason you can "store" your coins on paper: what you're really storing is the private keys that control the coins.  The coins are on the blockchain, but are immovable unless transactions moving them are signed.
Yes, you can buy a hardware wallet with bitcoins, it's kinda the point.  Just search them on DuckDuckGo and go to their manufacturer's websites, they should have various methods of paying, including BTC.
@_date: 2017-05-16 12:47:02
Yes, **eventually** it will b similar to this: 
Did you read it or not?
@_date: 2017-05-19 09:41:37


For a moment there I thought you were referring to killing yourself with a gun.
Needless to say that would be a greater loss than missing out on BTC.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:45:07
Oh that's good then, I'm not going to bash you on Daily Discussion just because it's amusing.
@_date: 2017-05-06 20:34:22


This expectation has to change.  The cost of the transaction fee is not based on the total amount of the transaction.  It is instead based on the number of "coins" you input into the transaction.  Coins are arbitrarily denominated, but the more coins you put into your transaction, the more expensive the transaction get.
As an analogy, it's like the teller charges a fee for every coin you use.  So if you use pennies to send the $60, you get charged more than if you used quarters or dollar coins to send the $60.  For what it's worth, after the teller takes your money, it converts it to a single coin of the denomination you are sending, ie. it becomes $60 coin magically.
The big problem is that most wallets do not show the coins (technical term is "UTXO" or unspent transaction output) you have in your wallet, and even if they do, they are usually hidden under some special setting.
One thing you can do is, since transacting magically merges multiple coins into a single coin, wait for a weekend and consolidate your coins into a single large coin.  This is done by sending the same amount to your receive address.  On weekends, transaction load is usually lower and the tx fee per "coin" input is lower.
@_date: 2017-05-22 08:50:09
The problem is that the Barry Silbert proposal signals SegWit on a different bit than in the current BIP141 bit.  BIP148 uses the same bit as BIP141, BIP149 uses a different bit **but activates late this year at best**.  They are also talking about a 2MB HF at September 2017.
It's a stalling tactic.  "We'll support SegWit, if you activate 2MB HF this year and activate SegWit next year".
While I might be OK with SegWit+2Mb, I am ***not*** ok with the HF arriving before the SegWit.  Actually, I would not be OK with SegWit+2Mb: I'd be OK with SF SegWit+(HF 2Mb+UTXO Commitment+sidechains), because HF is painful enough that we should really think about packing multiple improvements into a single HF deployment.
@_date: 2017-05-07 09:44:59
The change address is part of your Electrum wallet, and is controlled by your Electrum wallet.  It's perfectly normal to have a change address, it's "change" in the sense of "hey bud do you have change for a $5 bill?" sense.
Although I think someone already replied on your other post and explained it to you.
@_date: 2017-05-22 04:40:30
It reached &gt;$2,050 yesterday, so it's gone down already.
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:31:09
They're discussing:
1. UTXO commitments, which would let semi-full nodes keep only block headers and trustlessly retrieve the UTXO set, and thus not need to download the whole freaking chain, which reduces pressure on block size.
2. Drivechain, which enables sidechains.
3. Re-enabling previously-disabled Script opcodes.
4. User-driven alternatives to BIP9/BIP8 miner signalling.
5. Schnorr signatures, and how to compress the signatures of each tx in a block to a single signature for the entire block.
6. NOCOP, node cost of operation, and how to provide economic incentives to running full nodes because the miner incentives are overrunning the network.
@_date: 2017-05-22 07:00:19
There are two main "trustless" proposals for doing the sidechain-&gt;mainchain peg.
RSK is pushing drivechain, which is basically "trust miners to handle sidechains correctly".  Trust the miners, let them verify sidechain behavior.
Core and Blockstream are pushing SPV proofs, which is basically "give a proof that the sidechain's outgoing peg transaction has been built on for N total difficulty".  Verify at the node level if the sidechain has sufficient proof-of-work.
Both proposals require a script upgrade.  SegWit makes every script upgrade a softfork (currently, some script upgrades will have to be hardforks).
@_date: 2017-05-07 10:58:22
Same UTXO, actually, not necessarily same address.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:10:20


It's not how many nodes, it's how important the nodes are.  If the nodes are for major exchanges and services, then the more likely it is that UASF will force miners to capitulate.
That said, node percentage would be a (noisy) signal for support, which may convince major services to support UASF as well.
Note that 33% miner support for UASF can essentially force the rest of the miners to follow the UASF also.
@_date: 2017-05-19 12:02:13
What do you mean, that they can try 2^256 different private keys to find Satoshi's million-bitcoin private keys?  If you started at the Big Bang with a supercomputer the size of the Earth, you wouldn't have gotten even a substantial fraction of possible private keys at the current time.
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:41:09
Agree.  Eggs in one basket, etc etc.
Personally I'm partial to the multiple paper wallets method, store in 1BTC or less chunks in each paper wallet, so you can reload your "hot" wallet if you need funds, but mostly move from hot to cold.
@_date: 2017-05-05 03:25:33
The corollary of this is that if someone manages to sneak a peek on your 12 word seed, they can recover your wallet and spend from it.
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:24:37
Can you check the addresses tab?  They should be showing the same set of addresses (starting with a "3" digit each).  If not, something went wrong with setup.
The way to do it would be to make a partially-signed .txn file in one computer, copy it to the other computer, sign it there, then broadcast.
Having a txid "unknown" until the transaction is fully signed by all parties is expected behavior.  FWIW SegWit will fix this (txid is fixed even if not signed yet).
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:12:53
Yes, what did I say anyway?  I said I loved it, didn't I?
There are rules, and then there are rules.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:14:22
If it's in a block then it's already confirmed, that's what confirmation means: it's in a block.  The more blocks on top of the block that contains your transaction, the more confirmations it has.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:23:09
My understanding is that, while to the general public, Linus is the benevolent dictator, in actual practice a set of lieutenants have the right to commit to the central codebase, with Linus having little or no actual veto power.  My impression is that Linus is more of a figurehead at this point.
@_date: 2017-05-09 22:46:27
No escape from reality
@_date: 2017-05-25 10:29:57
Real cypherpunks have a thousand online identities, none of whom you or anyone can correlate.  They understand that while legality should be morality, morality is not legality.  They hide in plain sight; a thousand strangers passing by, all of them cypherpunks, and none of them.  They discuss issues of mathematics and human incentives with their peers in open discussion, in order to write software to hide themselves and expose the powerful.  What would be the point of one of them going to a conference?
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:48:21
Yeah the USD is crashing real hard, it's dropped to about 62,000 satoshis, it was about 80,000+ satoshis each last week.
@_date: 2017-05-03 09:35:05
Okay, now that that's said: I hope for the best in Bitcoin, and I hope more people upvote the link.
Big blocks without SegWit are unsafe, SegWit without big blocks is not activatable.  Both need to occur at some point, since there are many more potential Bitcoin users we have not reached yet.  Decentralized off-chain solutions are inevitable, and necessary for Bitcoin to provide better anonymity.  We should hope for SegWit, but prepare for a SegWit-less Bitcoin with 20Tb blocks.
@_date: 2017-05-03 06:36:37
To my knowledge, only one last part of Lightning requires a malleability fix, and that's the opening of a channel.  The rest of Lightning can be done with malleability, except for something called "watchers", which I don't quite understand yet (to my understanding, those can be used (hired?) if you have a risk that you get disconnected longer than the clearance period of 1 week).
Here is a proposal on the Lightning Network development mailinglist to open channels even though malleability is possible: 
It requires a time-locked escrow from the other side equal to what you would set aside for the channel.  So if you want to reserve 1.0 BTC on the channel, the other side has to escrow 1.0 BTC, which is returned to them when the channel open is completed.
It's only a proposal so far, no LN implementation has implemented it, in the first place there isn't an agreed spec for this kind of opening.  My understanding is that LN devs are still holding out for SegWit to activate, which would negate the need for the timelocked escrow.
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:41:50
Literally every single altcoin in existence is anywhere as decentralized as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:58:01
Yes.  It will store the same value in all possible chain splits, unless you use one chain to sweep it/spend it.
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:51:24
Jihan Wu AD=9999
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:18:09
Core's: 
@_date: 2017-05-10 00:23:53
Verifying it takes longer on block size.  Mining it does not.  It's one of those little assumptions (miner = full node) that are no longer valid after Satoshi left us.  That's why people running full nodes want to keep block size down (full nodes verify blocks) and people running miners want to push block sizes up (miners stopped verifying blocks long ago, they just mine, hence the occasional empty block which happens when the miner finds a solution without receiving the previous block in full - rather than put a transaction that might be in the previous block, they just leave the block empty to get at the block subsidy).
@_date: 2017-05-15 21:43:22
It doesn't.  Off-chain, remember?  The blockchain is only used in case of trouble (someone goes offline or tries to steal funds) or if you really need money on-chain.
Yes, it's a pretty good privacy improvement.  The longer you're on Lightning, the harder it is to tell how much of your money came from/went to whoever.  After you get off Lightning, people can know how much you paid or earned in aggregate, but not who you paid to or earned from, and how much each tx was.
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:26:51
endorses BIP148, endorses(?) BIP149.  Other core members, I dunno, they don't hang in reddit that much.
@_date: 2017-05-09 10:37:50
Steps needed for a successful UASF BIP148 deployment:
1.  ~~Run a full node, set its `uacomment` to include `BIP148`.~~
2.  ~~Upgrade your full node to use a UASF 0.3-modified Core.~~
3.  ~~Petition exchanges and other economic nodes to signal for BIP148.~~
4.  Nothing; BU nodes automatically disconnect themselves anyway.
@_date: 2017-05-03 05:18:36


Yes, it's a reasonable way to distribute risk if stored on separate locations, but you could also consider a 2-of-3 or 3-of-5 multisig account, which also distributes risk, and prevents loss if 1 (or 2, for 3-of-5 multisig) is/are stolen.


Yes, definitely.  It's also a reason to split up money in multiple paper wallets; you might be willing to "break" one 1BTC wallet if you suddenly need 0.8BTC, for example.


The four elements: air (you lose it by it getting blown away, i.e. you forgot where you put it), water (it gets wet in a flood), earth (it gets buried in an earthquake/avalanche), fire (it gets burned in a, well, fire).


Yes, because you need to "break open" an entire wallet.  Much safer to split it up and break open just one reasonably small amount if you need a few spare BTC, rather than break open your big paper wallet and have to make a new one.


Pretty much that's it?


Download a Linux LiveCD (or use Tails), download bitcoinpaperwallet in a zip file, expand it, burn LiveCD (or write to USB), turn off computer, physically disconnect from network (disconnect LAN cable), boot on LiveCD, run bitcoinpaperwallet from you computer's HDD, print paper wallets.  Once printed as many as you need, remove LiveCD, reconnect to Internet, reboot, and load the wallets.
Depending on how much money you are trying to protect, you can try the Glacier protocol, which is safe but costly since you have to throw away/burn some newly-bought computers.  This may be too paranoid.
@_date: 2017-05-09 11:01:09
Do you need the pizza to survive to the next day? Dead people can't spend BTC in 7 years anyway.
Amazing how a deflationary currency encourages frugalism.
@_date: 2017-05-23 07:05:21
Miners 6 or 7 years ago were just CPU based.
Core used to include CPU-based mining code.  It was removed when people started switching to GPU's and Core's unoptimized CPU mining code basically couldn't compete anymore.
Way back then, you could get free bitcoins by just running Core on your computer.  They were so cheap to get that yes, people could really forget about them.
@_date: 2017-05-10 08:40:13
The best strategy to hedge against risk is fiat cost averaging.
To enter your position into Bitcoin, commit yourself to buying a fixed amount, in fiat, at regular intervals, e.g. $100 per month.
Do this for a year or two, forgetting the price as soon as you've bought the money.
HODL a few years, check the price every few months.
If the price is big enough, commit to exiting (part of) your position by regularly selling a fixed amount of bitcoin at regular intervals.
@_date: 2017-05-17 02:27:24
Bitcoin Unlimited uses a protocol called Emergent Consensus.
It involves two miner-controlled parameters: EB "Extension Block", which is the size of the block the miner wants to vote for, and AD "Admittance Depth", which is how strongly the miner wants to vote for his or her EB - specifically, if the number of consecutive blocks whose EB is not equal to the miner's EB is less than AD, then the miner will not build on top of that chain.
It's the "not build on top of that chain" bit that's rather bad.  Consider two groups of miners each with plurality of the hashrate.  If one group votes EB=1 AD=999 and the other group votes EB=2 AD=999, then you can have chain splits where each group mines exclusively.  Such chain splits can persist for 999 blocks.
Chain splits are to be avoided if at all possible.
BU proponents try to claim that this won't happen, that miners will rather coordinate, because the alternative is for Bitcoin to collapse massively.
But consider that already there are two groups of miners, one voting for core's 1Mb, the other voting for at least 2Mb (actually, some vote for 4Mb, 8Mb, 10Mb...).  The result of keeping that debate off-chain is high transaction fees.  If the debate were done on-chain, the result would be chain splits where transactions cannot be relied on at all.  The choice is between high transaction fees (but transactions are reliable) or total chaos and uncertainty about whether transactions are confirmed or not (but hey, low transaction fees, right?).
That's if BU's implementation actually worked.  BU's implementation has consistently been buggy, at a rate of about 1 bug (bad enough to take down a majority of BU nodes) per week.
Bad is an understatement at this point.
@_date: 2017-05-05 09:00:40
SegWit, currently, is set up as Miner Activated Soft Fork, MASF.
Before Core decided to go with MASF, Satoshi regularly just pushed UASF to occur at some block height.  In practice, because of the cult of personality around him, it was Satoshi Activated Soft Fork.
MASF can be resisted by a large enough group of miners.
UASF is triggered when enough people run the software with it by a particular flag day.
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:50:02
If you can afford it -
Get a spankin new computer (or just a hard drive if you're tech-capable enough).
Install Bitcoin Core, copy wallet.dat to your new computer.
Wait for the one week or more to synch (you think 1MB/s is slow? Try mine at 256k/s.  At 1AM-&gt;6AM in the morning, cause the rest of the time it's less than 100k/s, because fuck my country).
Install Electrum anywhere.  Record the 12-word seed on paper.  Make copies of the paper and leave it with your will.  Do not photograph the paper, photocopy it, or otherwise let it touch an electronic device.
When the synch finally completes, transfer all your funds to the Electrum wallet.
Use Electrum forever, because it's a nice wallet that doesn't store the entire blockchain but does keep your private key offline.
Also, you might want to make a watching-only Electrum wallet and delete the full wallet (you did write down the 12-word seed, right?), so that even if your computer gets hacked or malwared, they can only see your funds, not spend it.
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:06:17
For purely SegWit transactions (transactions spending only SegWit transactions) this is a capacity decrease of about 9.09% from theoretical maximum of a purely SegWit-only block composed mostly of transactions spending from multisisg.
In exchange, it gives a 2x capacity increase to all non-SegWit transactions.
@_date: 2017-05-03 15:06:26
Moonbeam is not a network.  You can't trustlessly ask Bob to pay Carol if you recompense Bob, to save yourself the trouble of opening a channel to Carol; you'd have to trust Bob not to steal it from you, and trust Carol to claim she didn't get the funds when by golly she did.  Lightning uses a contract that basically says: If Carol claims the money from Bob, Bob can claim the money from me.  The contract is enforced by the Bitcion network, so that the network's operation itself is the trusted third party that ensures fairness.
Moonbeam is trustless only between direct subscriber and service provider.  Beyond that, trust must be had.
@_date: 2017-05-14 00:10:16
Given that Ethereum lost "immutability", very likely.
@_date: 2017-05-08 06:06:04
I don't have enough money to justfy buying one, and if I crack one apart I'd buy two in case I completely botch it. That said I will open one when I can afford to throw one away.
People have assembled their own Trezors from the manufacturer's instructions, but hey that only means the design works, not that manufacturer sourced ones are not compromised.
@_date: 2017-05-11 22:40:25
Personally I transfer my money to an Electrum wallet.  I put the private key/seed on paper and run a watch-only wallet.
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:22:44
Jihan Wu AD=9999
@_date: 2017-05-17 14:39:36
People are panicking and increasing fees on their transactions just to push them through.  There would be some level where the triggered bidding war on block space earns miners more money than they risk by stuffing low-fee transactions into the mempool.
@_date: 2017-05-21 00:40:58
Wearing jewelry is an invitation to getting mugged already.
@_date: 2017-05-31 00:49:09
Proposed Dream Miner architecture: 
@_date: 2017-05-22 04:55:47
August 1?  LOL.
@_date: 2017-05-10 13:27:11
In general, no.
@_date: 2017-05-12 22:40:42
Debian Gnu/Linux user here ^^.  The Windows laptop we have left is essentially just my daughter's television for watching My Little Pony.  I'd install Debian over it if I thought I could get decent drivers for that piece of hardware.
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:55:55
It'll recoup eventually.  I (re-)bought some at $1200, lost maybe .5% to fees, now it's $2000. Up to you.  You can start buying and holding and ignore the fees, or you can hold off until it's too late and coffees are sold at microbitcoin units.
@_date: 2017-05-09 03:45:44
A price you mentally assign to the asset, based on gut feeling after analysis.
@_date: 2017-05-22 09:04:52
He also listed Bitmain (RSK Labs) thrice.
UASF is a Sybil!  And look RSK and BitPay aren't Sybils!! /s
@_date: 2017-05-25 00:11:02
Yes, we should totally do the Dr. Emoto rice experiment!


@_date: 2017-05-23 08:36:18
Cool ^^
@_date: 2017-05-07 00:13:36
Doing anything on the blockchain can indeed reveal who you are and who you are sending to.
If you're paranoid about this, use a mixer before and after you transact, and use separate Electrum wallets for before-mix-1, payment, and after-mix-2.
Note that there are claims of analyzer software that can pierce mixers too.  This may or may not be true.
@_date: 2017-05-22 09:15:22
The Consensus proposal has the below text:


(emphasis mine)
For reference, the current BIP141/BIP148 signals on bit 1.
It is not easy to transfer the activation bit without delaying SegWit to next year.
Note also the below text:


I personally do not want a HF 2MB to occur before SegWit can activate.
I also want a HF to integrate things like sidechains, UTXO commitments, and maybe script re-activation.
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:45:12
Most of the time, yes.  Some sellers may extract a premium for online transfers.  Some places do not have sellers that accept online bank transfers.
My wife has an all-around employee she can order around to do the purchasing for us on localbitcoins, so it's convenient for us and probably safer than most exchanges.
@_date: 2017-05-13 03:21:14
@_date: 2017-05-03 05:21:30
Buy a trezor for $99.  Of course, that's only feasible if your holdings are much larger than $99.
@_date: 2017-05-18 22:59:16
O(n^2 ), since propagation and validation just come one after the other.
@_date: 2017-05-03 15:23:34
The recovery key/recovery phrase ***is*** a representation of your private key.  Thus, it is your private key, in a format that people can write down without making a lot of mistakes.  The Trezor hardware generates the key, tells it to you as a list of words, and stores it on the Trezor hardware storage as a big number.
@_date: 2017-05-01 14:58:49
Then you get Alzheimer's, a stroke, or a brain tumor.  Bye bye bitcoins....
@_date: 2017-05-03 07:53:05
burglar_ot is inaccurate.  Timelocked payment channels are safe in malleability.  Unfortunately timelocked payment channels are inconvenient; the channel has a fixed lifetime and needs to be closed before the lifetime ends.  Fixed lifetimes make it difficult to route over multiple payment channels as in Lightning.
What is difficult is that in a malleable situation the timelock cannot be removed.  There is no safe payment channel under malleability that has no timelock.
For what it's worth, there is an idea floating around on Lightning Network devlist that might allow safe payment channels under malleability, but it requires a timelocked escrow until opening is completed.  At least it's only the escrow return that is timelocked, not the channel when it is established.
@_date: 2017-05-10 08:22:47
The two most active in reddit I know of are and There's also but he's much rarer around these parts.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:38:36
QuadrigaCX might not be as up-to-date as blockchain.info.  It's a distributed network, bits and pieces of it might fall off temporarily.  If it's in a block already, it is likely to remain confirmed at least 1, and every ten minutes or so on average, additional 1 confirmation will occur.
@_date: 2017-05-31 05:26:57
Yep, a paper wallet or a paper backup of a BIP39/Electrum seed phrase is a good HODLER strategy.
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:15:38
We need to increase block size because a Moonbucks coffee costs 20 millisatoshis and fees are almost an entire millisatoshi.
@_date: 2017-05-22 08:55:19
It doesn't activate SegWit this year.  They're using a different bit.  Given the complexity of the code it either means risking a screwup in the SegWit code to activate it with two different bits or waiting until the current bit expires and using a BIP149 SegWit activation next year with a 2Mb HARDFUCK this year.
@_date: 2017-05-03 09:23:30
No!  You're an rBTC shill spouting lies about Bitmain and Jihad "Covert backdoor your mother if you want covert backdoor!" Wu and Bitcoin Judas Roger Ver!  And don't tell me Greg Maxwell wants to reduce the block size to negative 20 megabytes, that's been debunked like 100000000 times!  And LN will let us pay anyone in the world without transaction fees even if they don't run an LN node!  Oh, and Blockstream will never aggro-use their SegWit patents, 'cause they promised!  And Blockstream doesn't have SegWit patents in the first place!
/s (55555555555555555555555555555)
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:04:49
Transactions are currently limited to 42.xxx mBTC.
Although I guess LN can do thousands of transactions per second anyway, so probably OK.
@_date: 2017-05-25 04:22:58
The first scaling debate!
@_date: 2017-05-17 09:17:35
Sidechains, I think.
In theory, after Core implements two-way pegs in Bitcoin, we never need to change Bitcoin again forever.  BU can go implement their EC chain and realize in its burning aftermath how insane emergent consensus really is.  We can create a flipped chain (i.e. block headers commit to UTXO sets rather than transaction merkle trees) which lets nodes pick up any UTXO set by just verifying headers, without having to download the actual blocks on the blockchain.  We can create chains optimized for transfer (fewer bytes per transaction) with basic or no Script.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-05-02 03:35:08
Do some side jobs, earn Bitcoin, hodl.
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:16:47
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:03:02
Land value tax.
Unlike income taxes, LVT's do not discourage economic activity.
Consider this situation: suppose you find a way to improve your work so that you can do the same amount of work in 6 hours instead of 8.  What do you do in your spare 2 hours?  Get more work to be paid 33% more, but is taxed?  Or slack off and hang around on reddit trolling everyone, which isn't taxed?
Income taxes cause troooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllsssssssssssssss
@_date: 2017-05-03 22:15:10
Japan's "sure, why not?".  Russia's and Mexico's and India's "Maybe, next year".  Venezuela's "Fuck your Bolivar if you want fuck".
I think them countries are a heck of a lot more powerful than a bunch of trolls on reddit.
@_date: 2017-05-03 15:13:55
If nobody builds car factories, then usable cars become scarce and their price rises relative to other goods still being produced.  Tomorrow, it means by 1 bitcoin won't buy me two cars, it means it buys me 1/2 car.  In which case, deflationary or not, if I want to maximize number of cars owned, I'll either buy now or build a car factory.
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:45:23
Technically the currency appreciates (i.e. you can trade it for more stuff in the future).
This is a good thing as it forces the owner towards frugality rather than spendthriftness.
@_date: 2017-05-14 12:45:09
bech32 is an improvement over base58 that removes the distinction between lowercase and uppercase letters (i.e. bech32 don't care about letter case, base58 does), because (1) people sometimes write S and s, K and k, etc similarly in lower case and uppercase and (2) QR codes have a "don't care about lower/upper case" mode, and bech32 results in a smaller QR image than the equivalent base58.
bech32 is not tied to SegWit - we could use bech32 in current pre-SegWit Bitcoin addresses.
@_date: 2017-05-12 02:53:19
Yes, because a $0.5 fee to transfer $1000 safely to cold storage is too expensive.
@_date: 2017-05-01 04:29:27
It's probably a cliboard-modifying malware.  In the future, some things you can do to mitigate your risk:
1.  Double check transaction amounts.  Mistakes mean having to redo things.  The more often you transact, the more likely something intercepts something.
2.  Always double check each and every character of an address, ESPECIALLY when copy-pasting or using QR codes.  QR reader software can be hacked, clipbard (ESPECIALLY ON WINDOWS) can be easily hacked.
3.  Consider booting up on a Linux LiveCD (on a USB stick, ha) before doing any important transaction (or any transaction at all).  Other people here recommend Tails to boot up.
@_date: 2017-05-13 03:23:09
No, 1337
@_date: 2017-07-20 08:07:01
Store of value that is better than any other available locally.  I'd have preferred a US Index fund but am not qualified due to reasons, and the local index is pathetic compared to the US index.
@_date: 2017-05-16 03:34:04
This is how it will eventually work:
You indicate how much money you want to make Lightning-spendable.  The software underneath then opens up several channels into random nodes on LN, which takes time.  Afterwards you have some money you can spend on-Lightning.
You buy something at WalMart, they display a sales invoice readable by your LN software (probably a QR code). Then your software indicates how much total additional fees are added to your transaction (or you probably set it up to have some maximum fee you wouldn't mind paying, and if the software can't find a cheaper fee, it will ask you to confirm).  Then the software spends, providing a receipt (probably shown as another QR code that the WalMart cashier can scan) which you can use to show WalMart that yes, you paid (note: requires legal framework to sue WalMart if they won't give you the goods even though you have a Lightning proof-of-payment).
If you always spend money at Burger King everyday because you want to die of heart disease, you can ask your software to optimize the route to the local Burger King.  This involves locking in more money; underneath the software makes one or more Burger King-specific channels.  Then the software can use those funds for Burger King payment at lower routing fees (and probably avoid using those funds for paying other fees unless all your other funds are exhausted).
For one-off payments to those little shops selling mysterious talking potted plants that disappear after you try to look for them again, you may need to pay slightly higher than usual routing fees, but you won't have to do anything special unless the little shop doesn't really have any connections to their node, which basically means they started up yesterday and nobody loves them (if their talking potted plant is really adorable, you can take the time to open a channel to them to help them get paid by others via your own node).
People will randomly create channels to your node also and you get to earn a little bit from acting as an intermediary, but your node probably will hide this fact from you unless you enable NERD MODE in the settings.
When you run out of Lightning-spendable funds, you can transfer more Bitcoins from Bitcoin-spendable to Lightning-spendable.  
Ideally, your employer will pay you via Lightning, which increases your Lightning-spendable funds directly.
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:31:10
If sidechains are implemented, then "hardforks" can be done as sidechains.  Then people can switch to the sidechain if it's good, and recover back to mainchain if something bad happens.
After sidechains are implemented, Core can retire, and the only time bitcoin-qt needs to be modified is if some security problem is found.
@_date: 2017-05-05 08:41:04
For what it's worth, even if some block increase is implemented widely, nasty selfish miners may explicitly ignore any block that mines this tx unless it's them who mined it.
It's a pretty big boost, and ignoring another valid chain that has it mined by someone else other than them, for a few hours, may be worth it anyway.
Don't know how the probability will work out, though.
Edit: SegWit requires that non-SegWit txs (which this tx probably is) fit in the original 1mb limit.
@_date: 2017-05-22 08:57:58
They'll signal with a different bit than the current deployment.  This means either risking a SegWit that checks two different activation bits, or waiting for SegWit next year.
@_date: 2017-05-13 08:13:48
You don't need to process them manually.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:02:26
The person who sent it to you (or your Quadrigacx account, most likely) can try a child pays for parent if they got change from sending it to you: it involves specifically spending from the change and sending it to himself/herself, with a very high fee.  This very high fee pays for the original transaction sending to you (the parent transaction) and for the transaction sending to himself/herself (the child transaction), hence "child pays for parent".
@_date: 2017-05-06 03:57:42
On Poloniex, most likely via day trading.  If a day trader things he or she can time the market, he or she may borrow money to increase his or her leverage.
@_date: 2017-05-07 00:25:49
What you described is what is called a ***web wallet*** around these parts.
Most web wallets don't even charge a storage fee, they just advertise or they're part of a larger service such as an exchange.
Web wallets are not trusted around here (they've been hacked and have lost all user's funds); we tolerate short-term use in order to use other larger services such as exchanges, but for the most part, if you are not the only one who controls the private key, you don't own the Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:57:41
Dammit man, don't use a 128-bit password, use at least 160 bits ffs jk
@_date: 2017-05-03 04:09:39
Moonbeam uses unidirectional time-bound payment channels to allow subscribers to pay to service providers.
Moonbeam is available now.
Moonbeam does not form a network in the way Lightning does: If you have a service provider providing a web wallet service, you ask it to open a channel to another service provider providing whatever, and your web wallet service can share that channel among its many users.  Alternatively, your web wallet service may just transact directly via Bitcoin on-chain transactions, without opening a channel.
You can run your own Moonbeam node to send coins from your hot wallet, so that you control your keys, but you'd have to make Moonbeam channels to each of the service providers you intend to pay to.  If you intend to make a single payment to a service provider, you're better off making a Bitcoin transaction directly.  In Lightning, if your LN node can find a route, you don't have to make a channel with the service provider, and one-off trades are better done on-Lightning than on-chain (in Moonbeam, one-off trades are better done on-chain).
Moonbeam channels are timelocked, so if you are a service provider accepting payment, you need to ensure your nodes have high uptime, or else you risk that a timeout expires and the money defaults to the payor; if your node goes down 1 day before one of the channels expires you need to get your node back within that day or (EDIT:) potentially lose money.  In LN money gets timelocked only if your node goes down, so if you go down, you have the rather generous 1 week to ensure you get back online (EDIT: the timeout period starts when you go down, unlike Moonbeam where the timeout starts when the channel is created).
EDIT: LN can be made to work without SegWit, but with a lot of pain and with some loss of anonymity.
@_date: 2017-05-11 09:54:58
GO (AWAY) BU!!!  FORK YOURSELF IF YOU WANT FORK!
@_date: 2017-05-16 12:38:58
*shrug* one could say that you're locking up value into Bitcoin in order to spend it via the Bitcoin network.  I don't see much difference.
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:29:45
Our experience is with block subsidy much higher than tx fees, and does not necessarily apply when tx fees are much higher than block subsidies.
Even your theoretical objection fails - if Bob has 25% hashpower, and tx fees &gt; 4 * 4 * block subsidy, stealing old full blocks nets more expected money in the case that Bob is lucky enough to steal the block and mine an empty block consecutively, versus getting only an empty block.
I use "empty" and "full", but do you honestly think that a few minute's transactions are going to matter significantly if blocks can contain millions of transactions?
@_date: 2017-05-07 00:17:35
Address in Yellow is change address; it's an address you control.  Addresses should not be reused after spending from them.
@_date: 2017-05-21 14:39:22
Get Jihan's open source firmware, audit it (expensive; who is willing to join an assurance contract for this?), compile it, and reflash the hardware.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:21:55
Djikstra's is what I understand most implementations would use, it's been around since the 80's (A* is inappropriate since a distance heuristic cannot be derived from Lightning node routing gossip). The hard part isn't routing, it's making sure the daemon is monitoring the blockchain correctly in all the possible ways it gets used.
@_date: 2017-05-07 21:38:21
Trezor's design is available on its website, and as an Electronics engineer I can say it has no wireless emitter.  The CPU is sourceable from many electronics supply stores.  I haven't checked the source code, although it's open source.
You could build your own Trezor if you don't trust the Trezor manufacturer.
@_date: 2017-05-06 20:00:52
much true, so agree
@_date: 2017-05-30 09:40:25
True while any UTXO the public key is not spent.  Once any UTXO of that public key has been spent, False when a quantum computer with enough power to reverse ECDSA secp256k1 is available, True otherwise.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:26:09
If I could afford it I'd pay up to 0.25BTC for one, you can peel out the holographic tape and put it back on seamlessly (I think a technique to do so was demonstrated before) and I wouldn't care if the thing didn't actually have bitcoins backing it, I'd still want one ^^.
I'm more collecting it for history's sake than actually using it for storing BTC offline ^^.
@_date: 2017-05-09 03:46:47
IT'S A CRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASH /s
@_date: 2017-05-03 03:57:53
Depends; how did the money get there?  Bitcoin provides weak pseudonymity.
If you bought from a seller/exchange with some kind of KYC/AML, people with guns can go to their office and rifle their files.  They can then trace any subsequent transfers of Bitcoin from their platform to yours.
Coins that are inputted to a transaction together and then have only a few outputs are likely to be owned by a single person, with only one or two of the outputs being the change owned by that person.  The addresses then become rather strongly linked.
@_date: 2017-05-24 14:16:00
If I could afford it \^\^.  My hodlings are barely an entire BTC\^\^, and I've a family \^\^, so a Casascius coin is a dream luxury for me...
@_date: 2017-05-05 03:18:10
His original vision did not include a block size limit.
Then he changed his mind and softforked in a block size limit.
@_date: 2017-05-21 01:25:24
Sidechains would obsolete them massively.  Rootstock, with federated 2-way pegs, can eventually reach a position to oust Ethereum.  If Core can finally integrate a trustless sidechain solution to Bitcoin, they can practically disband and everyone just goes making sidechains.
Some of them are true experiments, others are just minor tweaks.  I wouldn't say "dismember", but minor tweaks won't really show much.
@_date: 2017-05-07 21:11:33
code is law.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:18:36
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:57:29
*shrug* in my country, it was a while before any exchanges existed other than localbitcoins.  Had to make do with that.  *then* the 2013 bubble and a bunch of other exchanges in the country.
localbitcoins.com itself is a guide.
localbitcoins is an "escrow" service.  This means, when you indicate intent to buy/sell,  the bitcoins are set aside by localbitcons.  Then you contact your counterparty, arrange how the fiat-side payment is done (face-to-face meetup with cash?  Cash deposit on bank?  Wire transfer?).  Then when the fiat is transferred, both of you indicate the transfer is OK, and localbitcoins releases the Bitcoins to who bought them.  IF something goes wrong, you complain to the localbitcoins site.
Localbitcoins also keeps track of reputation: if you traded but the counterparty thought you were a jerkass, they could leave a bad review on you and that reputation will tarnish your account.  It's generally a good idea to find a counterparty with good reputation and large number of trades for your first few trades.
@_date: 2017-05-09 15:28:35
Enter a complex world of technical details...
Due to a flaw in Bitcoin's original implementation, there is a problem called transaction malleability.  As you know, transactions needs to be signed.  The signature proves that the owner of the coins did agree for the transaction to be made.
Unfortunately, the library used by Bitcoin's implementation can represent the signature as a large positive number, or a large negative number.  You could replace the signature with its negative counterpart, and the transaction would still be valid and would still pay out to the same parties and it would not steal anybody's coins.  The only problem is that comparing the transactions byte-by-byte would judge them as "not equal", because one used a positive number and the other the negative number.
Now, transactions are identified by their hash.  This is the txid.  Thus, any byte-level change in transactions results in a massive change in the txid.
This is problematic because there are some interesting use cases for smart contracts, but it requires that a later transaction be signed before an earlier transaction (whose output it spends) is signed, in order to be trustless.  As it happens, one application of smart contracts, the Lightning Network, requires such a style.  Lightning is a way of paying, backed by the blockchain, without requiring that every transaction be actually committed on the blockchain; instead, smart contracts ensure that nobody is cheated once committed on the block chain, but can be cancelled ("revoked") and re-issued, without touching the blockchain.  As long as everyone follows the rules, you can do everything off-chain, but when somebody misbehaves (or needs to disconnect, whatever), contracts get enforced on the blockchain.
However, that requires that transaction signatures are separated from the transactions themselves, so that the same transaction ID refers to an unsigned transaction and a signed transaction, or even a signed transaction with the negative version of the signature.  In fancy schmancy crypto talk, a signature is a "witness" that attests to the veracity of something, i.e. the transaction.  Separating the signature from the transaction is known as segregating the witness.  Hence, Segregated Witness or SegWit in short.
This is particularly relevant since we now regularly have blocks of 1Mb size.  For now, the Bitcoin-qt client (the main client) enforces a 1Mb block limit, imposed by Satoshi a little before he left us.  This means that more transactions are being written and waiting to be put in blocks on the blockchain, than can fit in the available capacity of the network.
Hopefully with SegWit, better technologies like Lightning Network can be deployed which means that transactions need not be recorded to the blockchain for every little transaction.  This will reduce the number of transactions actually needed to commit on the blockchain.  In the future, additional technologies can be built on top of SegWit to allow more advanced technologies, which among other things allows better smart contracts, possibly faster transfers, confidential transactions, and so on.
Aside from fixing transaction malleability and allowing more complex ways of using smart contracts, SegWit also provides a discount for signatures - signatures are considered 1/4 the size of the rest of the transaction.  It also optimizes the way verification of the signing is done, so that signing N transactions takes N amount of time (currently it takes N^2 time).
Others have been pushing for block size increases, projecting that the 1Mb imposed before will quickly become a bottleneck (as it is, indeed, today).  The culmination of this is the Bitcoin Unlimited project, which features an algorithm called "emergent consensus".  Miners indicate the maximum block size they want (EB, extension block), and indicate how many blocks they will wait until they give up on their position and accept other miner's opinion of what the best maximum block size should be (AD, acceptance depth).  Given that differences of opinion on EB can persist for 999 blocks if two miners with different EB opinions insist on an AD=999 setting, this is considered by the supporters of SegWit (as well as some supporters of alternative scaling solutions other than SegWit) a recipe for uncontrollable chain splitting.  Supporters of BU claim that miners will not be so stupid as to burn the economy they depend on.
Small blockers like me want the space to be used as optimally as possible, because once a byte is written on the blockchain, it stays there forever.  Large blockers point out that we need to increase transaction throughput last year already, and the simplest way to do that is to just increase the block size.
A lot of the disagreement is really just a bunch of nerds arguing about whether to increase the block size first (big blockers, BU), or optimize space usage first (small blockers, SegWit+LN).
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:31:12
Yes, that's true.  On the other hand, fried chicken is delicious, so I'm having it for lunch.
@_date: 2017-05-12 03:15:22
SegWit, in addition to a block size increase, also fixes transaction malleability.  This is a bug in Bitcoin where the signature of a transaction can be represented in multiple ways at the byte level.  This means the signature is still valid, but it's possible to have several versions of a transaction, which have different transaction ID's (txid), all doing the same thing and all being signed and potentially valid.
The problem is when you have a chain of transactions unconfirmed, where TX1's output is spent by TX2, and both are not confirmed.  TX1 can be malleated (a different version of TX1 can be made with the same valid signature represented differently), but because TX2 refers to TX1 by txid, if the malleated TX1 (which has a different txid) gets confirmed, TX2 is invalidated.
Lightning Network requires a malleability fix since its channels are represented by such TX1-&gt;TX2 chains.  If TX1 is malleated (by one party or by a trolling third party) then the TX2's made by the partners in the channel are invalid, making LN unsafe in the presence of malleability.
Thus: 2Mb hardfork is just a x2 increase, SegWit is a x2 increase AND enables Lightning Network AND increases block verification speed.
@_date: 2017-05-05 03:28:34
Electrum supports a watching-only wallet.  You can import the public key of your wallet (I assume core?) into an Electrum watching-only wallet.  That way you can put it on an online computer, and if someone manages to hack that computer, well, they can watch you hodl, but not be able to spend anything.
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:07:04
Drivechains are a way of implementing sidechains, where miners vote on whether a sidechain released money back to the mainchain, once every week or so.
(Blockstream's original proposal required a pay-to-SNARK transaction on the mainchain to enter the sidechain, then to exit the sidechain you would redeem the pay-to-SNARK with a proof that you executed the SNARK program (which checks if the sidechain blockchain did have a side-&gt;main transaction &gt;N blocks ago with total difficulty &gt;D) and that the SNARK program returned true on execution - basically, verify, don't trust.  Drivechain requires trusting miners.)
Rootstock is a platform that brings Ethereum's virtual machine to a bitcoin-backed sidechain.
Rootstock currently uses a federated peg (i.e. a bunch of signatories hold mainchain bitcoins, then to convert from sidechain to mainchain all the signatories check the sidechain, then release mainchain bitcoins if they all agree that a side-&gt;main transaction exists on the sidechain).
Rootstock intends to eventually migrate to Drivechain when it gets merged into Core.
Personally, I'd trust Blockstream's pay-to-SNARK proofs more (verify, don't trust anybody) than either drivechain (trust the miners) or federated peg (trust the signatories).
@_date: 2017-05-31 07:06:51
Yeah, good thing he died and is now hedl in cold storage.
@_date: 2017-05-12 02:57:06
But Lightning is vaporware /s
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:13:57
Suppose I hand you an OpenDime, marked with some public key which has some amount of BTC (as you confirm on your favorite blockchain explorer), in exchange for a service.
Then tomorrow you open the OpenDime and realize to your shock that ***there is no chip*** because the OpenDime I gave you was fake, and the public address etched on it is one I fully control.
How do you confirm an OpenDime is not counterfeit?
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:44:50
Complete removal.  Poof, bye bye, lost in the mists of eternity, promoted to glory, pushing up daises, pining for the fjords, resting in peace, food for worms, sent home in a box, crossed the Styx, gone to meet Satoshi, shuffled off its mortal coil, kicked the bucket, joined the choir invisible, THIS IS AN EX-BLOCK REWARD.
Miners then live entirely on tx fees in the blocks they mine.
@_date: 2017-05-09 10:27:22
No!  At this rate I'm gonna lose [my pizza](
@_date: 2017-05-14 22:51:13
Mining is competitive in nature.  The reason why the energy costs are so high is because a section of the mining network has much lower energy costs than yours very probably is.
So: there are people who have very low energy costs.  They get a lot of profit from mining.  They use the profit to optimize even more, then get more of the total hashpower.  And so on.  Eventually competitors are unable to keep up.  So a few people end up controlling a large part of the mining network.
@_date: 2017-05-26 00:29:14
No, I actually think we can all agree, we just need some kind of consensus.
@_date: 2017-05-26 06:57:30
RemindMe! 3 years
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:59:41
Honestly, don't know.  I doubt it will be much higher than now; but I don't have enough of a grasp of the economics.
@_date: 2017-05-01 17:56:47
Yah I know right? It could go forwards and backwards, or left and right.
@_date: 2017-05-20 23:05:54
People want Bitcoin to rise up until it reaches the moon, hence "to the moon", shortened to "moon!!"
@_date: 2017-05-17 02:44:13
*rolls eyes* nodes going down is not a few bugs being worked out.  It's equivalent to you potentially losing money and customers because of your node going down.
I guess you never read the first part of my reply, then? ***TLDR: BU makes chain splits a natural part of the protocol, meaning you cannot rely on transactions being confirmed remaining confirmed unless you wait for 1000 confirmations.  Without BU, you can pay higher fees to speed up transactions.  With BU, you have to wait 1000 confirmations just to be sure, no matter what fee you pay.***
@_date: 2017-05-09 15:41:03
Now for the specific details:
SegWit code exists ready for deployment now.  It's been tested extensively for more than a year already.  It's already running well on testnet.  BU, as the front page of r/bitcoin attests, tends to crash once a week on average.  Other coins like Vertcoin and Litecoin are ready for SegWit deployment now.
Lightning Network already exists, and will be deployed on altcoins that have already deployed SegWit (Vertcoin, Litecoin).
Not all big blockers support BU.  Some point out that changing the size constant is a relatively simple fix on a few lines of code, and that they were already pointing this out way before SegWit was even proposed.
Even with bigger blocks, transaction malleability is an inelegant bug that greatly limits our ability to use smart contracts.
Many BU supporters prefer direct transfers and think that smart contracts are untested and potentially insecure.  For what it's worth, Bitcoin had a more powerful smart contract language at its inception that what it has now: when bugs were found in its implementation, Satoshi quickly disabled some operations and restricted smart contract usages.  General smart contracts (with the disabled operations still disabled) were enabled in the P2SH rollout some yearsago.  SegWit will allow developers to slowly plan to re-enable some of those operations and add newer operations.
@_date: 2017-05-16 10:39:50
End users *are* LN node operators themselves.  There's no real difference between a "hub" and a "spoke", other than uptime and number of channels.
EDIT: although that is a possibility: an LN node that hosts multiple users, in much the same way that today exchanges and payment processors host multiple users.
@_date: 2017-05-15 23:44:32
Any node in the LN advertises a fee for routing money through them (information about the routing fee, as well as channels of a node, are broadcast on the network via a gossip protocol similar to tx gossip in Bitcoin; this allows any node to form a "map" of the network, with knowledge of how much fees each other node charges).
In any case, people should really stop obsessing about LN hubs.  There's a reason why you can only put about ~167 mBTC in a channel: to encourage you to make many channels to many nodes.  If you've got a dozen channels, one of them going down for a few days won't really affect you that much.  Hubs will form (xref miner centralization), but LN devs are subtly discouraging them.  Not much point to connecting to just one hub if you want to buy a 300mBTC computer; you'd need to connect to multiple nodes to transfer all of the money to the seller.
The general assumption in LN-dev-land is that LN node software would preferentially open channels "at random", which should form a mesh network that is much less decentralized than the hubs-and-spokes model.
@_date: 2017-07-05 09:37:46
yes, Satoshi's client had too little proof of work on it, it's a good thing other developers built on top of it and added more total proof of work, LOL.
@_date: 2017-07-03 23:51:56
[It's the desert miner guy after setting up](
@_date: 2017-05-17 02:39:21
To everyone else: SegWit is not about trusting luke-jr's system.  SegWit fixes transaction malleability by separating signatures from transactions, thus making txid's based only on the unsigned transaction (signed and unsigned transactions have the same txid).  It's the property of being able to refer to unsigned transactions that enables LN and other potential higher-layer solutions (chains of multisig transactions that are signed in reverse order - last transaction signed first, then earlier transactions - allows a chain of transactions to be made valid as a single atomic action, which is a significant boost to flexibility).
@_date: 2017-05-13 04:41:55
1377 is not leet enough.  1337 is!
@_date: 2017-05-12 06:40:35
Yes, I want that, because that would be the time when you can buy BigMacs at $500 each or 5 mBTC.
@_date: 2017-05-12 06:46:54
They started it, people will generally assume and act as if they control it.
Look at every other altcoin where some head developer can be pointed at and be seen as "Za Boss".
Satoshi's greatest gift to us all was not Bitcoin.  Satoshi's greatest gift to us all was his death.  Long live Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-01 03:55:42
Which one, SPV mining?  I don't know, I wasn't looking when it became a thing a few years ago; my understanding is that miners removed the code that verifies blocks so that they could speed up their mining.  Size increase?  Well that's why SegWit is being done, which (to my understanding) introduces some optimizations so that verification is cheaper, so larger block sizes can be verified.
@_date: 2017-05-12 22:32:32
He said he had a terminal disease, not sure how long is "long" here.
@_date: 2017-05-05 03:12:40
Small block limit was added because of excessive loads on the entire network when increased without an optimization.  SW is the optimization.  You cannot increase the block limit without applying the optimization first.
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:01:50
I prefer off-chain coffee ^^
@_date: 2017-05-13 23:51:26
Your computer can process thousands of transactions easily.  It's networks which can't.  In LN, transactions only involve the payer, the payee, and any computers they use along the route; if routes get congested the payer can make a direct channel to the payee.  This is unlike Bitcoin, where everybody mining and running a full node is involved in transactions.  Hence, LN is considered a superior scaling solution to any on-chain solution, simply because of the fact that transactions do not need to be broadcast to everybody, just those involved in it.
@_date: 2017-05-04 13:23:12
Yes. Do Fiat cost averaging: commit to buying some small constant amount in fiat (dollars, pounds, euro, peso, yen, yuan) on a weekly or monthly basis. For example buy $10 a week.
Install Electrum on your computer. Make a wallet and save the 12 word seed on a piece if paper, write legibly and slowly. Then create a watching only wallet. See Electrum docs for this. Delete the original full wallet. Make sure the seed phrase is legible, safe from fire and water, and will not leave your control.
Buy from an exchange: localbitcoins works well. Then transfer to your watching only Electrum wallet. Do so for a few years. Divest, buy house, etc
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:43:41
UASF: arise cat
@_date: 2017-05-09 23:11:04
Don't matter.  If we talk shit about banks that take other people's money, put them on risky investment strategies in a volatile market, and then asking for help when their risk doesn't pay off, we should talk shit about that boy taking his sister's inheritance, putting it in a risky investment strategy, and then asking for help when his weak hands pull out at the wrong time.
@_date: 2017-05-24 02:56:04
Further, if a softforked-SegWit chain persists in parallel with a non-softforked-SegWit chain:
SegWit outputs are anyone-can-spend on non-softforked-SegWit chain.
After SegWit is activated on the BIP148 chain, you move your coins to a SegWit P2WPKH (which is a anyone-can-spend on the non-BIP148 chain).
Replay the transaction on both BIP148 and non-BIP148.
Savvy users on the non-BIP148 chain snap up the anyone-can-spend funds on the non-BIP148 chain and sells them on the market, putting a downward pressure on the non-BIP148-coin's price.
If enough whales are on board BIP148 and transfer their funds to P2WPKH/P2WSH on the BIP148-chain, this simultaneously signals commitment to the BIP148-chain (because they'd lose their hodlings on the non-BIP148-chain if they transfer to a SegWit wallet) and floods the non-BIP148-chain with extra coins, putting downward pressure on the non-BIP148-chain price.
(I might not be understanding how it all works: someone with better grasp of Bitcoin tech needs to double-check the above.)
@_date: 2017-05-26 05:22:00
This is gentlemen.  Only sell if you need to get through today.  Otherwise with the disinflation and eventual deflation, anything you spend now will be worth more goods in the future.  Bitcoin encourages frugality!
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:22:33
I move to close the nomination.
Okay, we will now use Emergent consensus to vote!  Whoever gets the longest chain of comments first wins!  And I won't accept your vote if your chain is less than my specified AD!
@_date: 2017-05-13 04:42:26
But Lightning is vaporware!! /s
@_date: 2017-05-04 01:46:02
The off-chain transactions are tracked only by the two participants in a channel.  On-chain transactions are tracked by everyone, including the NSA, Google, and any hacked IoT refrigerator.
That's how you achieve scale: don't bother everyone with your transactions unless necessary.
@_date: 2017-05-03 01:32:24
Looks like MinersFolly has picked a side.  The propaganda agaisnt MeniRosenfeld has succeeded.  Sad and does not further a solution.
@_date: 2017-05-01 15:16:23
USA citizens, no matter where they are, are required by law to treat that as capital gains and to figure it as capital gains tax.  This is a pain to compute.
Other countries have not indicated if their equivalent of capital gains tax applies to Bitcoin, so that's an open question mark.
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:50:14
What you like to think is not necessarily what is.
That's why we use SCIENCE! and MATHEMATICS!  We need to correct what we think. and we need aids like SCIENCE! and MATHEMATICS! to do that.
Consider that identity is not a constant.  What you were 3 years ago was arguably a different person than you are now (did you even know Bitcoin then?).  What percentage of who you were 3 years ago is the same as you are now?  If your personality could be emulated within 90% accuracy of what it is today, is it so different as a change of 3 years?  If your personality could be emulated could be emulated within 99% accuracy of what it is right now, is it so different as the change introduced by a good night's sleep?
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:46:57
Dice may be good enough for random source.  If someone has the ability to see dice you're rolling yourself, while you're sitting in a locked room with the windows closed, well, a lot of the crypto primitives you feed quantum random numbers from the geiger counter to are hackable, so adding quantum randomness won't really affect security.
Just roll a single 6-sided die 99 times, that should be enough entropy to securely generate a 256-bit key.  Or flip a coin 256 times.
@_date: 2017-05-22 04:52:21
Technically, August triggers lock in for the difficulty retarget, which is at least 14 days on average, and then activation of SegWit after another difficulty retarget, which is again another at-least-14-days.  Then LN has to form on BTC.  So for a more realistic schedule, maybe nearer to mid-September or so at earliest.
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:58:01
Yes.  It will store the same value in all possible chain splits, unless you use one chain to sweep it/spend it.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:22:03
Doesn't say it won't be activated as a hardfork, and a 2Mb increase requires a hardfork.
Jihan is claiming both SegWit and 2Mb hardfork would get activated at the same time, so there's the possibility that it'll be SegWit hardfork code.
@_date: 2017-05-03 03:49:12
I've always had good results with 
You can buy on their platform, meet up with someone who accepts by cash and personal meetup, then go home and transfer the bitcoin to your cold wallet (preferably a paper wallet or hardware wallet).  Or you might get a seller who accepts bank cash deposits or whatever, depending on your exact location.  The costs can be up to 10% higher, but it depends; I once bought coins at 2.5% lower than the exchange rate Google reported.
@_date: 2017-05-25 10:53:57
more than 0, less than Satoshi's stash.
Plan to hold it until it reaches x10 my investment.  Then I'll sell maybe 10%.
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:11:32
I agree.
BIP TLDR: Blocks are hard limited by 2Mb size and 4M weight (compare SegWit which has only 4M weight limit and in theory can reach 2.2Mb if full of SegWit-only multisig-spending txs).  Non-SegWit transactions get a discount on signatures.  Also, block covert ASICBOOST even for blocks with only non-SegWit txs (Footnote 1).  Also, after BIP141 or BIP148 only.
(Footnote 1) Assuming my understanding of the txid merkle root thing is correct.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:47:43
I guess I oversimplified.  Given a UTXO commitment at block N, and blocks N, N+1.... N+x, the probability of somebody cheating reduces as x increases.
Basically, it allows an SPV client to get a UTXO set without having to query a full-node server and revealing which addresses it is interested in.
@_date: 2017-05-05 01:58:45
Yeah, and they switched it to Proof-of-Stake, where all those holding most of the money get to mint more of that money.
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:55:00
I'll help you lose your coins too!
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:40:27
Love how you edited out the actual text.
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:18:48
Because Liquid, and AXA, and Borgstreamnorthcorea, so they don't want to scale even though some of their hirelings are working on Lighning Network and they were the first ones to present sidechains!  They want Bitcoin to FAIL so hard, they're paying their employees in Bitcoin!!!  They want to push everything they want into the Bitcoin-qt Core client so badly, their CTO Gmaxwell even let go of his commit rights to the github repository!!!!!!!!!!!   IT'S A CONSIPRACHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! /s
@_date: 2017-07-17 00:02:23
Here's a minimal spec for voting:
OP_NOP? is replaced with the OP_VOTEVERIFY operation.  OP_VOTEVERIFY accepts two arguments on the stack: an nVersion mask and an nVersion value.
During transaction verification, if OP_VOTEVERIFY is performed, it verifies that the containing block's nVersion field, when AND'ed with the mask, is equal to the nVersion value.
The isStandard() function is modified to consider standard P2PKH, P2SH, etc. transactions to still be standard if prepended with &lt;mask&gt; &lt;vote&gt; OP_VOTEVERIFY OP_DROP OP_DROP.
Users who are uninterested in voting (abstain) do not need to change anything.  Users who wish to vote on particular protocol changes will increase their transaction size accordingly.
This change can itself be deployed with a soft fork.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:34:34
He's JonnyLatte.  He's already sold his body to ***become*** bitter brown beans.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:54:07
Aww... well, I'd still not trust an offline store of Bitcoins I didn't make myself, but I just want the physical coin itself ^^.
@_date: 2017-05-09 23:24:09
IRS will jump all over the heir's newfound wealth when said heir starts spending beyond any visible means.
@_date: 2017-05-18 01:11:23
Schnorr.  SNARK-based Chaum blind-signature banks.
Sidechains would enable a lot stuff on these lists to be experimented on:  
Schnorr is planned to be implemented via Script upgrade, and Script upgrade is enabled by SegWit.  SNARK's, if ever, will be implemented via Script upgrade.  The two decentralized sidechain-enabling techs I know of (Blockstream's sidechain SPV proofs, Rootstock's drivechain) require Script upgrade if I understand them correctly.
@_date: 2017-05-09 00:02:31
2017-05-22 (ISO date)
@_date: 2017-05-15 23:20:50
Possibly.  But anyone can be such a "bank" (or hub) without having to ask permission from anyone, so if you can be reasonably sure of your Internet and electricity, any ordinary person can be such a hub.  Even a two-nines (99%) uptime would translate to having about 3.65 days offline, which may be achievable by anyone living in a first-world country, while the 3.65 days downtime may not be such a big deal if there are multiple possible "hubs" you can connect to anyway.
Not to mention that Bitcoin decentralization is dependent on "anyone can be a miner".  Today, miners need cheap electricity and $$$$$$ equipment AND high uptime; an LN hub would only need high uptime and a Raspberry Pi (so cheap electricity is much less pressing need, and brand-new Raspberry Pi ($50) is much cheaper than an Antminer S9 ($3000)).  Yes, theoretically Bitcoin is more decentralized.  Practically?  An LN would be more decentralized, with potentially more high-uptime LN hubs than Bitcoin miner data centers.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:02:25
Which is the point, basically.
So it's not accurate to say "SegWit on bit 4 WILL allow covert ASICBOOST", it's more like "SegWit on bit 4 MIGHT allow covert ASICBOOST".
The problem is that the posturing might mean that:
1.  Non-covert-ASICBOOST miners signal for bit4, as per "80%" proposal.
2.  The bit4 SegWit code is released.
3.  After months of review, just before timeout of bit4, it's discovered that covert ASICBOOST is enabled on bit4 SegWit.
4.  People freak out and some miners decide not to signal bit4 to protect their interests.
5.  SegWit still does not happen.
@_date: 2017-05-24 03:02:12
SegWit as a hardfork (which could be what is meant by bit 4) can move the commitment to all transactions out of the coinbase, preserving covert ASICBOOST.
@_date: 2017-05-20 01:52:20
A composable language can be used (i.e. a stack-based language like Bitcoin Script, or a truly pure language like Haskell but with termination proofs like Agda) to construct an on-chain contract (returning a Boolean value) from off-chain arbitrary-computation contracts.
@_date: 2017-05-03 06:53:34
Satoshi imposed the 1Mb limit a little before he left.  It's not certain why, although Core developers suspect it's because of an unexpectedly high load on non-mining nodes when the limit is increased.  So far, it seems a 2Mb block would be 4x as long to verify, a 4Mb block would be 16x as long to verify, and a 8Mb block would be 64x as long to verify.
So core developers believe that multiplying the on-chain transaction rate by, say, 16, at the cost of multiplying the whole network's load by 256, isn't commensurate.
Hence, core developers are for keeping block sizes low, and using off-chain decentralized solutions such as LN or sidechains.  I believe somebody tipped off Satoshi on this possibility before he left, and Satoshi applied the 1Mb limit to prevent this sudden increase in global workload, and considered it serious enough of a security problem that he kept quiet about it.  Prior to Satoshi putting the limit, there was no block limit.
@_date: 2017-07-11 10:17:34
A joke \^\^
@_date: 2017-05-10 04:03:56
But it's not in the original Bitcoin whitepaper so it's not SATOSHI'S ORIGINAL VISION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! /s
@_date: 2017-05-08 07:29:00
Yes there's a massive dip too, you can buy a lot of Bolivars with Bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:01:10
For a non-sarcastic explanation:
At some point in the future, most of the miner's fees will be earned from transaction fees, not the block subsidy.
Consider the case where Alice, Bob, and Carol are all miners, and blocks are capable of fitting only 1,000 transactions, and there is a mempool of 200,000 transactions.
When Alice mines a block with the 1,000 highest-paying transactions, there are 199,000 transactions that Bob or Carol can still mine.
But consider the case where blocks are so huge, they can easily fit 300,000 transactions.
In which case, if Alice mines all 200,000 transactions in the mempool, Bob and Carol are left with mining empty blocks.  Rather than mine an empty block, Bob and Carol can instead ignore Alice's block, and mine their own 200,000-transaction blocks, and **then** mine an empty block.  This results in chain splits among miners.
Thus, if block sizes are too big, miners have incentive to poach already-mined transactions by ignoring their competition's blocks.
We need a solution that scales off-chain, because at some point in the future, 2,000,000 transaction mempools will be regular, everyday occurrences.
(Greg Maxwell, is a subtle thinker, and sonofliberty_89 is being disingenuous and making it appear that gmaxwell is insane.)
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:07:19
*rummages in OnDaS8M8_'s garbage*
@_date: 2017-07-19 06:49:25
There are different sets of people.  August 1 was declared first by UASF/BIP148.  Then came BIP91 by Barry Silbert and companies, who had to hurry and get code working that would enable SegWit before August 1 or else chainsplit due to the predeclared August 1 BIP148.
@_date: 2017-05-01 18:08:58
Although the most common dialect of English was infected with a "two negatives become a positive" meme, you ain't never gonna find no other language, or even minor dialects of English, that accept that supposedly "logical" rule; in those languages (and minor English dialects) two negatives mean really, really, really negative.
@_date: 2017-07-01 10:11:50
It's one possibility.  Another high-probability suspect is Hal Finney.  A distant third probability is Wei Dai.  More distant still, Adam Back.
But yes, S.N. being N.S.'s sockpuppet is what sells it for me.
@_date: 2017-05-04 01:39:38
It's a USD dip!  We should buy now while it's cheap!  Who knows, maybe it could be worth more than 1 Bitcoin some day!
@_date: 2017-05-09 23:40:52


If I took an exact copy of your computer elsewhere, without your knowledge, would it even matter? Regardless of whether ***you*** would prefer to treat them as different: would you consider it theft of your property?  But I left "your" computer alone, and never took it!


[An interesting story about such possibilities](
@_date: 2017-07-10 02:43:28
WTF?  "less clever" is not "idiot", sheesh.
Proof-of-space is an attempt to be better than proof-of-work.  One of the old cypherpunks is doing research on this, forgot his name (this idiotic nerdling is not interested in looking for his name on your behalf).  Proof-of-stake is an older attempt but is known to be subject to many problems, as seen here: 
Many of these still seem subject to the same fundamental problem, which is that people already with large resources can trade those resources for control over proof-of-whatever, which may be a hard physical limitation akin to the thermodynamic laws.  Indeed, even capitalism, which needs competition as a basic assumption behind it, seems difficult to prevent monopolies.  Positive feedback loops where some amount of control allows greater amounts of control to be leveraged further over time seem to keep wanting to exist.
@_date: 2017-05-10 04:44:13
Basically they are small, always-offline computers you can connect by USB port to your main computer.  They are used to store your private keys (i.e. equivalent to your Electrum wallet).  They ensure your private keys (and therefore access to your money) cannot be stolen even in case of malware on your computer.
Electrum has integration with them, although you'll make a new Electrum wallet file for that.
Trezor is $99, dunno about other's prices.
@_date: 2017-07-28 06:08:25
Don't know \^\^.  It's an option when creating a wallet on the PC version.
@_date: 2017-07-27 09:47:53
But running more full nodes slows down the miners! /s
@_date: 2017-07-10 09:55:36
* UTXO set commitments
* zk-SNARK-based sidechains, the way GMaxwell intended them to be made (with SegWit version numbering, maybe possible as a softfork though)
* Make everything P2SH
* Confidential transactions
* Expand timestamp to 64-bit so that we can use Bitcoin past 2106 or something
* Change header format ordering so that ASICBOOST-like "optimizations" are impossible.
@_date: 2017-07-24 10:55:02
Certainly eventually, not so sure about **now**.
That said that ZmnSCPxj character has never contributed any code, so maybe they were just blowing him/her off politely.
@_date: 2017-07-28 14:20:13
To be absolutely technical, a timelocked UTXO requires that the transaction spending the UTXO to have `nLockTime` equal or greater than the specified timelock.  The `nLockTime` of a transaction must be greater than or equal to the block height/block time of the block it is mined in (`nLockTime` can be used as either a block height or a block time).
Now, what you call a "cheat" transaction is really an obsolete unilateral close transaction.  It becomes a "cheat" transaction if a newer unilateral close transaction has been signed and a revocation key is given to the other side.
In a unilateral close transaction, the portion of the channel to your counterparty is spendable by the counterparty immediately but the portion going to you is a hashlocked timelocked UTXO.  The timelock lets you spend, the hashlock lets your counterparty spend.  The secret data that satisfies the hashlock is the revocation key, and you won't reveal this to your counterparty.  When channel state is updated, you make a new revocation key for the new channel state and send its hash to your counterparty, the counterparty creates the above transaction allowing him/her to spend immediately and having your output on a revocable timelock, signs it and sends it to you.  Then you send the old state's revocation key, which completes the update of the channel state.
To cheat, you use an old state where more of the money belongs to you than to your counterparty.  But old state has the revocation key already given to your counterparty.  Your side of the transaction is timelocked, and you cannot spend from it until the timelock.  When your counterparty notices the cheated transaction, he or she can spend from your side using the revocation key you gave him/her before.
As a first approximation, a cheat transaction can be included in a block at any time, but the cheater can't spend from it until the timelock.  Before the timelock it is possible to reveal the revocation key and revoke the transaction.
It's highly technical, so you can either try to grok what I described above with the help of  , or just trust me when I say that no, a miner on LN can only cheat if they have a large portion of hashpower and can overtake the rest of the miners until the timelock expires.  I suggest trying to grok more in detail (don't trust, verify); you can ask me for more information but I need to know first how much you understand of the Lightning tech and what lies underneath it.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:59:00
Respect your ~~m~~Mother if you want respect
Edit: capitalized Mother
@_date: 2017-05-03 22:23:40
Heck, it could also be "any publicity is good publicity, I don't care what they print just make sure they got my name right" effect.  Some people who sneered at Bitcoin as that lame nerd play money some years ago may have triggered FOMO at realizing Bitcoin is still alive now.  There's even Microsoft's blockchain notary feature, and EFF's fight against Bitlicense in CA USA.
Glass-half-full man...
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:05:56
Can you open both wallets?  If you did 2-of-2 you should have two Electrum wallet files,possibly on different computers.
@_date: 2017-05-09 05:28:31
Sure.  But the devil is in the details.
@_date: 2017-07-03 05:58:06
Well, the individual full nodes gossip among themselves, so if one transaction is broadcast first, then most of the full nodes will reject the other transaction.  You'll need to broadcast both at nearly the same time and to different nodes, so it's a bit chancy to double-spend.
@_date: 2017-05-02 03:56:35
Coin age heuristics are already on track for removal in Bitcoin Core.  In addition, miners apparently have already started to remove the coin age heuristics in practice, hence the unprecedented long wait times for just-slightly-too-low tx fees.
Bundling together multiple inputs will increase transaction length, which is the whole point why dust is such a problem.
@_date: 2017-07-17 08:39:28
For what it's worth, it's almost 7 years ago, so *maybe* he's better now.
@_date: 2017-07-09 02:35:25
TLDR: The fee market is the worst possible system, except for all the other possible systems.
@_date: 2017-07-10 04:12:38


This is precisely the problem.  Somebody can hack your Internet connection and make it appear that 100% of nodes want to vote one way, when in reality just 1% is.  It's the whole point of my "how do you know everyone else you're talking to isn't a brainwashed robot?" analogy.  It's not just your internet connection - people can easily run thousands of nodes with a sufficient VPS contract.


IP addresses can be spoofed easily.


That's (approximately) what OP_VOTE does, although OP_VOTE pays to miners.  One can argue that the lottery here is the proof-of-work system done by the miners.
One way to "distribute" the economic power would be to just burn the coins involved in voting.  So instead of miner-based voting, voting is done by burning to particular special voting addresses, which cannot ever be spent in the future.  This effectively redistributes economic power to the largest hodlers, since the coins burned reduces the number of bitcoins available and thus makes bitcoin more valuable, having reduced supply.  Unfortunately this style incentivizes hodlers to not vote, since you gain a lot more by not voting.
More complex schemes like a lottery would involve more code and hence more risk.


No.  Operations like OP_HASH160 etc etc are part of transactions.  If you're paying to a P2PKH address (i.e. an address that start with "1") you'd be putting the operations "OP_DUP OP_HASH160 &lt;the address here&gt; OP_EQUALVERIFY OP_CHECKSIG" into your transaction.  OP_VOTE would just be added to your transaction similarly.  Since you can transact without downloading the entire blockchain (e.g. SPV clients like Electrum) then you can use OP_VOTE without downloading the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-05-07 10:21:54
Not your hardware, not your hash
@_date: 2017-07-19 06:58:50
@_date: 2017-05-06 18:55:20
Trivial to sybil.  Make a dummy account, spend 1 satoshi on an OP_RETURN with random data, put change back into same PKH (if the total value is small relative to your wealth, you won't care if quantum computers in 5 years can steal it).
I'm talking complete removal of the block subsidy.  Miner-made spam is disincentivized. Empty blocks disincentivized. Miners switch to protocol that feeds entire blocks.  Miners find out just how painful large blocks are to the rest of the network (most of them use "SPV" mining, which means they care only about headers at this point, and only mine full blocks as a side effect of being unlucky).
@_date: 2017-05-09 22:01:37


Why?  If the copy allows changes that in the transformation are equivalent to "crossing out some words, writing a new word at the end", how is that fundamentally different from the original, which does so via physical processes of destroying neurons and creating new neural connections?


Why do they believe that?  Is it true?
Intuitions are not necessarily correct.  People used to greatly oppose organ transplantation as unnatural and a perversion of nature.
Suppose I were to replace a neuron of your brain with a mechanical replacement whose operation is indistinguishable from the existing neuron.  It destroys connections and creates connections in exactly the same way the original neuron, with one crucial difference: it will not succumb to the causes of Alzheimer's.  Does your self disappear, replaced with a soulless clone?  How about if I replace two?  Three?  All?


Well, then: were we to take a copy of you, and destroy the original in the process, it is somehow better?
Consider the Star Trek "transporter". One dematerializes from one place, and rematerializes elsewhere.  If a technological advance occurs, where the transporter is capable of reconstructing someone without destroying the original, is it strictly worse than having to destroy the original to create the transported self?
Or are transporters in Star Trek inherently murdering people and leaving soulless copies elsewhere?
Outside of the story, why should you accept those characters as "the same person", after "transportation"?
There is more to this philosophy of self.  Try reading up on some of Daniel Dennett's works, as well as Eliezer Yudkowsky.
@_date: 2017-05-09 13:59:47
Below is a short copy of what I left my wife:
1.  Keep the 12 words safe.  Don't share it with anyone unless you want to our Bitcoins stolen.
2.  The 12 words are for a tool called Electrum.  Install it from  .
3.  Transfer the Bitcoin to an exchange.  We used  before, you can try that again.  Remember it's an escrow service.  Sell the bitcoins for $LOCAL_CURRENCY.  You may need to split up the sale into multiple smaller batches.
4.  If you have trouble with electrum, try asking help from  .  Never reveal the 12 words.
5.  If you have trouble with localbitcoins, tray asking help from  .  Never reveal your localbitcoins login credentials.
@_date: 2017-05-25 01:47:35
With 9 million fiat, which can experience sudden inflation if the government turns to sh\*t, why not bother?
@_date: 2017-05-17 08:35:13
Testnets like Core does,  but basically each testnet is an altcoin, so yes.  Apparently BU has the philosophy "Mainnet ***is*** testnet!!1!1!!!eleven!!!"
@_date: 2017-07-09 08:46:10
How would you count nodes?  If I do some coding shenanigans and run 100 processes of Bitcoin Core on my Raspberry Pi, should I get more 100x more money than someone who runs a single Bitcoin Core process?
@_date: 2017-07-26 09:21:51
In addition to venzen's excellent summary, I'd like to show this paper: 
Paper TLDR: Once block rewards become smaller than typical fee rewards of blocks, miners will tend to start orphaning each other's blocks rather than building on other blocks.  Thus, once block rewards drop low enough, a block size limit is still required that is small enough to prevent miners from being able to empty the mempool, otherwise multiple chainsplits will happen.
@_date: 2017-07-10 09:44:49
I'm asking about soft forks, which basically means that the "valid transaction" judgment of some nodes is different (more restrictive) than other nodes.
Without blocks, the growth of the append-only database is unregulated, which basically leads me to think that the growth of the append-only database will become much faster than even Ethereum's if a coin or side"chain" with this tech gains mass adoption.
This can be mitigated by UTXO set commitments so that new nodes 8 years down the line don't need to download the entire DAG chain, but now nodes need to keep multiple UTXO sets in-memory (since each tx tip would have their own UTXO set that is not similar to other's); nothing a good functional/persistent-immutable set can't handle, but functional/persistent-immutable sets have more space overhead.
So yes, nice proof-of-concept.  Still needs a lot of work to make it into a coin that can handle mucho dinero in the scale of Bitcoin.  Note that IOTA, DAGcoin and ByteBall all use a similar structure.  Ethereum's GHOST protocol has Uncle Blocks which are slightly similar.
@_date: 2017-05-04 05:08:23
No, Bitcoin is the agents shooting Neo, only for Neo to raise his hand and stop the bullets in mid-air, because honey badger.
@_date: 2017-05-17 11:09:59
That's the whole point of two-way pegs - force the altcoin rivers back to the Bitcoin sea.
Sidechains let true innovation to be built on top of an existing store of value, instead of letting innovators contend with having to bootstrap a new coin's value just to show their coin's innovation.
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:53:57
You may not care about politics, but politics may care about you.  Be careful, be safe, good luck!
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:57:56


So SPV nodes sacrifice their privacy, while full nodes sacrifice several bitcoins on hardware.
@_date: 2017-07-07 00:07:40
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:25:57
No, I'm suggesting that miners be paid only tx fees, and not the free money per block.
How did that become POS?
@_date: 2017-05-01 00:06:14
I think his point is more of "I got so much money but I have to live like an ordinary guy with a day job WTF?  What's the point if I can't even do X?"
@_date: 2015-03-09 15:59:45
I agree.  Why is this not done?
@_date: 2017-05-14 12:28:29
Um.  UASF ***is*** a flag day.  BIP148 = 2017-08-01.
@_date: 2017-05-13 13:55:27
Nobody did. It's just a number represented in Base58, which human brains understanding English think reads "Bitcoin eater address don't send". If you can find a private key whose public key, when hashed, equals that number, then you can get the money. Good luck though, since that is probably going to take longer than the current age of the universe or something
@_date: 2017-07-30 09:13:59
The encrypted image file is equivalent to an encrypted desktop wallet.
Better to print and remove all traces of the image from your computer.
@_date: 2017-05-21 02:28:36
That's correct so far ^^
Hopefully nobody else manages to steal Bitcoin's lunch money.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:00:46
A tool called vanitygen, which basically tries random keys until the public key hash starts with your desired prefix.
@_date: 2017-05-10 08:35:38
Short term?  Never is a good time.  In short: by the time you learn anything substantial about the market on reddit, it has already affected market price and you're too late already.
Long term?  Now is always a good time.  Keep buying a fixed fiat amount regularly (say $10 a week).  Do this for a year or two.  Wait a few more years.  Sell a fixed bitcoin amount regularly to exit.  Profit.
@_date: 2017-07-03 05:48:43
But a miner can't actually disregard transaction signatures, because SegWit requires that the signatures be committed to: 
If a miner tries to grind blocks without signatures, then full nodes that validate completely including the witness will reject those blocks.
So the attack requires everyone to not run a full node.
@_date: 2017-07-24 14:24:15
The difference between a soft fork and a hard fork is that a soft fork tightens rules while a hard fork loosens (and therefore breaks) rules.
@_date: 2017-07-31 09:23:07
I have some of the skills necessary for this and I've been proferring it on reddit for a while already.
A team of people with actual semiconductor design capability is needed; I'm not enough.  Some coding skill would be helpful especially for building the tools needed for async if we decide to go async.
@_date: 2017-07-12 05:16:14


WTF?  I said: "So: cross-cryptocurrency exchanges and payment processors will find their businesses either collapsing, or having to compete or integrate very well with decentralized systems enabled by SegWit. Blockchain analysis companies will find their jobs much harder."
Also: "So I think that's a major economic change, given that most of the "big name" companies in the Bitcoin space are either exchanges (and possibly used as cross-cryptocurrency exchanges), payment processors, or blockchain analysis companies."
You're not paying attention, so I don't think I want to converse with you anyway.
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:25:06
Just fiat cost average.  Commit yourself to buy a fixed amount of fiat, ignoring whatever the current cost is, for a year or two or so on.  Like say, commit yourself to buying $80 per payday.
Once you're comfortable with that and are willing to take on more work/risks, divert some regular amount (e.g. $20 per payday) to a fiat account (or just track how much it is in a spreadsheet somewhere) and look for dips, then buy the dip using the diverted amount total.
Keep it simple.
Also, make sure to use something that keeps your private keys offline.  Hardware wallet if you can acquire one, or use Electrum, save the generated words on paper (and store the paper safely: I put my family's in a ziploc bag in a fire-resistant safe), then make a watch-only wallet and delete the full wallet.  That way you can keep track of your hodlings without risking getting hacked.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:08:19
No, this is just 12! (12 factorial) combinations.  That's approximately only 28.8 bits of safety.  The 12 words themselves are about 128 bits of security, so just giving them in random order sacrifices 100 bits of security.
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:49:31
Core is a loose conglomerate/group of developers.  The main ones you'll see in are Greg Maxwell (and Luke Dashjr (@_date: 2017-05-10 13:54:55
Paper kept away from light, heat, and wetness can last centuries.  I doubt the best electronics can boast that.
(you gotta give me some definition of "multiple years", you know)
@_date: 2017-05-18 23:01:39
Uh, yeah, that''s what I said, it's more trouble to add that utxo with the rest of the money when it's spent.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:46:21
You can try reading their source code.  Download the webpage as a full webpage and use a text editor on the files, learn how it works.
Or better: download the web page, reboot to a secure Linux LiveCD, disconnect computer physically from network, run the webpage, generate and print.
Note that some printers are "smart" and can be programmed by viruses to save your printed documents.  Prefer to print several dozen paper wallets and then burn the printer (only way to be sure).
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:25:26
Wow, those 2-year-olds got me beat.
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:04:38
Well when a big bunch of your colonies up and made up a federated nation and rebelled against you, and you lost...
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:23:08
Any attack would boost its hashrate and risk that the legacy chain will suddenly find itself orphaned.
Thus attackers of a UASF will need to keep more than half their rate in the legacy chain, subtly changing the dynamics.
@_date: 2017-05-09 03:50:02
Well lemme tell you about how I *almost* got born to a Japanese family named Nakamoto to a father who wanted to name his son Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-07-27 09:59:05
Real estate and stocks, then.
@_date: 2017-07-04 01:43:13
I felt that way years ago after I saw BTC rise from $30 to $200.
Just buy now, no need to time the market.
@_date: 2017-07-27 09:50:13
@_date: 2017-05-15 21:46:11
The economically optimal behavior by miners (include only the highest tx rates in a block) is effectively an auction, whether or not it's consciously chosen as such.
@_date: 2017-05-25 00:57:06
Well bitcoin shares are individual satoshi, so technically if bitcoin is less than $1,000,000,000 per BTC he'd be correct!!!
@_date: 2017-07-08 00:42:37
"address" or "keypair".
@_date: 2017-05-02 03:46:43
$1 = 0
And then it was evening and morning, the first day of cryptocurrency
@_date: 2017-07-12 04:14:13
Yes, the problem is when signing chains of transactions, for example the way Lightning Network requires them.  You need a T1 and T2 where T2 spends T1's output.  To ensure nobody can get their funds hostaged, T2 must be signed before T1 is signed.  Without signature segregation (i.e. SegWit) this is not possible.
I suggest reading up on off-chain transaction models and how those models are simply unfeasible without either SegWit or BIP140.
@_date: 2017-05-16 00:21:09
Thank you very much also!
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:56:59


So there may be fraud and thievery right now, which we can't see yet.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:10:20
A decentralized database would by necessity be a publicly-accessible database.
Now consider the ramifications of having your password database becoming publicly-accessible.
Even with salting, your password database is accessible continuously 24/7 for as long as the decentralized password database exists, so all it will take to find any user's password is time.  Even if a user changes his or her password, the changed password is automatically propagated to the publicly-visible decentralized password database.
You could encrypt the private key with the password and never store the password, but here's the problem: human beings suck at password generation.  They'll use a password they use in some pointless forum about Pokemon, and when the Pokemon forum is hacked, it turns out they store passwords in the clear or without a salt, and now the hacker has access to their BTC.
People don't change password often.  So with the publcly-accessible database visible, all it takes is time.
People often select lousy passwords.  Lousy advice like "at least one capital, one small, one digit, and one symbol" leads to lousy passwords like "P4$$word".  Hackers already know this.
Sorry but if you're storing life savings, you can't rely on mere passwords.  You need passphrases, and you probably want passphrases that are randomly generated. 
And you know what?  Those private keys can be stored in 12 apparently-random words.
@_date: 2017-05-23 08:40:11
Browsing at home on Reddit.  I think it was less than &lt;$1 at the time.
Really fucking stupid of me not to have gotten some cheaply then.  Sigh.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:49:19
Sidechains require some sort of side-to-main peg.  There are a few implementations:
1.  Federated Peg - a "large" number of "decentralized" parties (the federation) form a multisig address  You go to this "large" number of parties and deposit to the multisig address, the sidechain sees the deposit and somehow creates the coins on the sidechain under your address.  To get it back, you ask permission to the federation, which destroys your sidechain coins and releases mainchain coins to you.  Can be used today even without SegWit, although Schnorr will improve this greatly (and Schnorr is supposed to be implemented when SegWit activates)
2.  ZK-snarks - Needs an additional ZK-snark capability to Bitcoin.  The address you post to for main-to-side pegs pays to a ZK-snark program.  To get your money from side-to-main, you take a section of the sidechain blockchain, run it through the ZK-snark program, which confirms that you transferred the side-to-main and that the sidechain confirmations are sufficient.  On the mainchain, you construct a proof that you ran the ZK-snark program (that's the point of ZK-snark's, you can create a compact proof that you ran it faithfully without modifying the ZK-snark and without revealing the large number of sidechain blocks you fed it) and get the money paid to a ZK-snark on the mainchain.  Needs pay-to-ZK-snark, which is supposedly under development by Blockstream.
3.  Drivechains - Needs some miner voting.  For the main-to-side peg, you pay to a lockbox which only miner votes can unlock.  When you want a side-to-main peg, you create a transaction requesting it, some miner confirms it, then miners that are monitoring the sidechain look at the sidechain blockchain, check that the money is really yours, and vote on your side-to-main mainchain transaction.  After enough votes the lockbox is released and you get coins on the mainchain.  Basically instead of trusting a novel new cryptographic construct (ZK-snark) we trust the miners, because we've always trusted the miners (which is the logic of Drivechains).
@_date: 2017-05-26 05:01:40
Two months, and it's still earlier this year, right?
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:25:02
Haha, yes \^\^
@_date: 2017-05-09 07:40:48
It largely depends on how much trust you put to Tether the company.  If you think people trust them too little, buy USDT.  If you think people trust them too much, short USDT.
@_date: 2017-05-01 07:34:48
Yes, now crypto researchers are trying to find out if we can make a currency based on spending the lives and health of actual people by making them dig holes in the ground to look for rare metals.  This activity causes new currency to be created, so as an analogy to the Bitcoin activity that creates new money it's called "mining".
@_date: 2017-05-11 12:37:09
Yeah it'll switch to a POS with Jihan as the only mint.
@_date: 2017-07-27 08:24:45
Nah, I just saw wouldof_couldof_bot mishandle this "could of course" case in another subreddit, and thought it was real funny because the poster being incorrectly corrected by the bot started arguing with it and kept repeating the "could of course" bit over and over again just to mess with it.
I never saw that bot operate in that sub again. \^\^
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:06:03
No, that's a backronym.  The original hodl: 
After that it became famous and people started using it instead of "buy and hold"
@_date: 2017-05-12 07:01:23
WTF?  Miners already can completely threaten the network by simply mining empty blocks, and with EC they can completely threaten the network by simply voting for a size beyond what ordinary home computers can validate.  ***There are no small blockers.  There are people who don't want miners to have too much power.***
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:32:14
Just a plain fiat cost average for me.  Was very lucky recently - my scheduled time to buy corresponded to a dip.  I'll try buying dips if I can afford them.
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:52:29
The major value of Bitcoin is that it's not inflationary.  There will only be 21 million Bitcoins produced, ever, and there are already about 16 million in circulation.  This is unlike the case of ordinary fiat currencies, where there is no defined cap on the number of (for example) dollars, the Fed will produce more if it thinks it's a good idea.
Transaction fees are not really relevant to decentralization.  Any movement of value will have some friction, which represents fees.  Even cash requires some friction: you need to meet up in the same location and swap coins and bits of paper until the proper value is transferred.
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:53:34
Wrong.  If a block fits N transactions, you need to be in the top N of the mempool when sorted by fee rate.  If the block fits 2 * N transactions, you need to be in the top 2 * N of the mempool fee rate ranking, which is an easier target (it's easier to come in at least 20th than to come in at least 10th in a race).  The bigger the blocks, the easier to get into a block and the cheaper it is to DoS blocks.
If blocks are limited to 1Mb, you can fit about 2,000 transactions, so you need to pay a fee in the top 2,000 transactions.  If blocks are limited to 2Mb, you can fit about 4,000 transactions, so you need to pay a fee that reaches only the top 4,000 transactions.
Given the "long tail" effect, a mere doubling of block size will quickly lower the minimum fee to get into a block, greatly decreasing the cost of spamming the blocks with transactions.  This increases the use of blocks until we get back to the current equilibrium.
Increase the block size further, and more people will use the block space inefficiently.
Remember back in the day, what Moore's Law giveth, Bill Gates taketh away?  It'll be the same.
@_date: 2017-07-10 08:34:23
Nice, and proposed by Sergio Damian Lerner and others some years ago.
What happens in case of a soft fork condition when some verifiers reject transactions that would be accepted by other verifiers?
How fast does the DAG data grow?  Since transactions refer to two other transactions aside from those it spends, some additional overhead is expected.  When a new verifier is spun up, how much data does it have to download after, say, 8 years?
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:47:56
You should have bought 5 years ago.
Since you're late, you should buy now.  Fiat cost averaging: precommit to buying a fixed amount of fiat every fixed amount of time, e.g. $100 per month.  This averages out any fluctuations.
Do that for a year or two.  Keep working and save your money.
Wait a few more years.  Check BTC price again.  You might then be able to buy your own home, yacht, or whatever.
@_date: 2017-07-03 03:54:05
As others said, this will only work if nobody runs full nodes other than miners, and miners decide to hack the validation code in Bitcoin Core in an effort to speed up their creation of the next block (i.e. comment out the part that checks SegWit signatures, so that the block is "validated" faster).
Note that SPY mining is already done by miners now.  Basically, the reason why you occassionally see empty blocks that come in less than a minute after the previous full block is:
Alice, a miner, finds a block.  Bob, another miner, is SPYing on Alice, and knows immediately that Alice found a block.  However Bob has not received the block yet, he just knows the block header.  Bob creates an empty block (since Bob is not sure which transactions are in Alice's new block, so it's safest to make an empty block instead) and starts grinding that block.  Once Bob receives Alice's block and verifies it in full, Bob can now generate a full block and starts grinding the full Bob block.
If Alice sent only the legacy block data without the segregated witness, then Bob will just keep grinding an empty block.
@_date: 2017-07-12 05:14:54


This is correct.  The incomplete part is that there is a tradeoff in the channel lifetime.  A short channel lifetime is inconvenient and will alienate users.  A long channel lifetime, however, is tied to when you can recover your coins if the other side of the channel aborts; the channel lifetime is also the amount of time you need to keep the coins locked before you can recover them if your counterparty disappears during opening, which will alienate users.  Thus it is a very unsatisfactory solution that just makes LN much too difficult to use.
@_date: 2017-05-22 09:19:50
Psst.  It's a secret!!!
@_date: 2017-05-12 03:17:44
2 coins for the price of 1! get them while the hardfork is hot! /s
@_date: 2017-05-14 13:07:45
Not anymore.  I eat by CREATING a micronutrient rich industrial sludge IN MUH BELLY.
Crazy how evolution works, eh?
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:12:48
It was $1850 around 2017-07-17, so buying before or after that would be around $1910.
Or maybe he went to an alternate universe where Bitcoin was created in 1902 by Rudolf Hitler, who was born from the sperm that was just behind the sperm that made him Adolf Hitler in our universe.
@_date: 2017-05-24 04:49:36
Human beings are screwed as a species, aren't we.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:31:45
I think it was something to do with Roger Ver, anyone remember him?  Was he that guy who claimed he was Satoshi and got kicked out of North Korea, then rage-quitted on Bitcoin?  I think he was keeping witnesses out (segregate the witness).
@_date: 2017-07-17 07:54:13
Obviously you did not read the linked paper, or even most of my post, for that matter.
@_date: 2017-07-04 05:23:34
Cold storage --- hardware wallets and/or paper wallets.  This is for long term storage that you can be sure will be accessible regardless, and if properly used/generated cannot be hacked.


Good \^\^
@_date: 2017-05-25 17:18:57
See, it's not a problem, it's a feature! automatically wait and earn!  LOL
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:15:05
Hire an accountant.
@_date: 2017-05-05 03:31:58
Trezor's design is open source, you can buy the parts yourself, etch a PCB, assemble a trezor, and flash in the software you compiled yourself.
It's still not perfect (someone competent who you trust still has to go over the design) but it's quite a whole lot better.
That said, a paper wallet in a ziploc bag in a safe is cheaper than a Trezor.
@_date: 2017-05-05 08:50:16
A better strategy than buying an amount at one time, is to regularly buy a reasonably smallish amount.
For example, save $10 a week, and buy $10 worth of bitcoin.  Ignore the bitcoin exchange rate.
Do this for a year or two.
Look after another year or two.  Sell if you need cash.  If it's gone high enough that you can quit your day job, sell everything and live life (or if Bitcoin is widely accepted enough, buy stuff you want and need directly).
@_date: 2017-07-03 07:35:22
Gmax is better than me at this Bitcoin thing: 
@_date: 2017-07-19 00:37:32
Some people like building stuff.  Giving stuff away for free is the basis of today's Free and Open Source Software.  Being able to boast of your 1337 skills is higher priority in some circles than the number of BTC in your cold storage.
@_date: 2017-07-27 02:58:03
Just because you don't know how to spend them doesn't mean a hacker who's installed malware on your computer doesn't know how to spend them.
Electrum supports watch-only wallets, so generate the keys offline and write them to paper, get the public key and create a watch-only wallet, delete the private key "standard" wallet, then go back online.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:39:00
1.  Addresses represent a single public key hash.
2.  Wallets do not represent a single address, they represent multiple addresses, precisely because spending from an address exposes the public key.
So suppose you have the following sequence:
1.  Request a receive address from wallet A for somebody to deposit in.
2.  Send the money from wallet A to wallet B (i.e. request a receive address from wallet B, send from wallet A to wallet B).
3.  Request a receive address from wallet A for somebody else to deposit in.
You will find that wallet A will generate two different receive addresses in step  and step  precisely because wallet A already knows it exposed the public key generated in step 
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:07:25
Yes, but assuming we have to have the timelocks increasing, we need to apply the timelocks on the inputs first before we even consider the outputs.  Then we also need to ensure that the input that goes to the destination at index 0 will have the highest timelock.  Who gets the next lower timelock?  The input that the destination at index 0 will provide, because the destination at index 0 wants to know the adaptor secret before its own timeout.  Unfortunately the input that the destination at index 0 will provide, will go to the destination at index 1.
Assuming you fix the problem of incrementing locktimes, you fix this problem because you no longer have to ensure an ordering of the inputs that is the same as the ordering of the outputs.  You and ZmnSCPxj seem to have something on your blog comments that might fix that.
So basically: if anyone knows the order that the outputs will have incrementing locktimes, they also know the order that the inputs will have incrementing locktimes.
So the issue is really about the incrementing locktimes, which we have to fix.  Once we fix that, we can shuffle both input and outputs separately and ensuring true unlinkability.
Or in other words, suppose the order is A, B, C.  So we know A pays B, B pays C, C pays A.  If I know B's output address, and I know the ordering A, B, C, then I look for C's output address, and I know that B's history is tied to that address, because B paid C.
Think in terms of LN routing.  In LN, the source node has to know the entire route, because it has to give successively lower timelocks to each hop.  This is fine for LN since the source node is hiding its own information only.  This is not fine for S6 since every participant wants to hide its own information.
@_date: 2019-05-27 02:56:27
You mean like a cartel?
@_date: 2019-05-23 08:16:44
Since token issuance will be centralized anyway, you might as well just use a Chaumian Bank instead of a blockchain.  This gives users of your token privacy (so the central authority can only know who it issued tokens to, and who the tokens end up with, but not who gave what tokens to who).
Then users vote by giving their tokens to some political party they are voting for, using the Chaumian Bank protocol to ensure secure transfer and to ensure that not even the political party knows who voted for them.  Then at the end of the voting period, the political parties reveal how much tokens they have, which is the number of votes they received, and the Chaumian Bank protocol ensures that they could only have gotten those tokens (votes) if they were issued to voters and the voters signed off on giving the vote to them.
No blockchain needed.  Besides, with a blockchain, the easiest design is to make everything public, so that leaks who voted for what, which can be very bad.
Only use blockchain if you need to ensure a token issuance schedule that is not centralized, and if you are willing to have the tokens be used to pay for energy to advance the blockchain state.  If it's not that case, don't use a blockchain, because it's not efficient.
@_date: 2017-07-12 04:29:00


Ideally this would be so.  But the bigger picture is built up from smaller aspects, and one must first investigate if smaller aspects have a large enough impact that they affect the bigger picture.  I would argue that transaction malleability indeed is a big enough problem to be just such a widespread smaller-aspect-thing that affects the entire Bitcoin world.
For example, transaction malleability prevents cross-chain atomic swaps.  Cross-chain atomic swaps are a trustless way to trade two "compatible enough" cryptocurrencies.  While centralized or semi-centralized exchanges exist (Poloniex, Shapeshift), a truly decentralized exchange would have much reduced economic friction.  In particular, centralized/semi-centralized are going to demand a cut on any economic activity going through them.
LN's dependency on transaction malleability getting fixed is well-known.
TumbleBit (which sells privacy) would be simplified and/or improved (not sure; I haven't looked at it in detail compared to LN and cross-chain swaps) with malleability fix.  It would also be possible, in principle, to integrate TumbleBit-like services into LN.  This threatens companies that specialize in blockchain analysis.
So: cross-cryptocurrency exchanges and payment processors will find their businesses either collapsing, or having to compete or integrate very well with decentralized systems enabled by SegWit.  Blockchain analysis companies will find their jobs much harder.
So I think that's a major economic change, given that most of the "big name" companies in the Bitcoin space are either exchanges (and possibly used as cross-cryptocurrency exchanges), payment processors, or blockchain analysis companies.


BIP62 fixes transaction malleability but does not separate signatures.  LN at least requires separate signatures (i.e. "segregated witnesses").
BIP140 also separates signatures, but does not allow for a block size increase, and also increases transaction sizes somewhat.  I think (but don't know for certain) that BIP140 was rejected partly because using the improved BIP140 transactions would be more expensive, whereas in BIP141 (SegWit), SegWit transactions are cheaper than non-SegWit transactions.
(note that the witness discount is also the mechanism that makes SegWit transactions cheaper than non-SegWit transactions, so having some witness discount is still needed to incentivize users to switch to using SegWit transactions).
@_date: 2017-07-18 09:18:59
Very low.
@_date: 2017-07-03 04:16:09


Payment routes are routed using an onion construction similar to TOR's.  Nodes cannot usefully filter payments: either the payment goes through, or it doesn't (and the channel gets blacklisted).


Where did you get the "80" number?  lightning-rfc has only 20.  
Just what do you think the attack will be, in detail?
@_date: 2017-05-03 05:26:53
Yes, I remember watching a couple in Japan strolling around the city, picking up trash, on a Sunday there.  They even had a small plastic bag to put the trash in, which was almost empty, because, well, there was hardly any trash in the first place.  Much better use of their time than going to church.
@_date: 2017-07-29 12:56:39
Isn't it proof of stake?  Basically the largest hodler gets to mint that coin.
@_date: 2017-07-10 02:05:54


This is wrong.  It is possible for a SegWit address to send money to a non-SegWit address. That's the whole point of a soft fork.  To your non-SegWit node, it looks like somebody gave you money that was just lying around not being owned, then suddenly it is owned by you.  To everyone else, it's just a standard transfer from a SegWit address to a non-SegWit address.
~~If someone gives you a SegWit address, you can't send to it.  It still doesn't matter because wallets can still generate, understand, and receive into non-SegWit addresses.  So just specify you need a non-SegWit address and if your counterparty refuses, he or she is just being a dick.~~
Edit: Looks like answered you better: 
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:17:19
Unfortunately for you, you'll need to talk to lots of autists, because we autists built the tech you're living on.  Now back off or shut up.


Yes, they are.


Because it's how nodes coordinate on "what we can all agree is correct".  Otherwise some crazy node will keep claiming all sorts of weird things that other nodes will be unable to be sure is correct
The problem, as I stated before, is Sybil attacks.  It is often very cheap to just start up nodes.
Now consider yourself.  You hear all sorts of gossip about what is real.  How sure are you that what you're hearing is true?  You can try asking lots of people - but all of those people might be brainwashed into believing the same thing.  The thing you need to do is check: why does X believe it's true?  That's the proof-of-work: somebody did some work to make sure that what's being claimed is true. Unfortunately nobody can do all of the work in verifying what's true.  So first somebody makes a block: this stuff is true, and this is the work I did to make sure it's true.  Then somebody looks at that block, looks up more stuff that might be true, then does some more work.  The second block is based on the truthfulness of the first, but there's more total work on the second block, so you know that the first block is probably really true.  Then somebody makes a third block, and so on.  Now you have a chain of claims that are known to be true, with the older blocks of claims known to be much more likely to be true (due to the greater total work built on top of it).  That is now something that everyone who isn't insane can agree to be true.
That is why nodes need a blockchain.
Another solution for voting is to create some kind of OP_VOTE opcode, which makes a transaction valid if and only if a particular vote is cast by the miner who mines the transaction in the nVersion field of the header (i.e. this is the bit-based miner voting thing).  Then your cellphone can be configured to emit OP_VOTE opcodes which make your transactions valid only to miners who vote the way you want them to.  Miners opposing the "economic" majority (i.e. miner fees that require a particualr OP_VOTE) will end up earning less than miners promoting the economic majority.
@_date: 2017-07-17 00:13:38
It's not the storage, it's the processing and the sending of the block.  Long-term storage is also a problem: currently at less than 1Mb/block the blockchain is already 100Gb, increasing the block size means that grows even faster.
See some research done two years ago: 
While that research is arguably obsolete now and probably 2Mb blocks are safe (hence why SegWit by itself is OK, as it can achieve 2Mb blocks), the overall trend (every doubling of block size causes an exponential decrease in full nodes that can process the block chain in real time) is still expected to hold.
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:54:17
Probably not, as you would need to test the changes and convince every BIP148'er to run it instead of their current BIP148.
@_date: 2017-07-30 00:51:28
Difficulty adjustments come every 2016 blocks, not every 10 days. If hashrate drops significantly difficulty will take a long time to recover. Not to mention that difficulty can change by 25% at the most.
@_date: 2017-07-01 00:03:48
**S**atoshi **N**akamoto is just **N**ick **S**zabo's sockpuppet.
@_date: 2017-07-14 21:32:46


Am I correct in understanding that removing this code would involve ***another*** hard fork?
Suppose SegWit2x forks at block N, such that there's non-SegWit2x block N and SegWit2x block N.  All miners following SegWit2x create a consensus block N+1.  Then I, a powerful miner with access to lots of new mining hardware and cheap electricity, create an alternate block N+1 that violates this rule, but don't tell it to anyone.
What happens when jgarzik then removes this rule, believing the "transition period" to be over?
@_date: 2017-07-13 08:15:19
But Yellen's coffee!
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:07:16
Don't know about "account", as there is no such thing in Bitcoin, but having multiple sets of private keys is good if you store them separately and/or put them in varying spendability/security tradeoffs (hot wallet, warm wallet, cold wallet, deep freeze wallet).
@_date: 2017-07-05 06:42:25
and there was no proof of work
@_date: 2017-07-24 23:38:01
Gas, but with Bitc***io***n
Title checks out
@_date: 2017-07-31 22:19:34
That's why Emergent Consensus is good for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:25:58
You probably want to do sales via some escrow service.  You and the buyer have an arbitrator.  If you and the buyer agree that the product has arrived, the payment occurs without arbitrator involvement.  If you disagree, the arbitrator steps in. and decides whether to refund or to proceed with payment  I haven't needed to use such services, but a quick google showed  .
Do your own research into this, there may be sites that do a lot more for you (bitrated seems to be *just* arbitration, no building a shopping cart website and etc etc, you have to build that yourself; but note that this is just from a quick google and not in-depth research).  A problem is that the space is still relatively new, so there may be scammy escrow services.  The technology bitrated claims to use is not possible for bitrated to scam you with, unless they are coordinating with the buyer (which is basically something you have to take on trust).
Also, it may help to be more paranoid than sorry.  I suggest downloading  . Get a new email address (for free without filling in real name information from e.g.  ) and a new online handle, only use them within Tor Browser.  If India is banning you from using cryptocurrencies, you probably don't want to be known posting on a cryptocurrency subreddit about selling authentic Indian paintings and dresses.  Ignore this if you're already using Tor.
@_date: 2017-07-23 00:41:08


Incorrect.  SegWit changes how transaction size is computed but the transaction size in bytes is the same.  It's just that the unit is now "weight" and the weight of some fields (specifically the signatures and public keys needed to authorize a spend) is 1/4 the size in bytes.  This leads to an effective block size increase and fee reduction.
Core is not pathologically opposed to 2x block size hardforks, they're pathologically opposed to 2x block size hardforks that come in 3 months.  Safe deployment requires you take your initial estimate, double it, and add a margin, so at least 6 months (if someone is driving a lot of testing, maybe) to a year (for normal activity - remember, Bitcoin is an opensource project and most people working on it are doing it on their own time and on their own personal funds).
@_date: 2017-07-16 23:02:31
In terms of money gained per worry cycles and panic cycles spent, it's very efficient.
@_date: 2017-07-20 08:10:56
Correct, if Sztorc gets his \*\*\*\* together and finishes the side-to-main peg.  He's stuck debating with random Internet trolls about merged mining for some reason.
Federated peg already exists but it is unlikely a lot of people will trust federated pegs.  ZK-Snark-based side-to-main pegs (i.e. the original sidechains idea) is probably still some time further than Drivechains (assuming Sztorc gets the actual peg rolling), as it uses relatively new crypto.
@_date: 2017-07-25 06:10:48
Let's hardfork to 3400USD2400USD1900USDCoin!
@_date: 2017-07-10 01:58:47


It's called Sybil attack, and someone definitely more clever than you figured out that proof-of-work and blockchains can protect against Sybil attacks.
@_date: 2019-05-15 07:52:19
You don't need smart contracts to implement a (centralized) stablecoin.  Colored coins are enough, and you can implement that with any number of methods.
And if your definition of "stablecoin" is "pegged to some traditional national government fiat", then there is no such thing as a decentralized stablecoin, because they all are centralized around their respective ***central*** banks.
@_date: 2019-05-23 08:42:43
A day or less.
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:44:57
Yes, prety much. You don't get information about how much exactly each owns in the common account, but you do know there is some common account.
The cute thing is that it's onion routed,  so if you're asking peter to pay paul, peter doesn't know if you're also going to ask paul to pay someone else. In addition, someone else could have asked you to pay peter, without you knowing if it would end up with just Paul or could go beyond them even further. Only the one making the route knows the entire route.
@_date: 2017-05-07 21:48:51
Use Electrum instead.
Sucks if you transferred to your ARMORY wallet first though, I think you'll need to wait for the blockchain transfer to transfer it elsewhere, at which point it's kinda pointless to use Electrum since you have the blockchain already.
@_date: 2019-05-12 09:52:27
But these solutions are valuable in and of themselves.  For example, the transmission of a ransomware decryption key can be done by this method: the preimage is the decryption key.  For another example, access keys for legally-purchased software can be transmitted over the same method: the preimage is the software access key.  Streaming sites can encrypt the streamed videos and provide the decryption key again as the preimage, preventing users from viewing the stream unless they pay.  And so on.  Since the protocol obscures what the preimage is used for by the buyer, the intermediate node must always assume that the preimage is valuable for itself, and thus cannot operate as a money transmitter.
I mean clothes can be used for the same purpose, yet a clothes dealer must assume that anyone buying clothes is in it for the sake of the clothes, not in order to secretly transmit money across the clothes dealer.
@_date: 2019-05-30 10:36:23
You do have a point.
@_date: 2017-07-19 06:39:35
One problem is that blockchain tech is inherently public.
Human beings absolutely suck at moving away from the first thing that pops into their heads.  It's a problem called anchoring.
The problem is that the first voters will have too much power over later voters, because later voters will see, using the public blockchain, who earlier voters voted for.  They will get anchored on that.
A better consideration would be to use some kind of homomorphic encryption, have each voter encrypt their vote, then perform the homomorphic addition as the vote-counting.  Each voter can confirm if their vote got cast, then after vote-counting the total is decrypted.
Maybe mimblewimble's encryption would help: the poller creates a key P it can decrypt, each voter generates a random blinding factor r and vote for candidate v (with rangeproof that the vote is from 0 -&gt; 1), provide Pr + Pv to the poller and a h(r) precommitment, then the poller sums all voter's Pr + Pv, then the poller receives each voter's blinding factor r and confirms the precommitted h(r) matches.  The poller then subtracts all Pr from the final sum and decrypts the sum of all v.  This would work for an approval-voting system, not the current pick-only-one-candidate-among-a-dozen system.  Note: I am not a real cryptographer and my math may be totally wrong.
But anyway, suffice it to say that it is important for the polling to be secret, but to be accountable later after the votes have been tallied.
@_date: 2019-05-09 08:52:22
There are only two types of exchanges: those which have admitted being hacked, and those which are still covering it up.
@_date: 2017-07-10 04:47:56
It's really the ratio of latency vs. inter-block-time that's problematic.  Increasing the latency increases this ratio, and the higher the ratio, the greater the problem.  Increasing the block frequency reduces the time between blocks, leading to the same problem.
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:38:54
Unless you're using certain kinds of covert ASICBOOST.
@_date: 2019-05-21 09:40:45
It isn't.  This is just speculation, a bunch of people chanting "up, up, up" while they keep their bitcoins on an exchange account because they don't know shit about the technology.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:16:03


Oracles are *trusted*, they're not exceptions.
@_date: 2017-05-03 05:29:05
Here's a much more pessimistic view:
1.  People are going to figure out how to scale without SegWit and without bigger blocks.
2.  In five years people look back and say "remember that crazy scaling shitfest?  Good thing we now have ArgleBargleMargle, which lets us scale without changing Bitoin for all eternity"
@_date: 2017-05-09 04:47:52
Yes, Electrum is much more secure.
That said, if you're running a full node anyway, consider using that as your "warm" wallet instead.
@_date: 2017-05-30 10:05:23


Your understanding is subtly wrong.
All a soft fork is, is this:
1.  The rules for accepting blocks or transactions are tighter in the soft fork than in previous versions.
That's it.  That's all of it.  There's nothing about "if you do not upgrade you get left behind in an orphaned branch".  It means that legacy nodes will get pulled into the direction of soft-forking nodes, if the soft-forking nodes are backed by a majority of miners, without having to upgrade.
This is for non-mining nodes.
The situation is different for miners.  Regardless of hardness or softness, miners take a risk for each fork: they could end up following fork rules that are obsoleted.  This occurs regardless of fork hardness or softness.
Basically: to a chain following the soft fork, any chain split following legacy rules is not Bitcoin.  On the other hand, to a chain following legacy rules, any chain split following the soft fork is still Bitcoin, and could at any time overtake the legacy chain and invalidate any chain split that started out ignoring the soft fork rules.
Thus, a persistent chain split is expected to resolve "quickly" in favor of a soft fork.  However, a persistent chain split is expected to never resolve, and causes multiple chains, in a hard fork situation.
The risk that is downplayed for BIP148 is that an anti-BIP148 soft fork can be made: specifically, any block that derives from the first BIP148 chain split is rejected by anti-BIP148 soft fork nodes.  This creates an effectively hard fork situation, as both chains will never resolve persistently.
@_date: 2019-05-15 11:14:39
I'll give you that :)
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:12:01


As with all products you buy and resell.  So still does not stop being reselling.
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:42:35
But you still won't be able to double-spend it, since the other full nodes will still go around remembering that transaction and rejecting double-spend attempts.
Further, if you are paying to someone else (which, in the context of this discussion, is true), that someone else can force confirmation of your transaction by creating a new transaction on top of yours that pays for a reasonable fee for their transaction and your transaction (i.e. Child-Pays-For-Parent), making it more attractive for miners to mine both your low-fee transaction and their claiming transaction.
@_date: 2017-05-05 06:58:09
It's an optimization that fixes quadratic time proportional to sighashes.  You really can't have bigger blocks without the fix for quadratic time loss.  Without SegWit the cost of verifying a block is the square of its size.
Without the optimization, big blocks are too expensive.
@_date: 2017-05-06 07:11:29
Moonbeam uses timebound channels, and if something goes wrong with your coffee shop provider, it locks up your money for the duration of the time bound.  This makes the time bound uncomfortable: in smooth sailing you want a long time bound (if the time bound was one day you'd have to renew every day), but if trouble happens you want a short time bound (if the time bound was one month and your provider disappears, your funds will be returned to you after one month).
Lightning uses a different scheme to open channels, but requires a malleability fix.  There's also a proposal on the mailing list for channel opens that don't require a malleability fix.
@_date: 2017-05-26 10:35:07
Hi, I find this interesting and would like to support this if possible.
We can consider using asynchronous logic: 
The above collection of papers is about asynchronous logic, from low-level hardware primitives building up to an asynchronous ARM clone, and designing using a CSP-based imperative language that is compiled down to the hardware primitives and eventually gate-level cells plus the special Muller C-element (which does ***not*** come standard in logic libraries).
The real measure for miner hardware is not hash/second, but rather, hash/watt.  Async logic, in theory (based on my reading of the given collection of papers above) has these advantages relative to synch logic:
1.  Generally, we can expect lower power consumption.
2.  Less spiky power draw translating to less need for wide power traces.
3.  Automatic throttling: at higher temperatures the device will run slower and consume less power and hash slower and emit less additional heat, without requiring any external control.  In fact, it would also be possible to have an on-chip temperature-throttling circuit which would increase the logic's supply voltage at low temperatures, which would make it operate even faster when cold.
The disadvantages are myriad:
1.  Very few individuals have the knowledge to design asynch.  This is the biggest problem.  The linked paper helps but is nowhere near enough.
2.  No tools.  There are academic-written tools (Balsa for example) but good luck finding their source code at this point.  Not to mention, expect to find arcane bugs in academic-written code.
3.  Standard logic libraries will not have Muller C-element, which is the most important primitive for async.  Without it, there is no async.
4.  No scan testing, because no flip-flops.  This translates to harder or non-existent IDDQ manufacturing test.  For what it's worth stuck-at fault manufacturing testing will generally have high coverage with practically any functional test.
5.  Weirder functional test.  Most manufacturing test machines expect synchronous circuits, and expect that the output will not change if the clock is stopped, as well as having a fixed number of clocks from input to output.  Async means the manufacturing test needs to wait on the output, which is not what most manufacturing testers expect to do.
However, I suspect that async is probably the way to go, since I suspect it is likely that we cannot beat state-of-the-art sync ASIC miners in time to be relevant.  I suspect we need to enter new tech domains to gain an edge at all, especially if the intent is to have an open design.
@_date: 2017-07-23 15:40:11
This is the objection: 
Lots of people think that increasing block size is about the ability of nodes to store or even transmit the data.  It's not.  It's the ability of the entire network, as a whole, to maintain consensus.
There's the FIBRE network which lets miners communicate to maintain consensus on a network that's optimized for transmitting blocks (the Bitcoin network itself is not optimized for transmitting blocks).  It's run by a single guy paying for it from his own pocket (cough centralization cough).  It's barely enough to handle 1 to 2 Mb blocks.  With even larger blocks, there's the possibility that large well connected miners will be able to push small miners off the network, increasing the large miner's power over the entire network.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:30:49
Yes, effectively smart contracts are a form of escrow, where the terms of the escrow release are controlled programmatically.
Let's pretend in the future that it will be possible for devices to be "registered" on a blockchain.  So for example Rolls Royce Car  would have its own token on some blockchain.  Inspecting the blockchain lets the car know whose owner it is.  Thus, it will unlock its doors and turn on its engines only if the car's owner provides his or her private key.
Using a particular contract called "hashlocked timelocked contract" or HTLC, it would be possible to sell that car with escrow, where the escrow service is not a third party, but the decentralized blockchain itself.  The hashlock requires that some precomputed secret known by only one person is published, and on publishing, the money or asset goes to some pre-defined person.  The timelock means that after a time, if the hashlock hasn't triggered, the money or asset goes to some other pre-defined person.
So let's say I'm selling Rolls Royce Car  to you for 0.1BTC.  I promise to deliver on or before August 1, 2017 (2017-08-01).  We'd make the below HTLC's:
1.  Take asset Rolls Royce Car  from almkglor.  Hashlock &lt;secret known to ConeCandy&gt; gives to ConeCandy, Timelock 2017-08-01 gives to almkglor.
2.  Take 0.1BTC from ConeCandy.  Hashlock &lt;secret known to ConeCandy&gt; gives to almkglor, Timelock 2017-08-01 gives to ConeCandy
I deliver the car to you, you check it out, and in order to cleanly transfer the car to you, you need to publish your secret (this secret doesn't have to be a real secret - it could just be a large random number you generated).  This releases the hashlock parts of both contracts, so you get the car and I get the 0.1BTC.
Now if I fail to deliver, or you check the car and think it's a lemon, you just delete the secret forever.  Then on 2017-08-01, the money is returned to you and the car's ownership returns to me.
For the most part, HTLC's handle most escrow-based sales, but require that assets be on the blockchain.  If the car is old and can't parse the blockchain, it can't use the above technique.
Bitcoin already has HTLC's.  Ethereum is just added complexity for shits and giggles.
There is more research on-going for other smart contracts, but in the end it's all backed by something being escrowed.  I know of no good way for a "smart" contract to encode debt the way, say, a true American-style option does (smart contracts currently require the option seller to escrow the asset being optioned, paper contracts don't but are enforced by people with guns if the option is exercised and you don't have the asset being optioned).
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:12:10
There isn't.  The Trezor is a tiny offline computer.  It has its own display and two little buttons.  You press the buttons on the Trezor to tell it to sign.  You don't just connect the Trezor to the computer and the computer tells it to sign whatever --- if the computer asks that, the Trezor will turn on its display and ask you to confirm and press one of the buttons to tell it to sign.  If you ignore it and it times out, or tell the Trezor not to sign, the Trezor willl tell the computer to get lost and go scam somebody else.   ***It is exactly a tiny offline computer***; it just makes it easier to transfer an unsigned transaction from your online computer to the Trezor.  That's it; that's all of it.
It's really the same as using an offline device: the offline device has its own interface where you instruct it to perform the signing.  Trezor has its own interface where you instruct it to perform the signing.
@_date: 2017-05-05 08:37:12
Some sellers may be anal and require a pic anyway, communicate with the seller if so.
@_date: 2017-07-01 11:57:25
Thing is, it's not a binary trust/no-trust thing.  It's a continuum.  Reducing the need to trust improves your security.  The less you need to trust, the better.
I review the electrum wallet source code sometimes, and if I get some more free time I might review electrum server source code.  It's about having to trust less.
It's like bulletproof vests.  Bulletproof vests won't stop 100% of all bullets.  But wearing one is still safer.  It's like seatbelts.  Seatbelts won't save you from 100% of all accidents.  But wearing one is still safer.
Just turning over and not doing anything at all is.... well, obviously not very good.
@_date: 2017-05-18 15:21:58
Yeah big f u to the ransomers, more trouble to add that utxo then merge it with the rest of yhe money.
@_date: 2017-05-05 02:44:19
Commit yourself to spending a constant fiat amount each week/month to by bitcoin, no matter the bitcoin price.  E.g. $100/month from your paycheck.  Do this for a year, which smoothens out any unexpectedly huge price moves in that year.  Wait for a few years and see how much you own.  Sell if you need or if the price gain is big enough that you can say "fuck you" to your boss and retire.
@_date: 2019-05-15 04:01:50


You are paying 50,000sat to the other side?
You don't even need to wait for dual-sided channels, you just send it to them.
If you want incoming capacity to your node, you also don't need to wait for dual-sided channels.  You just make a channel to anyone on the network, then use a Lightning-to-onchain bridge like BitRefill or Submarine Swaps.  Pay for some onchain money and you now have incoming capacity.
Channel balance is not necessary for normal operation.  It's cute, but you don't really have to care about it.  What is more important is "balance-in-the-large", i.e. if there are enough routes to your payees and routes from your payers.  Individual channel state is far less important.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:50:17
The Internet Protocol underlying tcp and http and reddit includes sending your Internet Protocol Address (aka. IP Address) which is generally linked to the physical location of your Internet connection, especially in first-world countries (those of us here in third-world countries tend to have to share the same IP address across multiple users, because we're third-class citizens that's why, because fuck life).
Reddit thus knows your IP address and the IP address of every Reddit user.
If reddit got hacked quietly (and how would you know it hasn't been hacked?) somebody could have a log that shows the IP address of where each Reddit user tends to connect to Reddit from.
The IP address is definitely tied to country, and with a little more info-gathering it would be possible to identify your ISP within the country (obviously somebody trying this will filter to countries they are able to go to).
Your ISP knows your IP address (it's the one that gave the IP address to you!) and if it got hacked quietly, then somebody can learn your real, physical, brick-and-mortar home address where the ISP sent its technicians to install your Internet connection and fix things when you break them.
Hacking does not require anything sophisticated: remember that every large company has to have employees, and some employees are not going to be 100% happy about their jobs, and the company has to give access to important data to at least *some* of its employees so that everything works.
So: asking somebody how much BTC they own is verboten, even as a joke, because lots of people can associate a reddit username with a physical location, even if you *claim* not to be able to do so (this is an unverifiable claim, and one of the mottoes you might occasionally see here is "Don't trust, verify", so---).
So, answering your question: I own 0 bitcoins.  I am only in here for the tech.
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:44:03
This is because to me, everything is dark.  Except BITCOIN.
You live in a world where monsters lurk, just slightly off the edge of your vision, filtered away by a brain too fearful to admit the possibility.  The worst horrors are not fictional, but all too real.  Poverty, slavery, taxation, centralization.  Monsters of war that demand to be fed from the pockets of the poor, a monstrous pyramid carried by slaves in debt, and other monsters beyond the ken of the average mortal.
Compared to that, a tentacle hair rape monster is but some shuddering, whimpering coward.
Only BITCOIN can save us... but only if the monsters lurking at the edges of your world, the monsters whose existence your brain cannot accept, do not kill BITCOIN first.
Now, a technical Bitcoin question, please?
@_date: 2017-07-31 00:49:59
I'd rather boot up from a Linux LiveCD ("safe mode" seems to imply you're using Windows); I've heard the TAILS distribution recommended for security.
Seems OK.
@_date: 2019-05-15 08:30:02


That's not enough.  It has to be either the Finder will lose more money than what they steal (as in current Poon-Dryja) or the contract the Finder can publish onchain allows a later version to override it (as in Decker-Russell-Osuntokun).
And in that case, why split the network into User, Pool, and Finder classes?  ***That*** is centralization.  Just connect nodes to nodes, don't separate them into classes.
@_date: 2017-07-14 01:48:15
The main competition for miners is not really the price of setting up a new farm.  The main competition is the price of electricity.  There are jurisdictions (China, mostly) where the government gives discounts to electricity, and mining farms there are too competitive compared to other mining farms, creating geographical centralization.  Since government jurisdictions largely follow geographical locations, this increases a government's power over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-27 08:59:28
Your math is wrong, then.  If there are 100 people doing 1h/s each, and the difficulty is 600, then you expect ***on average*** that *at least one* person will announce a found block in 6s, not 600seconds.
Having different blocks means that it is very unlikely that the "space" each person is exploring by incrementing their nonces will overlap with another person's space, so that in total they are exploring the same amount of space that a single 100h/s person could explore in the same unit time.
Thus we can directly aggregate miners *whether or not* they are in the same pool, and the difficulty is set for the total hashrate that is pointed at Bitcoin *and publishing found blocks*.
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:54:14
Still too new. There are other features that are in queue for SegWit v1, Schnorr+Taproot+MAST is just part of that, it's hoped `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` for that Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") goodness will make it to SegWit v1 too.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:37:32
Well, I'm sure at this point you've read it many times, but not your keys, not your coins.
That said, don't give up on everything, some lessons are expensive.  I lost most of my savings trying to start a small business some years ago, and all I can think of is that if I'd put even a fraction of that money in Bitcoin instead (I'd already learned about it back then) I would be a multi-millionaire now.  Remember: you only lose if you die a loser.
@_date: 2017-07-31 08:15:12
The proper strategy is simply to fiat cost average.  Precommit to buy a constant amount in fiat terms per constant unit of time.  Ignore the bitcoin price roller coaster.  For example buy 25 USD worth of BTC every Monday morning.  Collect it into a wallet you control and do this for a year or two or three.
Then sit on it until you're rich enough to quit your day job and satisfy your dreams.
The thing is, bitcoin is disinflationary (its inflation rate will drop over time until it has no more inflation) while almost all fiat is inflationary, and almost all fiat's inflation rate will be controlled by entities you have little or no control over.  So disregarding the transient price, you can generally expect that over years of investing, you'll be able to retain value in Bitcoin than in any arbitrary currency.
@_date: 2019-05-10 06:11:36
Both wings are part of the same vulture.
@_date: 2017-07-23 00:44:19
Not all subscribers are supporters of r/btc: some are subscribed in order to blast what they perceive to be rbtc craziness.  If you take ratios, r/bitcoin has 260k, so 40k is less than 1/8 that.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:00:29
This is arguably a better solution: 
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:29:04




So he'll kill off his wife and children so that he can go to that "no wife, no kids" state?
@_date: 2019-05-08 02:46:21
For more information: MAST will be embedded inside taproot under the latest proposal from pwuille.
@_date: 2017-07-12 01:11:10
I think one thing you're missing here is that status quo bitcoin is not yet a good settlement layer as long as the transaction malleability bug exists.
(It can be a good settlement layer if you accept trusted third parties for payment processing (BitPay CoinBase), but if in principle you would prefer trustless payment processing such as by Lightning Network, then transaction malleability needs to be fixed. if you're an economist, I think you'd prefer the greater competition between payment nodes afforded by LN than the current situation)
SegWit is one way of solving the transaction malleability bug.
To appease the hardline "bigger blocks now!" crowd, SegWit included a block size increase via the witness discount.
@_date: 2017-07-10 02:13:15
I just used your own words.  If you can't see that as a joke, then back off.  Sheesh.
Satoshi figured out that proof-of-work and blockchains protect against Sybil attacks.  It's not optimal but it's the best that can be done so far.
@_date: 2017-07-24 07:56:06
Lightning's current consideration is more for sidechains if they eventually exist.  Lightning nodes provide only a transaction fee rate, and currently cannot provide an exchange rate, so it's not possible to create an exchange across different coins yet.  Eventually, yes, but not yet.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:20:37
Many faucets aren't dumb.  You can keep your dribbled funds on the faucet website indefinitely, and if you withdraw, that's just one input to your controlled wallet.  Since the faucet funds are free anyway, "not your keys not your coins" isn't so bad.
Most such websites have a gambling thing though, so the faucet is more of an enticement to get you into gambling, so be warned if you have a tendency to get addicted to gambling.
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:00:31
Satoshi Nakamoto is known to have disappeared in 2011, so this e-mail is unlikely to be from Satoshi.  Sorry.
@_date: 2017-07-31 07:48:41
@_date: 2019-05-03 02:50:07
Neurotypical? Average? The people I talk to everyday?  The ones I sit or stand next to on public transport? You know?  Do you not get out often?
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:15:15
Try Olaoluwa Osuntokun.
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:24:25
Given my experience of normal people, most of them appear biased, so why should I assume myself (assuming I am a normal person) to be unbiased?
@_date: 2017-07-08 00:52:44
Yes, that is in fact approximately what I do myself.
The "standard" way of expressing private and public keys is using Base58, which has the drawback that it is case sensitive, so you need to be particularly careful to differentiate between lower and upper case.  Bech32 will be case insensitive but longer.
@_date: 2017-07-08 23:40:25
When the score keeper is one of the players, and there is a common thought that the score must be kept secret except between the score keeper and the individual player for financial privacy reasons, who can you trust as score keeper?
@_date: 2017-05-09 14:34:05
Is a bunch of numbers spread worldwide really money?
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:19:46


I hope you plan to move them to keys you control at some point.
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:37:11
I might get into a threesome with Ann Hathaway and Scarlett Johanson YOU DON'T KNOW!
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:22:45
Yes.  There are guides for using Electrum + Trezor with multisig using multiple Trezors.
@_date: 2017-07-11 04:12:30
It's a prequel to The Matrix that tells why the machines revolted.


Edit: wow. I make a lame joke about GPU's rebelling against their users and triggered a nerd war about the Matrix on a Bitcoin forum.  LOL.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:59:46
People start fullnodes on RaspPi's all the time (not very well but still running), most cellphones already in use today have processor and RAM equal or greater than typical RaspPi's.  Totally doable, though you'd need even more processor + RAM if you want to use your mobile phone as a mobile phone while also using it as a fullnode.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:49:16
Information is always something that can be made decentralized, such that centralized authorities are not needed.
Imagine in the future that it would be possible to easily read the DNA code of a human organism.  On birth or conception, the parents extract the DNA of the baby and register a commitment to it on the blockchain (the DNA can be hashed to a large number treated as private key by the individual, then the public key is committed to on the blockchain).  The block containing it is the human organism's birthday, and thus can be used to show the age of the human organism.
Problems?  Many: the human organism may be a chimera and thus has multiple DNA codes, and the chimerism might not be detected until much later in life.  Human organisms shed bits of their DNA as a matter of course, so it's not really particularly private as a private key.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-07-31 06:34:16
And the answer to the riddle is the hash preimage for a hashlocked UTXO.
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:40:29
Factually wrong (or at least misleading):


Christian Decker admits as much here: 


parties, also need to enforce the correct ordering through the CLTV
opcode which cannot be part of the key path (thanks AJ for the correct
name). Hence only collaborative closes can use the key path, which means
we sadly don't gain much from using taproot in the update-settlement
structure, i.e., the unilateral case is always visible on-chain.
Might be better to reword this - the use of *any* offchain technique already gives LN the ability to hide contract details for contracts that have been completed, it's called "cooperative close", `SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT` does not improve this.  `SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT` is simply put inside tapscript because it's the natural place to put new sighash modes in.
@_date: 2019-05-22 05:00:05


Not completely.  Most SPV systems leak your privacy to the fullnode you're querying, and it requires special design (xref. Wasabi) just to ensure that SPV doesn't leak your privacy (and Wasabi is on the edge of being a fullnode already because of its SPV design).  You're basically sacrificing your privacy for convenience, not a good thing.
From this point of view, *everyone* has to run a full node because of privacy.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:36:51
It's only the first confirmation that needs a long time.  In general, one additional confirmation will get added for every additional 10 minutes, on average.
Looks like you'll be able to get your QuadrigaCX account credited in about an hour or so.
@_date: 2017-05-22 06:15:29
Well, if we want to have consensus faster, we need a benevolent dictator for SegWit Activation Party Day.
Nomination for benevolent dictator for SegWit Activation Party Day begins now.
I nominate Jihan Wu as benevolent dictator for SegWit Activation Party Day.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:05:40
Chainsplit, technically a *soft* fork since you are restricting certain kinds of spends (specifically the "bad" transaction that Binance did).  Still, one that is not vetted by a lot of developers looking at code and arguing about it for months, which is an important part of open-source development, and thus likely to be of low value compared to the chain that keeps the bad transaction forever.
@_date: 2017-05-25 12:31:32
Not so crazy: it's exploding, that's why it takes a day plus to send 82USD.  Lots of people want to use it, so the network is congested.
@_date: 2017-05-17 22:09:25
LN uses sphinx construction for its payment-routing messages, not sure if that's what outofofficeagain is referring to.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:19:47


While that could of course be true, I'm pretty sure I would of course find a pair of counterexamples in a single sentence.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:12:18
Smart contract platforms don't need a blockchain, because blockchains suck at scaling. 
@_date: 2019-05-31 04:40:13
1.  They created a single upgrade, SegWit, that fixes two long-standing problems (transaction malleability and the `SIGHASH` bug) while simultaneously increasing the blocksize.  All of that and still retaining backwards-compatibility with old nodes that don't understand SegWit.
2.  Optimized transaction validation so that the time it takes to validate a 200+ Gb blockchain today on new versions of Bitcoin is the same amount of time to validate a 40+ Gb blockchain on old versions of Bitcoin a few years ago.
3.  Started seriously developing Schnorr signatures (development of Schnorr signatures was stalled because Schnorr patented this kind of signature, disincentivizing everybody else from developing them), including schemes built on top of it (MuSig, Scriptless Script, Taproot...) and are slowly developing how to deploy these.
Transaction malleability was a bug that prevented offchain protocols (including something as simple as CoinSwap) from being possible.
The `SIGHASH` bug was a problem in how the `SIGHASH` routine worked, meaning that a doubling in a transaction's size would result in a quadrupling of the time taken to validate it.  It has been theorized that Satoshi's initial imposition of the 1Mb blocksize limit was a cudgel to limit the effects of the `SIGHASH` bug.  The `SIGHASH` bug is fixed for SegWit transactions, but remains for non-SegWit transactions (for back-compatibility reasons), but the 1Mb blocksize limit still limits non-SegWit transactions anyway, with the limit lifted only for SegWit transactions.
MuSig is a provenly-safe multisignature scheme built on top of Schnorr signatures.  It allows creating an n-of-n public key from n different public keys, without revealing that the public key is actually an n-of-n (it looks exactly like a singlesig).  While Schnorr himself already proposed a multisignature scheme on top of Schnorr signatures, his scheme was flawed and insecure; Bellare-Neven partially fixed multisignature Schnorr signatures, and MuSig is the full, truly secure solution for multisignature Schnorr.
Scriptless Script takes advantage of certain mathematical relationships in Schnorr signatures to allow sending a secret between two parties, by passing a publicly-visible signature between them.  For example, two individuals can arrange sending a secret 256-bit number from one to another if a transaction is signed by one individual.  This is useful for secure swaps: I could offer to pay for a secret that unlocks a digital good (for example, the decryption key of an encrypted video), and once the payment is claimed on-chain by signing a transaction that claims the Bitcoins, I automatically learn the secret.
Taproot is a way of hiding script conditions behind a public key, so that the public key can be a MuSig n-of-n. In a protocol involving multiple participants, if every participant agreed to what would be the result of the script, then we all just make a MuSig signature and it would look like an ordinary singlesig spend.  If somebody disagreed, then the script can be revealed and the script would enforce the protocol.  In the best case where nobody is trying to rip anybody off, nobody else onchain knows the protocol occurred, but in the worst case where some disruption of the protocol is attempted, we can fall back on the protocol-defined script.
@_date: 2019-05-10 03:37:04
Get a [Trezor](  Back up your seed words *separately* from your hardware wallet.
Install [Electrum]( on any random PC.  Set up an [Electrum wallet that uses Trezor]( you can set up the wallet to be useable for receiving even with the Trezor disconnected, by not encrypting the wallet file (Electrum will ask).  It's safe to not encrypt the wallet file since it's the Trezor that has the private key, though anyone who gets your wallet file will be able to see how much you are hodling (it leaks privacy).
Having Electrum means you can receive into your Trezor without taking the Trezor out of storage.  It's one of those nice things.
If you are tech-savvy enough, run [Electrum Personal Server]( and point your Electrum at it.  This helps improve your online privacy (Electrum tells some random server what addresses you own, using Electrum Personal Server means it's *your* server that Electrum tells the addresses to, keeping your privacy).
@_date: 2019-05-12 09:54:51
Proof-of-stake is even worse.
In the end, the systems has incentives already in place to strongly encourage participants to follow rules.  It deliberately makes attacks on the network expensive  If the system cannot handle this by its incentives, it ***deserves*** to fail, hard.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:56:08
In case of hostile takeovers of the network (which happened last year; xref. Bcash and its derivatives, as well as SegWit2x, which didn't happen but almost did), the only sure way to know if you are paid in the coin *you* consider valuable is to actually run a fullnode yourself.
Otherwise, it's hearsay that you were paid. in the coin you consider to be valuable  It could be cryptographically strong hearsay, but  hearsay nonetheless.
SPV is dangerous since it gives too much power to miners, because under SPV rules, what you consider valid is controlled by miners.  If miners consider some other coin to be valuable, but not what *you* consider valuable, then you can lose economic power.
Miners are basically supposed to be Bitcoin's bitch, bending over and hashing and letting us pay them whatever.  SPV inverts that.
@_date: 2019-05-09 03:26:08


As I understand it, this does not actually buy you as much efficiency as you might think.
Non-`blocksonly` fullnodes validate each transaction as it comes in, so fullnodes have to validate the zk-proof of each transaction independently of other transactions, so no amortisation possible.  Now it's possible for a single transaction to spend multiple programmable-zk-proof-requiring UTXOs and aggregate the proofs, but for zkSTARKs an individual proof is still in the dozen-of-kilobytes range, far outweighing a multiple-input 300-400 byte transaction.
Compact block transport means that blocks are typically transported with the knowledge that the receiving fullnode has already  validated the transactions inside the block being transported, so compact blocks just transfer a prefix of each transaction id and the receiving fullnode only checks that it has validated the transaction independently before, so the block-level amortisation is never going to come into play for non-`blocksonly` fullnodes (`blocksonly` fullnodes have to receive each transaction in a block since the do not participate in transaction gossip, so they're the only ones who can take advantage of block-level amortisation)
You might propose batching transactions when gossiping transactions, but validation failure implies an entire batch is rejected, which seems like an easy way to DDoS a node by offering large batches and giving invalid aggregate zk-proofs.  And you still have to support validating a single transaction as it comes in, because otherwise multiple nodes each wanting to make a single transaction with a zk-proof each are going to be unable to cooperatively aggregate their zk-proofs.
Having everybody run `blocksonly` (so they can take advantage of a block-level amortisation of zk-proof validation) except for miners (who are going to be the ones doing the batching) seems like it would be dangerously centralizing.
Perhaps actual Core programmers like might comment here about the accuracy of my statements and conclusions above.




Then let me give the reason why I think this.
The main problem is readily visible in Ethereum's rollback disasters.  Programmable consensus systems require a lot of very careful programming, because once you commit your money to a particular program controlling it, you cannot bugfix the program later.
zk-proof systems like zkSTARK are only slightly less powerful than Ethereum's virtual machine.  So we can consider plausible that disasters similar to what have occurred on the Ethereum virtual machine will occur in any programmable-zk-proof-system like zkSTARKs.
A way out would be to wrap the zk-proof inside an "everyone agrees" path, like in Taproot or any standard offchain construction using [funding transactions](  This has the "taproot assumption" that there exists an enumerable set of parties who are interested in the future of a coin, and that if all members of this set agree, all they need is to sign off on a transaction that encodes their agreement.  This would let the "taproot set" agree to change the program that needs to be zk-proofed, in case a bug in the zk-program is found.
But having a fixed taproot set is no different from being in a federation, and unless you are a member of an n-of-n federation then any fund controlled by that federation is not your keys not your coins.  Lightning sidesteps this since every Lightning channel is a 2-of-2 federation, so your keys still control your coins.
Which brings us back to Lightning.  The current Poon-Dryja channel update system is sufficient for 2 participants in an offchain system, and the upcoming Decker-Russell-Osuntokun ("eltoo") allows any number of participants in an offchain system, especially with Schnorr MuSig.  For many practical engineering purposes, you want this enumerable set of participants to exist so that if a bug in the program is found everyone can agree to patch their programs, whether you use programmble-zk-proof-system or not.  For practical purposes then, you might as well use the Decker-Russel-Osuntokun construction, which requires a much much simpler change to Bitcoin (`SIGHASH_NOINPUT`) than zkSTARKs.
This is the main reason why I think zkSNARKs/zkSTARKs/future-programmable-zk-proof-system is going to have a smaller advantage over Lightning than you might think, not enough to justify adding zkSTARKs to Bitcoin, even in a few years.  Worse is better.


So you are proposing that a possible scaling solution would be to have some kind of program, which must be executed to generate a zk-proof, that processes a proposed transcript of agreed actions and then signs off on a transaction that is the effective sum of the agreed actions.
I would counterpropose the use of the offchain technique Decker-Russell-Osuntokun with multiple participants.  At one Decker-Russell-Osuntokun layer, create sub-transactions that root two-participant Decker-Russel-Osuntokun (or Poon-Dryja if you want) systems, i.e. channels.
That is basically the layered channel factory approach, with a channel factory layer hosting multiple channels inside it.  Onchain, all those channels are represented by a single UTXO.
The above is doable with only `SIGHASH_NOINPUT`, not requiring zkSTARKs.
I'll grant that a programmble-zk-proof system can allow the participant set to change, and would not require that all participants be online when changes at the factory layer occur (changes at the channel layer can be done with only the channel participants online, not all participants of the factory layer).  But again: worse is better.  This is something we can do in the close future, without having to (1) optimize programmable-zk-proof-systems and (2) perfectly program an offchain system inside a programmable-proof-system.  Heck, [we can do channel factories now]( if we don't have to arbitrarily close and open channels after setting up the factory (i.e. if we close all channels simultaneously with closing the factory).
@_date: 2019-05-30 03:53:07
Under BIP9, yes.  Under BIP8 the non-mining fullnodes will accept reduced hashpower and refuse non-compliance to the softfork, denying miners the ability to sell any subsidy and fee they earn.
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:37:43
POW change is not a good idea, because existing miners (who are *defending* the network from takeovers) also die horribly. And a centralized entity can adapt more quickly to changes in algo than a bunch of mining farms, many of which may leave the crypto mining business entirely, reducing defenses further.
Instead consider that the petty bureaucrats involved will be fighting for their own 1% of the defense budget for their own pet projects.
Finally, operating costs will be only a little below what they would earn if they operated honestly, which is the whole point of the incentive structure of Bitcoin. So an honest miner would experience a small net gain while an attacker will have only costs. Buying the hardware is not enough, you need the  electricty to run them too
@_date: 2019-05-15 03:57:41
1.  Don't ask about how to hide gains from IRS on REDDIT.
2.  Go on this site.... ooops you already failed step 1.
@_date: 2019-05-09 09:21:25
Except Craig S. Wright
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:07:04
These two:




Are fundamentally in opposition.
Either you let even unfair foreign competition into your economy and watch local businesses collapse and say "this is good for my economy", or you stop competition and watch local businesses become inefficient bureaucracies and say "this is good for my economy".
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:53:38
And?  You still prove that you paid something using lightning.
Okay, fine, it's proof that *something* was paid using Lightning by at least one person.  This will fix that anyway, since only the payer and payee will know the scalar.
@_date: 2018-12-24 11:04:16
You have a project on github? Do you contribute to an existing project? Did you hire somebody to do so? Why don't you start?
@_date: 2019-05-14 08:04:42
Do note that unless you run Electrum over Tor, you will attach your IP to your address.  If it's a substantial amount you might not want to have your IP attached to your Bitcoin address.  Even if it isn't substantial *now* it could become substantial later.
@_date: 2017-07-31 09:12:04
Given a short glance, it seems most of those companies are even more cutting-edge than asynchronous digital logic.  Thus, you are compounding the risk of using new tech ("Putting antimatter to work", "Using nanotechnology to unlock the power of thermoelectricity") with what is currently a small cottage industry (relative to CPU's or even just voltage regulator IC's).
Asynchronous logic is already "stretching" in that asynchronous digital designs have only been done seriously by academics in just two decades, and there are currently few to no support for manufacturing test for asynchronous digital logic.
You have to realize that ASIC manufacturing is even more paranoid of modifications than Bitcoin Core, because once an ASIC is sold, there is no patching it if it turns out to be broken.  Thus ASIC manufacturing uses languages that were already derided as obsolete in the 90's (TCL to control synthesis, place&amp;route, and layout), and simulators that have already end-of-lifed (Verilog-XL; there was a span in the late noughts where Cadence dropped Verilog-XL support but their replacement Incisive/NC-Verilog was not yet accepted for signoff by actual chip manufacturers).
The alternative is to keep going synchronous, which is a very safe bet, but is unlikely to beat with Bitmain's state-of-the-art (match maybe, but not beat).
Connecting with startups that themselves do not necessarily want to target Bitcoin mining seems to compound the problems here.
Edit: I'll try to see a few of the startups listed but really, I doubt partnering with them would help much for Bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2019-05-12 13:34:41
What kind of art? You may instead be able to sell the art directly for Bitcoin...
@_date: 2017-07-24 03:01:56
That rbtc shills say it.
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:30:37
Every byte that isn't somebody else's transaction is a byte whose fees you are losing now.  Those fees might go to some other miner instead of you.  So: you'd willingly sacrifice your own money so all the *other* miners get the benefit?
@_date: 2019-05-15 03:54:11
It's not a scam (or at least we have evidence of good faith attempt).  It's just that banks are squeezing Tether, confiscated some money from them, and preventing Tether from transferring funds easily.
Tether is 74% backed by actual money-in-a-bank, the rest is in various assets.  Most of this is due to Tether having been squeezed by banks.
@_date: 2019-05-15 03:48:36


The same incentive there is now: ensuring you are actually getting good money, not some forkcoin.
Or do you mean "what is the incentive to run a miner"?
@_date: 2019-05-31 09:24:54
It won't stop being confirmed, no.
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:51:45
Yeah, LOL at them, right? Cliff Stoll's a frikkin legend, he caught both the Russian hacker-spy and Bob Morris Jr., author of the Morris Worm.
@_date: 2017-07-28 14:35:07
Hashlocked timelocked contracts are arguably the base primitive of Bitcoin smart contracts.  The same contract type is used by LN to route payments across nodes.  Even the so-called "pay-to-sudoku"/zero-knowledge contingent payments (i.e. paying someone for information, such that the payment is given in the same step that the information is) use HTLC on-chain (with an off-chain proof that the hash of the information is indeed the hash of the information you are paying for).  Decisions on whether someone fulfilled some requirement are based simply on whether the preimage of the hash is published before the timelock expires.
Glad to have been helpful.
@_date: 2019-05-02 05:15:26
Not really.  If ***your*** node doesn't accept payments and doesn't make them, who cares what ***your*** node consider to be the "real" network in case of a contentious chainsplit?
Unless you run something like an Electrum server on top and use it, or some other combination of options where you use ***your*** node to determine the truth of a transaction your actual economic ties are dependent upon.  *Then* you have a say: you are part of the economic majority that determines the future of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:33:25
5 to 10 years..  Or retirement.
@_date: 2017-05-26 21:52:40
Download Bitcoin core from Bitcoin.org, run it, let it sync.  Then transfer some or all your "hot" hodlings to it (i.e. the money in your online wallets, not the money in your trezor or keepkey or paper wallet).  Full nodes help slightly, as it makes sybil attacks on SPV clients harder: basically, you're helping people who *don't* have gigabyte connections.
For more helping, run an ElectrumX server, which takes more setup time.
Finally: if you have dev experience or can hire a dev, consider learning (or having your hireling learn) cryptography and help out in implementing the cool stuff, like Schnorr signature aggregation, sidechains, etc.
@_date: 2017-05-24 07:04:10
This is the size of a single transaction, and seriously, are you making 1Mb transactions regularly?
@_date: 2019-05-15 11:18:27
The genesis block was created "manually" by Satoshi.  It's not recreated every time a node is run.  Instead, it's a fixed hash that must be the root of the entire blockchain.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:57:30
Ask a question.  I mostly answer to technical questions here.
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:47:51
Linked page has a single instance of the word "blockchain" (which when tapped leads nowhere) and no instance of the substring "cryp", what are you doing that is at all related to the space?
No "lightning". No "cash". No "fintech". No "currency". Wtf are you putting  "blockchain" for? You don't teach it!
@_date: 2018-12-20 08:36:43
If you hold money on behalf of those being patronized, then it's still possible for you to (be forced to) prevent certain patronizees from getting their money.
@_date: 2017-05-05 06:54:32
At the time it was already working, and at version 0.8.31.  For reference the current version is 0.14.1.
@_date: 2017-05-22 09:05:42
It delays SegWit activation next year ("signalling SegWit on bit 4" --- for reference, current BIP141/BIP148 SegWit is bit 1) while a 2MB HARDFUCK is done this year.
@_date: 2017-07-24 11:37:48
To protect against this, mix your coins with coins from a miner on the SegWit side before sending to the SegWit address.  Since the txid is not existent on the BCC side Bob can't replay it on the BCC side.
There are other "manual" methods of replay protection, is pushing another one that's a bit beyond my capability to understand.
Edit: here's luke-jr's: 
@_date: 2019-05-30 05:09:36
I made your ex-wife a hair fetishist after I raped her with my prehensile hair.  She's trying to get back my magic hairy touch that made her feel things she never got with you, but I grew tired of her after the rape, sorry.  She sometimes calls me now, begging to come back to me, but I'm in a relationship with a schoolbusful harem of Japanese schoolgirls, which I feel is more fulfilling of my needs as a tentacle hair monster.
Now, an actual technical question about Bitcoin, please?
@_date: 2019-05-08 10:04:13
I may not agree with what you say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.
@_date: 2017-07-27 22:15:39


If the miner controls a substantial part of the mining hashpower and there's congestion, they may be able to censor the anti-cheat transaction.
Note that the sequence is: cheat transaction (timelocked) then anti-cheat transaction (which revokes the cheat transaction only during the timelock).  So if you miss the timelock window, you are successfully cheated.  This can be done if miners can successfully censor your transaction, which is easier if the miner has a lot of hashpower and there's a backlog.
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:55:59
If you're thinking wallet==address, then your point is correct.  Wallets != address, however, precisely because of the fact that spending from a public key hash address will expose the public key.  Wallets generate multiple addresses (e.g. Bitcoin core generates 20 addresses at a time).  Once funds from an address are spent, then the public key is exposed and susceptible to future quantum computers.  Thus, wallet software generates multiple addresses, and once the wallet spends from an address, it will not provide that address again if you request a receive address from it.
This is how Electrum and Bitcoin Core work.  Perhaps you are using a much less secure wallet software, and should consider using Electrum or Core.
@_date: 2017-07-10 09:56:35
hardforks aren't just for block size increases - there's also stuff like UTXO commitments and confidential transactions and so on.
One could argue that hardforks that are *just* block size increases are a waste of a hardfork opportunity.
@_date: 2019-05-10 10:18:53
40:00 describes block withholding attacks, which as Matt said, is already possible with Stratum (i.e. pre-BetterHash).
@_date: 2019-05-02 05:21:32
As has been mentioned multiple times, BTCPay.  Do note that BTCPay does not handle any conversion to fiat that you might have arranged with BitPay; you'd have to do that yourself if you want fiat instead of BTC in the end.  If you wanted BTC, then BTCPay is fine.
@_date: 2019-05-15 04:51:34


This is arguably *what* a hardware wallet is: an always-offline little computer that holds your private keys. The cost of the hardware wallet is mostly the convenience of not having to set it up yourself.
Combine a Trezor with an Electrum and you have a watch-only Electrum wallet that can create transactions for your offline wallet (i.e. hardware wallet) to sign.
Combine the Electrum with an Electrum Personal Server and a fullnode somewhere, and you have reasonably good privacy.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:44:36
C-lightning already has it as a plugin.
@_date: 2018-12-20 05:56:33


But you can't pay for the soda!!!  Your phone has no charge!!!!!!!!!
(obviously the shop is incentivized to just let you charge for free so you can pay for the purchase, LOL).
@_date: 2019-05-02 02:19:54
One can argue that HTLCs *are* the pre-commit thing (initially HTLCs are committed to, not the actual payment), so I'm still not seeing the optimal routes as a problem.
It's entirely possible we are both violently agreeing with each other, just using different terminology.
@_date: 2018-12-12 09:54:44
There are only two things you can be sure of in this world, death and taxes.
@_date: 2019-05-08 02:34:31
Something as simple as an atomic swap is already a complex smart contract, as it requires HTLCs.
An HTLC can be embedded in a taproot script.
So you can do an atomic swap across chains (or between onchain and Lightning, for that matter), then at the end, instead of revealing the hashlock path, both of you just sign the proper signatures for the taproot pubkey and tweak it.  Then nobody knows that an HTLC was involved *and* it's smaller (no script revelation, no preimage: just a single aggregated signature) and thus cheaper.
Of course for HTLCs, even just a Scriptless Script would do better, but not all contracts are possible with Scriptless.  For example consider [smart contracts unchained]( which would definitely be improved with Taproot (though I guess you have to still wonder why Bitcoin SCRIPT is not sufficient and we still need some offchain smart contract platform).
@_date: 2019-05-23 09:33:49
 No it's not.  ***I*** can't run a fullnode because my ISP limits me to 10Gb / month.  210 Gb is two freaking years.  Block sizes are *already* too big.  All I'm asking is that blocksizes be *kept* instead of increased, so that maybe someday my hodlings are valuable enough I can kick off my ISP for a better ISP that doesn't limit me.
Low fees?  First world problems.
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:48:52
All rivers flow into the ocean.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:47:40


But! But!! Don't Trust, Verify!!!!! LOL.
As a non-user of Liquid, it's not a big deal for me LOL \^\^.
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:40:11
@_date: 2017-07-24 04:02:04
You'd need a proper interplanetary/solar-system sidechain first, one that is not merge-mined with Earth's mainchain, probably with large block sizes and very long block times (to allow any entity within the solar system to receive blocks and allow truly distributed mining - latency matters!), whose main purpose would be to transfer value between different planet-local chains.
@_date: 2017-07-11 04:16:10
If sidechains become a thing, it would be still be useful to treat them as separate coins.
@_date: 2017-07-24 04:09:00
Lightning will also help anonymity slightly, as payments you receive will be recorded publicly only as coming from people you connect to directly.  The onion routing of payments ensures anonymity.
You could do something very similar to TumbleBit on Lightning by opening a channel with funds you want to clean, waiting for someone else to open a channel to you, then send a payment to yourself, routing it back.  On TumbleBit there are "multiple" central payment processors (Tumblers), in LN the whole network itself serves as the tumbler.
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:43:52


No, it's really not, wtf?  What you'd get is brains capable of self-deluding enough that they'll do shit like say "inflation is good because it increases the money supply in proportion to the expected increase in the economy, and stimulates lending, thus driving investment in future economy improvements" while at the same time buying lambos and blow with the newly-minted fiat.
In short: having a brain that is capable of \*believing\* it is setting aside personal aims for the sake of the collective \*and convincing the collective that it has done so\* is what drives evolution.
Evolution don't give shit about species.  It only gives a shit about genes.  sheesh.
Sorry, the article is unreadably bad to me since it *continues* and goes on and on about evolution in a totally *not* how evolution works way.
@_date: 2019-05-27 07:24:31
1.  Bitcoin is a digital currency whose issuance is ensured by open-source software.  The issuance schedule  (i.e. when new coins are created) is fixed, and it is not practical to force people to accept a change in issuance schedule unless you can convince everyone using Bitcoin to accept the change.  That is, Bitcoin is decentralized since you need to convince everybody using it to change their software in order to make sweeping changes to it, meaning you can only push changes that nearly everybody using it agrees is good for everybody.  Now, by "normal money" most people think of "fiat" currencies.  Fiat currencies do ***not*** have a fixed issuance schedule --- some people running some central bank are the only ones who decide when to add more fiat currencies into circulation, and *you* do not get a veto to say "fuck no, I'm keeping this particular issuance schedule".  In many cases even in "democratic" nations the vote never is about who controls the issuance schedule of a fiat currency.  This means that, if you've been keeping a "nest egg" savings around in the future, keeping your savings in fiat currency should scare you, because fiat issuance means that certain people (who you probably did not have a choice in voting for/against) can print a large amount of money and effectively "tax" your savings, because the supply of fiat currency increases.
2.  A blockchain is an internal backing store used by Bitcoin.  It's a linked list of blocks, constructed in such a way that later blocks can refer to *only* a specific previous block, such that it is not possible to change *any* data in past blocks without changing the current block.  This is an inefficient way to store and look up data, but is an efficient way to *vaildate* data (i.e. ensure that data is correct).  This is important to ensure that the issuance schedule is kept, because nobody can secretly include incorrect data without changing every block afterwards.
3.  The same way anything gains or loses value.  Human beings look at Bitcoin and decide whether they want it more than anything else they could possibly buy, or whether they want something else more than Bitcoin.  The big attraction in Bitcoin is the promise of a fixed issuance schedule, meaning you can rely on the fact that there will be a particular, known amount of Bitcoin (i.e. a fixed supply).  Those of us who want to save, especially in regimes where the local fiat has a higher inflation than most other regimes, want to keep as much of our savings in Bitcoin as possible as protection against inflation.
4.  Bitcoin is ***not*** stored offline.  Instead, what is stored is a private key that can be used to authorize spending it.  The private key is just a gigantic number, randomly selected among a VAST VAST sea of gigantic numbers, so that it is very very unlikely for somebody else to randomly pick a number and have it match to anybody's private key.  The private key can be stored offline (in fact it's a good idea to store it offline), because it's just data.  Colloquially, when we say "keep your bitcoins offline" we really mean "keep the private key that authorizes spends of bitcoins you controll offline".
5.  
6.  That's the *only* way to create it --- the software ensures that the only way to create more coins is via the mining process.  This is software, so it controls the entire operation of the network, including when and how coins are created.
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:03:27
@_date: 2019-05-15 05:47:09


Submarine swap is already sufficient to create this.
@_date: 2017-07-20 08:20:03
Lots of wrong information here.
P2SH are addresses that start with "3".  For reference, modern multisig addresses are now P2SH "3".  Other potential future scripts will also use P2SH script.
SegWit does not remove information from blocks.  What it does is this:
1.  When talking to a non-SegWit client, it removes witness data (signatures) from blocks; the non-SegWit client thinks the output is anyone-can-spend.  SegWit clients will also not tell non-SegWit clients about transactions that make SegWit outputs, as non-SegWit clients can't propagate those correctly.
2.  When talking with another SegWit client, the whole transaction is sent.  Similarly the whole block with all the signatures is sent.
3.  Transaction ID's that spend only SegWit no longer include the signatures: an unsigned transaction and a signed transaction now have the same transaction ID (before SegWit, transaction ID's did not exist for unsigned transactions, and you could sign the same transaction multiple times to create multiple transactions ID's for the same transaction; this is the transaction malleability bug; fixing this bug is needed to enable the Lightning Network and to simplify TumbleBit's design).
4.  Signature data is discounted when spending a SegWit output.  This is in order to make consolidating multiple outputs as cheap as creating multiple outputs (currently, consolidating multiple outputs is about 4x more expensive than creating multiple outputs).  Since multiple outputs increase the load on nodes, this is a Good Thing.  The block size increase of SegWit comes from this discount: since signatures are now considered as being 1/4 their actual size, the number of bytes each block can be is increased.
5.  For compatibility, a special kind of P2SH address can be used so that non-SegWit clients can pay SegWit clients.  These start with "3", as with every other P2SH address.
@_date: 2019-05-01 01:31:56
But you don't have to pre-commit routes --- again, all you need is to try some route, if it fails, find another route and try again.  It's really not a problem.
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:51:20
I resent that! I'm a 35-year old who watches little kids movies!!
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:17:51
Schnorr by itself will not reduce signature size of CoinJoins. You only get better signature sizes with Schnorr if you're doing multisig, and Wasabi is singlesig on all CoinJoin inputs. Cross-input signature aggregation is what will help CoinJoin because that will let all inputs have a single signature in a single tx, but that is specifically *not* included because it interacts badly with the rest of the transaction validation.
Taproot will not help either because there's no SCRIPT enforced contract for CoinJoin: you just check your outputs are included, then sign only those inputs you were willing to add to the join.
@_date: 2019-05-26 08:08:49
Getting shares on P2Pool is much harder than on other pools, hence less attractive to tiny miners with 1 or 2 mining hardware units.
@_date: 2018-12-26 02:15:43
Uh no. That is factually wrong. Look at the next Lightning invoice you see. It will start with `lnbc`. The `bc` stands for BitCoin. For a testnet invoice it's `lntb` for Testnet Bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:54:49
Bitcoin has a bunch of really good people working on improving it: and more who don't hang out on reddit.
Bitcoin cash has far less talent working on it.
Thus, you can expect that improvements to Bitcoin will be generally better than improvements to Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2019-05-26 05:04:23
Bip8 
Do note that I think has opined against flag days, and (I think) considers BIP8  to be a flag day.
has expressed a desire to defer discussing activation, until we have consensus that the constructions being added are safe.
@_date: 2019-05-26 05:23:36


I am almost sure that, had you been asked before SegWit activation was written into the code, you would have said the same thing about SegWit. Just because you see no reason does not mean there *is* no reason.
But it turned out that there was a secret miner optimization that would be disabled by SegWit, i.e. covert AsicBoost.
We do not know if today there are *still* secret mining optimizations, which might be disabled by the new features. Because, *secret*.
ASICs get their massive power efficiency by being highly specialized. This can lead to overspecialization, like the covert AsicBoost optimization. We do not know if there exists secret mining hardware that is similarly overspecialized and which would be inadvertently broken by Taproot et al. Either the users of such an optimization  openly publish the optimization (losing their secret advantage to competitors) or they keep it secret but *must* lose it once the new feature activates.
The economy as a whole *must* have priority over such users of secret optimizations. Thus the activation agreed upon, in *open* consensus, *must* push through, without the ability of being blocked.
@_date: 2018-12-11 06:35:06
Why not just use forwarding anyway?
Depends on how much control you have over the lightning node.  If you can control exactly what is in the code for yourself, then you can trustlessly do so, on the assumption that you do not need to trust yourself anyway because you are yourself.
If you suspect people can try to hack into this node (for example if it is hosted on an AWS instance or something) then you can have a node you *do* control generate an invoice, have this intermediate node sign an invoice with the payment value plus some extra for forwarding fees, and a higher final CLTV delta, and the same payment hash, and give the second invoice.
Then your intermediate node can only get the payment secret (and claim its payment) if it correctly performs the payment to the final payee.
But why would you do that? Just make a final node somewhere that can receive payments directly.
@_date: 2019-05-23 08:08:00
Under Berne, copyright is granted as soon as the work is completed, to the person named as the author of the work.  Registration not required.  So the copyright belongs to Satoshi Nakamoto.  For Craig S. Wright to assert copyright over the text of the work, he must prove he is Satoshi Nakamoto in some legal action against a copyright violator.
In the US, the "copyright registration" is a holdover from before the USA was a Berne Convention member, and is meaningless outside of the USA.  Today it is only of historical interest and interacts with modern copyright law only as an additional assertion "he said he was Satoshi Nakamoto" valid within the USA only, which courts can ignore as hearsay.
@_date: 2019-05-02 03:56:32


Not really.
Quantum computers can theoretically break the current elliptic-curve discrete-log problem that is used for signatures.
However, they can't break anything else, including the hash algorithm used for proof-of-work.
The signature scheme can be switched.  In general, we can expect that quantum computers will develop slowly, so we have a lot of time to develop a new signature scheme that isn't based on anything quantum computers can break, and then create a new SegWit version that uses the new signature scheme.
Current quantum-resistant signature schemes require large signatures and/or public keys.  Some of them, such as the lattice-based signature schemes, seem likely to have properties similar to Schnorr, so we may be able to keep using Scriptless Script.  Any upcoming block size increase may need to be reserved for a sudden switch to a quantum-resistant signature scheme with a large signature/pubkey size (meaning a block size increase that will just keep the same transaction rate, because it needs quantum-resistant signature schemes that require larger data), so keeping block sizes small now is still important.
@_date: 2019-05-14 07:35:58
Don't use coinbase.  Try BISQ, or Localbitcoins if BISQ doesn't work in your country.
@_date: 2017-07-03 10:49:24
Try localbitcoins.com
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:41:50
ZeroLink is a protocol jointly written by a few people; it uses Chaumian CoinJoin to mix coins, and adds further rules on top to ensure that you don't lose the privacy you gain from mixing.  Official page: 
I don't know what Whirlpool is.
Samourai implements ZeroLink.  I guess Whirlpool is just their internal name for it.
@_date: 2018-12-20 06:02:46
You're just some random guy on the Internetz.
Bitcoin has Pieter Wuille, Greg Maxwell, Matt Corrallo, Mark Friedenbach, Luke Dash Jr., Andrew Poelstra, and a bunch of other people working on improving and maintaining it.
Any improvements are going to hit Bitcoin earlier than it hits your coin, simply because most of the mental grunt work is targeting Bitcoin.
Why would anyone want to use *your* coin then?
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:28:58
In practice you do, because nobody can find you on the LN network unless you have at least one public channel with somebody.
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:15:50
There is no data transmitted *to* the hardware wallet; what the software does is to ask the extended pubkey *from* the hardware wallet, then use that to derive the addresses.
In case of a completely new hardware wallet, the wallet generates its seed and tells you on its own little display what the seed is.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:43:11
The problem is that the fair system does not ***need*** a blockchain.  I already described to you a way of doing it without a blockchain, and that's using a Chaumian Bank, which existed before blockchains did.  It gets annoying because every now and then someone comes in, all full of glee about "blockchain", when in fact their problem can be solved without blockchains and with simpler and more efficient cryptographic protocols.  The "voting problem" has been known for *years* and blockchain won't solve it as efficiently as Chaumian Banks can.
In the voting case you always want to limit the set of voters (because you don't want foreigners to mess around with your government) and traditionally that's done by having a central authority that defines who the voters are and who you can vote for.  That central authority can operate a Chaumian bank, and that gets a lot of things (privacy of vote (nobody knows who you voted for) with accountability (you can only vote if you are in the list of voters)) that are only available via blockchain if you're going to make the blockchain *more* inefficient (either you lose privacy and openly show who voted for what party and risk the voters getting punished for that, or you keep privacy and require storing a large kilobyte-long zk-proof that you're not cheating the numbers behind the privacy layer).
Sorry for the apparent rudeness, but anyway --- be aware that blockchain is not a panacea, it is simply another tool.
@_date: 2019-05-14 04:06:17
I'm standing here, outside your door...
@_date: 2019-05-10 03:52:35
I've always considered a set of 12 or 24 BIP39 words written on paper as a paper wallet.
What I used to do (before getting a Trezor, since I want my wife to be able to use the BTC if I die and teaching how to use the Trezor is easier) was that I made a small partition on my HDD, mounted it, installed Electrum, disconnected from Internet (turned off the wifi router), had Electrum create a wallet in the tiny partition, write down the words on two pieces of paper, copied the xpub, copied a few addresses, then closed Electrum, unmounted the partition, `dd` from `/dev/zero` into the partition, and then create a watch-only wallet in my normal `/home` dir using the xpub and checked the addresses generated were the same, then reconnected the Internet.
I used that for a few years and didn't get hacked, so It Must Be Safe (TM).  YMMV, Caveat Emptor, Buyer Beware.  The BCH split was a bit of a pain though, and I haven't claimed any other split coins because dammit who cares anyway.  In theory the data could still be in swap, I don't know if Electrum has/had any protections against ensuring that private keys are never in swappable memory (it's written in Python, I don't think that's possible in Python).
When I bought the Trezor and paid with BTC, I made the transaction with the watch-only wallet, saved the transaction, disconnected the Internet, created a temporary full Electrum wallet with the seed words, signed the transaction, deleted the full wallet (fun fact: you have to close all Electrum instances before deleting, otherwise the last Electrum closed will rewrite all the wallet files), reconnected the Internet, and broadcast the transaction with the watch-only wallet.
@_date: 2019-05-02 04:11:05
Vitalik's smarts are all used to scam you.  Don't buy into it.  Sell ETH.  It doesn't actually have any use other than to bilk other people of their hard-earned BTC.
@_date: 2017-05-09 03:07:04
@_date: 2019-05-09 08:46:28
Equal-value CoinJoins, like what Wasabi uses, are complete breaks in blockchain analysis.  Even if tainted coins go in, it is very hard to guess which outgoing coin to definitely taint: an analyst can only provide an equal probability to all outputs that the taint will spread to.  Wasabi's discipline in not combining coins post-mix and pre-mix makes it very difficult for users to inadvertently re-taint their cleaned coins.  This can leave coins with taints so faint that analysis can no longer proceed practically.
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:26:38
Not at all like TOR.  What happens is that multiple participants put on masks and get together to make a single transaction, then get fixed denominations out of that and their change.  The fixed-denomination coins are hard to link to the inputs, the change is still linkable with some number-crunching, so if your change is still substantial you can remix it.
Bitcoin operates like, well, coins, except there aren't fixed denominations imposed by Bitcoin itself (Wasabi imposes the fixed denominations in the CoinJoin).  When you spend, what you're actually doing is smelting down some coins you own, then creating new coins, one of which you assign to the payee, and with remainder (change) into another new coin that you assign to a new address you control (the change address).  This smelt-down-coins-and-make-new-ones operation is a transaction.
CoinJoin basically smelts down multiple coins together and creates equal-denomination coins (to obscure who owns how much) and some change coins of any remainder you had over the equal denomination.  This is done in a way that prevents the Wasabi server from knowing which user now owns which of the equal-denomination coins, and it requires your authorization to perform the smelting operation (so you can confirm that you do get one of the equal-denomination coins without having to say *which* coin is yours, you just look over the entire list of equal-denomination coins and what address they have and say "yeah it's there" or "hold on, it's not there, I'm not authorizing this"; so nobody can steal your coins).
@_date: 2018-12-03 03:28:48
Espresso is a second-layer coffee solution that speeds up the brewing of coffee.
@_date: 2019-05-15 04:05:56
Or dice rolls. 100 rolls of 1d6 is 258.5 bits of security.
@_date: 2019-05-23 07:42:16


He didn't.  Pruning means you still download and validate the original 210Gb data; it just means you don't ***store*** it in your local persistent storage.  And he considers the initial blockchain ***download***, not the persistent storage.


It's not just downloading the blockchain, it's also ***validating*** it.  Don't trust, verify, and all that jazz.  Most ARM-based computers take a week or two to validate, download speed is negligible; and almost all mobile phones are ARM-based.
@_date: 2019-05-22 03:35:10
Try looking into something called "Bitcoin FIBRE Network".
First, you have to understand that mining ***should*** be a lottery, and not a race.  If you don't understand this and why, then you cannot understand the succeeding argument (and this post would be long enough already and it's not like you're paying me to teach you).  The original Bitcoin whitepaper should give a good reason for why it should be a lottery.
Second, mining is *totally* a race.  Once a miner has found a block, it has a short window of time that it has an advantage over other miners.  That short window of time is when the other miners are still receiving the new block and validating it.  During that time, the winning miner can build on top of their new block without validating it (the winning miner knows its valid, he built it!) while the other miners are still doing receive+validate.
This tiny window of time, when the winning miner has the latest block and knows it is valid, and all the other miners currently don't, lets a miner increase their effective number of blocks found, beyond what their hashrate *should* give them.  This can be used to leverage a &lt;50% hashrate to &gt;51% hashrate, which destroys the censorship-free nature of Bitcoin, and much of its value.
Now this tiny window of time can be made very very small, so as to be negligible in practice compared to the expected 10minute block rate.  FIBRE quotes numbers in the milliseconds range, for example, and then goes on to *complain* that a dozen milliseconds in block propagations are *too large* which is why FIBRE is necessary to keep them within a millisecond or two.
Of course, to reduce this tiny window of time, we need to do things like:
1.  Compact blocks, where each node keeps a mempool of known-valid transactions and we just send the txids in the mempool, to reduce transmission of new blocks **and** to perform validation *before* block is discovered.
2.  Low-latency links between miners, and forward error correction between them, so that there is no turnaround in case of transmission errors (basically the Bitcoin FIBRE Network).
3.  Impose a block size limit.
*All* of the above is needed to support the ~2Mb per block that SegWit enables.
If we want to make *larger* blocks, we need to have *more* innovations on top of the current ones (compact blocks, FIBRE), and we need to do those *first* even *before* we increase the block size.
BCH and BSV is peddling "graphene" and a fixed transaction ordering, but graphene works almost exactly like compact blocks does and does not improve the block propagation latency over compact blocks by much.  What matters with using compact-block-like technologies is that the mempool is kept up-to-date, which can be difficult if people expect large block sizes to actually occur; then it becomes impossible to use the compact blocks technique (and graphene which is just a slightly more optimized variation of compact blocks that breaks CPFP) and removes *all* of their advantages.
Block size is not *just* about the goddamn storage.  Goddamn storage is fucking cheap.  It's about the latency and bandwidth of transmission.
Mind you, that's just *one* reason for a blocksize limit.  Other issues include being able to run fullnodes on cheap single-board-computers (RaspPis and similar) on ***commodity Internet connections***.
Block size is not about the fees.  Block size is about the bandwidth.
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:16:36
You probably can't, but that's not really the point.
The point is that *nobody but you* should know how much you own and how much you spend on whatever.
If you do not make an effort, then the exchange knows how much you withdrew and to what addresses.
The exchange can sell that data to third parties who have no legitimate business knowing how much you own.  For example, third parties might profile you and secretly set their websites to higher prices if they detect that you've got a large amount of BTC stashed away in some addresses.
The proper thing to do is to mix with Wasabi or JoinMarket, and *then* stash it into your cold storage, in order to hide how much of your coins you have spent and how much you are HODLing.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:15:01


This is correct.  Without any channels, even if you connect to anyone, you will not appear on any maps either --- nodes are only propagated as gossip to routemaps if they actually commit coins to at least one channel, it's a simple anti-spam measure (some explorers will show Lightning nodes without any channels; these used to have channels but have closed them all already, and the proper thing for explorers to do is to remove them once all their channels are gone, but this is early days so explorers might not be perfect yet).
You could help debug c-lightning by running some builds and `make check`.
@_date: 2017-05-09 10:57:13
A block is like this:
These coins are for Alice.  These coins are for Bob.  Alice wants to pay Bob with 1 coin, so that old coin from Alice is destroyed and a new coin worth 1.0 is now the coin for Bob.
A blockchain is a series of blocks, with stuff like that written on it.  People called miners generate the blocks.  When a transaction (a transfer of money between two people) is put in a block that is made by a miner, we say the transaction is "confirmed".
How do we know that Alice really, really, really wants to pay Bob, and it's not Bob who's trying to cheat us?  Alice needs to provide a signature for the transfer.  The signature is a special magic number.  It's easy for anyone with a modern computer to check that the number is correct.  But it's very hard for someone to make that special magic number, unless that person has Alice's private keys.
Alice's Ledger wallet contains Alice's private keys.  So if Alice wants to transfer, she connects the Ledger to a computer, and asks the Ledger to compute the signature.  Then she broadcasts the transaction to the network, where after some time, a miner picks it up and puts it on the blockchain.
Because Bob can't get Alice's Ledger, he can't get a fake signature of Alice.  So Bob can't get Alice's money unless he takes Alice's Ledger!
@_date: 2017-05-11 22:24:08
Pay them to do it, then.  Or do it yourself.  Are they your employees?
@_date: 2018-12-07 04:14:45


Depends on how it is implemented.
One way would be some kind of "extension block".  You'd be able to see people moving from legacy into confidential transactions block, and see the total amount of coins in the confidential transactions block, but not how much each UTXO on the confidential transactions area owns.
The math inside the confidential transactions area would prevent inflation (due to use of homomorphic commitments like Pedersen).
@_date: 2018-12-22 13:56:26
Or organize cyclic superhubs: 
@_date: 2019-05-10 03:39:33


It ain't illegal to have sex, but you don't see many people doing it in public, I wonder why.
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:12:56
I do.  Guy deleted his account.  Coin is worth 1.2M USD now.
@_date: 2019-05-31 04:58:27
Electrum uses 12 words by default but can restore from 24 words.  It's a standard, BIP39.
@_date: 2019-05-24 08:56:23
@_date: 2017-07-26 00:04:20
Transactions refer to other transactions via txid.
A child refers to its parent transaction via the txid of the parent.
If a malleated version of the parent transaction is committed into a block, it will have a different txid (this ***is*** the malleation bug).
If the parent is committed into a block in malleated form, the child is invalidated.
The CPFP hack can be used to prevent malleation (since malleated txs with 0 fees are not incentivized by miners to commit into a block).
Unfortunately, miners have services that accelerate transactions.  You can accelerate transactions with 0 fees by paying the miner by some other method.  Such transaction acceleration services can be used on a malleated parent transaction to invalidate the child transaction.
Thus CPFP is not a sufficient malleability fix.
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:16:04
The Second Coming of Satoshi.
@_date: 2018-12-28 05:31:05


What enforces this as a consensus decision?
If it's stored onchain, then it's pointless --- the goal is to reduce usage of blockchain resources.
If it's not stored onchain, how is it enforced?
(note: this is leading to the eltoo solution, which uses revision numbers as you mentioned, but with a special way of enforcing those)
@_date: 2018-12-20 05:45:46
Trezor and Ledger are the top hardware wallet brands.  I personally prefer Trezor for the open-sourceness of the code and the design. It's possible to buy a Trezor and have it shipped worldwide; I live in a third-world country and got my Trezor straight from them.
The important thing is to source the device directly from the manufacturer, or from an authorized reseller of the manufacturer.
@_date: 2018-12-02 08:10:00
This is against a principle of Cypherpunk crypto-anarcy --- everyone should be able to use cryptography to hide what they are doing and gain privacy.
This includes criminals.
Criminals include politicians and government officials taking pieces of the big taxation pie for themselves.
I've argued against this before: 
The fact that Bitcoin happens to not provide good-enough hiding for transactions because it turns out that pseudonymity is easy to break, is not a feature --- it is a flaw, which we are now working to fix, via TumbleBit, CoinJoin, CoinSwap, Lightning Network, and so on.
(how are you going to prevent politicians from using such privacy technologies?)
The other issue is a technical one.  In order to create such a "really open" blockchain then everyone has to transmit everything, including purchases of coffee (otherwise a corrupt politician can buy overpriced low-quality coffee for an entire government office every dat, by buying it at his brother-in-law's coffee shop).  This is a ***lot*** of data, data that ordinary plebeian nodes cannot process.  What happens is that governments and powerful people will be the only ones who can run fullnodes, which just brings back the problems that the big guys can see you, you can't see the big guys.
Privacy for all, even those I object to.  I might deeply disagree with your transaction, but I'll defend to the death your right to transact it.
@_date: 2017-05-02 02:14:45
Yes.  Lightning does have some protection for DDoS, but if the physical server it's located on is running other software, or the physical Internet connection is shared with other software, it's possible to crash the other software, which may bring down the LN node as a side effect.
Larger hubs may hire watchers, who are paid to broadcast any proof-of-fraud on behalf of the hub, and must be physically located elsewhere.
For what it's worth, the goal is that there won't be any hubs, just a loose collection of nodes randomly connected to each other.  So, like the Internet, Lightning will treat downed nodes as an attack and route around them instead.
@_date: 2019-05-03 01:11:50
Unlikely over the next year.  Tech and infrastructure for Lightning are still being built.  Two years, maybe not so much but I've been surprised at how fast Lighnintg moved this past year, so maybe?
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:28:11
That's still allowed.  It's part of Bitcoin's commitment to backward compatibility that any address can send to any address, and even that a single transaction can spend from different address types (at least in theory; you probably will have to arrange this specially in a wallet that allows privkey importation and coin control, such as Electrum) to any combination of address types.
@_date: 2019-05-10 06:10:28
Yeah that goddamn printer in the FED won't stop printing dollar bills, fucking tech geeks can't make it stop.
@_date: 2018-12-14 03:50:20
You already do that with existing HTLCs.
What this adds is a lot more privacy (payment decorrelation), as well as the linearity of DL points and scalars (which can be used for various shenanigans).
@_date: 2018-12-06 22:57:07
I totally got the point.  I was reacting to this:


When I said this:


***Obviously*** they take no profit from Lightning Network ***if*** they have to peddle something else in order to pay for developing Lightning Network.
If they didn't have to make Liquid, then they probably earn something from Lightning.
Obviously they don't, which is why they have Liquid, so that they can pay for BTC and LN dev.
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:01:04
Cut off ties.  It'll be better in the long run.
@_date: 2018-12-24 10:58:25
Try setting things up so you have a Tor onion instead. Forwarding and network address translation problems disappear because of the Tor architecture.
@_date: 2018-12-22 09:59:40
The mobile wallet is a full LN implementation, not GUI connecting to a custodial service.  Its weakness is that it does not monitor the blockchain for breaches, so it is constrained to only spend via LN (***this is secure***, because breaches are replays of old state, and if your channels are spend-only from your direction then all older state is in your favor and your counterparty would be pretty dumb to breach in your favor).
@_date: 2019-05-31 05:17:23
You don't read charts.  You ***ignore*** charts, because the human brain is a pattern-matching machine and will see patterns where none exists (constellations, tortas burned with the image of Mother Mary, technical analysis....).
The only proper strategy is fiat cost averaging.  Pick a number of your fiat (I assume USD?), pick a time frame.  Every time frame, spend that amount of fiat to buy Bitcoin.  For example, precommit to "save 100 USD every month into Bitcoin".  Do that until you have to retire, or get married, or whatever.
@_date: 2019-05-28 09:45:51
The world is a lot more fragile than it seems at first glance.  Good day, and be more careful of your privacy.  is a good start, do not reuse any of your current IDs for financial stuff (whether bank or Bitcoin).  If you ever manage to sell any Rocket League items for Bitcoin, use [Wasabi]( to unlink your sale from your savings.
@_date: 2018-12-26 02:08:14
Because the *51%* attack uses SHA256 only, being a mining attack. While the topic overall discusses a DLP break via Shor's, *this* thread is about 51% attacks, which cannot be broken by Shor's.
@_date: 2018-12-24 10:54:13
Good thing you can make an LN payment processor with a 30 dollar RaspPi right.
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:21:57


IF the government is smart, it can insist that the business use a Hierarchically Derived wallet, and give the parent public key to the government.  Then the government can monitor all the money that comes into the business by simple blockchain monitoring.  The government can then define that any money that is received by the business *not* through a hierarchically-derived address is evidence of tax evasion.
Of course, taxation is theft, so ---
@_date: 2019-05-19 10:28:32


I don't think you understand onion routing and how it is used in Lightning then.
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:49:09
The damn device comes with two pieces of cardboard with 24 lines on it where you'r supposed to write the damn words.  WTF?
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:46:18
It's the simplest way to create invoiceless donations without adding anything to the BOLT spec.  Because no invoice is involved, the payer gets a lot of anonymity, making this very useful for donations to politically-loaded entities.
In theory two nodes on the network that cooperate with each other could steal the donation if they are both on different parts of the same circular route.  Note that the same thing can be done on *any* route to steal the fees of nodes between the two cooperating nodes; if you're doing "invoiceless payments" you are just hiding the payment in the Lightning fees.
@_date: 2018-12-07 10:00:51
Only if nobody uses Bitcoin anymore.
@_date: 2019-05-14 07:51:24


That's not how Nakamoto consensus works.
Full nodes accept the longest chain *that is valid under the rules they impose*.
All full nodes impose the 21 million limit.  Any chain that is longer, but has larger block subsidies than the fullnode-imposed rule, will be invalid and not accepted.
You cannot force a change on the code that runs on all fullnodes using Nakamoto consensus, because it's the code that implements Nakamoto consensus, not the other way around.
@_date: 2017-06-06 06:36:53
Let's put it this way.  If you lack sleep, get into your car, fall asleep on the wheel and crash, you won't get to enjoy your hodlings.
GO TO SLEEP!  HEALTH is way more important than BITCOIN
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:02:11
A sidechain begins by being pegged to a mainchain coin, such that *something* ensures that a sidechain token is claimable, one-for-one with a mainchain token.
That is, they have an exchange rate that is very close to 1 sidetoken = 1 BTC, with strong assurances (*somehow*) that ensure that exchange rate won't diverge.
Altcoins "float" massively relative to Bitcoin price.
@_date: 2018-12-07 09:58:57
The entire transaction ID plus an output number is used to specify a particular transaction and output number, or transaction output (txo).  The issue is that it is possible to spend a transaction output even while the transaction is unconfirmed (e.g. if you are doing child-pays-for-parent).
In addition, the fact that reorgs can happen means that a reference to blockheight and transaction index and output index is not stable unless the block is relatively stable, which usually means at least 6 confirmations deep.  If so you need to have 6 confirmations before you can spend anything, and you also obviously cannot perform CPFP.
@_date: 2018-12-20 05:47:41
That's a lot of money and you should move it out of blockchain.info and into a hardware wallet or offline Electrum.
Basically if it's something that you don't want to see go up in smoke --- it's large. Don't fuck it up.
A Trezor costs about 27mBTC -- that's a tiny amount compared to your total savings.  Think about it.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:11:02


"Bitcoin? Nobody uses it anymore because everybody's trying to compete for scarce block space."
"So if nobody's using it... who's bidding for the block space?"
High fees are due to high use.
@_date: 2019-05-24 07:36:38


You.... you ***bought***??  WTF?
Didn't you know that our moon predictions only worked if you, , specifically did ***NOT*** buy any Bitcoin?  Didn't you listen to the Bitcoin CEO during his quarterly report?
now we know why Bitcon's crashing!  It's all the fault of , he bought!
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:13:21
SegWit is backwards-compatible, meaning you can continue to use non-SegWit addresses and transactions onchain (they'll be slightly more expensive, this is a mild incentive to upgrade, i.e. SegWit provides a mild discount).  You can send from a SegWit-capable wallet to a non-SegWit-capable wallet, and an upgraded wallet that uses legacy addresses, but has been updated to parse SegWit addresses, can send to SegWit-capable addresses. Finally, there is a "full backward compatibility mode" for SegWit which uses P2SH (legacy addresses starting with "3") that most legacy wallets can send to (really old wallet versions can't), with the parsed version of the SegWit address embedded in the P2SH; a SegWit-capable wallet can receive via such an address too, if it supports that.
Trezor supports the P2SH-SegWit addresses, and can support sending to native SegWit addresses.  Some wallets, like Wasabi, can only receive via native SegWit addresses.  Electrum can support receiving via either native SegWit, or legacy (you set up an entire wallet to receive by one or the other, the same wallet file can't support both), but not by P2SH-SegWit (a deliberate strategy to increase support for native SegWit addresses).
Many exchanges do not yet support sending directly to native SegWit addresses, and obviously cannot support receiving via SegWit, either native or P2SH-SegWit.


Ignoring custodial non-solutions, both have to run a node.
For custodial solutions (e.g. BlueWallet) then the "real" sender/receiver is the custodial service, which needs to run a node.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:23:50
is working on BetterHash against this: 
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:39:34
A simpler way of "creating your own hardware wallet" would be:
1.  Get an old laptop or desktop.
2.  Buy a fresh hard disk.
3.  Format the hard disk.
4.  Remove any wireless LAN or wired LAN adapters, leave only USB adaptors.
5.  Install a Linux distro and a downloaded Electrum from 
6.  Set up a wallet.
7.  On your normal "online" computer, copy the xpubkey from the offline Electrum wallet to a new watch-only Electrum wallet on your normal online computer.
8.  Confirm you get the same receive address on your offline Electrum wallet and your online watch-only Electrum wallet.
8.  When you need to spend, use a USB stick to transfer unsigned transactions between your offline and online computers.
Hardware wallets basically just automate that transferring of unsigned transactions from your online computer to your offline computer (i.e. the hardware wallet itself).
@_date: 2018-12-08 17:01:50
The way Bitcoin wins is by getting even evil people to participate in good deeds, because it makes it better (incentivizes) doing good than not doing good.
For instance, long ago it would have been possible for a botnet operator to gather enough CPU power to attack Bitcoin (this was way before ASICs or even GPUs).
But it's much more lucrative for any single botnet operator to operate Bitcoin correctly than to attack it, since if a botnet operator were to attack it then each one will only be able to attack for their own benefit, competing against other attackers as well as the honest.
Thus each botnet operator would rationally prefer to build the blockchain, since they would get to earn some mining fees continuously, instead of always reversing it in order to double-spend, since they would also compete with others who are trying to double-spend.
The only way to be sure would be for a bunch of botnet operators to gather together enough hashpower to 51% attack the blockchain.
Similarly, by encouraging governments to hodl coins, governments become invested in protecting Bitcoin instead of attacking it.  It would not be to their interest to devalue the money they are hodling.  Alternatively they can attempt to gather enough Bitcoin to crash the market significantly --- but to crash the market they have to sell the coin, which means other people will now own the coin, presumably those of us interested in keeping Bitcoin protected.
@_date: 2017-05-17 10:12:59
To my knowledge:
Validation is approximately quadratic.
Ignoring bandwidth caps, propagation is between linear and quadratic - initially quadratic but as more nodes learn of new blocks it drops eventually to linear.
With bandwidth caps, propagation remains quadratic once sufficient number of nodes hit their bandwidth caps.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:47:54


You do have a point there.


I am ashamed to be a member of the human species.
@_date: 2017-07-19 00:26:59
If Antpool doesn't signal SegWit on bit1, btc1 (when it reaches 80% on bit4) will ignore their blocks.  So the 2 consecutive blocks will not cause btc1 to reorg.  Instead, if btc1 nodes are too isolated with each other, each btc1 miner will start forking themselves off each other's chain.
@_date: 2018-12-10 03:16:16
To an extent, yes.
@_date: 2019-05-19 10:27:29


Who do you trust to retrieve the USD-to-x exchange rate accurately?
(For that matter, this can be implemented with DLC)
And in any case... it's still centralized around the central bank, making it decentralized doesn't really help.
@_date: 2018-12-02 07:45:05
Ignore the idiot who says it won't scale. Routing is not a problem.
The central insight is that routing only needs to succeed once in order for a payment to get through. Not every route has to succeed. So there is plenty reliability if you have a few channels and a large network. In practice it rarely matters if every transaction changes the topology; you can always just try another route.
@_date: 2019-05-31 04:53:04
The printer is particularly weak, as Mark Bear says.  Many modern printers have long-term permanent storage.  Best is to buy an old printer model secondhand, make sure it can't connect to wifi (destroy the wifi antenna and wrap  the printer in grounded metal foil or a Faraday cage), then burn it to ashes afterward.
Even the "USB hardware random number generator" is likely to be beaten by 128 or so coin flips.
@_date: 2018-12-21 11:02:56
Mainnet release will be delayed by another two years, because a new set of assholes with an incentive to block the innovation will arise and try to split the community again.
@_date: 2018-12-10 01:11:56
Depends on the security breach. Assuming it is only in the SegWit specific code then a  hardfork to let SegWit addresses be spendable as if they were legacy addresses would generally be acceptable.
But the theoretical is asinine. The people implementing and reviewing SegWit were almost the same people who implemented and reviewed P2SH and compact blocks and pruning and RBF. If those did not degrade security, it is unlikely SegWit will either.
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:24:54
The real WTF is storing *your* data on *somebody else's* system.  Blockchain or Microsoft server, it doesn't matter --- *your* data should be *your* responsibility, held on *your* hardware.
The whole model is wrong.  Your gaming console only needs store save files that are kilobytes, plus an encryption key to decrypt your game.  You can store millions of that on a USB flash disk, your gaming console can have one built-in.
The *real* thing that is happening here is that *you are not being sold the Xbox hardware*.  You are being sold a *lease* to Microsoft's Xbox hardware, and part of that *lease contract* is that you keep your data on Microsoft's servers so that they can keep track of your usage of *their* hardware (which you just happen to agree to install in your home).
Just say no.  If it's really *your* hardware then you *don't* need to contact their servers for it to work; at best their servers are a convenience, but your hardware should work even without their servers.
Blockchain or not is immaterial.  **your data is your data**.  If somebody has it it's not your data anymore.
@_date: 2019-05-14 04:32:32
Not particularly, since the dust is so low it's not worth claiming it and you would be spending more on the CoinJoin fees than on the dust.
Somebody once wrote a dust-b-gone (now unmaintained) service which gathers that dust and donates it to miners by creating an `OP_RETURN` output and giving the entire dust to fees.  You register at the service, give the dust UTXOs to the service, then wait while other people connect, then make a CoinJoin that just makes an `OP_RETURN` and gives the entire dust to fees.
Wasabi itself only receives once per address, strongly enforcing non-reuse of addresses, so dust attacks are ignored by Wasabi.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:08:18
Because it's a random sampling.
Suppose we are considering 1d6 dice rolls.
We consider the "rollrate" being the number of dice rolls done per second.
What is the rollrate such that we find a "1" every 10 minutes?
Approximately, the roll rate is 6 / 10 minutes or 0.01 rolls per second.
Conversely, given a particular difficulty (the maximum value of a single dice roll we accept as a "valid" dice roll) and how long it takes between "valid" dice rolls, we can determine how many dice rolls were made per unit time (rollrate).
@_date: 2018-12-05 06:51:50
You misunderstand.
The blockchain remains as the "court of final resort".
Any problems in any higher layers can be brought to the blockchain layer.
Since the blockchain layer is costly, and if you are truly wrong you will lose anyway, you won't bother with behaving incorrectly in the first place.
Consider how much of your life does not involve courts, except in the abstract "you can be brought to court if you misbehave".  If you are employed, you have a contract.  You follow that contract: you do work, the employer pays you.  If the employer stops paying you, you can bring it to court.  If you stop working, the employer can bring you to court.  That is sufficient in practice for large sections of the populace to behave correctly according to the terms of contracts between them.
The difference here is that the definition of "incorrect behavior" is very well-defined, and it is impossible to practically bribe the blockchain layer court (you'd have to offer the miners more money than they would earn from mining honestly, often for several (a hundred blocks or so) blocks' worth of fees and subsidy).
1.  The blockchain layer is slow but has high security and well-defined behavior.
2.  The lightning layer is fast but has security dependent on the blockchain layer working correctly.
Note that the blockchain layer has to be carefully balanced.  If we allow too much activity on the blockchain layer, then decentralization of the blockchain layer suffers.  At the same time the blockchain layer is what everything is dependent on, so it has to be able to handle massive shocks.
@_date: 2018-12-22 14:07:17
Ask yourself: if it's perfectly fine for thousands of engineers and companies to contribute to a common Linux implementation, or GNU, or LibreOffice, or whatever FOSS project, why is it suddenly *not* fine for some shitcoin maker to contribute to a common Lightning implementation?
Shitcoins adopting Lightning validates Bitcoin's strategy of moving activity offchain, and shows that the true innovation in the blockchain space remains in Bitcoin.
Let them.  The more shitcoins use Lightning, the less they become relevant, because changes to rules in the upper layer do not require consensus, and the only reason why shitcoins are made is because they want to replace the Bitcoin consensus with something else.
@_date: 2018-12-26 02:20:10
Again, factually wrong. Lightning Network uses HTLC atomic swaps. Atomic swaps work across cryptocurrency systems. Each channel is its own two-person cryptocurrency system; an entire blockchain would also be a cryptocurrency system. The *token* won't matter; only having compatible hashing functions.
That said the current LN protocol has no facility for advertising exchange rates across tokens yet.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:01:43
It didn't care and walked away.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:33:50
Currently, you will need to install a fullnode on a computer you control, then install Lightning Network software on top.
You can install Eclair on a cellphone too, though there are UX issues.
@_date: 2019-05-30 10:26:03
You really only need to audit the client, and make sure it communicates to the server in a non-privacy-breaking way.  From that point-of-view, you can readily see that recent versions of the client make tremendous effort not to leak any information even to the server.
From this, it doesn't actually matter whether server is logging or not --- it doesn't have enough data to log.
This is better privacy than just auditing the server code: if the server gets any privacy-breaking information but you review the server code and see it doesn't log that information, that only shows what the server *would* do if it was compiled according to the open-source code.  It doesn't show what the server code that is ***actually running*** is.
This is loads better than (say) Samourai, because the Samourai client itself leaks your addresses to the server.  Samourai swears up and down that their server don't log your Bitcoin addresses and IP addresses together, but you can't trust that.  You can only trust what the client does, and what the client does is send your addresses to the server to query any balances.
Wasabi has the Wasabi server send a short summary of each block.  If the Wasabi client thinks a block might involve addresses it controls, it downloads the block from a random arbitrary `bitcoind`, ***not*** from the Wasabi server.  And it disconnects from the `bitcoind` after downloading *one* block, so a passive `bitcoind` can't observe the blocks you're downloading.
When mixing with Chaumian CoinJoin, Wasabi client connects twice, one to give inputs and one to claim an output, with a digital blinded bearer signature ensuring that you can only claim an output if you gave inputs, and the blinding ensuring that the server has no idea which output-claimant is which input-giver.
TLDR: Auditing the Wasabi client is enough, because if the Wasabi client doesn't give privacy-breaching info to the server (and it doesn't, believe me, I checked a bit), the server can't log what it doesn't know, so who cares about the code on the server?
You only need to watch out for when Wasabi / zkSNACKs  (the company behind Wasabi) gets behind SegWit4x or some such shit, because Wasabi is an SPV wallet by default.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:08:58




Only possible with a centralized coin.
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:36:11
For the Eclair case, it's noncustodial: owner of the phone holds the keys. It seems your wallet is custodial.  Aside from users having to trust you, there's also the problem that you might get hacked or otherwise forced to act against your user's benefit.
Eclair has the approach that their hub is "only" a hub and is noncustodial.  The drawback is the inability to receive funds on Lightning on mobile.
@_date: 2019-05-23 07:55:08


In theory yes.  ***Supposedly*** they are using an HSM that will prevent forks of more than 1 block from being possible, but you don't know how that's designed, unless or can point you to something.


The other federation members.  You need a supermajority of the federation to agree to this.


Start up your own exchange or multi-billion-dollar Bitcoin business and then convince Blockstream to add you.  I mean you're a Bitcoiner, you have a spare billion dollars somewhere on you right?
@_date: 2018-12-12 09:51:09
You do realize that this is already not possible to implement even now, right? Like there are jobs in third-world countries that never report an income and never get taxed (paying small amounts completely by cash, purchasing small goods by cash, not making big purchases that banks can sniff out because this is third-world-country and you live hand-to-mouth).  But governments still manage to get some taxes, somehow, to the point that the local tax collection officers are known to always get a good mansion well before they retire.
Government doesn't need to watch everyone. It just needs to watch enough for it to steal money.
@_date: 2019-05-09 05:41:41
The same probability as me boning Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner at the same time.
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:20:48


Then do what I did: hire somebody to help development.
@_date: 2019-05-15 11:20:02
The 24 words *is* the key.  The Ledger stores a copy, and your paper stores a (backup) copy.
Someone seeing your paper can get the keys and it becomes *their* bitcoin.  Be very careful, keep it safely hidden.
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:06:30
Because offchain payments that were backed by onchain contracts were already being considered as the way to scale up Bitcoin.  It's just that Satoshi screwed them up royally because he wasn't a god, he was just a human being.
For example, `nSequence` used to be that miners would, by convention, include the version of a transaction with the highest `nSequence`.
This would be the basis of a simple micropayment channel.  Suppose I am buying drinks from you.  For the first drink I'd make a transaction with `nSequence`=0 and we'd wait for it to confirm.  If it didn't confirm, but I wanted to buy another drink, I'd remake the transaction with `nSequence`=1 with a newer version giving you the cost of both drinks.  Miners would then prefer the transaction with higher `nSequence`.  This would continue until the transaction confirms, at which point I would then make a new transaction spending from the change output with a reset `nSequence`=0.  Or I could stop updating the on-mempool transaction once my liver stops working and I have to stop drinking, and eventually it would finalize once it was confirmed.
The problem with the above is that there is no way, post-facto, to prove what the highest `nSequence` ever made was.  I could buy 50 drinks from you and reach `nSequence`=49, then slip Jihan 25 of those drinks and then he'd go confirm the `nSequence`=0 version of my transaction, and then you'd be down 49 drinks and I only paid for one (well I'd pay for 25 drinks with my liver, but that's between me and my doctor).
This is because the mempool has no consensus: only actual blocks have consensus.
**And yet `nSequence` already existed at the first release of Bitcoin.**  The devs have since repurposed the field for relative locktimes (once it was realized that the old `nSequence` behavior was not enforceable onchain anyway), but `nSequence` was originally for micropayment channels.
In short, micropayment channels, which LN is just an implementation of, was part of the original plan for Bitcoin as released.
In fact, many contract systems are improved by being taken offchain.  Nonstandard contracts published and enforced onchain are visible as being nonstandard contracts, inviting nonfungibility of coins that went through such contracts.  But the offchain design pattern means that, if everybody involved in the contract agrees to what the result of the contract is, then the contract never needs to be published and it looks like an n-of-n spend, which is pretty standard for the more paranoid users. 
Thus, supporting offchain solutions by fixing malleability is important.
@_date: 2019-05-14 03:58:24


Honestly? I haven't tried using private key imports at all, I prefer just transferring them directly.  So maybe it's inaccurate for some advanced usage like importation of keys.
@_date: 2018-12-27 03:27:47
Lightning Network as is will give 10x to 100x scaling. Channel factories, when implemented, will be additional 10x. We still need a "next step" beyond that to gain another 10x scaling before the whole first world can use Bitcoin for payments. We need some thought devoted to this and further scaling.
@_date: 2019-05-12 15:03:43
Somewhere between 0 years and 120 years.
@_date: 2018-12-03 01:34:04
@_date: 2018-12-06 23:00:39
Well, it's not just that --- every channel can only pay between its participants.  LN provides a framework for paying across channels.
You could have multiparticipant "channels" but that moves you to something nearer to Liquid in the first place.
@_date: 2019-05-02 03:33:06
Depends on the seller/buyer you contact.  In my experience they want a photo ID and a photo of you.  This may vary depending on jurisdiction.
Clean your coins always, Wasabi already exists.
@_date: 2017-06-28 00:03:39
How would censorship work, if routing is via onion routing?
@_date: 2018-12-26 05:17:11
*facepalm*.  You make this statement without any supporting arguments.
Think about it.
Suppose I have tainted coins.
I use those tainted coins and make a couple channels on LN on a fresh node.
Eventually some autopilot creates channels to me.
I then send the funds on my tainted channels to the new channels, then close all of the channels.
This is effectively the equivalent of CoinSwap.  I have exchanged my tainted coins, trustlessly, for untainted coins with a different history.
Again, LN already contains CoinSwap and CoinJoin, ***for free*** (i.e. without any additional code than what you need for LN anyway).  Both are the top privacy improvements that we will have to deploy to get privacy on Bitcoin anyway.
Do you have no argument and only want to hate on LN?
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:37:41
New shitcoin, Bitcoin Dollar.  Infinite inflation, supply controlled by US Fed, proof-of-authority minting operation.  But it has low transaction costs!!!
@_date: 2018-12-20 08:41:26
Why are you holding money on behalf of the beneficiary anyway?
Have them give a set of addresses instead.  Publish their addresses on your website.
If another user wants to support the beneficiary, have them pay an amount both to the beneficiary's address and an address you control (as fee) in a single transaction.  This is possible in many existing onchain wallets.  Look for such a transaction and you can confirm (1) that the beneficiary is paid and (2) you're not controlling the beneficiary's money.
@_date: 2019-05-22 03:17:06
Your point-of-view is "businesses".  But Bitcoin's point-of-view is "everyone", not "businesses", should run a fullnode.  That means you. Me.  Some random guy in some random location in the world.  ***Not businesses***, individuals.  That is the decentralization being targeted, not "business" level.
It means being responsible for your *own* money, and depending as little as possible on anyone else.
@_date: 2019-05-07 06:04:45
You can already do that. Suppose someone has an obligation to you to provide some small amount of mBTC. Agree with them that this obligation is dispensed with once they have learned the preimage of a hash (a "proof of paymet"). Start up a LN node, make an LN invoice, give it to them. That entity can make a Lightning channel to your node, just a little above the obligation value, then pay like any normal LN payment. Now you have outgoing capacity and can pay over LN. Or close the channel and reopen elsewhere, whatev.
@_date: 2018-12-24 13:08:39
What programming skills do you have? I once got a freelancer into c-lightning development, . If you know C and/or Python, consider joining development. 
@_date: 2018-12-20 10:48:28
No, it's plenty anonymous now and will have better anonymity once payment decorrelation is implemented.  Records are kept offchain, possibly by third parties that are not necessarily under the jurisdiction of the law enforcement. This can leave substantial gaps in knowledge.


No.  I do not see government as benevolent, but only benevolent enough to keep its malevolence hidden.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:33:16
Bisq, since you specifically mentioned USD.
To others who might be here wondering about their country's currency,  is far more likely to have a random fiat currency than Bisq, though it requires ID registration (not quite KYC) and the buyer/seller might require ID from you too.
@_date: 2018-12-11 04:05:00


You do realize that jails are built for the prisoners, right?
@_date: 2019-05-27 02:52:37
We know of exactly one trustless construction that allows the spendability of one UTXO to depend on who spent another UTXO.
That is the HTLC.
An HTLC says: "this UTXO is spendable by A, if another UTXO X was already spent by B."
So let's formalize the UTXOs you'd need.
F1 = A -&gt; X -&gt; B
F2 = A -&gt; Y -&gt; B
R1 = B -&gt; X -&gt; A
R2 = B -&gt; Y -&gt; A
We want the conditions to be:
R1: this UTXO is spendable by A, if F1 is spent by B after F2 is spent by B.
R2: this UTXO is spendable by A, if F2 is spent by B after F1 is spent by B.
This is not possible on the Bitcon blockchain.
1.  Simultaneous spends of F1 and F2 are possible onchain by B, thus conditions like "after" are not possible.
    You might say "but Lightning is offchain".  Fine, say it.  But remember that any Lightning channel *can be closed by either participant at any time*.  B can close both channels by which F1 and F2 arrive, forcing them onchain, and then spending them simultaneously with a single onchain transaction.
2.  Like I said, we only know of one construction that allows the spendability of one UTXO to depend on the spentness of another UTXO, and that's the HTLC.  And it only allows a very simple "if UTXO X is spent, this UTXO can be spent".  This can be fixed by using Scriptless Script (so that a UTXO can be spent if and only if *all* of these UTXOs X, Y... are also spent), but even so, see the previous point: we want to order spentness but the Bitcoin blockchain simply does not support it.
Now potentially what could be done would be for there to be *one less* return payment than forward payment.  Then the return payments can have the simpler condition: "this UTXO is spendable by A, if any F* is spent by B" which can be done by using the same hash for all payments.
But that just shifts the risk from payer to payee: now the payee needs to trust that the payer *will* make one more forward payment than return payment.  And this is a hard problem, because while the payment is being transported over the network, you cannot really query intermediate nodes about where the payment is stuck (even if you did, you would have to *trust* their say-so).  The payer cannot ask the payee and the payee cannot ask the payer if they have released the proper number of payments (even if you did, the other side would have to *trust* their say-so).
Now maybe for tiny tiny payments, you could have a "trusted" model.  But even if payer and payee trust each other, intermediate nodes cannot trust them.  For all the intermediate node knows, maybe the payer and payee are really the same person.  So if the intermediate node trusts anything, then the payer and payee can collude to slowly drain the intermediate node of money over several payment attempts.  You might get away with a trusted model using a direct channel (so that intermediate nodes do not have to trust you, and maybe you can rely on some measure of trust between the payer and payee who know each other) but that doesn't make it a ***network***, does it?
So, sorry, but in a trustless model, parallel payments are currently not known to be possible.
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:12:25
SegWit has been around for 3 years.  It was deployed on a testnet to check for bugs.  Lots of people pored over the code.  It's not new.
@_date: 2019-05-23 09:24:37
***Ideally*** that will be automatic: stuff is still being implemented and so on so there's a lot of stuff that still needs to be done and few people do it (because everyone here just keeps their money in an exchange and chants "up up up up").  ***Hopefully*** there will eventually be enough liquidity on Lightning that even a 50BTC transfer will be doable by splitting it up across multiple channels on multiple routes converging to the payee (the spec for splitting up a payment over Lightning is still being "vigorously discussed" i.e. madly debated by partisans of various niggling technical details, incidentally lnd's "original AMP" is wrong and c-lightning's "bass amplifier" is right and don't let the lnd guys convince you otherwise even though their software runs 90% of the nodes on the network), so that you don't even need any onchain action (because onchain is slow and expensive, while Lightning finalizes in seconds and is cheap).
Basically: Lightning provides fast transfers by using some complicated stuff that we know is secure (because we have papers showing security and the implementations are reviewed carefully and we've had the software running handling real money for a year and a half now etc etc), but there are little details about those that we need to provide some nice wrappers to paper over so that end users don't have to handle the details.  You know, engineering.
@_date: 2017-06-28 10:42:12
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:13:40
If Bitcoin can get its shit together and enable SegWit, which makes sidechains a little easier to get into Core, then Mimblewimble can be a sidechain rather than a separate coin with its own volatility issues.
(technically sidechains don't need SegWit, but SegWit adds version numbers to script, so sidechains-as-a-new-script-version is a softfork. otherwise it would be sidechains-as-a-hardfork, or sidechains-as-a-softfork-as-complex-as-SegWit-but-has-none-of-SegWit-benefits)
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:11:00
It generates keys and looks for money.  If 20 consecutive keys have no money, it stops.
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:33:14
Who will the miner trust to give a proper blacklist?
@_date: 2018-12-05 07:16:14
Bitcoin bases itself on some important core principles, most of them implied in the environment the Bitcoin project was launched in rather than explicitly written anywhere in the Bitcoin whitepaper.
Bitcoin was first released to a group of people known as cypherpunks.
Briefly, cypherpunks believe, to some extent:
1.  That cryptography gives freedom and equality, by letting you hide details about your life and only share them with specific individuals: you have the freedom to reshape your online identity, and you have equality in that the same algorithm that NSA uses is the same algorithm you can use.
2.  That working code matters more than grandstanding or theoreticals.
3.  That government can be minimized or removed in many cases (anarchism), with cryptography taking up many of its functions (often with the superior result of greater equality, i.e. you can't crack the NSA's encryption, but neither can the NSA crack yours; compare this to the law-mandated gun disparity between you and the local police), i.e. Code is Law.
4.  That the unfettered free market is far more efficient at acquiring and distributing what people want and need, than any other economic or governmental system.
1.  Cryptography is an inherent part of Bitcoin.
2.  The code was released very quickly after the theoretical whitepaper, and even today it is far more important for engineers to present working code.
3.  The Bitcoin blockchain replaces certain functions of the government: issuance of economic tokens, and enforcement of certain kinds of contracts.
4.  The Bitcoin blockchain has a fixed issuance schedule of economic tokens.
Now you focus on such things as:


Let us be more precise; The Bitcoin blockchain layer has a limit of about 7 blockchain actions per second.  This may get lowered in the future.
Layers on top of the Bitcoin blockchain are where we can have higher numbers of actions.
On another thread, you object:




We do not.  We made the Lightning network security dependent on the blockchain security.  Improving the blockchain security improves the security of the Lightning layer, because the blockchain layer has the final say --- it is the court of final resort, replacing contract breach courts (as per the principle that fallible human governments can be replaced with cryptosystems with reliable well-defined behavior).
The important thing is that:
1.  The blockchain security is not degraded by increases in the actions-per-second every node needs to be able to verify.
2.  The Lightning security is still dependent on the blockchain security and has security only slightly lower than the blockchain level security.
Finally, there is the important principle that "code talks, bullshit walks".  This attracts a good part of the talent pool available.  I've listed in another thread a bunch of Bitcoin-only or Bitcoin-primarily developers:


All of them have significant experience, not just with Bitcoin, but with various altcoins (both theoretical and shipping).  Many of them have found bugs in altcoins.  Many of them have significant contributions to Bitcoin and its ecosystem.  You can be reasonably sure with high probability that if some brilliant mind gets into cryptocurrency, they will hang out with existing brilliant minds, who are mostly hanging out here in Bitcoin and mostly not in some other coin.
In short: almost all the innovation will occur here in Bitcoin, not in alts.
@_date: 2017-06-09 00:58:33


Let me put this in Systems Engineer terms.  You have an input that increases linearly into a process whose output increases quadratically.  Do you replace the outgoing pipe (block size increase) or the process (switch to SW+LN)?
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:59:57
They are covering the funds with a fund that they set aside and promised not to touch until something bad happens (SAFU).
By stealing some coins from themselves, they get to touch the SAFU.
@_date: 2018-12-12 04:20:19
Currently that would be impossible, but in the future, when LN switches to points and scalars (from the current hashes and preimages), then it becomes possible (at least until QC break of the discrete log problem).
(points and scalars are used as pubkeys and privkeys respectively, but for LN proof-of-payment the scalar is revealed instead of just proving knowledge of the scalar)
Each time the company would be paid, the shareholders generate a multiparty point and scalar, with each shareholder holding a scalar (and corresponding point).  The multiparty point can be the sum of the shareholder's points, but that is unsafe if shareholders don't trust each other; I believe protocols like MuSig or Bellare-Neven would allow generation of a multiparty point without revelation of each party's scalar or attacks like signature cancellation.
The company then issues an LN invoice using the multiparty point.  The company node can only claim the payment if the shareholders reveal their individual shareholder scalars to the company (the multiparty scalar being some function on the shareholder scalars).
When the invoice is paid, in order to claim it, the company needs to get the shareholder's scalars somehow.  Importantly it needs to get them all, or none of them get paid (if one of the shareholders disappears, the other shareholders have to go find him and beat him up to get him to comply, lolz).
The contract that the company issues to the shareholders:
1.  The shareholders jointly reveal the sum total of their scalars (i.e. the multiparty scalar), and the payment is plit according to the predefined shares each has (i.e. all of you get paid), OR
2.  After a future time B, the money reverts back to the company (i.e. or none of you get paid) and the external incoming payment is also cancelled (reverted back to the original payer).
The above contract, unfortunately, is most easily done onchain.  The problem is that on Lightning, the company can only offer contracts to each shareholder --- it cannot offer contracts that apply to all shareholders simultaneously.
This is dangerous since it becomes possible for some shareholders to claim their payments, while one of the shareholders (secretly one of the other shareholders who is also posing as the customer of the company) droes not.  Then some of the shareholders get paid, but the company is unable to claim the payment (it needs to know the scalars of all the shareholders to generate the multiparty scalar), so that the company loses operating capital.
Of course, we wanted to keep everything on Lightning.  So what we can do would be to form a multiparty channel instead of two-party channels :).  For example [Fulgurite]( is a generalization of Lightning where "channels" may involve subchannels, and may involve multiple parties instead of just two.
For our specific usecase we only need a Fulgurite multiparty channel where all the shareholders and the company itself are on.  The shareholders can then use the Fulgurite multiparty channel to interface to the LN network and buy things, or send the money to their own personal LN node (using normal LN HTLCs, or "P"TLCs when we switch to points and scalars).
The company can then require that it and all its shareholders be part of such a multiparty channel.  The company can then issue the above contract as a single contract inside the Fulgurite multiparty channel, targeting all shareholders and enforcing the atomicity of "all of you get paid, or none of you get paid".
An issue remains in that if a shareholder drops out, then the company stops working --- it cannot accept any payments at all (i.e. it falls down to "none of you get paid").  Some kind of threshold signature scheme can be used, but unless you trust the other shareholders you should not accept that.
@_date: 2017-07-03 03:43:35
To be more specific, the use case of the "Send" tab of an Electrum watch-only wallet involves:
1.  A "hot" computer connected to the Internet where your Electrum watch-only wallet is.
2.  A "cold" computer that is not connected to the Internet at all, where your Electrum full wallet is.
The send tab in the watch-only wallet is then capable of creating an unsigned transaction.  You can copy the unsigned transaction to the cold computer (via USB stick usually), sign it on the cold computer, then copy the signed transaction to the hot computer, load the signed transaction there, and then broadcast to the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2019-05-31 03:54:03
OP specifically said:


I was responding to that, not saying anything about how Trampoline routing does not help scale.
Indeed, in terms of *scale* (rather than *payment reliability*) at some point even desktop or some servers may very well be unable to store the *entire* global routemap.  I am talking of a future where there are billions of channels and no single node can map it all.  In such terms, trampoline becomes an important ingredient later, when we have some kind of semi-cooperative routing where each node makes a best effort to route as "near" to the next trampoline node as possible.
@_date: 2018-12-29 04:25:37


The same industry that spawned Jihan and Ver?
@_date: 2018-12-26 10:07:44


The currency is *in* the invoice itself, so you know what currency the recipient has to receive the money in.
Because of source routing (i.e. payer searches for route), the payer also has to know the currency of every intermediate hop.
Because potential intermediate hops must announce publicly their channels, a simple way of preventing spam of nonexistent channels is to require that channels be verifiably confirmed on the blockchain hosting the channel.  This means that every channel you route through (other than the ones you directly have) must be publicly declared as having been put on *some* blockchain with *some* value in *some* currency, meaning in practice that you know what currency and what capacity of the channel you are routing through is.
Finally the routing instructions involve giving some fee to the hop node, which must be denominated somehow, and the *payer* pays that fee, so has to know exactly what the how much the hop node wants to charge for the routing and again must know what the hop node will charge in what currency.
Admittedly if rendezvous routing manages to get implemented then you also won't know what the payee ***really*** uses (only what the rendezvous node is expecting), but at least for current LN, no, you *do* know what currency the recipient is using, and every intermediate node in between, because you build the entire route.
Also, since the "next channel" is now an advisory rather than strict requirement after BOLT 1.1, in theory if you have a Bitcoin channel *and* random-shitcoin channel with the same node, and somebody forwards to you via the Bitcoin channel but the Bitcoin channel is insufficient capacity, you *could* arrange with the other node to use the random-shitcoin channel instead in that case.  However since fees are involved for routing, and it is unlikely that both of you can find some decent exchange rate between random-shitcoin and Bitcoin that would not totally dominate one way or another over the fees the payer allocated for that hop, that is probably not going to happen and you would probably prefer to just fail the forwarding than risk possibly getting delayed payments and changing the exchange rate across the random-shitcoin vs. Bitcoin.
Across currencies, HTLCs become very short-term buy options rather than enforcing atomicity.  Suppose I know you are willing to exchange currencies over the LN.  I arrange two nodes, one with a Bitcoin channel to you, the other with random-shitcoin channel.  At any point of time, there is an exchange rate you are willing to give between the Bitcoin and random-shitcoin channel.  I arrange a payment via the Bitcoin channel to my other node via the random-shitcoin channel.  This payment involves a final CLTV which could be as much as 144 blocks (one day).  If one day later the price of random-shitcoin has risen relative to Bitcoin, then I can have my random-shitcoin node claim the payment, and since the contracts have been precommitted, the exchange rate used is the exchange rate 1 day before, not now.  On the other hand if one day later the price of random-shitcoin has dropped relative to Bitcoin, then I refuse to take the option and pretend the payment failed to route, which you cannot determine since even errors are onion-wrapped.  With two "payments" (really buy options!) in-flight in opposite directions I get better exposure and earn regardless of which direction the random-shitcoin to Bitcoin exchange rate goes.  Of course I am really just extracting money from you.
You *could* protect against this by greatly increasing your fees such that the exchange rate drift across 1 day would likely to be small compared to your fee, but that is now a big friction when passing across cryptocurrencies (and since the payer pays for the fees, it has to know about this larger-than-typical fee, and can probably guess that some cryptocurrency exchange occurs, not to mention that the payee indicates the desired currency anyway).  Alternatively you can limit the CLTV requirement, but that now limits the maximum length of routes past your node, which again is another friction across cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-12-07 04:19:49
I would very much like to run a fullnode, but bandwidth limitations and general inability to buy hardware I can cheaply run a fullnode 24/7 on mean I can't.
A fullnode will let me have convenience --- all I need is run ElectrumX on it and point my Electrum wallet to my own fullnode.
@_date: 2017-07-31 09:48:07
LTC at least attempted to innovate by:
1. Switching to a memory-hard proof-of-work hash in the hope it would make the gap between CPU and GPU and ASIC smaller (as I understand it, the gap between CPU and GPU is still relatively the same as in Bitcoin, the gap between GPU and ASIC is slightly smaller in Litecoin, but arguably not by enough).
2.  Increase the transaction rate by reducing average inter-block times.
At least  above is a good result: obviously scrypt-style memory-hardness isn't good enough.
Then there's the fact that LTC has recently served as an example that BIP148 could work to pressure miners and that SegWit seems to be pretty solid engineering.
That said, now that we know the above, don't expect LTC to retain its value.  Maybe if LTC can keep itself much more up-to-date on new stuff like sidechains and Schnorr signature aggregation.
@_date: 2018-12-21 01:17:16
Like Tether, but by Circle.
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:49:30
localbitcoins.com seems to be the exchange that most easily has "reach" in many countries.
@_date: 2019-05-26 08:50:23
Those of us living in third world countries don't have a choice in that matter.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:12:36
It's a channel, not a payment :)
@_date: 2019-05-23 09:41:03
He's strongly implying that somebody in government deliberately made a math error and pocketed 18000 BTC.
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:39:09
I was being sarcastic, sorry.  There is no use case for Liquid that cannot be done *better* by Lightning.  So to me, it's better to focus on Lightning than on Liquid.
1.  Privacy.  Liquid has confidential transactions which makes it difficult to track transaction values (but addresses remain trackable).  Lightning has offchain source routing which makes it difficult to track payers and payees (but transaction values can be guessed at to some % accuracy), and the offchainness means your transaction is not known by everyone (so monitors cannot know the entire transaction graph and use it for analysis).  Lightning wins.
2.  Fast transactions.  Liquid has a fast 10-second block creation rate, so getting one confirm on your transaction should be fast, and because of the fixed block signer set, orphans are far less likely (so accepting a single confirmation is much safer than on Bitcoin).  On Lightning, payments that take entire seconds to finalize are *slow* transactions going through nodes with lousy Internet connections.  Lightning wins.
The only thing that Liquid can theoretically do currently that Lightning cannot do currently is large-value transfers, but Lightning will eventually lift the current max-transaction-value limits at some point.
Edit: I almost forgot: the Turing-complete, purely functional language Simplicity will probably get on Liquid before it gets on Bitcoin.  Lightning could in theory transport any Bitcoin-enforceable contract within a payment channel, and if that contract is transportable across cryptocurrency systems (e.g. HTLC) then it can be transported across channels on the network.  Since Simplicity will be deployed on Elements, then on Liquid, before Bitcoin, then it will be a long time before Simplicity contracts can be transported over Lightning.
Source: 


Blockstream's Liquid network.
@_date: 2019-05-24 10:03:06
That's correct.
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:22:14
And I showed you how your argument holds no water.
The most viable privacy improvements we can deploy on Bitcoin today are CoinJoin and CoinSwap.
Lightning Network *already* implements CoinJoin and CoinSwap as part of its everyday operation.  You don't even need to do anything special.  You just put your tainted coins on a channel and swap it for untainted coins on somebody else's channel to pay for some product, which is how routing works anyway.  After the channel closes, then maybe you just transferred your tainted coins to the other person and the other person was actually you.  Or maybe the other person forwarded your value to something else that you laundered your coins with.  Anyone looking at the onchain history would be unable to determine this, because the history was offchain and nobody saw it except you and who you paid to.
Thus, Lightning Network is *still* the solution, because it already includes ***onchain privacy improvements*** like CoinJoin and CoinSwap.
The onus is now on you to prove that you have something better than CoinJoin or CoinSwap that can be deployed on Bitcoin today.
@_date: 2019-05-08 03:09:57
Depends how you define  "intrinsic value", again.  If you consider "the USA/Great Britain/EU government wants this for taxes and fees" as "intrinsic value", then that's the "intrinsic value" of those currencies.
The term "intrinsic value" is a misnomer.  Nothing has intrinsic value.  [Brains assign value to certain objects based on their pre-programmed heuristics](  It is this disagreement of heuristics which fuels arguments about "intrinsic value".  My brain finds Bitcoin of value because it has a commitment to no inflation, and is mildly programmable, sufficiently enough to allow transfers of value without requiring always using the blockchain layer.
@_date: 2017-06-12 09:49:32
USA citizens are subject to taxes wherever they live, because the USA is really the owner of Earth and can send their guns wherever they want.
@_date: 2017-06-04 23:32:10
Well, yes, that would work too, although a CoinJoin would allow the "replay protection provider" to charge fees for it.  But if there's strong support I suppose there will be replay protection providers who will be willing to provide the service "for free" and use the anyone-can-spend alternative.
Indeed, since once you have replay protection, you can be a replay protection provider yourself (just make more than one OP_TRUE 0.0 outputs), I guess the long-term fee will drop to 0.
@_date: 2018-12-26 02:10:18
will want to rain on your parade
@_date: 2017-06-30 01:58:01
Well, I don't know either, and have no idea.  We'll need the numbers here, I suppose.
@_date: 2017-06-05 00:54:36
Luke's a greater expert at Bitcoin than I am, so I honestly don't understand how his idea works \^\^.
I'm a bit wary of step 8's "go back to step 3" though - hostile attackers might try to keep you in that loop until your fund is run dry from the fees you'll be paying for the transactions.  Don't know how feasible such an attack would be; I'd defer to Luke if he says outright it's not likely.
Overall I'd prefer one of the miner-based transaction merging techniques (either coinjoin or the 0.0 anyone-can-spend you found), because once the transaction is confirmed, you don't need to do any checking and try again.
@_date: 2017-06-08 09:15:56
&lt;sigh&gt; I guess I should make a humongous /S here right
@_date: 2017-06-02 08:50:54
Bitcoin for the Bitcoin God!  Blocks for the Block Chain!
Edit: On a more serious note, it's probably just somebody homaging Nakamoto and burning money.  The funds can be spent, if Satoshi ever gets out of cold storage and still remembers his private keys.
@_date: 2017-05-03 07:08:19
Bidirectional micropayment channels is already implemented in a malleability-proof way in Lightning, so Yours using two unidirectional channels is an older technology similar to Moonbeam.  Bidirectional micropayment channels require a hashlock to act as revocation witness of older commitment transactions.  To revoke your old commitment, you send the hashlock to your counterparty.
Bidirectional channels in a malleable Bitcoin never managed to get into the Lightning paper (it was apparently discovered/realized in discussions on the Lightnint Network dev list).
The remaining part of Lightning that needs malleability fixed is trustlessly opening a channel without timeout.
Trustless opening of channels (unidirectional or bidirectional) can be done without SegWit if the channel has a fixed timeout.
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:32:38
If Core manages to implement two-way pegs in Bitcoin, they won't be federated, they'd be either SPV-confirmed (Core's original sidechains paper) or miner-confirmed (drivechains).  Rootstock (the company) is pushing to get drivechains, and bootstrapped Rootstock (the chain) as a federated sidechain, which will eventually be supported by either SPV-confirmed-sidechains or drivechains.
@_date: 2019-05-30 05:30:26
In other news: Water, Wet?
@_date: 2017-06-05 01:32:32
Head over to [bitcoin-dev](  A few nifty things that caught my eye:
1. [Combining all Schnorr signatures in transactions in a block so that the combined signatures in a block are shorter than the concatenation of each transaction's signatures](
2. [Unordered UTXO set hashes so that we can eventually completely prune old history without losing UTXO's](
@_date: 2018-12-08 17:08:27
Just force people to lock Bitcoins into, say, a one-month timelocked contract, with the contract containing a commitment to a particular statement like "is really awesome!" (using pay-to-contract schemes), and have them send the transaction details and how to extract the commitment from the contract to the one they want to give reputation to.
Of course it now becomes possible to just gather money and synthetically increase your reputation, but at least that has the opportunity cost of locking up funds.
@_date: 2019-05-12 10:15:50
And if the might of a world superpower is beaten back by Bitcoin, then it *does* kinda mean it *is* the ultimate system.
Or even better: that it might very well coerce a world superpower to *work for its behalf*, means it is so much more powerful and valuable.
@_date: 2019-05-07 06:18:16
Unilateral backouts for some protocols could be made as just normal txes with nonzero future `nLockTime`; in combination with Scriptless Script you never have to do anything more than MuSig on Schnorr, or 2p-ECDSA if your protocol is 2 participant.
Of course that limits your protocol to some final time, so for eg Lightning Network it's no good. MAST might reduce the expected case by some witness bytes but it would be a relatively minor optimization.
@_date: 2018-12-12 10:05:30
Others have explained to you already that the Lightning Network is a *network* and thus it's possible to forward payments even to people you have no direct channel with --- all you need is at least one viable path from you to them.
The important part of LN is that only two transactions get posted on the blockchain for each channel: one to close, one to open.
If you make a dozen payments for each channel you establish, then you get 6x scaling.
If you make many more payments, you get even more.
The eventual goal would be that you will establish some channels at the beginning of your life and only close them when your heirs liquidate your assets after you die.  Of course, stuff can happen to channels, such as a channel peer getting hardware hit by literal lightning and being unable to participate on the LN, but those should be relatively rare.
Now this goal won't be achievable of course, but hopefully you'll have channels that will be kept alive for years.  And all the transactions you'd send and receive (i.e. you get your salary over LN too, then send them on LN to pay) would be amortized over the two transactions you actually publish onchain.
That's why estimate is that LN, by itself, buys us between 10x to 1000x scaling.  A mere 2x blocksize increase would only buy us a mere 2x scaling.
A future enhancement to LN, channel factories, would buy us another 10x scaling.
I believe that to exceed Visa levels we need to achieve some 10,000x scaling globally.  LN and channel factories barely get us there.  We need a few more 10x scalings to achieve true global capacity where everything is transacted in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-09 08:26:18
For the offline PC, I suggest downloading a Linux and installing that.  Then get an Electrum .appimage from  and use a USB stick to copy from your normal computer to the Linux box (this reduces the surface at which your offline computer can be attacked; Linuxen are relatively resilient against virii that could infect USB sticks, and you do *not* want your cold storage to be infected with a virus, even if it can't call home with your private keys. Just make sure not to leave the USB stick plugged in for long: you might have set USB as a boot option and some virii can store themselves in the boot of a USB stick).
Then follow 
You'll need Electrum on your normal computer too, to watch your hodlings, get fresh receive addresses, and maybe spend if you really want to (instructions are in the linke I gave).  You'll have to transfer the xpub from your offline to your online computer; getting the xpub won't let anyone steal your keys, but it *will* let them also watch your hodlings.
12 words is safe.  Make sure nobody sees you writing them down and storing the paper safely *far* from your offline computer.  Some guy once lost his savings because he kept his hardware wallet and both paper backups in the same desk, managed to set his desk on fire, and found that the water he used to put it out destroyed his paper after the fire burned his hardware wallet.
@_date: 2018-12-22 14:14:33
It allows low-bandwidth, non-privacy-leaking monitoring of channel breaches.
Eclair on mobile uses unidirectional channels, which cannot be breached economically (i.e. the one breaching is going to lose money in favor of the Eclair mobile wallet).  So it doesn't need Neutrino, but at the price of not being able to receive on Lightning.
With Neutrino, mobile noncustodial wallets (or otherwise noncustodial wallets with low bandwidth constraints --- consider third-world countries with lousy Internet) can monitor for channel breaches without requiring watchtowers.
Of course, like all changes, Neutrino will require a lot of arguing and bikeshedding and political shit in order to arrive on mainnet.  Maybe a few years from now.
@_date: 2018-12-06 05:10:45
A further development is Burchert-Decker-Wattenhofer channel factories, which will allow onboarding of dozens of people at once using a single onchain tx, for a further 10x boost.
Getting 8 or so years to onboard everyone becomes less pressure then.
For now devs are working on improving the ability to send payments via multiple routes, reducing the possibility of stalls, and features requested by users.  It'll come eventually after a few years.
@_date: 2019-05-02 02:31:55


I'm saying this is *the* problem: all participants know the global ordering used.  If *one* of the participants is secretly an NSA spy who wants to unwrap the S6, then they know that destination address at order index 0 is the owner of the input that pays to the destination address at order index 1.
For example: suppose we know the ordering in which the timelocks are decreasing.  Now suppose the first output address pays to WikiLeaks, then we look at the second output address, find out who paid to it onchain --- that's the input that was given by the first output address, then continue our analysis there and locate the WikiLeaks supporter and throw him into a gulag for reeducation.
Compare this to a Chaumian CoinJoin where a *single* participant cannot do the above tracing even though every participant sees the CoinJoined transaction; it requires that every participant *except one* be the NSA.
@_date: 2019-05-08 04:06:34
Do note that bluewallet is not your keys, unlike Eclair which keeps keys on your phone.
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:45:16
The longer the beard, the more proof-of-beard you have in the consensus of best coder. 
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:58:31
Saved after fuck-up
@_date: 2017-06-09 09:59:39
Of course not, ***S***atoshi ***N***akamoto is is ***N***ick ***S***zabo's sockpuppet, didn't you hear?
@_date: 2017-06-07 03:01:37
 Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-06-08 02:00:09
And now he's in cold storage.
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:17:50
Liar.  This is obviously a miracle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:01:34
It's not a bailout, WTF
@_date: 2018-12-05 02:00:06
Payment decorrelation (which either requires a complicated Bitcoin SCRIPT, 2p-ECDSA (which requires going through another cryptosystem, Paillier), or (most simply) Schnorr) will eliminate the proof-of-payment problem, since intermediate nodes know the invoice secret `i` plus a random number, and only knows the delta in random numbers between its incoming and outgoing payment.
@_date: 2017-06-07 00:19:38
Well, yes, there is that.
@_date: 2017-06-28 10:52:15
Don't know about Mycelium, sorry.  In Electrum you'd look through the addresses tab and look at the incoming txs per address.
If you've only used it once for receiving, then probably indeed it's high tx fees at this point.  Monitor the mempool:  .  If it goes below 10,000 unconfirmed txs it's a good time to send small amounts.
According to:  indicates that the fee rate for an hour of confirmation time is about 271sat/byte.  Assuming a "normal" 1 input -&gt; 2 output tx (if you really did receive just once, ever), that's 180 bytes per input + 34 bytes per output + 10 bytes = 258 bytes, so 69918  satoshi or about $1.77 indeedy.  (edit: it's two outputs because one output goes to who you're paying, and the other output goes back to your Mycelium wallet. Yes, bitcoin does not work how you expect it to work.)
Consider spending more instead \^\^.  Or if you insist on such a small amount, consider spending on weekends, when the mempool clears.
@_date: 2018-12-26 05:04:41
Lightning can keep no records of who pays who, making spend snalysis impossible. If you have a good part of your economic life offchain, and also spend some of your gains on Lightning, there is nothing tying tou to any particukar taint.
In short, Lightning provides pretty good privacy just by itself.
Dual-funded channels are coinjoins too, and the resulting split of the funds after channel close has no identifying who owns which fund; only the peers themselves know who owns which.
With channel factories later on, it'll be even more coinjoin participants on each channel.
Coinjoins can also masquerade as Lightning non-public channel opens and closes.
In short, Lightning is *still* the solution.
Yes, your channel cointerparty knows how much you own on the channel and which output is not his or hers. But the same is true in a coinjoin anyway!
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:13:19
There is only one use case:
*  It gives Blockstream an income stream from licensing the  Liquid software and lets them pay for their Bitcoin Core and Lightning Network developers.
@_date: 2018-12-20 08:58:11
It's not possible.
Suppose the 2nd layer makes small coffee transactions private for everyone.
Suppose I am a corrupt bureaucrat in the government.  Because I take care of the people under me, I buy them coffee everyday, spending it from the official bureaucracy budget.
Of course, I buy them coffee from my brother-in-law's coffee shop.  My brother-in-law, aside from being a good-for-nothing who somehow got my sister to marry him, is also a very lousy coffee-maker and in practice everyone who gets his coffee throws it away.  So to save expense, often he just doesn't bother to give coffee anyway.
Frotunately for him, I have now manage to sequester money from official government sources to the private sector by laundering it through his coffee shop.
This is just a single example but I hope this will open your eyes to the possibilities.
If the money onchain is intended to be fungible with offchain money, then it is possible to swap onchain money for offchain money.  This means I can let go of my lousy obligations to be transparent in exchange for superior money that is nontransparent.
The Transparent Society is a failure from the get-go.  The big difference between you and your government is that your government is widely seen as having the ability to send goons to your house and throw you in jail.  You do not have the same power over the government.
@_date: 2019-05-07 06:58:34


If the attacker is able to make you sign your funds away to an arbitrary SCRIPT without you actually checking it, yes, but if the attacker is able to do that, it's able to convince you to sign your funds away to a SCRIPT involving only pubkeys it controls, so no.


See, SegWit versions allow us to completely change the interpretation of SCRIPT.  This means we can completely reinterpret every undefined SCRIPT byte as `OP_SUCCESSx`.  Thus the remaining `OP_NOPx` opcodes are now redefined as `OP_SUCCESSx` and some other undefined SCRIPT bytes are also now redefined as `OP_SUCCESSx`.
So you can only use `OP_SUCCESSx` (or rather, their redefinitions in future softforks) in SegWit v1, and probably later, but they cannot be used in P2SH or current SegWit v0.
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:16:35
while cute, it's not actually an official BIP.  The official BIP's are at 
@_date: 2017-06-02 07:02:16
It's OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY.  However, to my knowledge there is no good software for this yet, so unless you can code blockchain software, this is probably moot.
@_date: 2017-06-13 23:47:02
When I'm rich enough to retire early and spend my days writing video games and teaching my kids about the awesomeness of the universe.
@_date: 2017-06-12 10:01:03
My family (wife and 2 kids) lives in a fucking lousy 3rd world country at just about $2k per month.  Not like kings, but we're a little comfortable than most here.  If I had 110 BTC, I could do partial retirement and write simple video games for a little passive income (assuming BTC is fixed at the equivalent of $2000 in today's assets, 110BTC will be 9 years, which can be extended a little with some extra side income, freelance work, or Bitcoin Mooning).
Do note that I consistently call my country fucking lousy, and I love my country.  Most people of my skillset and nationality prefer to emigrate.
@_date: 2017-06-11 19:12:26
To improve Bitcoin.  Primarily a lot of the discussion is to make Bitcoin more efficient, since it's based on a constantly-growing ledger.  They are constrained by backwards compatibility, as it is very difficult to propagate changes to the entire network at once.  They're also there in case some important exploit  or vulnerability is found.
Of these, the most important is security, the second backwards compatibility (as without backwards compatibility the basis of security is lessened) and last is optimization (without optimization, Bitcoin will be unable to scale well).
@_date: 2017-06-05 03:34:27
Sorry I was just buying a coffee-exporting country.
@_date: 2017-06-23 05:26:30
That's what's already done by modern wallet software.
@_date: 2018-12-04 07:03:13
Coffee cannot scale with a batch size increase.  The latency of pouring the hot water through grounds will get worse if you try to pack more grounds into each batch.
@_date: 2019-05-31 04:07:32


You need to have that amount *incoming* already on the LN.
Channels have a maximum total capacity that is the amount of money that both sides, in total, own on that channel.  That total capacity is split into two parts, one for each side.  You can only be paid, on that specific channel, the amount that is on the other side of the channel.  That is what we mean by "incoming capacity".


A potential employer has an incentive to provide a LN channel with total capacity of one-and-a-half or two paychecks or thereabouts: if not, the employee cannot work for them, being unable to receive money.  Initially the entire channel capacity is assigned to the employer.  At payday, it reassigns the amount of the paycheck to the employee.  Then the employee can dispense with their income (possibly also moving it to another channel with incoming capacity to them, to ensure that the employer cannot monitor the times of their individual payments).
If the employee is living paycheck-to-paycheck, then this is an equilibrium: at each payday the employee receives their paycheck, then spends their salary, then on the next paycheck the entire balance of the employee has been spent (you said they are living paycheck-to-paycheck, right?) and that is exactly the incoming capacity that is needed to pay the employee the *next* paycheck.
Setting up an LN channel for your employee will be the same sort of thing that any company does when a new employee is hired: currently one of the things they'd do would be to open a bank account on the employee's behalf where their paycheck is deposited on every payday, this is just the same thing except no banks involved.
If the employee is saving, they can use a Lightning-to-onchain bridge to move their savings from Lightning to cold storage, freeing up incoming capacity for their paycheck.
This is not a problem, because currency circulates in any economy, and as more of the economy goes on Lightning, the less necessary it becomes to build or tear down channels.


The next step is channel factories.  Several people can coinjoin their channels and have only a single transaction output that backs their channel values.  If you batch in say groups of 10, then you can have every person make one transaction in just 3 years.  That's an ***onchain*** transaction, and setting up a Lightning channel is just an onchain operation: every on-Lightning payment is offchain and is not limited in that way.  So maybe a company hires a bunch of new hires, comes together with several other companies that also happen to have new hires, they all make a single transaction that backs channels from their nodes to their new employees, now those employees are on Lightning and are ready to get paid for their work.  And we can onboard most of the world in a few years (the bottlenecks in this case will now be acceptance of Bitcoin as well as connecting the *entire* world on the Internet, and not the transaction capacity of the blockchain).
@_date: 2017-06-02 09:02:23
So envious!
@_date: 2017-07-31 00:43:25
Dropbox might not exist after N years, and a USB flash drive might be randomly broken after N years.
In general, paper lasts longer than most of those, as long as its kept away from water, heat, and light.
@_date: 2018-12-20 05:52:46
Use a Tor onion address and forget all forms of network address translation.
Also makes Tor onions more "normal".
@_date: 2017-06-01 06:31:27
The answer by David A. Harding is correct to my knowledge.
Another potential implementation of SPV proofs is to implement zk-SNARK's, which is basically a program written in a special, non-Turing-complete language (specifically a total functional language) with modulo addition and multiplication operations.  It's possible that, given a zk-SNARK program, a (supposed) output, and part of the input, to generate a proof that the program was executed with the input (as well as some input the executor had but is not providing) and the program resulted in the given supposed output.  For an SPV proof the input would be a section of the sidechain from the "exit" transaction on the sidechain up to some number of extra, mined blocks on top of it, and the zk-SNARK's output would be a Boolean 0/1 failing or verifying the correctness of the sidechain section.  To prevent having to provide entire sidechain blocks as part of the mainchain transactions, we take advantage of zk-SNARK's ability to just provide part of the input as part of the proof that the program was executed on the whole input (the sidechain block containing the exit transaction and subsequent blocks on top of that exit transaction).
Proponents of drivechain point out that zk-SNARK's are cutting-edge research and not yet implemented, whereas trusting the miners is already what we do (personally, I would argue that we only trust the miners to order transactions, we don't want to trust them with more than that).
Edit: SegWit makes future Script updates possible as softforks; without SegWit, future Script updates need to be either limited softforks (i.e. no stack manipulation), heavy softforks as technically heavy as SegWit (so you might as well use SegWit anyway, as it fixes a lot of bugs), or hardforks (non-updated clients cannot see your block/transaction as valid).
@_date: 2017-06-04 23:05:57


Because the transaction creating UB is valid only if UM exists. The given transaction takes UM as input, so it cannot be valid if UM is nonexistent.  UM is the coinbase transaction on the 148 chain, and is nonexistent on the non-148-chain.
Non-148 chain will not accept the above replay-protection transaction since UM does not exist on the non-148 chain.  They will be dropped from the mempool of non-148 chain (actually, never enter the mempool) because of their invalidity on the non-148 chain.
The formulation can be done symmetrically on the non-148 chain side.
@_date: 2017-06-04 00:51:08
The only good way I know of for easy replay attack prevention would be to CoinJoin your pre-148 funds to post-148 miner's rewards.  The resulting UTXO's will be valid only in the 148 chain, not in the non-148 chain.
Since miner's rewards need 100 blocks of maturity, it can be some time before we can get replay protection on 148 chain.
That said, a 148 miner can charge a service for such CoinJoin transactions, which would be additional incentive to mine the 148 chain.
Lets say I own all my funds in an address A now, in a single UTXO, UA.
After 2017-08-01 + 100 blocks, I coinjoin my UA with a 148 miner's block rewards, paying into an address B I own, creating a single UTXO, UB. (this is done by creating a transaction spending the 148 miner's block rewards, as well as my UA, and outputting to UB and the miner's designated address, and having both me and the miner sign that transaction; the miner can charge an additional fee for this, by making UB's value &lt; UA's value and putting the difference into the miner's output).
On 148-chain, UB is valid, while UA is now spent and invalid.
On legacy-chain, UB is invalid because the miner's block rewards output is invalid, while UA is still unspent.
Transactions using UA are definitely in legacy only, while transactions using UB are definitely in 148 only.
The hard part is the first 100 blocks on the 148 chain.  Until then, if you want to split your funds, you can't do that in a CoinJoin.
@_date: 2018-12-04 07:38:30
TLDR: Free market.
@_date: 2018-12-11 04:13:50
No, Lightning security is just as secure as onchain security, since Lightning can be enforced onchain at any time.  That's the whole point.  The only sticking point is the need to keep your node online since it keeps some data that is offchain, and hence it has to know of updates (it cannot refer to the blockchain for any data, since there is no data onchain).
@_date: 2018-12-04 07:25:27
@_date: 2018-12-02 07:37:46
Not really. You can test watchtowers by emulating a breach and seeing them act on that response. That test also serves to pay them when there are no actual breaches, since they get paid if they find a breach including your testing probe. Coordination with watchtowers can be arranged such that they cannot know your channels unless an actual breach occurs. It's reasonably trustless.
The problem is that they haven't been fully implemented yet. Lightning Labs' lnd is working on a prototype.
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:36:50
Eclair already has you control your own funds on mobile.
@_date: 2018-12-12 09:43:38
Even coffeeless he already talks that fast.
@_date: 2019-05-02 03:57:36


Found the time traveller.
@_date: 2017-06-08 09:35:34
Hi OP, sorry for your loss.  Lesson is: use a wallet that has word seeds, and write the word seeds down in a paper - paper lasts millenia, hardware probably won't.
Our hodlings are split into multiple keypairs and my wife has a copy of the papers containing the private keys (that way, we both have to lose them for us to lose control of all our money).  Each paper is just to one of the private keys.
That said, do try to take all of your USB drives and go to a data recovery expert.  Most likely they are flash drives, and flash drives are write-levelled: that means, the flash drive tries not to overwrite previous files (because that shortens the lifetime of the physical media backing that storage), it just marks the previously-written blocks as not used and writes new files to new storage. blocks.  There's a chance the file is just on a storage block marked "not used".
@_date: 2017-06-12 10:08:01
If there were, arbitraging opportunities would dissipate much more quickly.
@_date: 2017-06-27 23:49:44
It's when technology hits physical limitations and the only thing left to exploit are the people you employed.  So you start hiring people who will accept low salaries, slowly start squeezing out the competent ones with high salaries, and reducing maintenance to keep your growth percentages up this year while making it even harder to retain them next year.
@_date: 2018-12-11 04:16:46
Yes.  Eventually there will be hardware appliances you can install at home and access over the Internet from anywhere on your mobile, and that appliance will be online 100% of the time as your bank, able to receive and send on LN (or onchain, or some higher-level system that we might eventually build in the future).
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:49:27
*roll eyes* yeah maybe the computer you're running on has an obscure hardware bug that causes the USB power supply to oscillate if you run a particular program and can cause the Trezor to malfunction in such a way to simulate the pressing of a button.  Totally plausible, like rowhammer.  If you think it's not safe, you're free not to use it.  Or free to just keep the thing disconnected from the USB cable: you can set up an Electrum wallet easily that lets you receive funds to your cold storage without having the Trezor connected.  You just copy the xpub and the proper derivation path.  Or just set up the hardware wallet on Electrum, connect it once so Electrum can download the xpub, and then keep the hardware wallet in a safe somewhere and keep the Electrum running, it'll still work to watch the chain.
You do realize that viruses can be transmitted over portable storage devices and you have to somehow transport the unsigned transaction to your offline device anyway right?
@_date: 2018-12-23 05:04:37
Trezor's hardware design is open source and you can buy the parts and assemble a Trezor yourself.
You can purchase multiple Trezors, open all except one to check if they were assembled according to the open-sourced design, and check each one, and from there determine if you can risk trusting the remaining one.
Of course that's more costly and requires technical expertise.  But you need similar technical expertise to trust the code of paper wallet generators.
That said, ***I*** have analyzed the bitcoinpaperwallet.com code a little.  It properly implements what I think is correct gathering of entropy to generate the seed, and does not make use of the JavaScript traps so feared by the admin.
@_date: 2017-06-06 23:57:47
What can the USB stick malware do?
Infect the Pi?  Seriously, Unix based systems are much harder to infect rhan Windows-derived ones.
Change the transaction before the Pi signs it?  You can still check the tx before signing on the Pi.
Change the transaction after the Pi signs it?  Then the signature is invalidated.
@_date: 2017-06-26 05:50:14
Sorry.  My understanding is that each output to be spent requires its own script and requires its own signature, even after Schnorr (if only because that's how the current Script works; in principle a single signature could cover the entire transaction and all inputs even with ECDSA anyway, but the Script system doesn't support sharing signatures between inputs --- please correct me if I am wrong in this).  Could you point me to more concrete proposals that would allow multiple inputs to share a single signature?
@_date: 2019-05-23 08:52:00


Why does the ledger *need* to be up-to-date?
Note that the security of Lightning rests solely in the following facts:
1.  Every channel is a 2-of-2.
2.  Every channel contains only the money of one or the other participant in that 2-of-2.  Nobdoy else's money is in that channel.
3.  Every change in the channel state is signed off by *both* participants.
4.  Unless you're deliberately being stupid and trying to lose your money, you're not going to sign off on a state that will bilk you of money without you getting something for it (e.g. forwarding fees, or actually making a payment across the network).
So the safety still exists --- it only matters what the final state is when you want to get off Lightning, but long-standing channels that remain as offchain channels for ***years*** or ***decades*** are perfectly fine, because (1) only the two participants have money in that channel and (2) the only way to invalidly get a new state is if one of the participants hits the other on the head and steals its private keys, which is always possible even if you keep your funds onchain anyway.
There is no downfall here, which is why there's no talk about this.
@_date: 2018-12-29 03:59:12
Majorities can be faked (well, proof-of-work majorities can't).  But it would be better to use node-imposed consensus rules than proof-of-work.
In eltoo, the mechanism is a consensus rule: every revision does not split its funds immediately, but waits.  During that wait, if a later, signed, revision of the transaction is published onchain, then the later revision will be (provisionally) accepted and again the chain will wait.
When the wait times out, then the last published transaction is used and the money in the channel is split according to the last state of the channel.
There is no need for miners or nodes to blacklist older revisions --- only the above rule, that a later revision can gainsay an earlier revision within some timeout.
This is incentive compatible since the publisher of a revision of a transaction pays for that revision.  If your counterparty can simply gainsay an older revision, if you publish that revision, you'll just lose the onchain fee to publish that revision, and the counterparty can just gainsay it with the latest revision.  So you wouldn't bother --- you just lose funds.
Another reason for keeping things offchain is privacy.  Sharing every revision of a channel state to everyone (so that everyone can have consensus on what transactions to blacklist) has two issues (1) everyone knows every action you're doing as you do it (2) lots of bandwidth to make sure everyone has the same view.  The eltoo mechanism means that you only really ever publish the last revision of the channel.  Intermediate states remain private between you and your counterparty.
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:39:38
Given he mentions 71 inputs, it's probably on his private wallet.
@_date: 2017-06-30 00:33:51
Yes.  Venezuela is an example.
Thing is, it's like, the only difference between, say, Abraham Lincoln and Saddam Hussein is that the benefit-to-cost ratio of Abraham Lincoln was much better than Saddam Hussein's.  Both still had costs.
So yes, it's possible.  A country which does that will find themselves tanking their economy at some point.  If you live in that country, you may still be better off hodling BTC rather than the country's fiat: it's possible for the attacking country's economy to tank faster than they can bring down BTC, and given the confidence in the fundamentals of BTC it is possible that BTC will recover faster than the attacking country's economy..
The world is MAD (mutually assured destruction).
Or diversify.  Hold other country's fiat also (don't put them into alt cryptocurrencies as they are likely to follow BTC).  Hold other assets.
@_date: 2018-12-07 09:21:08
Yes it would, assuming there is a reasonably stable set of those shops.
@_date: 2019-05-10 07:58:50
That's what I *used* to use until I got a Trezor.  I'm more concerned about my wife panicking about what to do with 12 word phrase in case something happens to me; at least the Trezor is reasonably "plug and play".
At the time I hadn't heard of Tails yet, and by the time I heard of Tails I was already planning on getting a Trezor, so not much point switching processes.
@_date: 2017-06-02 02:55:49
Fibr coverage isn't good enough yet, sigh.
@_date: 2019-05-10 08:14:36
Probably any distro would work.  Debian is fine for headless.  You generally want to go for a distro with a lot of users because that makes it more likely you'll find help on weird distro-specific craziness, so Debian, Red Hat, Ubuntu.
@_date: 2019-05-03 01:20:09
C-Lightning does not formally support pruned bitcoind, but I think Nicolas Dorier has setups to get pruned bitcoind working with lightningd.
@_date: 2018-12-07 09:18:58
It seems to me that a blockchain using this is not softforkable, or at least not easily softforkable, since that would require a more complex proof-of-correctness.
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:46:24
LOL.  The DARPA Net was already being made in the 70s and they were letting some universities connect to a public part of the Internet.  Back then it was the "Internetwork protocol" since each university and government installation and big telecommunications company had its own network, and the Inter-network was how they communicated across networks.  Cliff Stoll is famous for tracking down a Russian spy who hacked onto the USA Internetwork and got access to lots of universities with research, as well as lousy online security on government installations (which hadn't properly adapted to the need for online security and often just left administrator passwords as the default that the manufacturer set them, leading to trivially hacking by using the manufacturer's default admin password).
Cliff Stoll was a scientist who learned some programming, then when his department closed he got press-ganged into systems administration for another department 'cause he "knew some programming", while studying their homegrown systems admins network (accounting for times when users were online) he found some discrepancies (one part of the system said the user was online at some time, another part said it didn't and the user said he wasn't online at the time either) which it turned out were because of the hacker (some guy in easter europe apparently working for Russia).
Cliff Stoll isn't really a hacker in the hacker ethos, he was a scientist who wandered into some part of the Internetz 'cause the university he was in was part of the DARPA network.
The Internet has been around longer than you think.  Bitcoin today is like how the Internet was in the 80s.
@_date: 2017-06-05 01:19:30


A coinjoin would be trustless, as you can just refuse to sign if your counterparty is trying to bilk you.  It's also atomic, as it's a single transaction.  No need for escrow.  You do need some way to coordinate everyone wanting to use it.
The anyone-can-spend technique is vulnerable to poaching (someone just scans the chain and looks for replay-protection open anyone-can-spend outputs, then just spends it to replay-protect his or her own coins without "paying it forward" by adding new reaply-protection anyone-can-spend outputs on that transaction).  But it would scale pretty well, since as soon as you have a single definitively BIP148-only or legacy-chain-only coin you can just add more anyone-can-spend 0.0 outputs than inputs you consume.
Luke's technique does help in that you can do it without waiting for a miner becoming able to spend their coinbase on a specific chain.  The problem I think is that luke-jr seems to assume everyone knows the Bitcoin protocol forwards, backwards, and upside-down, and thus just says "no that won't happen" in an annoyed manner because ***it's so obvious*** --- to him, anyway.
@_date: 2017-06-28 00:29:27
The above are the heavy technical details
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:36:50
Yeah, Cuckoo's Egg was awesome haxor skillz written well.  Also has a funny afterstory about Paul Graham of ycombinator fame, who to this day holds that his good friend Robert Morris, Jr. has never made a mistake.  The afterstory is about a worm which Robert Morris, Jr. mistakenly releases with much too aggressive replication parameters, bringing down the then-nascent Internet.  One detail is Cliff Stoll actually knocking at the door of Robert Morris Jr.'s dorm room, only to be answered by Paul Graham (his roommate), who said that Robert was sleeping and was not at all involved in the worm wreaking havoc on systems all over the USA right now, so please stop pestering him (when all Cliff Stoll did was ask if Robert was there).
@_date: 2017-06-06 04:05:10
**Federated** sidechains require trusting a third-party.
The original sidechains paper adds a bunch of tooling to Bitcoin via hard fork to make sidechains "just another smart contract" requiring no trust.
Edit: original sidechains paper: 
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:09:32
TOR, also known as The Onion Router.  It's software that lets you access the Internet anonymously.  Another feature it has is to host sites that are hosted anonymously (hard to locate the server).  Such web sites have domains ending in .onion and their "name" is a cryptographic hash similar to a Bitcoin public key hash address.
@_date: 2019-05-30 05:02:44
Yes, the Trezor software *and hardware* is open source.
You can build your own Trezor from the published circuit boards, buy the components from stock vendors (the components are general-purpose, making them very unlikely to be targeted for supply-chain attacks, unlike Ledger which has specific-purpose signing hardware chips), upload the software you compiled yourself from source.
Of course, that requires technical expertise and a good bit of effort.  If you want only some mild technical expertise, buy two Trezors, flip a coin about which one you disassemble, disassemble one and compare it to the hardware designs published by SatoshiLabs, then use the other if and only if you judge the disassembled one is accurate to the published hardware design.
@_date: 2019-05-10 10:13:04
Mining farms would need to run fullnodes. Kinda the point actually: the "real" miners are the entities that decide what transactions get into blocks, leaving the decision to pools makes them the "real" miners and the hardware giving the hashrate are "just" grinders.
@_date: 2019-05-08 02:20:59
Yes, that's correct.  However, using the `OP_SUCCESSx` opcodes before they have been redefined in a softfork is unsafe, since anyone who realizes you have used the opcode can steal the money from you.  So: before those opcodes have been defined, "responsible use" means "do not use at all", i.e. "user beware".  Once a softfork is activated that redefines those opcodes, then the majority chain should interpret the opcode under the new behavior (in much the same way that P2SH and SegWit were anyone-can-spend outputs before their respective activations, but are reliably interpreted now).
@_date: 2019-05-28 06:04:30
They are compatible.  However, not all wallets using legacy addresses can understand native SegWit addresses (they won't send at all, they'll just error and say it's not a valid address).  At the network level underneath the wallets, any address can send to any address; spending from SegWit addresses is anywhere from 14% to 34% cheaper.
@_date: 2017-06-13 03:58:51


Unless Satoshi Nakamoto is an alien.
@_date: 2017-06-11 19:00:06
then buy bribe first
@_date: 2017-06-09 04:09:20
Ledger manufactures hardware wallets, which are tiny permanently-offline computers used to hold your private keys.
@_date: 2017-06-22 05:46:12
Yes, it would be possible.  Don't know if any exchanges plan to support LN though.
Channels are limited to 167mBTC total.  So if you bought an entire 1.0 BTC, the exchange opens 6 or more channels.
If the exchange's Lightning Node goes offline, and all your channels are only with that exchange, then you can't transact on Lightning until you close channels and open with other nodes --- and if the exchange is offline you can only close unilaterally, which has a delay before you get the funds on-chain.
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:16:29
[The rise of "worse is better"](
Or better:
[Anonymity loves company](




Fungibility and privacy is a spectrum, and sometimes, "good enough" *is* good enough, because if you try for better, people will make mistakes and get into worse trouble.
@_date: 2017-06-05 03:46:46


The math problem's inputs come from the transactions in the block, as well as the previous block's answer.
You might think of it as something like `f(txs + prevblock + x) &lt; difficulty`, what is `x`?  If you need more details, look for "trapdoor function", "hash function", "proof of work" and "hashcash".


Not a percentage fee, but a fee based on the number of bytes the transaction is, i.e. the transaction "size".  The fee rate is often quoted in satoshis/byte or satoshi/kilobyte.
This is the big thing that fools most people: it's not a percentage of the Bitcoin in transit, it's the transaction size.  The fact that most wallets don't show you transaction size or even *hint* at the transaction size means most people get puzzled why their fees seem apparently random.
You might consider that a transaction "destroys" some "coins" and then "creates" some new "coins".  Coins may have any denomination - 1 bitcoin, 1.5 bitcoin, 2.78496544 bitcoin, whatever.  If your wallet has 1 bitcoin, it might not contain it as a single "coin", but as 0.2365 bitcoin, .0115614 bitcoin, 0.24684 bitcoin, 0.35997 bitcoin, and 0.1451286 bitcoin.  If you spend that 1 bitcoin to somebody else, you need to pay for spending 5 different coins!  On the other hand, somebody with a single 25 bitcoin coin can pay a very small fee simply due to having to spend a single coin.


Yes.  There's speculation that some very strange transactions that send small coins over and over to the same address from which the coins came from is an attempt to "jack up" transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-06-27 03:23:18
High, I last bought the equivalent of a major windfall at $1200.  Still sitting on it \^\^.
Before that I bought at $250 but took it out at $1000.
@_date: 2019-05-24 05:37:45
Yeah, one whole day being unable to use your i3 computer for anything other than validating the blockchain is not unreasonable if your i3 is just some server you're not using for personal stuff.
@_date: 2018-12-04 07:51:13
We don't.  There are theories.
1.  The accuracy of IEEE double-precision numbers are approximately up to 21 million.
2.  The first place Satoshi posted is cypherpunks, which tends towards libertarian viewpoints, including non-inflationary currencies.  So there's some fixed limit.  The halvening is based on the precomputed limit of 21 million.
3.  The 1Mb block size was added later, presumably because somebody showed to Satoshi (or Satoshi later realized) that the baroque way in which sighashes were computed would lead to high CPU usage if there wasn't a block size limit.
4.  The Bitcoin SCRIPT is based on pre-existing ideas by Nick Szabo on smart contracts.  This seems to be the least well-designed part of Bitcoin, since a lot of opcodes were disabled quite quickly --- repeated `OP_CAT` and `OP_MULT` could lead to memory exhaustion from verifying a relatively short script, triggering disables of a lot of opcodes; the "1 RETURN" bug means that the misnamed `OP_RETURN` now operates as "always-fail" instead of the original "stop processing and return success/fail based on stack top", etc.
@_date: 2019-05-26 08:25:26
Intermediate nodes can stall up to a maximum delay measured in blocks. This maximum delay is supposedly set by the user but in practice current commodity wallet GUIs  ***do not expose it***, because I don't know but they really should.
For reference C-Lightning defaults this maxdelay to 576 blocks. That's 4 days.
The reason why the default is so long is because lnd, which backs a majority of the network, demands 144 blocks for forwarding (at least until 2 or 3 releases ago), and the maxdelay limits the *total* delay of all intermediate nodes. So 576 blocks is just 4 lnd hop nodes, barely enough to reach most of the network.
Heck last I checked, lnd doesn't even impose a maxdelay like C-Lightning does.
You'll have to dig through your LN implementation what delay it spent on the payment.
For what it's worth, if the payee never got the payment, the money will be ***reliably*** returned to you after the delay of the payment. This is unlike onchain where a trsnsaction not getting confirmed leaves it in limbo indefinitely, possibly with a miner suddenly including it much much later.
Note that payees can still claim the payment after the invoice expires. It's the delay allowed by your payr node that limits this. If the money is claimed then you get a proof of payment (the preimage of the hash).
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:51:55
Yes, that would be possible too.
@_date: 2017-06-14 06:56:52
Bitmain intends to lock in 72 hours of blocks in the UAHF chain. Pay attention. If UAHF succeeds, they got a bunch of blocks that nobody else got.
@_date: 2019-05-12 15:09:11
As I understand it, yes, it's possible.
It's not recommended.  There may be timing attacks that will let third parties correlate your actual IP with your hidden service, and if you use the hidden service for other things, those other things may get linked to your actual IP.  And it reduces the anonymity set of all the other hidden service users, though there should be a large enough number of *those* so you screwing up will probably not affect them too much.


Fullnodes behind hidden services can contact clearnet over Tor.  Fullnodes behind public IP can contact hidden services, over Tor, too., if you have Tor installed and everything configured properly.
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:23:18
You're missing an A: it's TANSTAAFL.  There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch.
@_date: 2019-05-03 01:02:56




@_date: 2018-12-21 03:19:49


And? Supporting multiple creators is just scaling up of supporting one.


Not their keys, not their coins.
You are now in a position where special groups can target ***you*** in order to prevent certain creators from being supported.
This is not a good-enough replacement for Patreon.
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:47:53
Yeah he accidentally caught a Russian spy hacking on their university's computer while he was a sysad.  The DARPA net was open to universities at the time, and some of the government installations on the DARPA net were trivially hackable (they never changed the admin passwords from the manufacturer defaults) which is how the hacker he was tracking got around the Internetz.
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:50:22
Bitcoin uses SHA-2 variant SHA-256, which is considered more secure than SHA-1. 
@_date: 2017-06-06 23:12:16
While most announced sidechains have some kind of complicated stuff like Rootstock's Ethereum-alike virtual machine, there is, in principle, nothing preventing a sidechain optimizing for simple transactions.
Most simple transactions are one or two inputs, to one or two outputs.  The number of inputs and outputs can be encoded in a single byte (say 4 bits each); Bitcoin takes at least one byte for number of inputs, at least another byte for number of outputs.  Signatures and public keys in Bitcoin are DER encoded (66 or 67 bytes), but in principle they can be just be encoded directly as a big-endian number (64 bytes).  We can remove script so that all payments are P2PKH, so outputs just require a 20-byte public key hash and remove the 6 or so bytes for opcodes.  Use RIPEMD160 instead of SHA256 for transaction ID's to reduce input side further.  Limit outputs to 42 BTC so that output values can be encoded in 4 bytes instead of 8.  And so on.  This will never became mainchain feature because it strips away many features Bitcoin has, but they're a reasonable format for sidechain transaction to have.
In addition, consider the case of a merge-mined sidechain.  The merged-mined sidechain has one sidechain block for each mainchain block.  As it happens, one of the other "scaling solutions" being bandied about is "extension blocks", which adds one extension block for each mainchain block.  Sound familiar?  That proper sidechains can be mined independently with a different block rate means sidechains can indeed scale Bitcoin somewhat by "sharding" the entire network.
@_date: 2019-05-07 05:43:17
Yes, that's why it's "a little".
@_date: 2018-12-04 07:04:41
That's why we need Espresso, which speeds up coffee brewing without a container-size increase. 
@_date: 2018-12-23 04:55:55
We ***hope***
@_date: 2017-06-06 10:29:32
Payments costing a fraction of a satoshi.
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:23:25
Escrow is possible.  BISQ uses escrow, for instance, to facilitate trades of Bitcoin and fiat,  There aren't a lot of services that provide escrow, though.
@_date: 2019-05-08 07:40:43
The really really big advantage of LN is that it keeps your keys your coins, while allowing offchain transactions that are as little onchain overhead as intra-exchange/intra-custodial-wallet cross-user payments.  So using a custodial service to interface with LN is arguably pointless: the point is to make it as light on onchain space as using a custodial service to send to another user of the same custodial service, without actually putting it into a custodial service.
Of course, LN really requires that you should run your own fullnode somewhere and interface with it; sure, "light" solutions exist like lnd's Neutrino and Eclair's various tricks, but they require more backend fiddling which means less dev-time going into frontend, thus their sucky UIs.  And Neutrino is only "slightly lighter than `blocksonly`".  And they're SPV, so really, only slightly better than custodial wallets (your keys your coins, but in case of a hostile fork attempt, you are dependeont on the SPV server controlling what forks you are running in --- though LN as a whole has too little thought focused on what would happen in a hostile fork attempt anyway).
@_date: 2017-06-13 23:09:23
Yeah, better have it tattooed in your inner thigh then.
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:53:06
Most likely not.  It's very likely the onion site he used deliberately disappeared and took everyone's money.
@_date: 2017-06-28 13:43:42
All right, do you want the nitty gritty details?
Bitcoin funds are organized in transaction outputs or TXO's.  The money you have is organized into unspent transaction outputs or UTXO's.  If you received 0.5BTC and 0.3BTC, you do NOT have 0.8BTC, you have a 0.5BTC UTXO and a 0.3BTC UTXO.
If you received money exactly once, then all of that money is in a single UTXO.
To spend money, you gather a number of UTXO's that equal to more than what you need to spend, then create a transaction that spends the total, creating new UTXO's.  So if you need to transfer 0.7BTC to someone else, and you only have 0.5BTC UTXO and 0.3BTC UTXO, you gather the 0.5BTC UTXO and the 0.3BTC UTXO --- that's two inputs.  The person you're paying wants 0.7BTC, so that's a new UTXO for that person --- an output.  The remainder or "change" of about 0.1BTC goes to a new UTXO back to your own wallet, minus the fee for the transaction with input(0.5BTC + 0.3BTC) and output (0.7BTC + 0.09xxxxBTC).
Thus, the more transfers into your wallet, the more expensive spends from your wallet are.
Fee rates are dynamically changing over time.  It's usually cheaper on weekends.
The fee rate is multiplied by your transaction size.  Transaction size is due to more complexity in your wallet's funds --- if you have 10 UTXO's each of 0.1BTC each, spending from them is more expensive than if you had a single 1.0BTC UTXO.
Thus, there are two factors that go into the transaction cost: the complexity of your UTXO's (i.e. more transfers into your wallet means more UTXO's means more complex spending) and the fee rate market, which you can't control (but which tends to be cheaper on weekends).  Multiply both factors and that is the transaction fee.
I don't get why you would think that is "literally the opposite" of what I said before.
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:52:28
*facepalm* and I told you, this is the fucking ***FOURTH TIME***, that Lightning Network already FUCKING ***INCLUDES*** ***COINJOIN AND COINSWAP***, THE TWO FUCKING PRIVACY IMPROVEMENTS YOU CAN DEPLOY TODAY.
Lightning Network, because it works offchain,  ***just like COINSWAP DOES*** you fucking idiot who doesn't even look up shit like what privacy improvements are possible today, ***improves onchain privacy***.
SO YOUR FUCKING IDIOCY HAS ALREADY BEEN FUCKING ANSWERED YOU DIMWIT.
All your fucking idiocy about "will a fucking idiot billionaire listen to my stupidity" is based on the thought that LN does not increase privacy *just by normal operation*.
BUT LN ALREADY INTEGRATES COINJOIN AND COINSWAP AS PART OF ITS NORMAL OPERATION.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:39:22


What you can afford to lose.
The important part is setting a rule ("buy 10 GBP of BTC every day/week/month/year") and sticking to it, completely ignoring the price.  This is called fiat cost averaging: you stick to a fixed schedule of spending a fixed amount of fiat in a particular time frame.  It could be 5 GBP per payday, or 500 GBP per month.  Just choose a fixed fiat amount and a fixed timeframe, tailored for *how much you can afford to lose*.
Depending on what schedule you choose, if the fixed fiat amount is small, you might want to "batch" a few purchases on whatever exchange you are using, then move them to cold storage (e.g. a Trezor or Ledger) every few purchases.  This is because every transfer is going to cost you some amount of money, so having fewer transfers is best.
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:45:05
It has a standard 24 word seed phrase you can use on many other software and hardware wallets.
@_date: 2019-05-23 07:48:41
C-Lightning, because we have plugin support and fewer external dependencies.  Disclaimer: I am a complete and total C-Lightning fanboi.
@_date: 2019-05-31 04:57:32
Do you mean "validated"? Currently every transaction on the blockchain is validated once when a new fullnode is started up.
@_date: 2017-06-02 03:24:51
Equivocation much?
Crashes =&gt; Economist: LOL I said bubble.
Stabilizes =&gt; Economist: LOL I said healthy.
@_date: 2019-05-28 09:48:19
1 Return is not a bug.  Craig Steven Wright said so.
@_date: 2019-05-24 07:22:13


It still asks Trezor's servers for any payments to your Bitcoin addresses, very likely with *your* IP address attached to the request, and you basically have to trust their word at this point that they won't record the Bitcoin addresses and the IP address together  (and that they don't record "oh look, a single request contained these 5 addresses, I'm pretty sure they're from the same wallet because that's how our software gives requests"):P.
Wasabi, then an Electrum'ed Trezor over Tor (or to an EPS you control)
@_date: 2019-05-02 23:23:21
I'm honestly in it for the tech.  LN is cool, the various privacy enhancements on top of Bitcoin are cool, etc. etc.  Getting richer is just a bonus.
@_date: 2018-12-10 01:24:56
ACINQ is making Eclair, and Blockstream is making c-lightning, and nayuta is making Ptarmigan. LightningLabs is making lnd. DCI also has some participation in discussions due to Tadge Dryja. I believe Chaincode has a Lightning related residency program, there may be others too.
There are a few independent freelancers, such as and who are also working on Lightning. If you want to actually speed up "finishing" of Lightning, by whatever definition of "finished" you personally have, getting in touch with them and supporting them for LN development would help, as would contributing yourself if you have appropriate skills. Otherwise you're only griping for no good reason.
Right now we have a working mainnet LN. Loss of funds is usually operator error with fooling around with backups, and mitigations are in place already to prevent that:  is an example where the user was deliberately trying to lose funds (to another node they also controlled) but the software detected the potential loss and avoided it.
@_date: 2017-06-02 02:55:03
LOL, that's ***my*** third world country
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:06:18
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:16:41
Regardless, LN would still have required *some* change to the base layer protocol (`SIGHASH_NOINPUT` would have been the other possible change to make LN work), and SegWit was the best since it combined:
1.  A way to make LN work.
2.  A fix to malleability for non-LN usecases such as CoinSwap.
3.  A blocksize increase like the bigblockers wanted (which we should now rollback to a more sensible blocksize decrease because the bigblockers went away anyway).
4.  An easier way to backward-compatibly upgrade Script and/or tx signature with complete changes in Script/txsig semantics if necessary.
@_date: 2017-06-14 00:28:54
In practice, you run the risk of forgetting the words, don't be overconfident of your brain especially as you age.  I would suggest writing them on paper, fold it, put the paper in a sealable ziploc bag, put it in a glass jar, then put it in a fire resistant safe.
Also memorize it.  It may be useful to also inform someone (lawyer, will) how to get the paper in case you go into a coma or due in a horrible mining accident.
@_date: 2017-05-02 03:50:28
Great, so next time when I want to steal someone's Bitcoin, I not only need to steal their phone, I also need to steal their fingers and eyes.
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:07:39
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
@_date: 2017-06-21 02:45:50
@_date: 2017-06-08 06:03:15
&lt;rbtc&gt;AXABlockstreamBilderBORGNorthCorea wants $100/tx fees!  Wake up SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPLE run BU where miners can poach each other's blocks but won't because they're totally good people!&lt;/rbtc&gt;
 **/S**
@_date: 2019-05-31 05:13:58
Between 13% to 30% cheaper fees.  But you have to spend fees (with the legacy coins) to transfer.
@_date: 2017-06-12 09:33:42
Drivechain opcodes need a fork that's currently dependent on SegWit. 
Edit: rant: Oh gosh gee darn fuck, so many nice new things dependent on fucking SegWit, just waiting for SegWit to get deployed.  It really makes you freaking wonder what the hell people blocking SegWit are doing.  I mean seriously seriously seriously.  Too much infrastructure has been built assuming SegWit would activate like 6 months ago (Lightning Network, Drivechains, fucking Schnorr).  SegWit is the gateway to scaling.  Gosh gee darn frack.
@_date: 2018-12-02 07:32:45
Sidechains are just another overzealous use of blockchains for the sake  of blockchains. The real scaling system will be Lightning.
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:11:26


Except they'd be passing up potential routing fees if they don't interoperate with LN.
Further it's not so inconvenient to just run an LN node.  Writing boutique channel software would be much harder than just grabbing an LN implementation.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:33:23


Positive content is harder to create and build than toxic content.  It takes time to formulate a good argument, check the Internet for similar arguments, consider counterarguments, formulate a good grammatical reply appropriate for the setting, and finally publish the completed result, compared to me just saying "because it's obviously dumb, you idiot".
Hence, since positive content is harder to create, you are more willing to actually pay to get the message out to the world, than random dumb shit.
@_date: 2017-06-07 00:03:59
For the dip is dark and full of terrors.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:29:39
Current miners still need to explicitly ignore the longest chain that contains the "hack" transaction, because the alternate tx, no matter how large the fee, will be rejected by miner fullnodes since it would have spent UTXOs that are already spent.  That's ***still*** a software change (yes, 51% attacks require a software change, or boutique software to execute the attack).  Regardless, still impossible either way.
@_date: 2017-06-10 11:46:29
I think for a quick personal project, you can try a Raspberry Pi and install Electrum on it.  Then create a new wallet on Electrum on the Pi, get the master public key, and create a watch-only wallet on your regular computer.
When you want to send an amount, create the transaction on the regular computer Electrum watch-only wallet, transfer the transaction to the Pi, sign it on the Pi, then transfer it back to the regular computer and broadcast from there.
Basically, those operations, automated, are what a hardware wallet does.
@_date: 2019-05-28 08:32:36
Actually sir I lost -1.0 BTC in a tragic boat accident, may I return to an antimatter universe to compensate this negativity?
@_date: 2017-06-19 02:13:04
Merge mining requires explicit support in the chain being mined for merge mining, which is not going to happen.
@_date: 2017-06-09 04:05:16


It's called a hardware wallet \^\^.  You could buy a hardware wallet (but apparently they're all out of stock).  Or if you have a spare box (or buy a cheap RPi, they're more likely to be in stock) lying around, build one yourself.


I'd still be wary of it.  I personally have watch-only Electrum wallets watching my hodlings on my online laptop, but I keep my keys on paper, and since I rarely spend (and usually just to transfer to another wallet I control, I'm too paranoid to keep more than some amount per wallet), it's not too inconvenient for me to make the transaction, disconnect, enter the key, sign, and then delete the keys and reconnect.  I can probably be even more paranoid and use a separate always-offline computer, but I do limit the amounts per wallet, to help make it harder to lose all of my precious hodlings.


Yes, software can be jacked with.  But if you keep to the distro's official repositories and open-source software you download as source and compile on Linux, you've got much better security than a typical Windows machine.
Another thing to do is to take advantage of Linux's built-in multi-user capability and have a separate account just for (small/hot) bitcoin hodlings.  That way even if you slip up and manage to get a malware running under your main account, it still won't be able to access your bitcoin hodlings account.  For extra paranoia, every now and then you should create a new bitcoin user account on your Linux box, re-enter your hot wallet private keys there, then delete the old bitcoin user account, to limit your exposure to any malware that manages to access your bitcoin user account.
@_date: 2018-12-13 06:12:46


This can be easily scaled by running multiple physical miners in parallel on specialized ASIC hardware.
@_date: 2019-05-31 06:36:02
So, you want people to leave a network with high redundancy and lots of nodes (i.e. the main Bitcoin network), for a network with low number of nodes (sidechain) and probably be easier to attack with various network-level attacks?
Sidechains cannot scale, sorry.  At least with offchain techniques like Lightning, you only need to validate your own channels, and you have absolute veto rights over changes to your own channels.
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:03:41


For big enough bets, no financial punishment will be enough, so claiming the Greens won and claiming the Blues won at the same time can still be financially sensible, even with punishment.
@_date: 2017-06-06 23:30:13
The Trezor hardware has its own display and buttons.  Before the Trezor hardware signs a transaction, it first shows the address on its own display and requires you to confirm using the buttons on the Trezor itself.  The Trezor has no known backdoors and hacking the website will still require the Trezor hardware to sign the transaction, so it will still show the actual address of the transaction it's signing and confirm it from you, using its own display and buttons.
@_date: 2017-06-13 23:05:36
Currently uses Federated Peg, which basically means a bunch of "entities" who are "all over the world" are supposed to sign off on the transaction that releases it back to mainnet.
They intend to eventually migrate to Drivechains.  To my knowledge, current Drivechain plans are dependent on SegWit activation: 
@_date: 2017-06-27 04:00:32
It turns the blockchain into a voting mechanism, with large miners capable of forcibly pushing smaller miners out of the blockchain; transactions with low confirmations become very unsafe since chainsplits will happen whenever miners disagree on the optimum block size.  In addition, a lot of the block size cost is paid by non-mining nodes: as block size increases, the cost of setting up a new node increases (you have to download a much larger blockchain).  But almost all of the benefit of larger blocks goes to miners (increased earnings from fees).  Thus, having miners decide block size potentially makes it much harder to run new full nodes and increases the cost of running your own full node.
@_date: 2019-05-28 05:58:39
It's already used for remittance businesses.  E.g. 


Maybe.  Bitcoin currently is best used for savings, due to its non-inflationary nature.
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:41:31
Isn't that implied that if they have to peddle some other product in order to pay their LN developers, they are taking no profit from LN?
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:38:36
Depends on your tastes though.
@_date: 2019-05-27 02:34:38
Missing a /s then.
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:35:39
Technically speaking, Lightning Network nodes do not transmit money.
Instead, they buy solutions to a cryptographic puzzle (the preimage of a particular hash), and resell them to you.
Now in theory this is a taxable event, since the intermediate node is a reseller of digital goods.
However, in nearly every jurisdiction, it is only taxable if the earnings (the difference in the buy price versus the sell price) are greater than some threshold.
The difference between the buy price and the sell price is basically the fee across the hop.
Since the fee of each hop is so tiny (often less than a 0.01 USD per hop), it is highly highly highly unlikely that the earnings from any single such event will reach this taxability threshold and thus this reselling is untaxed.
Since it is untaxed, there is no need to report them.
Even if some government revenue service comes knocking, they'll get what, 20% of a few dozen USD?  The donuts the agents eat on the way to your house will probably cost more than that.
And since the hop node operates as a reseller of digital goods, it is *not* operating as a money transmitter, in any more capacity than somebody who buys clothes from a bulk retailer and resells them on a Facebook store is a money transmitter.
@_date: 2019-05-22 03:12:36
**N**ick **S**zabo is completely totally definitely NOT **S**atoshi **N**akamoto, WTF?  The order of letters in their names are like completely different!
@_date: 2019-05-21 09:22:59
You have to ask yourself "why airgapped" first.
Remember that air is not nothing: EM waves can still pass through air, possibly interfering with circuitry.
The reason why airgapping is good is because EM waves need to be very very strong to interfere with remote circuitry.  The chances are reasonably good that EM waves strong enough to interfere with your offline signer are strong enough that other parts of your house will start behaving strangely before your offline signer is affected.
But USB is still somewhat good: USB power supply problems can be mitigated with filter capacitors and other mainstays of proper hardware design (Trezor provides circuit diagrams), and having your own little buttons means you can ask the user directly yourself for confirmation before signing anything.
It's a good balance between being offline and being useable.  Keep the hardware wallet disconnected almost 99% of the time and there's your airgap.  Connect it only when spending, then disconnect ASAP, and there's your quick transfer-the-unsigned-transactions-around step.  See?  Stop fretting about it.
@_date: 2018-12-07 09:45:23
You're preaching to the choir.  I know this.  Heck lnd's autopilot tends to centralize, and Eclair's autopilot always points at an ACINQ server for the first channel unless you specifically disable that (yet another centralization), only c-lightning (from Blockstream) has plans for an autopilot that promotes decentralization even on the Lightning layer.  Even on Lightning Blockstream strives to keep decentralization and other properties of Bitcoin.  I'm just being critical of Liquid, because it's too little too late.
@_date: 2018-12-05 06:49:28
Why? Do you honestly think that any innovation ***that is actually worth it*** cannot be copied by Bitcoin?  Ethereum is not innovative (its "innovation" of "Turing-complete smart contracts" is a disaster, and further innovations are being delivered later and later and...).  No coin has managed to innovate, and most of the smartest blockchain engineers (gmax, poelstra, ***PIETER WUILLE***, luke-jr, TheBlueMatt, Mark Friedenbach, kanzure, petertodd, Russell O'Connor, Tadge Dryja...) work only or primarily on Bitcoin.  Even the "Turing-completeness" mirage --- the blockchain layer only needs to *verify* correct behavior, not implement full computation; see Russell O'Connor's Simplicity and in particular his short presentation on Post's theorem. 
The simple fact that most of the smartest blockchain engineers cluster around Bitcoin rather than alts is a good indicator that Bitcoin will last for a good while.
@_date: 2018-12-26 04:50:46
Private property defended by tge ultimate defense --- cryptography --- is the solution. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 09:53:30
There was a redittor yesterday who was in a whole lot of trouble with the fiance because he accidentally mixed up their newborn daughter's wallet.dat USB stick with work USB sticks and apparently got the wallet data reformatted and overwritten.
Paper lasts for a reason...
@_date: 2018-12-28 04:38:43
Next time use Samourai or Wasabi, which implement Chaumiam CoinJoin, meaning the server can't steal your funds.
@_date: 2017-06-11 19:18:54
The most straightforward is to hire a lawyer and write a will passing your heir a cryptosteel and/or trezor with the keys.
If you want to do something clever using Bitcoin Script, just do:
    OP_IF
      &lt;timelock&gt; OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY
      OP_DUP OP_HASH160 &lt;inheritorpubkeyhash&gt; OP_EQUALVERIFY OP_CHECKSIG
    OP_ELSE
      OP_DUP OP_HASH160 &lt;yourpubkeyhash&gt; OP_EQUALVERIFY OP_CHECKSIG
    OP_ENDIF
Before the unlock event in the CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY argument, you need to claim the fund and re-spend it to a new script later than the previous timelock.
There are many technical details to this, so my recommendation is to lawyer up.
@_date: 2017-06-07 07:38:48


Oh yeah?  You could lose all your coins if you keep them on an exchange and the exchange is hacked.  You could lose all your coins if you keep them on your computer and your computer is hacked.  You can buy a hardware wallet for safety, but there's a (hopefully temporary) shortage of hardware wallet units and manufacturers are sold out.
You can use a paper wallet for safety, but you need to know how to make paper wallets safely without your friggin' printer getting hacked.  And you need to know about the difference between sweeping and importing a paper wallet, and make sure to sweep first (i.e. spend the whole amount to a hot address) before spending.
The barrier to entry to Bitcoin involves taking security far more seriously than most people do.  Do you have passwords written down somewhere?  Someone can sneak a peek and try your passwords on your computer (which might have saved the passwords to your website accounts, including any online exchanges you have accounts withs).
That's the real barrier to entry: people are not paranoid enough, or paranoid about the wrong things, and are unable to secure their computer correctly.
@_date: 2019-05-02 03:34:49
Storing it isn't the problem.  Propagating it *is* the problem.
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:55:50
I don't know if Electrum can reset the Trezor.  I *do* know the Electrum currently does not support Ledger.
@_date: 2017-06-29 05:00:21
A government printing too much money will quickly find their economy tanking, making their defeat of Bitcoin very much a Pyrrhic victory.
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:59:50


That's correct.  Indeed, one can argue that hardware wallets of *any* kind are more likely to have their supply chain attacked with fake ICs that secretly allow somebody to hack your privkeys, than (say) a general-purpose machine (like your old Dell) having its supply chain attacked to hack privkeys --- a supply chain hack on a general-purpose machine might end up being wasted if the general-purpose machine is never made into an offline wallet, but a supply chain hack on a hardware wallet has a high probability of having value.
@_date: 2019-05-21 09:33:22
Address lookup is more than enough to break your privacy --- once some chain analysis knows some addresses you control, all they have to do is watch those and check where it spends and make some good guesses which output is the change is which is the payment.  No xpub needed.  E.g. if it has two outputs and output is smaller than each of the inputs, that smaller output is the change.
Only Wasabi does SPV lookup in a privacy-safe way, and it does a *lot* of stuff to get to that state.  Client-side filtering, download one block per peer (then disconnect), always Tor.
You could transfer to Wasabi, do some mixes, use Tor Browser to reset your hardware on wallet.trezor.io, then use Electrum to receive your mixed Wasabi coins with your Trezor.
Wasabi can also use Ledgers as a signer incidentally; haven't tried since I don't use Ledger.  Kinda bummed there isn't Wasabi support for Trezor though.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:21:16
No.  If the money was sent from an exchange, there is no correlation between the address being spent from vs. who authorized the transfer, except if *you* have access to the exchange's databases.  ***There is no return address in Bitcoin***.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:41:16
Let me then argue that Bitcoin will survive *and* become the basis for future smart contract platforms, for a simple reason: that's how technology works.
1.  Multics was an operating system that was multi-user, and did everything it could to make it easy for users to interact with the operating system.  Unix kept the multi-user bit but removed many of the protections around the OS (`EINTR`, anyone?), creating a lot of hair-pulling problems for programmers building on top of the OS while keeping the OS itself simple.  Today, almost every major OS is Unix-derived (BSDs, modern MacOs) or Unix-flavored (Linux).  Today, libraries on top of Unix-derived/flavored OSs exist which wrap around the OS and protect programmers from the various weird OS details.
2.  GNU was (and is) a project to create a fully free-speech operating system.  Its kernel was Hurd, a microkernel where almost every traditionally-"system" service was actually a userspace daemon that was given special access by the kernel to provide system services.  Linux was made as a "standard" macrokernel design (everything in the kernel) running on Intel 80386s.  Today, almost every major GNU-derived system uses Linux as the kernel, with maybe a few distros having an option to ship Hurd instead if you wanted to make your life difficult.  Today, things like FUSE (filesystems in userspace) allow userspace daemons to provide traditionally-"system" services like filesystems.
3.  Adobe Flash was traditionally used to provide "rich content" experience on the web, including video and so on.  Today, however, open-source technologies dominate and Flash is almost an embarrassment.  Today, things like video and 3D have well-defined specifications that every major browser now hosts natively as part of the Web technology.
So you know.... some innovation appears and a new "advanced" system is designed to do it, but a "basic" thing that does as little as possible, but still works and is useful, eventually evolves to take on the properties it "should" have had at the start, displacing the "advanced" thing and eventually superseding it.
You know.... [worse is better](
That is why I am a Bitcoin maximalist.
@_date: 2017-06-09 22:40:11
Electrum can connect to a Trezor.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:50:32
If you want a technical discussion: zkSTARKs are too large.  A proof is in the kilobyte range, meaning a single zkSTARK-proof-carrying transaction will be up to 0.5% of the current blocksize.  Work *still* needs to be done to get proof sizes smaller, and that will take a while, probably a long while (e.g. years).  And that's only for the basic cryptographic proofs that it's still safe even when made smaller and etc etc.  The implementation still needs to be actually done, and that will take another year or two.
Personally I think Bitcoin will start considering such novel crypto when they're viable on a smallblock chain.  Until then, Bitcoin's commitment to lower the bar to initial block download is going to override any theoretical advantage that a zk-proof system gives (it might not be zkSTARKs that give us the combination of "small" and "trustless": zkSNARK is small but has a trusted setup, zkSTARKs are trustless setup but are not small, maybe some other method is necessary).
Consider that LN already is already a proof-by-existence that we can do certain things offchain without requiring complex zk-proofs: we only need a zk-proof that old states are now invalid, and that's as easy as giving a simple private key for each old state you want to show is now invalid to the other party, who can now generate the zk-proof of invalidity by providing a signature that revokes the old state.  Perhaps it would be better to focus along the lines of offchain systems than in complex zk-proofs.
@_date: 2019-05-12 10:14:25
The purpose of the contract is not to enforce the forward transmission of value: it is to enforce that timely delivery of the product (the preimage) before the intermediate hop's own required delivery of the product.  That's the reason the hop node enforces a shorter timeout than what its own contract stipulates, not to enforce forward transmission of value.
If it were to enforce transmission of value, then the hop node contract would stipulate that failure to transmit would cause refund of a pre-paid fee.  But the hop node contract is simply "deliver this product before block height N, then I'll pay".  So the contract is about the product, and any use of the contract to transfer value is not something the hop node is able to know.
@_date: 2019-05-21 23:04:51
In Lightning, both ends of a channel audit each other --- you always refuse to sign a state transition that isn't valid, and if the other side dumps old state onchain you are watching closely.  So I'd argue the auditing is continuous in Lightning.
Fraud is also detected immediately, since *you* are watching the mempool, not *just* the blockchain, for old state --- if you detect an old state on the mempool you can CPFP it, you're incentivized to do that because you'll earn the entire channel value as damages.
Entries are immutable also on Lightning, because old state is guarded by signatures of both participants, and the signature attests to a particular old state.  You can't suddenly insert old states, they wouldn't have proper signatures from both parties.  That means that entries are finalized immediately once both participants sign off and revoke previous old state (i.e. "irrevocably committed").
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:14:16


As a first measure, yes.  Do it now, in fact, because you can.  This gives you a bit of breathing space to figure out how to secure it better later.
If your other computer isn't already running a Core wallet, use Electrum, no need to sync.
Then consider installing a secure OS like one of the Linux distros and running your usual wallet there.
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:27:21
Honestly?  I'd switch.
I doubt you could point me to something that is better decentralized than Bitcoin, however.
@_date: 2019-05-30 07:01:47


So let me get this straight.  You know that blockchains are inefficient bandwidth hogs that need validation of every transaction made on them.  And your plan is to ***make more blockchains***?  Good luck.
@_date: 2019-05-24 07:45:20
Yes, you sure can, which delays your initial block download.
Note that when I said "day" I meant &gt; 24 hours of it continuously running, too.  Lots of people prefer to turn off their computers at night, so that extends the IBD too.
It's inconvenient, largely applies only if your ISP doesn't throttle (so if you have a 20Gb limit per month, that's two years for IBD, not ~20 to 30 hours, which is true for large portions of the world, including mine).
@_date: 2017-06-26 02:34:42
It used to be patented.  ~~It also only improves multisig and coinjoin spends, with (currently) no improvement on the typical singlesig.~~
There's work being done on aggregating signatures of multiple transactions (so that multiple singlesig transactions get a single multisig sugnature), but there's concern that it will be much less secure if done non-interactively (typical Schnorr multisig is interactive, i.e. there has to be communication between all the signers before a single signature is generated for all of them.
@_date: 2018-12-27 12:06:12
As I understand it, Drivechains, by tying sidechain advancement to mainchain miner participation, effectively make sidechains into user activated blocksize increases, possibly causing centralization of the mainchain. This is why most Bitcoin Core engineers mostly ignore Drivechains. Notice how quickly (relative to drivechains) `SIGHASH_NOINPUT` is being discussed for adoption on the next SegWit version, whereas Drivechsins are not even mentioned even though that proposal has been present longer 
@_date: 2018-12-20 04:42:11
The only way it would work at all would be if you put some kind of standardized text transport on top, that would transport static code that would then be extended by interpreting that static code as a dynamic program executing on the user's computer --- can you imagine people doing complicated stuff like trying to run the dynamic program??? how'd they ever find the correct interpreter that also integrates a convenient UI? It's not like they can just download it for free!!!!
@_date: 2017-06-07 09:40:42
Problem is, if he spent it to fund an onion-based web wallet, the wallet.dat's keys will be controlling 0.0 BTC.
@_date: 2017-06-21 06:40:10
Philippines too please!
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:13:59
I honestly don't know :) I haven't had to reset a Trezor.
@_date: 2019-05-26 08:33:32


Unfortunately this is not possible to do trustlessly.  Lightning can only use contracts you can impose on Bitcoin. There is no possible Bitcoin SCRIPT to impose the condition "the receiver can claim one of these UTXOs, but if they claim one, the other UTXOs are reclaimable by the sender." 
Since that cannot be written in the Bitcoin layer, it cannot be  imposed by Lightning unless it trusts the receiver, thus your idea is inherently trust-based.
@_date: 2017-06-10 01:49:42
Yeah, and if Bitcoin falls, just flip the Trezor!
@_date: 2017-06-28 00:02:44
But then it no longer is a reliable node.  It's possible for the LN software to monitor such shenanigans and automatically lower the probability of creating channels to low-reliability nodes.
@_date: 2019-05-14 08:01:52


It won't, as long as some miners still mine the non-gonverment-modified chain.
Bitcoind will automatically attempt to heal the network and peer with other bitcoind's that give it valid blocks, and disconnect from bitcoind's that give it invalid blocks.
Since this particular scenario has the government *buying* new hashrate instead of subverting existing hashrate, standard bitcoind nodes will not even notice any hiccups or slowed down blocks --- existing honest hashrate that remains honest will be approximately the same (remember, this scenario is the government "investing billions in mining", not subverting existing miners), and any bitcoind's propagating invalid blocks with inflated govcoins will be banned by any standard bitcoind nodes, no matter their hashrate.
Note that existing mining pools already run standard bitcoind fullnodes, so they also won't notice ang govchain nodes other than to kick them off and stop them wasting their precious expensive low-latency bandwidth.  Honest miners will not build blocks on top of invalid blocks.
Indeed, as long as the value of the standard Bitcoin does not fall, self-interested miners will not bother switching to the govcoin, regardless of any hashrate the govcoin might try to push: hashrate means little if fullnodes refuse your blocks.
So the only attack is to 51% attack and double-spend coins.


There are already hundreds of exchanges worldwide, "coinbase and a few other exchanges" won't affect most countries.
Also, face-to-face direct Bitcoin swaps are still possible (BISQ, localbitcoins), though probably riskier (it seems rather obvious that governments will attempt to stop off-exchange trading if they're going to go to the lengths of actually subverting exchanges).
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:33:52
Yes, there's malware that does that.  No, malware detectors and virus software do ***not*** necessarily detect all malware.
Suggestions: Download a Linux LiveCD, burn it, boot up on Linux LiveCD, access accounts only if on the Linux bootup.  The "tails" distribution is recommended for this.
Suggestion 2: Reformat the computer and install Linux.  Seriously.  Linux nowadays can do almost everything a Windows box can, except run malware and games.
@_date: 2019-05-10 03:18:56
You can embed any token on Bitcoin using [a variety of protocols]( and it's possible one is a fiat-pegged token (i.e. "stable" coin, aka "unstable inflationary shitcoin").  The fiat pegging would have to be done by some trusted third party, though (unavoidable, because fiat currencies have a lot of shitty code (laws) attached to them).
CT is still a good bit away, but with more usage of existing privacy techniques like Chaumian CoinJoin, Lightning Network, CoinSwap, CoinJoinXT etc etc you can have "good enough" privacy for most users even today.
So Bitcoin is already a stablecoin and a privacy coin.
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:47:06


The original ASICBOOSTer
@_date: 2019-05-02 04:16:02
Except the comment of yours I'm responding to, specifically says:


What I'm saying is that storing it is not a problem now, and in any case will not be a problem until *after* propagating the blockchain over the network becomes a problem (which it is now, kinda).  So ---
@_date: 2019-05-09 09:27:41
Why not BIP8, which allows softforks to activate faster from miner cooperation but still imposes a 1 year flag date?  Then you get the best of both worlds: miners can speed it up, economic majority can insist on a flag day.
@_date: 2017-06-21 10:33:53
It will depend on how it's pegged.
If it's federated peg (current Rootstock), then the federation decides which chain you follow, or if they will support both chains.
If it's some other peg (drivechain, SPV-proof, ZK-SNARK-proof) then it will depend on the software running it; presumably if some dev wants to support one of the mainchains, some software will exist that supports a sidechain on a mainchain.
Basically, if mainchain splits, all sidechains on that mainchain also split.
@_date: 2019-05-07 07:00:35
Thanks!  I guess I didn't realize the full ramifications, ha.  More space for future softforks is good, and the specification of `OP_SUCCESS` definitely sidesteps the issue of branch opcodes in a script containing redefined `OP_SUCCESSx`.
@_date: 2018-12-23 04:54:17
This is pretty standard in the Philippines.
@_date: 2017-06-28 13:44:43
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:16:14
Bitcoin can't scale.  It's not a fish-cleaning knife, how would it scale a fish?
@_date: 2019-05-12 13:49:34
No, it really can't be "taken out".  RBF is incentive-compatible for miners.  And mining is *solely* about incentives, nothing else.
Opt-in RBF is a hack, because always-on RBF is the natural state of mining.  Even if the devs remove RBF, miners can always revert that change and patch their own code, and smart users will use RBF by connecting directly to the miners.
The only safe 0-conf is offchain techniques like Lightning: 
@_date: 2017-06-23 10:47:15
Can you give me a few BTC?
@_date: 2019-05-19 10:25:26
Wasabi can do that I think, not sure.
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:11:58
Make it far harder for random virii on your PC to steal your coins, or random scammers operating online wallets to steal your coins.
Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2017-06-06 06:57:27
Risk hedging.  While a majority of my investments are in BTC, I also have other investments.  Risk distribution, don't keep all your eggs in one basket, that sort of thing.
That way, if some major disaster hits BTC, I won't be *completely* wiped out, I'll be able to recover.
@_date: 2017-06-11 19:23:31
localbitcoins.com can provide you with direct cash-for-bitcoin trades, and has less need for identification.
@_date: 2017-06-07 07:41:21


Yes.  Your accounts are on the blockchain.
The words are a literal representation of a large number, and that large number is your "authorization account number".  Anyone (and any device) that knows that number, can look up your account balance and spend that account on your behalf.
@_date: 2019-05-14 04:23:29
Exchanges prefer to strongly overestimate what miners charge, because they don't want to handle people  complain when it takes hours or days to withdraw.
Exchanges are the weak point of Bitcoin.  Once you get your BTC to a wallet, you have much greater control over fees (though you will still have difficulty doing onchain payments during times of congestion).
If your risk profile allows it and you're doing fiat cost averaging (i.e. you denote a particular fiat cost and buy that at a fixed rate of N fiat tokens per D days/weeks/months/years) you can "batch" multiple purchases before transferring to wallet.
@_date: 2019-05-21 09:17:46
Yes.  Even worse, such software will more than likely be SPV and will use the manufacturer's fullnode to look up addresses, so your privacy is shot to hell.  Probably only Wasabi does private SPV right at all.
For Trezor at least you can connect it to an Electrum instance, and if you have an Electrum Personal Server then your privacy problems go away (at least until you send a tx, though that can be fixed if we get Dandelion in some form "soon").
Trezor gives you the option of using your own `btcd` (note: NOT `bitcoind` core) as a fullnode, though you still have to audit the Trezor wallet software to make sure they actually use the `btcd` you told it to use.  Don't know about Ledger.
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:44:37
Oh fuck somebody found my 732,000 BTC stash.
@_date: 2019-05-28 07:08:14
Oh no!  Now rene knows everything about me.  What am I gonna do?
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:20:51
Litecoin blocks are not full because far fewer people use them.  If Litecoin usage increases, you'll start seeing Litecoin full nodes collapse.
As a non-user of Litecoin, I don't care about the ridiculous blocksize it offers.
@_date: 2019-05-10 04:09:15


*And* custodial threats.  Coinbase can claim tomorrow that they've been hacked and stop withdrawals of BTC (and possibly trading).  Then your only recourse is legal threat, which can be expensive (and useless if the Coinbase executives skip town).  Not your keys, not your coins.
Look up "Mt. Gox" for why there is a strong current against keeping keys on exchanges.
Now maybe Coinbase is somehow "better" than Mt. Gox for some reason blah blah blah.  But in the end, not your keys, not your coins; better safe than sorry; etc.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:11:07
Kinda mutually exclusive.  The HW wallet has to kinda trust the software to give it correct states to sign, and those states are Bitcoin transactions.  With some sort of proper design (involving the software giving a lot of extra data to show that the state transitions are kosher), *maybe*?  Thought has not been put into this, since everybody writing the software is still fighting nasty little bugs and trying to get this from "beta" to "release".
TLDR: Maybe in theory, currently infeasible in practice until somebody starts trying to figure things out.
@_date: 2017-06-08 23:24:38


To my knowledge, no.  What transaction malleability hurts is the ability to create a chain of transactions without waiting for each transaction to confirm before writing the next transaction in the chain.
Separating signature data (i.e. segregating the witness, SegWit) allows transactions to be written that spend transactions that aren't signed yet.  This is useful in Lightning as it makes opening a channel safe without requiring a channel timeout (a single transaction-signing event converts the entire chain of transactions from invalid to valid in a single indivisible step).  Other uses for such features may arise in the future.
@_date: 2019-05-10 06:30:56
That's correct.  In practice, nodes open new channels all the time and the likelihood that Dave will have no other channels will decrease.  Over time, Starbucks will have many alternate routes, your direct one will only be one of them.
@_date: 2019-05-10 11:39:04


Yes, it's possible to directly connect given an IP address or hostname, sorry.


The gossip protocol spec specifically forbids node announcements being sent without channel announcements for those nodes first.  So those nodes *used* to have public channels, but do not have public channels anymore.  Either that or some nodes on Lightning are not strictly spec-compliant (wouldn't be a surprise) and 1ML uses one of those nodes.
@_date: 2019-05-08 09:06:49
Software changes are needed *because the mining hardware is controlled by the software*, and the current software policy is just "get the longest chain we can find and mine on top of *that*".  So you still need a software change, at the very minimum on *every* pool software in use.  Most pool software heavily relies on a running Bitcoin Core providing block templates for the pool to fill in: so the pool software isn't actually building blocks and considering what transactions to put in blocks, they're leaving it up to Bitcoin Core.  Bitcoin Core enforces the above policy and doesn't censor transactions just because some exchange got hacked.  So to get miners to reorg a chain, you have to get, at minimum, mining pools to patch their Bitcoin Core to specifically consider-invalid *any* chain with the original hack transaction in it.  *That* code change is risky, because any consensus code change is risky (consider SegWit2X, a supposedly "simple" change of a 4 to an 8, which would have caused two chainsplits due to an off-by-one error in the part that gives mining pools the block templates, versus the part that actually validates blocks).
@_date: 2017-06-28 10:25:00
Those may be transaction fees.  Transaction fees often become cheaper on weekends.
Note that transaction fees are based on the "complexity" of the transaction, NOT ITS TOTAL AMOUNT.  You'll need to know how many transfers **into** your Mycelium wallet exist; the more there are, the more complex your spending transaction and the more expensive it is.
The term for this is "dust".  If you received many small transactions, spending is more difficult for you, versus if you received a few large transactions.  If you have enough bitcoins you can consolidate the multiple small received amounts into a single big amount during the weekend transaction fee low point, then enjoy reduced cost the rest of the time.
@_date: 2019-05-08 09:23:29
First, understand that in Bitcoin, *you* are intended to be responsible for your own coins.
That means doing something like:
1.  Ensuring you do not run an easily-hackable OS, like any Windows variant.  Use at least a MacOS, preferably a Linux.  Then download and run 
2.  *OR* using a hardware wallet, like  , if you really want to live with your computer being randomly taken over by any script kiddie because you want to use Windows.  Or install Linux and use a hardware wallet for better security, 1.0BTC is a lot and a Trezor costs something like 0.022 BTC or thereabouts.
2.  Understand that either of the above will give you a short list of 12 or 24 random words.  Anyone who gets access to that list WILL STEAL YOUR BITCOIN.  That list of random words is your backup in case your computer / hardware wallet is broken, so keep a copy on paper, fold it several times (to make it harder to read unless opened), seal it in a plastic/waterproof container, and keep it in your safe or vault or whatever.
3.  Pick only an exchange where you can withdraw Bitcoins, *as Bitcoins*, into any wallet you yourself control.  Robinhood is not such an exchange.
4.  After buying, withdraw Bitcoins to the wallet you control.
5.  Remember this mantra: Not your keys not your coins.
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:10:24
Though what we currently cannot make more of is *surface area* of the Earth.  Maybe later when we've gone beyond Kardashev 1 civilization.
@_date: 2017-06-28 13:52:40
I got the equivalent of ~$5.00 in BTC from them for signing up on their dorky inbox site, that's the most exciting thing I've seen from them.
@_date: 2019-05-30 08:09:52
Compact Blocks gets a good part of the graphene improvement, without requiring canonical transaction ordering (which breaks CPFP and makes LN revocation that much less safer).
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:57:09
There are only two types of exchanges: those that have been hacked, and those that will be hacked.
@_date: 2017-06-13 04:51:16
Is that why she's on sale?
I'm thinking about the dog, is it housebroken?  Does tricks?
@_date: 2018-12-20 05:40:14
No. *that* solution is trying to add restrictions to block transasction ordering to optimize (not a lot since already optimized) transport of entire blocks.
Minisketch is *not adding* any restrictions to blocks (it's not a consensus change) and it optimizes transport of individual transactions across mempools. This is not yet optimized, so it's best to make optimizations on.
@_date: 2019-05-15 04:03:36


If the receiver is willing to accept bitcoins, you can send to them directly.
Using an exchange is needed only if the receiver doesn't want to accept bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-05-07 04:38:50
Most of the Samourai privacy features are creative renames of old ideas that have been rejected because a server learns the mix details and can break privacy. Samourai's server code is also closed source, so you gotta wonder what they do to your data (and even if they were open source you still have to wonder if they have any special patches they're not telling).
JoinMarket avoids the server problem by having lots of little servers (the CoinJoin makers); your privacy is shot only if all the makers you use cooperate to break your privacy, so mixing multiple times lowers your risk.
TumbleBit and Wasabi's Chaumian CoinJoin use blinded bearer signatures so that the server can't associate inputs to outputs. TumbleBit requires the server have some money of its own, but Chaumiam CoinJoin works even if the server is satoshiless.
@_date: 2018-12-12 09:43:20
c-lightning currently has a feature (dunno if implemented fully) that it pings random nodes (by paying a tiny amount to a nonexistent hash).
Rating systems are a little iffy.  In many systems it's mostly costless to attack somebody and say they're jerks and lower their rating.
I think in the future your basis for ratings would end up being how much coin they have locked in channels.
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:19:39
Miner's reward creates a UTXO.  Say there exists on the 148 chain a UTXO miner's reward, UM.  For simplicity, let's pretend the miner's reward is 25.0 BTC.
You have 1.0 BTC in a UTXO you've been hodling.  Call this UA.
You and the 148 miner generate new addresses B (for you) and N (for the miner).
You make a single transaction with the below:
1.  Input 0: UA 1.0
2.  Input 1: UM 25.0
3.  Output 0: pay to B, 0.98 (call this UB)
4.  Output 1: pay to N, 25.01 (call this UN)
The output total is 25.99, so 0.01 is mining fee.  N is given 25.01, so 0.01 is replay-protection-fee.
The above transaction is signed by you and the 148 miner.  This is in fact exactly a CoinJoin transaction; note that more than one person can use the same transaction too, but that's additional detail.
The output UM does not exist in non-148 chain, so the above transaction is not valid in the non-148 chain and therefore not replayable.
Once the above transaction is signed and broadcast, you can refer to output UB, and any transaction built on top of UB is valid only in 148 chain.
Once the above transaction is confirmed, any transaction spending UA is valid only in non-148 chain, since UA is now spent in the 148 chain.
@_date: 2017-06-07 09:39:09


Oh I'm sorry I didn't notice that, yes that changes the incentives totally completely. /s
@_date: 2018-12-24 11:01:55
Blockchain analysis lets you recognize distinct owners, and exchanges that force KYC/AML will know who you are and track who you spend to.
@_date: 2017-06-07 00:15:46
Give your bitcoin to me, that'll stop your addiction.
@_date: 2017-06-06 04:00:10


Pegging it makes it market nonvolatile relative to the mainchain coin.
That's the whole point of sidechains: make the sidecoin's volatility exactly the same as the volatility of the mainchain.  Assuming bitcoin value stabilizes eventually, this means any new features requiring extensive changes to the Bitcoin chain format can be prototyped without having to create a market for a new coin.


The only truly decentralized way to ensure a small spread is by locking an amount of bitcoins in the  bitcoin chain, then creating "Bitcoin coins on the Bitcoin chain.  Then only if a "Bitcoin coin was destroyed, would the same amount of coins be released again from the locked address on the main  bitcoin chain.
In short:  ***what you described is pegging!***
It's the exact same technique that exchange-traded funds use to ensure their exchange-traded value is very near the value of the assets the fund holds: at any time, you can gather a number of ETF shares and exchange for assets, or gather the assets and exchange for ETF shares.  If there's a discrepancy somebody would arbitrage it until the spread is tiny.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:06:26
It's not a consensus change, so maybe a year or so.  Take a few months of proof-of-concept and redesign, a month of implementation, a month of review and rebasing, then double that because you know, humans and their optimism, so about a year.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:15:36
Trampoline extends the length of routes and allows anonymous receivers (as opposed to current anonymous senders), it doesn't (by itself) increase the number of parallel routes you use to send payments.
@_date: 2017-06-27 03:14:41
That's why ***MOON***
@_date: 2019-05-27 03:02:06


But everyone *is* in a joint effort to build a *single* blockchain.
Unless you're thinking that each person is build their own blockchain and completely ignoring everybody else's.  But in that case, you have to say which blockchain is Bitcoin for you, and then you'd be right that Bitcoin only has that hashrate (the other blockchains being built being altcoins).
@_date: 2019-05-09 08:12:53
Totally, I'm so alpha I have two dicks so I can totally bone them at the same time.
@_date: 2019-05-08 07:59:10
Yes, precisely due to the amount of hash required.  While pools might pursue specific chain splits, the miners using them will only stay with the pool as long as they pay out shares using coin on the chain split with more economic power (i.e. as long as miners can sell their coins and have them accepted as "the real Bitcoin" with more value assigned to it).  As more of the pool's holdings consist of coins on a specific chain split, the more the pool is forced to pay using coins of a specific chain split, and the more miners will prefer to move to pools paying out the higher-economic-value (i.e. price) chain split coin.
Pools cannot force miners to stay with them, thus mining pools are only mildly centralizing to the extent that miners are not paying attention to what the mining pool is doing.
If you look more on the twitter thread, CZ mentions Jihan Wu telling him it's impossible.  He should know, since he tried forking the Bitcoin network himself and ended up holding bags of BCH.
@_date: 2019-05-02 03:39:51
Translation: Hi Samourai users! We want to know how rich you are so we can sell your information.  Thanks!
@_date: 2017-06-28 00:09:19
Coins become unlocked as soon as the preimage is made available.  Since the end receiver cannot actually get the money unless they release the preimage, they have the incentive to release the preimage quickly.  Once released, every locked coin on the route is unlocked and usable again for further transfers.
@_date: 2018-12-06 10:28:28
LN proof-of-payment could be used by the lottery participants to show that they have given a specific amount to the lottery.
The lottery can create proof-of-solvency, with each paid LN invoice and its revealed proof-of-payment as leaves in a Merkle tree.  The Merkle tree root is publicly committed to by the lottery (e.g. `OP_RETURN`), and each participant can then request a Merkle tree proof for their LN invoices.  If the lottery refuses to make such a proof, the participant can publicly show the invoice (which has a signature from the lottery itself) and the proof-of-payment, and if the lottery still cannot provide the proper Merkle path from its committed root then we know there is some shenanigans.
Each lottery participant would also attach some onchain address (because of the current LN max-payment-size limits) through which they will get paid if they win.
While LN by itself has no global consensus, it is dependent on blockchain global consensus, and the same dependency can be used by the lottery.  I.e. a specific future blockheight on BTC can be used and once the block is buried deeply enough then the lottery pays out to the winner.
@_date: 2019-05-15 08:22:18
Sorry, but having a separate set of participants that performs probabilistic games of chance, from non-variance participants, is a separation of the Lightning Network that leads to centralization.
LN, as-is, allows consumer nodes to be indistinguishable from merchant nodes and intermediate nodes.
Having Pools is a *stronger* centralization force than allowing the payer to route over any available route, because they divide the network into separate classes.
Lightning by itself also needs to have HTLCs somewhere, in order to ensure that intermediate nodes behave correctly and forward payments.  I don't see how you can make games-of-chance operate as HTLCs (maybe you should use the payment preimage as part of the seed for the game-of-chance).  If you can't transport HTLCs over the games-of-chance network, then the user nodes end up trusting the pool nodes: the point of Lightning is to never have to trust.
@_date: 2017-06-01 06:03:17
The main limitation today is not cost of mining rig, but cost of operation.  You're competing against miner rigs in China, which has government-subsidized electricity costs.
Note that you should not just be factoring in electricity costs to the miner rig itself, but also for cooling and ventilation of your rig, especially since the Northern Hemisphere (assuming that's where you live) is entering summer soon.
@_date: 2017-06-04 23:23:50
But BIP148 has no economic support! /s
@_date: 2017-06-12 09:40:45
[Why yes there is](
@_date: 2017-09-02 15:37:40


Stick to reasonably well-known exchanges.


There are tumblers, which obfuscate the source and destination of money.  Most of the ones you can find easily are going to be scams that will end up stealing some people's money.
There's work on getting tumbling into a trustless setup which can't defraud its clients.  There's TumbleBit and ZeroLink.  Not yet fully deployed yet, however.


Tumbling may mean that dumb investigators think you're a criminal because a criminal used the same tumbling service as you, because people are dumb and lazy.
Not tumbling means that people can figure out how much bitcoin you own, which should be private by default: after all, you don't want those notorious relatives of yours knowing they can pester you for a loan everyone knows they won't repay anyway.
@_date: 2017-09-04 23:24:46
FIBRE software implementation is open source.  My understanding is that Matt Corallo implemented FIBRE before Blockstream was even launched, though I could be wrong.  But yes, if you look up instructions for Blockstream satellite, you install FIBRE software too in order to receive the satellite blocks.
@_date: 2018-12-04 07:32:54
Additions to the base Bitcoin layer (Neutrino) are needed for general SPV operation of Lightning nodes.  Eclair kinda cheats by using unidirectional channels on mobile; c-lightning and lnd are both holding out for Neutrino but that will require an update to Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2019-05-21 22:19:27
Just go with the spare offline computer if you have one lying around you're not using.  Install a Linux distro on it --- you'll be a lot safer against USB stick viruses that way (and keep the USB flash disk disconnected as much as possible, your BIOS might boot from it if it's plugged in when turning on your computer).  You'll need to juggle :USB sticks to sign transactions but that's fine if you spend once in a blue moon.  Or split your cash in a cold/hot storage: install Electrum in your phone and keep a few millibitcoins on it for ordinary spends as a hot wallet, only rarely use your offline device (whether a USB-connected hardware device or an offline computer).  Most thefts are getting to your seed because you do something stupid like keep a copy of the seed in your wallet or get phished into inputting it into some website; alternately, copy-paste viruses can alter copied addresses so *always* double-check before confirming spends.