@_author: almostincognito
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:37:51
I'll try to explain this:  my server is four dual-core processors and has nothing running on it but debian linux and minerd.  44 kh/s was the best, 28 kh/s was the worst rate, it depends on the difficulty of the block.  assume the average is 36 kh/s and it's basically four computers in one.  You could assume a single machine with the same chip and OS would be getting 8 kh/s -- which is just about what my 64-bit media pc is running.
30 computers in a class would only give 240 kh/s total under optimum.  figure in the other things running on the machines and it will probably be half of this.  
and there's still the port issue which makes this futile.
@_date: 2014-02-06 11:35:25
Wow, no replies yet in a very active sub.  Since you've been asking for help with AP calc and physics homework and from the language usage in your other posts, I know your post about being a teacher is a lie but I'll answer just in case anyone else is looking to illegally mine at their school.  I'm in the CTE dept at a public school.
The main problems I see with mining are this:  I run a moodle server for my LMS. Our district blocks almost all ports so I had to get a static IP and separate URL for my machine only (huge ordeal)  I'm not mining with it since I don't want to risk losing the server.  A miner won't work for me on the regular school network,I already tried it to test some GPUs.  
That brings up the second thing, it's unlikely the graphics cards (if the computers even have them) will be able to handle a decent hash rate.  CPU mining won't be a good idea while the computers are being used for classes and the hash rate is going to be horribly low.  I was running a HP Proliant server (four dual-core 3.33gHz chips) at home and was getting a max of 44 kH/s which would only be useful for dogecoin.  Since the weather was cold, I didn't mind using it for a heater.
@_date: 2016-02-16 03:05:50
I know... that was the first thing I saw when I came here and searched Uphold.  They're holding about $250USD of mine and my friend has substantially more that he is unable to transfer.
@_date: 2016-02-16 03:26:26
No problem. I appreciate that someone took the time to read and respond.  
I like how Uphold says that suddenly freezing my account is for the safety and security of their members.... like I'm somehow injecting malware into their system by initiating several ACH transfers for BTC.  
@_date: 2016-02-16 03:03:44
This has nothing to do with bank holidays.  **"Your Account is Being Reviewed by Our Team"** greets me at the dashboard.  The email states the following: 
*In a routine review of your account, we discovered information that raised concern for the safety and security of our Members. As a result, we have temporarily restricted your account, which will prevent you from sending or transferring value. This restriction will remain in effect until you can become a fully verified Member.*
The other friend who received the same email has been using Uphold for months.  We contacted customer support over 8 hours ago and no response.  
@_date: 2016-02-17 00:25:52
Thanks for the response.  I was able to rectify everything today and my funds are back up.  
I agree with the understaffed situation. I love the concept and hopefully these are just minor growing pains.