@_author: alphabetameta
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:13:19
Satoshi already WEIGHED IN on this VERY issue. He said the block size was meant to be temporary and was to be increased. 1MB was a temporary stopgap to defend against spam tx's. Now, people like and and (the Divine nutter) .. and the disingenuous Dr. Adam Back (who's behavior has been utterly atrocious) are fumbling about and throwing every single excuse out there from "Satoshi was wrong" to "We also agree.. but in a safe fashion.. " and then the classic, when confronted about how staying at 1MB DIRECTLY benefits their multi million dollar startup Blockstream, the **"Blockstream? Huh? We don't own time machines. We had this view LONG BEFORE Blockstream. BITCOIN COULD FAIL IF WE ACT TO RASH!"** and when asked about a conflict of interest the default is *"Er.. Gavin and Mike are taking money from bitcoin business. What conflict of interest? Look over there a flying monkey!"* (runs for cover).
People need to realize that this is all ridiculous. They have MILLIONS OF DOLLARS on the line invested in a startup that provides a "solution" that benefits from NOT increasing the block size. And this ridiculous reasoning that they held these beliefs before Blockstream... no shit! That's why you started it! Birds of a feather flock together.
Of course every apologist for these guys (a whopping 4 or 5) has said that Satoshi is not a messiah or a god, and his word would mean jack shit right now. Now, if Satoshi comes out of hibernation and says "Don't raise the block size. 1mb is safe for now", you can bet your ass these guys will be singing a different tune. It's all so disingenuous. Seriously, there is no shame in admitting that a change that a TON of people want (check the polls and votes and general vibe) will hurt a business you've worked your ass off to build and put money/time into. Nobody will lynch you for it. But be honest, FFS.
Edit: Sadly, what probably could have been a very successful company (Blockstream), has already become notoriously controversial due to the antics being deployed. Please be sensible - throwing tantrums and threatening to "walk" from the project and posting articles (and vague threats) about how Bitcoin could fail, a few months from now your reputations will have suffered an unmanageable hit. Is it really worth it? You know very well that most miners, business and other large players want the increase, and the 8MB compromise is going to happen. Whether you huff and puff and "walk", that won't matter. Majority = authority and it will be sad to see such strong brainpower removed from the process (other then religious loons who want to incorporate the gospel into core development) - but it will go down that way, folks. Stop being sore losers, you are only hurting your own image.
@_date: 2015-06-27 22:02:03
I'm sorry, I have a particular problem with you. First of all, being Catholic is perfectly fine. But you are a nutter, as seen by your underhanded [actions] ( that are [well documented]( because of.. what was it.. God frowns upon bitcoin gambling? 
I'm not going to address your points above because there's a blatant lie. *"False premise. It doesn't benefit Blockstream at all.*" I stopped reading there.
@_date: 2015-06-27 22:07:11
Excuse me? Do you deny trying to sneak in blacklists? It never happened?
@_date: 2015-06-27 22:12:10
Wow. Ok.
@_date: 2015-05-26 18:57:35
Nice, just sent myself an invite
@_date: 2015-01-18 22:31:01
Good idea and I can. Say I encrypt it with PGP. But then, what if my PGP key gets wiped or destroyed or inadvertently I forgot the password to the private key? You see even the private key has to be backed up somewhere. It is kind of like a chicken and the egg. I was hoping for SpiderOak to be the be-all end-all of where I keep all my most sensitive backups (PGP Key, Wallet.dat, Electrum seed, etc) and only remember the long 20+character password.