@_author: alphaalphabeta
@_date: 2014-10-28 12:07:44
M3 did not include reserves either.
I'm not sure why you feel a need to look for "hidden" money when the charts I references clearly show where the money is.
Anything not to be admit your own ignorance and seek to learn how the world exists rather than fit it into your preconceived angry notions of bankster conspiracies.
For reference on inflation:
Core inflation (prices - food &amp; energy) - 
Overall consumer price inflation (includes food &amp; energy) - 
Inflation must be hiding in M3 as well.
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:14:21
Because this is monetary base.
 shows the growth in excess reserves (ER).  ER is money just sitting on account at the Fed.  It isn't out in the real economy and it has no effect on prices. The Fed keeps it there because a) they are paying interest on it and b) because the banks have nowhere productive to lend it.
You have to go back to the reason for QE to understand why it is this way.  QE is designed to fight deflation, which is a central bankers worst nightmare.  With deflation, people have more incentive to hoard their money than transact with it.  When people stop trading money for goods, services, or future investments then people start losing their jobs, etc.  Its bad.
When things are "normal" the Fed tries to keep price inflation at around 2%.  That gives incentive for people to get rid of their dollars in trade for other things but not so much that its impossible to save.  You cannot get rich simply by hoarding dollars though.
When a recession hits, the Fed typically begins to adjust interest rates in the economy downwards to increase the pressure on people to spend rather than save in order to get the economy moving again (they do the opposite if they feel the economy is moving unsustainably fast).
(How they move interest rates is through the buying and selling of government bonds, but in the interests of not writing a textbook here, let's just assume that they can affect interest rates).
During the Great Recession, they reached a point where interest rates were effectively zero and yet people were still hoarding money.  By some measures, price levels were deflating and the Fed got Really Scared.  So, they came up with the Quantitative Easing programs.  With QE, the Fed buys massive quantities of government bonds and mortgage backed securities on the market.  The depresses yields on assets less linked to the normal Fed rates and makes increasingly difficult to find places to put money that are safe and high yielding.  
With less "safe" investment opportunities, people will spend or they will invest in longer term, riskier projects (the type that cause the economy to grow over the short term through expensive capital equipment purchases and the long term through increase productivity.)
To prevent all this new money the Fed is creating to buy up bonds, it simultaneously pays the banks some interest to keep that money locked up.  
The entire idea behind all of this is people need to consume and they need to invest.  That's what the economy is, after all, me trading with you or investing in projects with future rewards.  The economy doesn't work if everyone just wants to sit on unproductive assets and grow wealthier.
There are about a bajillion places where you can disagree violently with the approach and indeed, there are a great many schools of thought on how well all this actually works in practice.
But, that's what they are trying to do.  You can throw away all the conspiracy theories about the "banksters" and just focus on the objectives of the Fed.  
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:56:37
This is a very strange statement.  
The Fed has inflated the monetary base, but that has not led to a significant increase in the money supply and only minimal increase in price levels.
Why would selling bonds and removing money from the economy stimulate *inflation*?
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:41:26
We didn't bail out the banks in the past.  It was called the Great Depression and it makes the Great Recession look like a party in comparison.
And, the trillions "printed" are not to bail out the banks.  The banks are long since bailed out.  
@_date: 2014-10-27 11:46:58
Ugh, so many people *think* they understand how this stuff works but do not.  None of that stuff you discuss means that the government borrows money from the Fed.
Think of it more simply.  You get a home mortgage from Bank of America.  BoA clearly loaned you the money.  BoA then sells that mortgage to a hedge fund who wraps it into Mortgage Backed Security.  Even though your payments now go to the hedge fund now instead of BoA doesn't mean that the hedge fund loaned you money.  
That is the relationship.
The Fed buys and sells bonds on the open market to meet their goals.  Neither of their mandates includes funding the government.
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:06:01
There are precedents to not bailing out the financial system during a crisis.  The results were... bad.
@_date: 2014-10-27 11:49:23
There seems to be some confusion here.  The Fed does not participate in the auctions.  At times, the Fed is buying bonds on the open market and at times, it is selling bonds on the open market.
Right now, it is buying a lot of bonds.  Later, it will need to sell those bonds.  
When bonds are bought, money is created.  When they are sold, money is destroyed.  (In a sense.)  
But, it is not buying bonds today because the government wants the money.  Government operations are not part of the Fed mandate.
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:13:23


No, they have not.  They have been increasing base.  
I've shown you charts of base and supply which clearly show this money.  I've shown you charts of price levels showing you that prices are stable.  And yet, you still insist that it must be hiding away in some unused M3 number.  Amazing.


The majority of direct lending to foreign banks has long since been paid back.  The Fed did a lot of unprecedented and extraordinary things in response to the Great Recession.  
They didn't do them to satisfy your need for a great conspiracy though.  They did it because the last time this happened they didn't, and the world fell into the Great Depression.


I included charts with F&amp;E and without.  I take the time to read the entirety of what you write before I respond.  You should do me the same courtesy.
For what its worth, we do not call different slices of data "rigged" because that would be stupid.  
@_date: 2014-10-19 01:59:57
Actually, you said "money supply" which is not the same as "monetary base."
@_date: 2014-10-28 04:54:06


No.  The money supply explicitly does not include either required or excess reserves of the banking system.  The money from the QE program is in the form of excess reserves.  Were the banks to lend out those excess reserves then it would enter the money supply.
As it is, sitting on account at the Fed, to the real economy it is as if it doesn't exist.
Excess Reserves -  
Money Base chart - 
M2 Money Supply chart - 
Excess reserves are a component of monetary base and you can clearly see that from the first two graphs.  As you can see, money supply is showing stable growth over time (log scale is best to see this, but even without, it isn't spiking.)
When the Fed decides to unwind this program, the bonds it sells from its balance sheet will be paid for with excess reserves and have minimal effect on money supply.
The Fed does not care about making profits.
All of this might beg the question "why is the Fed doing this?"  I've gone about as far as I plan to with this posting but the answer is both interesting and controversial (though not because of any nefarious "bankster" purpose.)
@_date: 2014-10-18 16:23:07
This is not inflation.
 is inflation.
The chart you linked is monetary base.  A ton of that is locked up as excess reserves in the banking system and is not out in the real economy having any effect at all on prices.
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:04:12
The Federal Government does not borrow money from the Fed.
@_date: 2014-10-27 11:58:56
The Fed does not buy bonds from the government.
I feel like we've been over this before...
@_date: 2014-10-27 11:52:42
Most of the people I talk to here have no grounding in economics other than what they think they know because it seems obvious to them.
The rest of their knowledge is passed on by dilettantes who don't know what they are talking about either.
What's most frustrating is that they refuse to be educated.  They will hold on to their incorrect beliefs so we never get to actual interesting discussions.  We end up arguing about *why* and *how* the Fed does something rather than *should* the Fed do something.  The *why* and *how* are actually not all that subject to debate (the why, somewhat I suppose, but that presumes that you aren't completely incorrect on the how.)
@_date: 2014-10-18 17:53:15
Most of this money is locked in excess reserves.  This is on purpose as the Fed is paying a small amount of interest on those reserves.  
This is really the underlying idea of the various rounds of QE.  The Fed buys massive amounts of stuff to keep the yields low while simultaneously keeping that new money they created from entering the system.  Low yields are designed to discourage people from trying to lock their money into "safe" assets.  Instead, the Fed wants money going into consumption and higher risk investments.
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:40:00
The government auctions the debt and then the Federal Reserve buys and sells it from others.
The treasury does not (and can not) go to the Fed and say "loan me a billion today."
@_date: 2014-10-19 02:04:43
When has this particular situation occurred before?  Excess reserves in the economy have basically been zero forever until now.
"It always does" implies these circumstances have occurred before.  They have not, so you are going to need a bit better argument for the mechanism by which these excess reserves lead to price inflation.
@_date: 2014-10-18 17:54:55
Only if that money ever enters the real economy.  This extra monetary base is not actually in the hands of anyone that can spend it.  It is held as excess reserves of the banking system at the Federal Reserve.
In theory, the banks could lend it out, but they aren't because a) they are getting interest to just leave it where it is and b) there isn't anywhere productive to put it.
@_date: 2014-10-19 20:44:41
Of course there is, and I've outlined that in numerous postings here.  
The Fed absolutely does not want the entirety of these excess reserves spent.  That's why they explicitly sought statutory authority from Congress to pay interest on excess reserves (IOR).  What they do want is yields on risk-free investments to be very low.  
The Fed can also adjust IOR to whatever rate they want to ensure that these reserves don't get spent.  These created dollars will eventually go back to the Fed and be destroyed via the same mechanism that created them.  They aren't going to show up in the checkbooks of ordinary Americans.
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:56:20


This is like a religion to you.  Facts and data do not matter - just your faith in your own beliefs.  Kind of pointless to continue trying to show you here.


This is actually debatable.  The low interest rate policy that the Fed followed almost certainly contributed to the magnitude of the Great Recession, but I don't think we can call it the "cause."
The Fed probably should have realized that financial firms were nowhere near as good at risk calculations as Greenspan thought they were.  He very strongly resisted calls to further regulate derivatives as he thought they were an effective and smart way to pass risk from those that didn't want it to those that did.  (He talks about this in plenty of pre-Recession speeches.)  This resistance was primarily from the bully pulpit, the Fed actually has little regulatory power in this sphere.
But, Congress and the Executive Branch created the conditions for these tools to exist and also created the lax oversight and regulatory environment.  The Fed regulates banks according to the law and doesn't have the power to say, tell Goldman Sachs that they cannot wrap subprime home mortgages into an MBS and sell big chunks of junk debt as AAA.  They don't have the power to rate the bonds and they certainly don't have the power to tell AIG not to buy huge tranches of these things.


Demonstrably not true.  The currency virtually every person carries in their pocket is a fiat currency.  If you mean that "when fiat currencies fail, they tend to die in an inflationary spiral" that may be true.  


All of our days are numbered.
Since we're in a bitcoin forum, are you of the opinion that bitcoin will replace national currencies?  
@_date: 2014-10-27 11:56:50
They are looking to someone to blame and there are plenty of demagogues to show them the way.
The annoying thing is that there are many interesting discussions to be had about the rightness or appropriateness of what the Fed does, but we never actually get to those because anyone who has a clue quickly abandons these threads because people want to have multi-page argument chains about definitions that they do not understand.
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:46:19
When the Fed has purchased the bond, it has not loaned anyone anything.  The bond was already sold, the money already loaned, and the bond already existed.  
All the Fed has done is bought it.  That is not the same thing as loaning the money in the first place.  Semantics are important.  Yours are incorrect.
But, let's just call this argument quits, as you are actually quit stubborn in the face of plain facts.
@_date: 2014-10-19 02:06:19
They will likely unwind the same way they were created.  At some point, the Fed will start selling the bonds on their balance sheet and the banks will pay for it with the excess reserves they have accumulated.  
The bonds will go back into private hands and the money used to pay for them will disappear.
This will likely happen over a great many years.
@_date: 2014-10-18 17:50:56
Monetary base includes banking reserves.  Right now, there is an enormous level of excess reserves in the system.  Those excess reserves are on deposit with the Fed and are not affecting prices.
@_date: 2014-10-19 21:14:52


What factor would prevent the Fed from changing an interest rate entry in a terminal?


Goodness no, that was not the point of QE.  Perhaps you are thinking of TARP or other programs designed to shore up the banking system in the face of impending collapse?  QE came later.


I'm not ignoring anything - we haven't talked about those issues.  What we're talking about is your incorrect assertion that the money created by QE *will* enter the real economy and will stimulate hyperinflation.
Your assertion is incorrect.  If you want to talk about something else now, then please, supply a meaningful topic backed up with more than just unfounded assertions and I'll be happy to debate (assuming I disagree in the first place.)
@_date: 2014-10-18 17:56:29
Its derpy because monetary base != inflation.
It is yet another example of a dilettante misunderstanding definitional terms and completely misunderstanding the basics of the macro-economy.
You can completely and violently disagree with what the Fed is doing, but you cannot call this increase in monetary base "inflation."
@_date: 2014-10-27 12:13:20
Yes, but it did not loan the money to the government any more than the debt collectors who constantly hound you loaned the money to you.
