@_author: alpha_hxcr8
@_date: 2017-01-19 22:02:57
You are right.. there are transcation costs.. but typically bitcoins are **advertised** to be "free", because the cost is in bits/compute cycles, which is much lower than 2-3% of the price of the product I am paying for. 
When I mean "free", I am not talking about the peripheral costs such as "frictional costs of knowing how to use bitcoins, exchanging USD for bitcoins, getting apps to store your bitcoins, knowing how to store your keys safely, finding merchants who are willing to accept bitcoins"
@_date: 2017-01-20 14:30:43
Hi Frogolocalypse..
you are absolutely right.. I dont have a clue.. thats why I am asking questions.. and appreciate your reply.
Right now it seems the cost of mining is ~ 1% (2.04m$ for miner revenue vs 241m$ total transaction volume in USD).  Perhaps Fred was referring to that when he mentioned that bitcoin has a 1% transaction cost, although he didnt explain where that cost came from. 
Could you comment of the main topic of the thread? I would love to know your opinion.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:33:18
I personally think that the transaction costs that you pay to your credit card should be though more as a premium for insurance.
Let me give an example. When you drive your car, you could claim, I am a perfectly good driver, and I am never going to have an accident. If I see an in-experienced driver, I will avoid him. I wont ever drive drunk, or drive faster than the speed limit. Even if you do all these you cant prevent the risk that when you are not 100% alert or due to unforeseen circumstances, you get into an accident, maybe because your tire blows up. This is why everybody gets insurance. A similar argument qualifies for health insurance.
Yes you can be very alert for online transactions or any physical transactions. However, you can never be 100% sure that you are perfectly protected from such fraud. So you can decide that ok I will make a judgement call for each and every transaction. If I think that this transaction has a very high risk, I will use an escrow service (credit card). If I am much more certain that this doesn't involve risk, I will use Bitcoin. Can you imagine how much more work you will have to do, if you try to do this for each and every transaction? 
What credit cards companies have done is to take that risk off your plate. Now you have to make far fewer judgement calls. Its also true that the very few customer complaints actually happen. I think this is reflected in the fact that the % of transaction charged by credit card companies is of the order of 2%. 
You should also remember that the 2% is not just paying for the premium for credit cards carrying the risk, its also for monitoring your account for fraud, for providing you credit cards, for providing a web interface, for providing your information to credit agencies, credit monitoring.
Is bitcoin providing all of these for free?
P.S. It may seem that I am associated with some credit card for backing them up. I am not..just trying to see whether the hype around bitcoins makes business sense, for me to invest time and money
@_date: 2016-12-30 20:03:22
I agree with Rich. I had to do a huge chargeback recently on my cc. I didnt even have to call anybody. I went online, wrote an email explaining the details, put the actual value I wanted the chargeback to happen.
The chargeback was instantaneous. The credit card company took care of everything.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:08:07
Straight, the question is if Credit Cards already have inbuilt escrow services, why move to bitcoin?
Typically for a new system to get accepted widely you have to show benefits, which are not just the same as that of the previous system, but much higher (maybe 10X). If you use a third party escrow service, you loose anonymity as well you will have transaction fees associated with using the service. I may be wrong, but both of these negate the major benefits of bitcoin..
Look at autonomous cars. At this point, they provide similar level of safety as a human driver. But do you want to let a autonomous car drive you?
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:18:38
I want variety/options in the kind of clothes I wear, in the variety of sandwiches I can buy from a restaurant. 
However currency is boring and just a mechanism of transaction. Unless I am bank or financial institution, the variety argument is not true for me. I would hypothize that most people want simplicity in the transactions, not more variety/options or complexity.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:14:52
True.. its an experiment. I think a lot of the things that I mentioned escrow services built into credit cards, credit monitoring etc are only available to 1st world consumers.
These maynot be available to developing countries. I can definitely see its benefits there. I actually did read an analysis by Alec Ross (secretary of innovation to Hillary Clinton) in "the industries of the future" where he states that bitcoin will gain widespread adoption first in developing countries rather than in the developed countries..In developed countries bitcoin will have to battle USD, banks and credit cards which have already solved most of the issues that bitcoin is trying to solve, IMO.
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:57:34
This is a fair critic. However, this means that you are fundamentally trusting the merchant to be fair and reasonable. There are 2 counter arguments I will provide
1.	When merchants become big, the customers become the small frog in the pond. I have never actually used a chargeback until recently, when I had to do a chargeback through my credit card for a big purchase from one of the biggest pharmacies. The pharmacies though that I was bound to them so they didn’t want to do a chargeback themselves, and I could only solve it by bring my credit card company into the equation. There has to be some amount of arbitration, perhaps through escrow services as somebody pointed out, if bitcoins are to used. **However, this also means that bitcoins are not going to be "transaction-fee-less" as is typically advertised.**
2.	When merchants like amazon or ebay started they started small. One of the major reasons people could start trusting them was because there were services like the credit cards or paypal which provided some kind of insurance that if these merchants didn’t live up to their word, the money could be returned back to the payer. In a rapidly evolving and entrepreneual world, there will be a lot of small players, trying to vy with the big players like amazon or ebay. If there is nothing like the protection that credit cards provide, how are the small players going to ever have a chance to become big? This basically means that the big players will have a major upper hand in protecting their customer base, with no innovation happening outside their individual companies. I don’t think the market will allow this. So, again we come back to the same point 1. Bitcoin wont be successful or 2. There has to be another agency such as escrow services which has to provide this protection.
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:45:42
BTC_forever, Please live in your delusion
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:21:29
True..I think there always has to be a manual arbitrator. because the arbitrator has to inspect both sides of the argument and make a judgement call regarding the validity of the claims from both parties. Unless AI/machine learning gets to the point that it can make judgement calls like that it would be very hard to do without a person.
@_date: 2016-12-30 20:05:51
This also means that bitcoins are going to have transaction costs just like credit cards. 
how is it better than credit cards then?
@_date: 2016-12-30 19:35:37
exactly. Great technical solutions which actually dont solve a problem, or solve a major problem but with big flaws, dont get accepted into the market. You cant expect the majority of the users of currency to be very well versed in the technical details of a product, especially if you want to be accepted world-wide. People want simple solution. Case in point: iphone. Its a very complicated product with a very simple interface.
I am not afraid to ask hard questions and to be labelled as a troll or downvoted. :)