@_author: altbekannt
@_date: 2017-01-07 03:48:04


But that's simply not true. It's out there since almost a decade and had it's current peak 3 years ago. Everyone at least heard about it. Yet there seems no real everyday usage apart from it being a virtual commodity.
Apart from that, I can follow you, but you also kind of dodged the core question. like the other guy pointed out I was asking about *progress*. What happened in the last 3 years that justifies it being up 500% again? You say using it as currency comes second. So the only real progress i see is in the marketing strategy, since the first approach to sell it as leading internet currency failed. 
Don't get me wrong. I'm interessted and I try to understand and be on board when it hits 10000 a coin. So I guess I get the gold rush and all that, but I just don't see beyond that. And hands down, "truth protocoll" sounds too thin of an argument to justify a 12 billion euro market as it currently is.
                          
@_date: 2016-12-24 00:25:34
I was way into bitcoin back when it had the first real hype. Around 3 years ago a few friends and I started mining bitcoins and altcoins and we made quite a bit of money.
Some of us kept their coins, some made a small fortune with day trading and i sold everything on the spot. It was back to 400 usd back then and obviously i made a mistake.
But the reason for me to sell was because i only saw bitcoin as an investment. Not as a day to day currency. No interessting big company was adepting. Easy solutions were missing. In short: there was no progress. And tbh honest, i still dont see it. Nobody is really buying their stuff with btc in legal markets.
So i guess my question is: where do you see bitcoin really progressing? Obviously people think btc is worth a lot. But is it really? Nobodys using it. Why should i reinvest in something that only has the value in being invested in? Which is nothing more than a worthless bubble for me. Genuine question: should i really reinvest? Am i missing something?           
@_date: 2013-12-09 12:06:54
I dig the design a lot - awesomely done. But I don't actually get what's the point on tipping money to a guy who's way richer and way more famous than probably everybody in this thread combined. 
edit: a word.