@_author: altcoins
@_date: 2013-11-27 11:05:41
good point If this actually becomes a problem and merged mining doesn't work sha-256 alts may cease to exist.  Good thing there are Scrypt alts to counter balance the problem.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:47:10
You want innovation?  How about Namecoin, decentralized DNS and .bit domains that are virtually impossible to shut down.
"Sour grapes eh, didn't get in early? You're motives and agenda are pretty transparent you know."
And the motivations of the circle jerks that happen here aren't?  I've been around here for a while I know what gets discussed... Talks about buying a brand new sports car with a single bitcoin or the winklevoss twins buying out The Facebook with their bitcoin wealth.  What's the matter afraid the alts might shave a couple billion or more off your market cap?
Let's have the free market decide if your product is so much superior, so much better, and as you say "doesn't have any legitimate competition." Then you got nothing to worry about, but seeing how your nearest competitor is already closing in on 1 billion soon to be ten percent of your market cap (and it may not stop there :D) you might want to start paying attention.
But what do I care, it's not my money.
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:36:57
really and how many $20k asic machines are you going to buy for this pool?
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:20:19
"Perhaps alt coins will stay but I don't see them taking any more than something like 5% of the market in the future. I really don't see any advantage of any of them right now over Bitcoin."
Way more than 5%.  The difference between a bitcoin ATM and a Litecoin ATM is a few lines of code.  If someone doesn't support litecoin for example a competitor will.  When you go to your favorite store VISA and MASTERCARD are always payment options.  In additon AMEX and Discover card are ALMOST always options.  You don't have many retailers that support just one even though they don't have any advantages over each other.
"False. Something like zerocoin has to be tested first. This is peoples money after all."
I agree it's people's money but they have decided against making it a priority/pursuing it and instead pointed to third party tools like mixers and dark wallet etc.  This is the official stance among the btc/ltc development teams I can dig up their exact quotes if you really want me to.
"Every miner can set their own rules for fees. Its a free market and I'm sure some miners will have cheaper fees than others."
Free market without competition?  If there is no competition for bitcoin all miners have to do is charge marginally lower than Credit card transactions.  And obviously you've never heard of "price fixing" before.  The big mining pools (all 4 of them or whatever) can fix a transaction fee price.  Good Game.
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:33:40
Meh figures, at least I tried.  In all reality it'll be their loss.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:47:42
You fail to understand the definition of a worthy competitor.  You say it has no "significant advantages" I say a worthy competitor has no "significant disadvantages".  You strike me as the type that wouldn't startup mastercard because visa already exists or vice versa.
Also nobody is saying to ditch bitcoin completely this isn't an all or nothing thing.  You can diversify your holdings a little bit and still keep however much you want in BTC.
You ask for "sound financial sense?"
Bitcoin growth: +14.29 %
Litecoin growth: +95.54 %
that's a 24 hour period, so financially it makes perfect sense! It's alright, I'm sorry if the 1 btc you purchased for 20 bucks or whatever isn't going to allow you to retire for the rest of your life.
Also 2 years ago one could argue that BTC had nothing going for it to invest in.  Also Coke, Pepsi (and just about every variation cola) share 99 percent of the same ingredients.  Does that mean only the very first cola ever made is legit?