@_author: altcointruther
@_date: 2013-12-14 07:12:24


And that's the *real* shame. 
The Bill Still endorsement attracted a lot of noobs who were not crypto-coin savvy. They did not even *know* the right questions to ask when researching whether this coin had inherent worth or not - they would not be able to distinguish a coin with good dev from a pump and dump. It's very sad. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 07:24:53
That guy in the Bill Still interview -Kolin Evans (aka digitalindustry) was not a quark developer. He was NEVER a bitcoin developer.
Kolin Evans lied. He had nothing to do with development. He is not even on the current volunteer dev teams.
For verification, please see this post: 
@_date: 2013-12-14 07:44:23


That is a **very** important point to make. The Quark community came together and did what needed to be done without being asked to do so. The energy and dedication were amazing to witness.
The community and volunteer devs really put in an honest, admirable effort. Unfortunately, the ship was already sinking before they got on board. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 07:05:31
Basically, there was no real development or development team before the Bill Still interview. The code had not been touched in 5 months. No infrastructure. No nothing.
Kolin Evans was never a "Quark Developer" (as he claimed to be in the Bill Still interview).  That was a lie - Quark "enthusiast" would have been a more appropriate title.
The current dev team consists of volunteers who joined after the Bill Still interview; they never had a chance to mine for any significant portion of Quark. They are expected to *buy* Quarks at current prices if they wish to have an investment.
There is no funding source for these new volunteer developers. They are expected to work for free.
Max, originator, has no interest in Quark leadership or development - would rather relegate such to the community to decide on a consensus basis.
Anyone who points the above out is called a quark 'hater' or 'troll', rather than an investor who has done his due diligence.