@_author: altcryptoaccount
@_date: 2018-01-09 04:40:00
Yes, it’s technically a deflationary currency. In like 120 years or something we’ll stop giving away new bitcoin to miners. But in the meantime we are paying for a massively inefficient operation. $34 million every day is not chump change. And that bitcoin is being traded for fiat to pay for all the ASICS and electricity. 
Yes, most altcoins have this same problem with inflation. I don’t hold them either. There are only a few that I know of that don’t inflate their money supply. 
Yes, if you don’t give away the coin then somebody has to sell it. I figure at least it’s all on the market. A fully distributed coin incentivizes developers to make a great coin and first movers to find and raise the price on a great coin. So at least I’m getting value out of it. 
Overall, however, I agree that current popular initial distribution plans are not ideal. I would like to see more innovation in this area. 
As for the cost of mining, My guess is that Satoshi did not imagine this level of adoption and price increase for bitcoin so quickly. We’re way overpaying for the level of security you get out of mining. Not to mention all the issues with 90% of mining being done by just a few farming business. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 03:33:38
I own some bitcoin but I don’t like holding bitcoin over altcoins because I don’t like the idea of the total supply being constantly diluted by newly mined coins. Holders and buyers are paying the miners $43,000,000 per DAY! That cost is being paid by holders because it comes from dilution/inflation of the money supply. 
The US government uses quantitative  easing to pay for military and bank bailouts. Bitcoin uses it to pay minors. I’d rather my money supply was inflated for miners than military and banks so I’d MUCH rather hold bitcoin than fiat. But not all crypto currencies inflate the supply at all. So I’d rather hold more of them. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 03:00:36
However one bitcoin transaction uses WAAAAY more electricity than an ATM
@_date: 2018-01-09 03:50:00
Sorry I just don’t find that reasoning convincing. Think about it this way... out of all the bitcoin being exchanged for fiat in the last 24 hours I wonder how much of it came from those $34,000,000 in newly minted coins? 
I have no idea where to look for a good estimate of how much fiat flows into bitcoin in a day but I bet the $34 mil being given away to miners is at least comparable or a significant proportion.  
Here’s another way of looking at it. Those of us still in the buying stage of crypto are directly paying for MASSIVE mining operations. Those things cost real money which is coming directly from us exchanging fiat for bitcoin. It’s expensive and inefficient so if I can just skip that whole process and buy a coin that doesn’t have this massive overhead than I might as well. Free market and all. 
I guess I’m feeling kind of bitter. I want bitcoin to succeed. It would be a lot easier if I just had to tell everyone I know about bitcoin and not go into all these altcoins and their strengths and weaknesses. But I’m getting sick of justifying this massive cost that is being paid for by the buyers and new users.