@_author: alti_mira
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:20:47
One more comment...
I spoke about the risk in the Ethereum project. There are times to take risks and times to be careful. Given the nascent technology of blockchains, the stage of the market, the uptake of Bitcoin, the entrepreneurial ecosystem, and the multiple endpoint market potentials, then I have to applaud them for being bold. If this isn't the moment to be bold and ambitious, when is it? When everyone has done it and the market is mature? This is that moment. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 19:17:49
Your comment highlights a broader need for understanding of how the technology addresses the deeper problems of risk. You illustrate that technology cannot change human nature- cheating is part of who we are as humans. We have addressed this for 500 years using rules and regulations. This has demonstrated that we humans are incredibly creative cheaters that are able to work around any rule or regulation.
Counterparty solves this by addressing the risk in the protocol. It is one of the oldest technology risk reduction methods that exists... take the human out of the loop. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 19:08:06
SiliconGuy- The Counterparty platform will not execute a trade unless both parties have the underlying asset. You cannot sell an asset you do not own even if you have a victim willing to buy it. This eliminates the counterparty risk in any transaction on the system. From broadcast to settlement, the Counterparty system eliminates any counterparty risk.
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:48:31
I think it is worth noting that the Counterparty protocol opens and closes and settles positions with precisely Zero (a.k.a. 'nada', nyet, zip, zilch, none) counterparty risk. NO ONE else offers that in the equity markets today. Counterparty has demonstrated that using Bitcoin in the equity market REDUCES the level of overall risk unlike any other equity system or platform.
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:59:30
GREAT question. The fact that no one even considers paper certs has become a quiet and hidden problem. If you were to take the 'float' of all shares of heavily traded companies I would bet you coinburger's 13.880 mBTC lunch (see above) that there are MORE claims than actual issued shares. If everyone in custody departments were compelled to measure their paper certs against all claims... i think THAT would be interesting. This could NEVER happen with Counterparty. It is precise, eliminates any counterparty risk (within its platform) and offers rapid asset creation as well as dividend and even rudimentary voting capabilities. It would be much easier, less risky, less expensive and most accurate to issue and track crytoequity with Counterparty than any other system in the world today.
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:30:51
This is classic hedge fund behavior...
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:52:11
Then your comment is irrelevant. How can you say nonsense to Patrick's comment that With the blockchain (Counterparty utilizes the blockchain) it would be impossible to naked short sell a stock. He is factually correct. Why do you incorrectly assert "Nonsense"? Your logic is errant.
@_date: 2014-07-26 20:38:33
Clear explanation of the blockchain and its potential uses. I appreciate your comments and breadth of knowledge on the topic. I hope that you organize signatures around this comment piece and turn it in for the comment period. I think it makes a great contribution and I would happily sign my name to a comment log for this writing.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:59:01
Interesting assertion regarding your thoughts about Patrick Byrne. So... how long have you been telepathic? You actually KNOW what another person is thinking. Amazing! Can you read my mind now? I hope so , because I cannot type what I really think about your misguided statements.
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:45:25
especially dinosaurs...
FYI... that light above you in the sky is NOT the dawn of a new day for "Wall Street", it is an asteroid... see ya dino!
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:28:25
Is it Proof of Work?
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:56:43
I will type slowly so you can understand better.... (Actually, I am speaking to others so your rhetoric tricks can be exposed for the misleading they aim at. You already are well skilled at misdirection it is clear at this point.)
Using Counterparty, you can not complete a naked short. The protocol will not permit a trade unless each party holds an underlying asset. In the case of a "short", you cannot sell an asset that you do not possess so it is not going to accept the trade into the system. Your everyday strategy will have to be used on the normal, stock exchange. Good luck!
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:07:12
Personally, I don't view Ethereum as a scam at all. It is a technically ambitious project that has a high degree of risk. That is a far thing from a scam. I have been involved with IPOs in the publicly traded markets and have seen those companies cheat people. I think it is clear to anyone, that the current regulations are no guarantee that companies will not swindle us. 
I applaud the Ethereum process that they have run and admire their ambitions. They are very risky, but that is what innovation and growth are all about. If you want low risk, there are tons of ways to invest your money for that.
Also, this is not an "investment". It is a purchase of the tokens that are needed to run their blockchain once it is released. It is also not an "IPO" and think that the use of this term is unfair to the cryptocurrency space as well as the equity capital markets. They are distinct and therefore different.
Lastly, it troubles me to hear personal smears rather than dialogue on the merits of the technology or strategy. I will say that there is nothing in what I have seen Ethereum do that suggests they are acting out of any motive than to develop their technology. 
If NY regulators are savvy enough to do an AMA, then it is likely that they periodically monitor these boards. Screaming "Fire" in a crowded theater is a behavior I imagine they are looking to prevent. It doesn't help us as a whole. If they see thoughtful, organized, clear and transparent process, then they may believe we do not need adult supervision. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 18:51:36
Dam!.... he beet my recerd! Oh well tamorras is yett anothur dae!
@_date: 2014-07-30 19:33:09
I found it telling that the Georgetown professor had ***remarkably unsubstantial rationale*** why Cryptoequity is not a good idea. He is purported to be an expert at the workings of our economic system, yet in his comments (which I read 3x) and I found that he had nothing to say that was remotely related to the "nuts and bolts of the economic system" such as:
* market structure 
* price stability 
* risk mitigation
* macro economic impact of capital markets under stress conditions
* liquidity
* best execution
* price discovery
I reduced his comments on it to the following bullet points:
* "really interesting idea"
* “When you talk about the stock settlement system, you’ve got over 4,000 broker-dealers involved in the process, and it’s not something that’s easy change.”
* naked shorting amounts to selling shares you don’t really have. According to Angel and others, this was a large problem before the 2008 financial crash...
* Angel agrees that a cryptosecurity could close certain market loopholes.
* “There’s some latency in settling a bitcoin trade. It can take anywhere from several seconds to hours to get a transactions completed,” he says. “In a world where people want to trade quickly, putting that kind of a delay into the system could make it a non-starter.”
Is it just me but I did not read ***1*** rational argument from him. The only argument against it I was able to discern was:
* 4,000 broker dealers are hard to change (entrenched and addicted to middleman profits)
* HFT traders will not use it (is that even important to the vast majority of people?)
@_date: 2014-07-26 20:55:14
It is not Turing-complete with a scripting language. The real question is does it need to be? If so, then I don't see why it cannot be done. It works well because it is agile and lean. Not bloated with every what if and gee whiz feature.
It has and continues to do more with far less resources than any other project in the Bitcoin space. Check it out.