@_author: altoidaddict
@_date: 2014-12-01 00:55:10
I'm game : Is there any proof that they are selling info to 3rd parties? Sometimes ( maybe not this time ) a login requirement is a spam deterrent / fraud deterrent. For example a company I deal with recently changed their support policy from ' email to this address ' to ' create a support account here ' because they got sick of their support mailbox being full of cock pill/russian mail order brides/419 and such. 
@_date: 2014-10-26 21:30:20
The ATM did work. OP Admitted that it was working and this was logged, but he omitted it from his report. The problem with the kiosk that eventually showed up was that he was using borrowed wifi - that is he was using a public wifi connection that he did not own nor have permission to use. When it failed , the owner of the borrowed wifi did not allow him to log into the router to troubleshoot and basically wanted him off if it. OP tried to blame the ATM software, and when asked to troubleshoot the wifi ( and was refused access ) it was a litany of ' that's not the problem fix your software ' and so on. Eventually OP went and got his own router , but could not figure out how to set it up, and once again went on an angry chew out because no one could help him figure out what to do ( read : could not read the directions ).  Without a working internet connection the ATM could not communicate with the home system. During the troubleshooting process OP was nasty as can be to the techs, citing his technicial prowess and knowedge and basically calling them idiots constantly. This is typical angry customer behavior as anyone who has been in a support role can tell you , but let's be honest. If you can't tell the difference between a hardened windows 7 install and windows XP you probably are not the best and the brightest in the tech world and probably should not be giving lectures down your nose at anyone. Also calling a support tech on their personal cell phone in the middle of the night to tellthem what an idiot they are is not an endearing move. Then the power issues. Someone was killing the power to the ATM. Despite being shown the windows logs indicating unexpected shutdown, this ' was not happening ' acording to the OP. Eventually OP relented and determined on his own that it was a faulty power supply in the computer. Although there was no evidence to support this, an RMA was offered. That was when the great fight between OP and Jordan started. 
The half-posted email about the API keys and the bitcoin exchange? That was the tail end of a long string of explaining that all you chave to do is use copy and paste to copy a string of numbers from one screen to another. I'm no support technician , but even I would become a little terse after having to explain that over and over again. Copy &amp; paste! I saw a demo of how it is done, and if OP could not figure out control C, control V there are larger issues at stake than the robocoin software. 
The only real problem with the ATM was that it suffered from a problem that caused external devices to intermitently not respond to diagnostics. This was a new problem, and it took a while to figure out. By the time the techs at robocoin and the manufacturing site has were able to recreate the problem in their lab ( which is how they were able to work on it while it suposedly was ' in transit'  ) figured out the problem and made a fix it was 'too late'. One thing that OP failed to mention also was that during a remote troubleshooting session while the techs were logged in with an administrative account, OP killed the remote control software and took control of the ATM making changes that he thought were nessicary that only made things worse. This was followed with another litany of abuse and rude behavior towards the techs. 
Again, a few phone calls, a flight to Vegas , some conversation and the truth comes out. It usually does. 
So in summation,
- While OP did have some legitimate gripes about delays and shipping and so on , OP did not make it any easier by his behavior and attitude which he edited out of what he shared, and failed to mention.
- Despite being advised against it used wifi, and borrowed wifi and blmaed robocoin when it failed, then blamed robocoin again when he could not figure out how to configure a router.
- Made unauthorized changes to the ATM in a very sneaky way
- Made several incorrect technicial assessments and decided that he was right and everyone else was wrong
- When presented with an offer to fix things, rejected it
- Violated the contract left and right. ( I have a copy and have read it) 
- Phome bombed people on their personal numbers at all hours of the night.
- Was a ' problem child ' from start to finish with an arrgoant , entitled, down-the-nose attitute towards people. 
To answer what you said : 
It seems that robocoin did deliver a working unit, which worked for a time and then developed issues that were the fault of the OP not being a technically knowledgeable person and doing some questionable things. When an actual problem with the ATM did appear, they did what they could to make good on it , but their offer of an RMA for the part in question was rejected. When the real source of the problem was found that was likewise rejected. 
Now as I pointed out before , does this excuse how Jordan handled it? Not at all. However the clean cut oh poor me I am telling the truth and was a nice person story that OP presented is not as complete nor as true as he would lead you to believe. Did you expect Jordan to come out and say that the OP was rude , nasty, refused help, violated  the contract and was a pain in the ass the entire time? He fell on his sword for his team as he should, and took responsibility without pointing fingers and did what he had to do to end the conflict with a person who was not knowledgable enough to operate the ATM from both a bitcoin and a technicial perspective. 
About reading comments : 
" You can tell yourself whatever you want to make you feel better about your investment"
But what I said was : 
" my hesitation to invest right now is not based on their product or the rabble-rousing of one disgruntled customer, but on if the company survives the reddit witch hunt."  .. I have not invested yet. I still might. 
Now in light of this , do you think that doxing the company employees, inciting threats of physical violence, naming people as crooks, theives, and scam artists, presenting a one sided incomplete story, and knowingly creating a lynch mob fed by disinformation was the correct way to handle it? 
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:21:49
For those of you who didn't get the email(s), and have never seen a robocoin contract, I decided to translate this wee rant for you. I will quote the original text, and provide the translation in (). 


( Hey everyone, pay attention to me. I'm going to blow this out of proportion and use all caps to show you how important I am. ) 




( I'm going to state the obvious and make you paranoid that someone is going to take your toys away. FUD. ) 


( A few months ago an update to the software was announced. It was announced again. Then when it was released an open call to convert was had. After a month or so a deadline was set. When the deadline arrived a final notice went out. How dare they threaten me like that!? ) 
 all saying he will convert our machine into a login terminal for Jordans own centralised. proprietary, closed source, web based system. This benefits him and his company as it steals YOUR CUSTOMERS and gives him more centralised power.
( All of the complaining customers did about how horrible the system was resulted in changes to improve the things that needed help. The new system works similar to the old system , you can still set your buy and sell vig. but you don't have to wait for transactions to clear exchanges or suffer when network connections fail or exchanges go down. So you still make money, the customers get a faster and better experience, and many of the problems I complained about have been fixed. I don't like this.  ) 


( I won't mention the fees I charge, because that would tarnish my freedom loving roots. The spirit of me making money is the one true freedom I cherish and I don't like having to comply with laws. So what if robocoin decided to give in and comply. I don't want to so they can't because I say so and robocoin has to do what I want them to do or I'll hold my breath until I turn blue on reddit )






( I took the advice Jordan gave me in the email that he sent after I refused to convert to the new software. He said that if I don't want to comply I could go talk to Lamassu, and gave me a link and an email to them. How dare he! ) 






( I am technically inept and can't do any of this myself so I need someone to do it for me like I needed robocoin to do everything for me. If it doesn't work the way I want it to, I'll make another reddit cry and I will keep doing that until someone makes it work for me because I don't know an IP address from a zip code. ) 


( I was told that if I did not allow robocoin to convert my systems to the new software, they would invoke the clause in the contract I signed that states that they can terminate my service if I don't upgrade to their new software. Then on the night of the deadline they terminated my service! Well I'm going to turn my machines off in protest! That will show them! 
There's another clause that says they own the software and can update it at any time, without warning but they gave me months of notice instead! How dare they! How dare they expect me to honor a contract I signed! I want a do-over! Lots of companies decide to support their end of life software forever for free! Why can't robocoin? )


( I am going to try to bully them into reviving end of life software and accuse them of bullying people to make them look bad. I'm clever! I bet lots of people will turn off their machines and stop making money to support me. I can be the next Che` and get my face on a t-shirt! ) 


( Please talk about this on reddit so I can look important and cutting edge, and perhaps even fuel the fire that people with legitimate complaints had and ride on their bandwagon. I can be one of the cool kids! ) 




( I am so full of shit I cry brown tears ) 
@_date: 2014-10-25 21:11:17
In reality he did get it up and running, and admitted it. The unit was tested prior to being shipped. and there is so much more to the story if people only cared to do a little investigating, a couple of phone calls, and some handshakes in person. You were given 1/2 of the story and a heavily edited one at that. For the lulz. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 04:23:36
Actually there is. The problem is no one is fact checking. They just grabbed torches and pitchforks and ran with it. It's like any other he said - she said story. Both sides have some of the truth , and only share the parts that make them look good. This is the problem with vigilante justice. Often times people get carried away or incite people who get carried away and bad things happen. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:43:25
Well after the OP doxed jordan and his team, I think turnabout is fair play. I'd like to see their inboxes right about now. B00M!
@_date: 2014-11-22 06:39:53
How long till bitcoin shows up in Portlandia? 
@_date: 2014-11-09 21:54:22
That pretty much sums it up. All you have to do is fabricate , leave some info out, and scream about it and you will get a bunch of people following you on reddit like a herd of sheep with torches and pitchforks. It's kinda sad. Problem is too many people bend over to this tactic and don't make a stand so it works. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:22:23
You know what's funny to me? Watching people take one side of the story and run for pitchforks and torches. Jordan bozo-botched the apology , and for sure needs to make good for what happened, but he didn't give out details of what lead this to be the monster that it is. A little research and I was able to poke holes in the OP's story that everyone is accepting as gospel. At best this is one sided 'justice' and is more like a Salem witch trial than any kind of court. As I mentioned in my other comment.... once cooler heads prevail and a little research is done people might change their minds a bit, but it will be too late because judge jury and executioner have already done the deed. My position to buy a robocoin ATM is hesitant not because of the company or it's reputation, but on if it survives this vigilante lynch mob. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 07:33:46
The bad deal : 
Two idiots who know nothing about bitcoin acting as if they know something about bitcoin. 
The Scam : 
Not paying a mining fee , and expecting instant service. When they don't get it they throw a tantrum. 
Leave out that the individual operator sets the fees, and blame robocoin for dumb decisions made by the person who bought the ATM.
No fact checking, no real review, no understanding of how to use something. I'd hate to see them try to use a Lamasu kiosk. They might hurt themselves. 
The Idiocy : 
People who believe this video running around screaming about what a ripoff it is when they have never laid a hand on a robocoin atm, and anyone trying to explain is labeled a shill. 
Pathos, thy name is internet. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 00:25:50
"... the deleted posting of a scared animal backed into a corner who has just been beaten and is admitting to anything anyone says so that the beatings will stop. Jordan is like a puppy licking the collective hand of reddit and whimpering so that maybe he won't get another crack across the face with a rolled up newspaper."
In social engineering and in PR people tend to be told to defuse the situation quickly and without further conflict. He did say that there was fault on both sides , but did not go on to finger pointing, and accusations, which would have made it a huge fight that drags on. Besides, since when does an angry mob listen to anything after the fact? 
Admit you were wrong, make reparations, and wait for it to blow over. Path of least resistance. That's the path he took. When you are doxed, lied about, threatened with violence , and the collapse of your company you end the conflict as quickly as possible and learn your lesson. He's not the good guy, anyone can see that. He made some mistakes. The thing is people are running on the assumption that OP is this angelic poor soul who was horribly treated and ripped off. The reality is the OP was an abusive, lying , uncooperative , inexperienced and technologically ignorant customer ... and Jordan handled it badly, dropped the ball several times, and when he tried to make good on it his offer was thrown in his face when he was legally not obligated to do anything. The answers to his offers to fix the issues, and the initial refund offer ( cost -$5k ) was answered with inciting a mob to trash his name, reputation, employees, and a heavily edited version of events. In short he was scared, and made some bad decisions, that compounded and put him in a situation where the only option was to fall on his sword and take the loss. 
Does it sound like I think he was the good guy? Does it sound like I think either of them were the ' good guy ' ? There were no good guys in this situation. It was a clash of an inexperienced businesskid who made a mess of a bad situation , and a tech/bitcoin inexperienced  customer who needed someone to blame , and had to rely on lying to a mob to get what he wanted.
@_date: 2014-10-29 01:25:21
@_date: 2014-11-22 06:29:04
Just be glad they abandoned the 'mushroom stamp' scanner in beta. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 01:19:11
"Any concerns this dynamic can be twisted into extorting concessions from upstanding businesses when in fact there has been no wrongdoing? 
Yes, but those concerns got downvoted, quickly. 
"Could a scammer take a fabricated case to the community and force a business to comply even though they've done nothing wrong? "
Yes, but also a person who is not legally entitled to anything can raise a fuss here and force a business to roll over and give in. 
"Of course, the business that's being attacked could mount a defense and demonstrate the attack is false, but will it be less expensive and time-consuming just to give the extortionist what they want? "
Yep. Jordan did. Granted hew was not 100% innocent, but he and his team were not 100% guilty either, and OP was a master craftsperson with their information.
"I'd hate to see things devolve into mob mentality. "
Too late.
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:43:07
Little Jonny bitcoin threw a mighty fit.
He didn't get his way and he decided that was it.
He didn't like the contract , the one that he did sign.
He didn't like the way he didn't get his wishes every time.
Little johnny hatched a plan , he'd throw a mighty fit.
He'd tell some lies and cry some cries and post it on reddit.
Little Johnny hoped that people on the net would hear his cry.
They would rally 'round , give him a crown and call him a good guy.
Little johnny sells no more coin and alas will cry no more.
His partner bought him out, and kicked his ass straight out the door. 
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:23:47
Ask robocoin for a copy of the contract. I did. I also read it over with my lawyer. That's why I'm laughing at this whole 'scandal'.
@_date: 2014-10-25 03:02:05
"Absolutely nothing that they have said is false." -- well when you consider how carefully edited it all was and the things that were left out, yeah I can see how that kind of position is defensible. As far as slander goes though there is plenty of slander out there, just not by the OP. That's one of the benefits of being a rabble-rouse. Other people do your dirty work and your hands stay clean. A little digging ( very little ) and you can find out what parts of the story were omitted.
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:16:42
The onus for keeping the ATM filled is on the operator, not robocoin. You can yell and scream at robocoin all you want ( support ) but they will just tell you the person responsible for the ATM is slacking off and there's nothing they can do about it other than call them. 
If it's on the v2 system you can transfer your coin out of their wallet to anywhere else and cash it out through another system. 
@_date: 2014-10-25 21:21:37
Food for thought : When you are dealing with a machine that is breaking down, and is several thousand miles away, a company might just have a machine local to them  ( say in their tech shop ) that they use to try to re-create the problem and work towards solving it regardless if the machine that had the issue is on , off, in transit or halfway around the world. Anyone consider that? 
@_date: 2014-10-25 20:57:45
"After trying to settle the issue privately, the victim came to the community. He was transparent, he neutrally and objectively stated the facts of the exchange and the perceived wrong, and he didn't leave any important details out."
Not true. Sadly no one is doing any serious looking, just going with the crowd. 
@_date: 2014-11-07 18:39:19
I did it in another thread. Last time I reposted the thread I got neg karma. Just keep reading, you'll find it. 
If you want to save yourself some time, do what I did. Fly out to Vegas and have a sit down. 
@_date: 2014-10-26 06:20:47
In the future, you might want to get the whole story before commenting. See here's the rub : OP committed one of the oldest lies : the lie of omission. What he handed out was a carefully edited version of his side of the story. Naturally Jordan is not going to challenge that in open combat. It would only hurt him more. What Jordan said ( and deleted. Very stupid ) confirmed what OP said in so much as what OP said. The things that OP lied about made ME skeptical, so I did a little digging, which was made easier by OP, and what I found was that OP left out many things  that would make him look bad, edited what he shared , and basically pulled A fast one on reddit. Now Jordan , in true johnny-come-lately-to-business style fumbled the ball like he plays for Dallas but OP failed to tell the whole story and in some cases made exagerated or flase claims. It doesn't take much to find this out. 
Again you are taking OP on faith 'confirmed' by the deleted posting of a scared animal backed into a corner who has just been beaten and is admitting to anything anyone says so that the beatings will stop. Jordan is like a puppy licking the collective hand of reddit and whimpering so that maybe he won't get another crack across the face with a rolled up newspaper. Is he guilty? Of course. He is guilty of being an inexperienced waffling weak handed businessman who pissed off a customer. Is he a criminal? A scam artist? A fly by night robber? No. Is the product complete crap? No. Did OP lie and omit facts about his experience to create an angry mob? You bet. Confirmation? You are reading a he said/she said internet exchange. Me? A few phone calls, a flight to Vegas, a few handshakes and conversations with the people involved, and a few drinks at the bar while contemplating investing in Robocoin. As I said in a comment in the main thread ; my hesitation to invest right now is not based on their product or the rabble-rousing of one disgruntled customer, but on if the company survives the reddit witch hunt. It just makes me sad to see such a tight knit, intelligent, and powerful community acting like a half-cocked lynch mob. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:18:44
You're going to find that well researched facts are not really welcome here. If you want to gain any foothold you have to type in all caps, make broad sweeping assumptions, and follow the crowd. Hating on jordan is about the only thing people can agree on, and that's pretty much opinion. No one has brought any proof of scam artist/money stealing/partying on other people's money. There has been proof he's not the best businessman in the world, and he is to PR what Bill Clinton is to women's rights, but a thief and a criminal? Not a scrap. Still it's fun to sit in the stands and make fun of the kid who fell running the race. That's the American way. 
@_date: 2014-10-25 21:31:56
You are assuming that the OP is telling the whole truth, on nothing but faith. What is wrong with you? :) Ps : He isn't. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:33:37
That's a good way to be. Keep it up. 
@_date: 2014-10-25 02:51:29
Actually it's not a jab. It's a hint at the truth of what happened. People are starting to do a little fact finding and slowly the rest of the story is coming out. 
@_date: 2014-12-08 06:35:36
Sorry, but .... 
- Robocoin doesn't charge fees, the people who bought and operate the robocoin kiosk do, and they can set it to anything they want. It's not controlled by robocoin. I've seen everything from 5% to 20% set by people who bought the kiosks, but for some reason people think robocoin is responsible for this. 
- It doesn't matter if you are using a robocoin ATM or anything else, if you don't include a miners fee you will wait, and wait, and wait....
- Who cares about 99% of the world, if you are going to step in front of a camera and pretend to be knowledgable enough about something to teach other people you should understand what you are talking about.
- What I expect is that if you are going to review something, you have at least the basic knowledge of the topic, which these two jackwagons clearly don't. They seem to be the kind of people who went through the 80's with flashing 12's on their VCRs. 
- I say it's a scam because anyone who has spent at least 10 minutes reading the wikipedia article on bitcoin knows what the miners fee is for and what happens if you don't pay it. These two are like ' what's this? I dunno , oh well it sucks ' without even having that base knowledge. Saying that something sucks without even understanding the basic operation of it .. and expecting people to respect your opinion is a scam. They get the clickthroughs and ad revenue, bitcoin gets a black eye , and people thrive on misinformation. 
I won't reduce to calling personal insults. You can play that game. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 04:37:36
And that's the really sad part - if you actually go to robocoin and get a copy of their contracts and read what they agreed to you would see that OP did break the contract in several places. That does not forgive robocoin for their wrongs both professional/personal and business, but it does show that when you don't have a legal leg to stand on you can always rabble-rabble-rabble on the internet and make trouble. 
Cooler heads will prevail, thinking people will do some investigating, and someone will come up with a unbiased best estimate of what really happened and that will be that. It's one thing to post pictures of Jordan and accuse him of spending people's money partying , it's another to sit down with him and his partners and ask what happened and compare it to the Reddit, and make an informed conclusion. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 06:29:51
There's a robocoin on the strip in the bodega next to the Harley-Davidson cafe. It's the one I use when I'm in Vegas. It's on v2 and last I checked it was working. 
@_date: 2014-11-14 05:10:01
When you are going against a lynch mob, this is the kind of behavior you should expect. Seemingly screwed people around has turned into unbased accusations of being a scam artist and a criminal. It's not the fault of the company that he for some reason refuses to take a stand and defend himself or the company. Sadly now every 50 cent cowboy who has a problem if it's with robocoin or not ( like if they have a problem with their exchange ) thinks that they can threaten to come on to reddit if they don't get their way. It's really sad, but as Bad Religion said " This is the way of the modern world " 
@_date: 2014-12-06 09:39:40
Not only does he not pay a miners fee, they clearly have no idea how bitcoin works, and they this was filmed against the version 1 software that was replaced with the v2 software that doesn't have these issues. Glad to see more sensible people on reddit coming to this conclusion instead of running around screaming ' scammers!!11!1oneoneone '
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:06:22
One reason ( and by all means not the only ) is to provide some kind of stability and security for instant transactions. It seems Orwellian , but when you have had to deal with people whose transactions get fouled up when an exchange 404's or times out and their instant response is "OMG Y R U RIPPING ME OFF THIEF WHERE R MY COINZ?!?!!111oneone!1 I M GONG TO REDDIT TO DESTR0Y YOU!!11!!" you look for any answer that will stop you from having to explain to the  DeVry graduates how the internet works. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:48:14
You mean the guys who didn't pay a mining fee and complained that it too too long? Or the other guy who didn't know what a bitcoin was. Tech friendly? Maybe in an atari 2600 kinda way. When I heard them crying about how long it took and then go ' what's a mining fee?  ' I was too busy loling to listen to the rest of it. This was like abbot and costello try to buy bitcoin. I swear they were probably expecting coins to come out of it. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:59:12
Too bad it's working perfectly, eh? I dunno about you armchair guys, but I made a point to stop by their booth and see what's up. Stood in line for a bit and watched it work for about 5-6 people before it was my turn. Then I went over to see that automated 3d printed clothing exhibit. Fun times. Tell ya one thing , the sell fee the operator had on it was far less than the normal bank ATM fees at the convention center. That's pure highway robbery. 