@_author: altstogether
@_date: 2019-06-19 22:29:51
it isn't great,   
we are working on a new exchange... our hot wallet and cold wallet can authenticate in real time... so all wallets are immune from cyber attack!  
@_date: 2019-05-28 15:35:12
I have not answered the other, about electromagnetic - passed on to our dev for the answer, so I can add it to the list to be able to answer in the future (im not the dev).  But part of the insider attack is the authenticating appliance is to be located in high security data centre called "the bunker" (old Nuclear Bunker) that has ex military on guard.  This may be part of the answer, to prevent access to the device. And not knowing where it is.
Even if they got access to the device, it has systems in place internally to further encrypt data, and power off (even drilling the case). The information on the device alone is encrypted as a hash under normal operation  
To power up it requires M of n to start of trusted key people, in addition to make changes, re-authorise accounts etc etc,
@_date: 2019-05-28 15:17:18
Hi   
The security aspect of the exchange is going to be a priority.
I am no means the back end dev, but I do have some answers to the security side from him, further questions and relpies I can get and post as answered by him
The authenticating security appliance is our USP, and able to use it for cold wallet creation is instantaneous. The security critical side of the appliance is not physically connected to the network or internet,  being air gapped and therefor is immune from cyber attack. It has also has been threat-tested for insider threats, ransomware and account takeover.  
He is a cyber security specialist with 22 years experience of contracting, principally within the financial services and Central gov, with special interest in AWS cloud, devops, cryptogrhaohy, HSMs,PKI, blockchain, cryptocurrency.
  
AWS- certified solutions architect,   
@_date: 2019-05-28 15:27:32
1. Implementing this into it is our plan, but if legal steps force us to change in the future this will be readdressed.
2. (something we will certainly look into)
3. It will be Minimal Viable product on launch, But ongoing features added as requested
4. API access will be part of the MVP as above.
5. No fiat to begin with due to FCA regulations in UK, and this will be addresses upon launch and with any profits. But would be looked into as needed.
6. DarkPool and OTC trading will be available in the near future after launch.
7. Yes, this is annoying!!
8. We have not discussed this yet, but taken on board for when we do.
9. I like this idea, we have not thought of this. Thanks
10. This will be taken not of for sure..
11. Okay noted.
12. I agree, whether this has an impact on Anonymous trading/Accounts would be something we could look into and explain reasons then?
Hope that helps?