@_author: alwaysinmyhead
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:53:03
Firstly, that's only true if you work with a shitty bank. Find a better one, there's a lot of them out there.
Secondly, this is easily avoided by not doing a currency conversion during the transfer. It's quite easy to open an account that holds foreign currency in the US. Of course, you still have to convert your currency at some point, and there will be a cost to that, but that's true no matter what system you use, even with Bitcoin, as there is a natural bid/ask spread in currency conversions.
Seriously, this is done thousands of times a day. It's really not as difficult as people make it out to be.
Bitcoin is useful for many things. Making up magical unicorn properties doesn't do anybody any favors.
@_date: 2014-01-01 18:12:30
You conveniently left out the methods (and associated costs) of getting your funds into and out of MtGox. Maybe we should use an international wire transfer? You know, one wire to get the EUR in, one to the USD out. That's two wire transfers. For sure, those must be cheaper than one single wire transfer directly, right?
And while we're at it, MtGox currently has a 4-6 month wait on paying out USD (good luck having your life savings in limbo for 6 months). So maybe we should transfer the BTC over to Coinbase to cash out the USD faster? Oh, wait, there is a transfer fee? And there are limits on how much Coinbase will let me cash back out per day? What if the BTCUSD exchange rate drops in the meanwhile? And the BTCUSD exchange rate on Coinbase is much lower than on MtGox, so I just lost another few percent? Oh, and there is another 1% fee from Coinbase?...I could go on, but basically your example was a beautiful paper example, but is not applicable in the real world.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:19:20
But now you are talking about the value of money over time, which isn't the concern for your transfer. You'd have that issue even if you transferred that money using Bitcoin now.
If you simply consider Bitcoin to be a "transfer protocol", then the essential question is, "what is the most efficient transfer protocol for my funds in this specific situation?" And the answer to that question is not Bitcoin. Simple as that. That doesn't mean Bitcoin is bad, or that Bitcoin isn't useful. But in this case, Bitcoin is not the optimal solution.
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:34:25
And once again someone is perpetuating the myth that transferring large sums of money internationally is expensive. 
Is there a club or training course where you get told these myths? I might want to join, just for the amusement.
Go to your bank, ask for an international wire transfer (SWIFT). Total cost about $25. No other fees, regardless of amount of money transferred.
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:57:26
I'm sorry, but that's not how it works. You seem to have zero concept of purchasing power.
You don't "lose" 10% just because there is a conversion rate between USD and AUS. One is Apples the other Oranges. If one Apple costs two Oranges, you can't say you lost "half an Apple" because you had to trade two Oranges in to get one Apple. Your purchasing power remains the same, because one Apple is two Oranges, and having one Apple is the same as having two Oranges.
@_date: 2014-01-01 03:13:18
The currency exchange rate issue is a red herring, because it happens regardless of the transfer method.
If you do AUS -&gt; BTC -&gt; USD you still have a currency conversion cost, as the forex rates are inherently baked into the BTC price vs. the local currency. Just look at the BTC market rates and do the math.
The reason I suggested transferring without an exchange is that depending on the circumstances, it can actually be favorable to exchange the currency in the destination country. This is more often the case when transferring USD out of the US (because banks in other countries like getting USD, and as a result may offer favorable exchange rates over banks in the US), but it may hold true in reverse as well, depending on the currency and bank in question. This takes some research, but is clearly worth the effort when you talk about moving larger sums of personal money.


Not comparative cheaply. That's the unicorn property. It's not cheap, especially in large quantities. It's risky (as the BTC rates fluctuate much more rapidly than regular forex rates), it has much more difficult tax and legal implications, and most importantly doesn't have the liquidity and market depth to allow movement of larger amounts. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 08:08:00
Unfortunately financials don't work that way. "Random Walk" is not just a metaphor or lack of knowledge. A lot of proven math (some of the same math used for Bitcoin) can be used to prove that for financial pricing "past behavior does not predict future behavior".
Alternatively, let me give you a simple example to ponder: if you roll a dice a number of times, and you get the series 3,5,1,4...next time you roll a 3, do you think that the past rolls are in any way a predictor of what will happen next (i.e. after rolling a 3, will you again get 5,1,4)?
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:50:44
Gold: a physical good with inherent utility outside the financial purposes. Also pretty and shiney, making it desirable even before the concept of money was understood.
Bitcoin: Just a bunch of zeroes and ones, deriving their inherent value from a mutual understanding and agreement on use of those numbers, which ease transactions in a digital world.
Gold: Price discovery possible through a very broad range of financial instruments, from actual physical trading of the good, trading of "ownership documents" of the good, options, derivatives, exotic instruments. Also allows for a number of ways to bet against the value, resulting in higher price stability. 
Bitcoin: Currently can only be traded by itself. Extremely limited ability to bet against (short). No options, derivatives or exotics. Resulting price discovery driven primarily by speculation and hoarding. 
As a result, comparing the two based on a chart is completely missing that the underlying forces driving the chart are completely different and mostly unrelated.
I can probably also find you a chart that shows growth of some mushroom in a wild forest somewhere in the backcountry of the Ukraine, which looks strikingly similar to the Bitcoin chart. Yet, I am quite convinced BTC has not figured out how to influence growth of fungus quite yet.
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:12:06
Task: Google "correlation"
Task: Google "causality"
Task: Google "cognitive bias"
@_date: 2013-11-14 13:55:44
Vertical? So you stack the humans on top of each other?
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:02:37
I don't think there is a response from a proper authority yet, but that's partially because Krugman threw out a slew of different attacks, each requiring a whole separate response with proper citations and counter arguments.
And while I disagree with Krugman on a number of points raised, and agree on the core of others, what bothers me most is exactly how unorganized his attack was. As a published scientist (yes, economics is a science, even if a lot of folks can't get that through their skulls), he really should know better. His entire piece read like the temper tantrum of a teenager, which makes it difficult to counter effectively, and just plays into the infantile pseudo-scientific circlejerk that often comes when attempting to discuss Bitcoin seriously.
@_date: 2013-11-26 02:05:09
For some reason your Site consistently crashes my iPad Safari browser (iOS7).
@_date: 2013-12-30 18:46:05
Thank you! I was starting to wonder if I was the only person paying attention to bylines anymore. The author of this article is about as reliable as a resource on economics as the president of the flat-earth society is on cosmology. That doesn't make Krugman right, but it makes it impossible to take this "endightment" seriously.
When did Forbes switch to an "anybody can blog and publish with us" format? Wasn't one Seeking Alpha enough?
@_date: 2013-12-07 13:07:53
51% attack is the wrong approach. If you're in with the US government and you want to completely disable Bitcoin, you have several relatively "easy" options:
1. Outlaw parts or all of it. This may not kill it, but certainly drive it underground. Especially if you declare interacting with Bitcoin exchanges illegal ("supports terr'ists") and simply follow up on any fiat transfers to/from an exchange. Or, if you are really clever, simply tax the hell out of it. Kills the benefit and brings in revenue!
2. Also interestingly, you could simply detect any communication of the Bitcoin protocol on the main Internet trunk lines, and suppress transmission. Bitcoin could change the protocol, but the cat-and-mouse game over detecting and suppressing any Bitcoin traffic would probably go on long enough to drive to price very low in the US.
3. "Poison the well". Cryptography experts are still working through possible attack vectors of the Bitcoin protocol. Unquestionably there are ways to affect the network adversely even outside a 51% attack. Just look at what happens every time a major exchange gets DDoS'ed. Take the processing power of the NSA and start attacking exchanges, while simultaneously inserting poisoned transactions into the system to throw off the miners, and you have utter chaos on your hands. End result is highly suppressed pricing.
4. Market cap of all BTC is ~$10B at the moment. And we know some percentage of BTC is lost, or inaccessible for other reasons. Buy up as much BTC as you can, then either destroy it all, or dump it all, depending on market reaction.
@_date: 2013-11-12 05:01:16
The problem with your main argument is, that it is self defeating. That's not to say that I disagree with the premise or moral objective, but the logic behind it simply doesn't work out. Let me explain:
1. Arguing that the distribution if wealth is unfair, concentration of wealth is too high, and it should be rebalanced is equal to you arguing that your personal purchasing power needs to significantly be reduced vs. the rest of the world. As it turns out, you are actually in the top percentage as well. Maybe not the top 1%, but most definitely in the top 10%. I can that say this with such certainty, without even knowing you, simply by the fact that you have a means to access the Internet, have time to waste on Reddit, and have funds to invest in a new experimental crypto-currency. In other words, all of us here are "the 1%" when viewed by most of the world. That's because the "western world" currently has a significant portion of the planet's wealth aggregated. "Fair redistribution" would hence mean that your standing (purchasing power) vs. the rest of the world should be significantly reduced.
2. The currency used to express wealth is independent of the actual accumulation. Let's say everyone switched to using BTC tomorrow. While it may result in some new elite, and some old elite would lose their status, overall society would still need to utilize the services provided by those who have managed to accumulate fiat wealth now. You'd still go to Walmart and make the Walton's richer. You'd still want buy an entertainment device and make Apple, Microsoft or Sony richer. Etc. most of the "wealthy" have accumulated their wealth by providing services that the rest of the world consumed. Then they used their accumulated wealth in their favor to further the accumulation. That basic principle won't change, regardless of the currency used to enable the transactions.
3. One of your arguments is that the "newly rich" in this new world would want to spend their wealth in order to consume, and as a result the wealth would automatically redistribute and balance the equation. This is the equivalent to the "trickle down economy" the GOP has been pushing for decades now. Unless you are a staunch Republican, you will most likely agree that history shows it doesn't work that way. Those who accumulate wealth of any form will most of the time have an advantage over those who have not, and will on average, continue to accumulate wealth while increasing the gap between themselves and those less fortunate.