@_author: ambivalent_toaster
@_date: 2014-07-27 09:56:19
Only because he was issued a federal arrest warrant. State laws aren't enforceable internationally.
EDIT: Also, Kim Dotcom is not, and was never, a New Zealander. He was granted residency, but not citizenship.
EDIT2: I also apologise if my tone sounds excessively combative. It's not intended to be.
@_date: 2014-07-27 12:52:38
I see your point, and I think we were talking at cross-purposes then (which is probably my fault).
The scenario I had envisioned was that I, as a foreigner, would sell something to you, as a New York resident, in an otherwise legal manner, but fail to keep the records required by the NY law. Under such circumstances, I would suffer no legal consequences from my failure to do so, except for, perhaps, being barred from vending my product in New York.
To the extent that the law determines what can and cannot legally be sold in NY, of course NY law applies, and what you say about international pressure and the web of commerce is entirely correct.


If that is indeed the case, then it is important to fight this kind of law. However, I'm skeptical that this would form a template for the rest of the world. For example, I am close personal friends with politicians in both my native New Zealand and my adopted European home (the result of a politically active life), and I can safely say that US law has a minimal impact on the political landscape in both of these countries, with some limited exceptions.
What leads you to believe in this "templating" effect?


I don't dispute this at all. I think the NY law is not good, and ought to be fought.
@_date: 2014-07-27 08:31:21


Hold the phone, you need to explain this a little more. If I sell something to a person in New York - say a software download - how could I possibly be required to comply with a New York law when I live completely outside their jurisdiction? 
@_date: 2014-07-27 10:34:07


Yeah, so here's my issue with that: it's completely untrue. Some federal offences are included in treaties which may, in **very limited circumstances**, allow other countries, usually at their discretion, to subject someone to extradition.
If New York has a law regarding bitcoins, and I complete a transaction with that person which is governed by New York law, that law has no jurisdiction over me in Switzerland (where I live at present). There is no domestic law where I live that requires me to comply with a New York regulation.
