@_author: amerisnob
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:55:40
You're just making it easier for me this way. 
Here's a nice scenario. Let's assume ancap society exists. I become rich enough to buy a large tract of land and all the police, courts, and jails in that large area. Am I not an absolute ruler at that point? If so, why wouldn't I be if my tract of land was only the size of my house and front yard? 
When one claims to own a piece of land, they claim dominion over it (usually with a gun), right? How is that different from a government? 
Private property involves becoming a ruler over a piece of land, however large or small. Therefore, anarchy cannot have private property. Therefore, anarchy cannot have capitalism.  
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:30:27
You choosing not to see them as rulers in a  hierarchy doesn't make it so. 
Capitalism is a clear hierarchy: one small class owns the means of production and gets paid in profits, and one large class is hired to work with them and is paid in wages.
I mean, come on. Basic business management textbooks are all about various hierarchical structures. 
@_date: 2013-05-13 16:10:56
So you agree with me that all private property ownership is based on the ability of one to enforce said ownership with the threat of violence? 
If defense is so valuable in such a society, wouldn't the price for a defense agency by high enough so as to be cost-prohibitive for the common person? It already is in the current system, so there's no reason to believe it won't be in AnCap system.
And what is preventing the monopolization of defense agencies in AnCap society? Nothing. Not free markets. Not your flimsy non-aggression principle which can be ignored by anyone at anytime at no consequence given enough funds and enough guns. Nothing.
This is your ideal society? This is the best you can come up with?
There are simply too many pitfalls which prevent the absence of governmental entities in capitalism. At the absolute best you have the enforcement of private property by an individual, which is minarchism rather than anarchism.
@_date: 2013-05-13 05:48:49
And if enough people called your views "pickeled shit" enough times, would you accept the "pickled shit" label?
Of course not, because the phrase "pickeled shit" has a specific meaning, that being fecal matter preserved in vinegar or brine. The literature and history of the pickling process and the academic field of scatology would agree with my stance.
The literature on anarchism, history of anarchist movements and the *translation of the Greek words which give anarchy its name* (an = without, archos = rulers) similarly agree that anarchism is specifically anti-hierarchy. Since capitalism is pro-hierarchy, anarchy must be anti-capitalism.
@_date: 2013-05-13 15:26:04
But if I'm rich enough to buy the courts, jails and police in the area, what is to stop me from forcibly converting the area to a pseudo-feudalist system? What can you do, sue me? In my court? I'll have you thrown in my jail by my police officers.
@_date: 2013-05-13 14:57:55
Let's try this again.
Assume I own and operate a piece of land in AnCap society. I enforce my ownership of this land with the threat of violence, and monopolize violence on that piece of land. I allow others to live on that land, but they must pay some form of rent, plus fees for what they do on my land. I prohibit certain activities from happening on my land, and enforce that with the threat of violence or eviction.
Assume we live in the current society now. Government owns and operates a piece of land. They enforce their ownership of this land with the threat of violence, and monopolize violence on that piece of land. They allow others to live on that land, but they must pay some form of property taxes, plus other taxes for what they do on their land. They prohibit certain activities from happening on their land, and enforce that with threat of violence or deportation.
There is no functional difference. Let's face it. Private property ownership requires some form of governance with a monopolization of violence, therefore capitalism requires government (whether it be large like the ones that exist or simply someone with their gun on their front lawn). Capitalists can be minarchists at best, but not anarchists.
