@_author: americanscream
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:35:37


Robbery?  That's a bit dramatic isn't it?
@_date: 2019-07-16 15:17:33
He said "blockchain gives you a great deal amount of security."
I'm struggling to wonder what he means by that?   The blockchain isn't private.  So it's not that kind of security.  Blockchain isn't 100% immutable either.
@_date: 2019-07-30 00:42:19
I don't know if you're aware but giving "something of value" to government agents as a means to influence them in their job, is considered "attempted bribery" whether you call it a "donation" or not.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:40:46
Basically speaking, if a portion of the community decides a change to the blockchain is acceptable, then it gets changed.  Blockchain does change based on factors other than the chain data - the block sizes and other components can change.
If there's not a consensus on the change, that's when it's called a "fork".  And basically, depending how the fork gets named and who calls which version which name, is a function of the community.  It can go either way.   Right?   BTC may be accepted by more people, but some might argue that BCH is the original blockchain right?  It just depends upon what people think?  Isn't this the basis of crypto value in the first place?  It's what people will pay for what unit?  It's what blockchain people have more confidence in?  Is public opinion immutable?
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:14:10


I'm going to write what I wrote before because the basic logic of this continues to escape you:
The "fork" of BTC/BCH was a "change in the blockchain".  That's was its most distinctive feature.  And because of that, it was called a "fork."  But it's still basically a point in the BTC blockchain where there were two different sets of data at a particular point.  
Keep in mind, it was convenient of the BTC fork to call themselves BCH. They didn't have to. They could have continued to call themselves BTC/Bitcoin as well. The fork was simply a continuation of the blockchain at a point where data changed (aka "the blockchain mutated").
If you want to label this "blockchain change" a "hard fork" and say it is something entirely different, you can.  You can also call ketchup, "a tomato fork".
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:20:46
Everything I posted was factual.
You are seriously projecting dude.  You are the one who is retarded.  You are the one who changed the argument to something other than what I said.  I argued about whether "blockchain is 100% immutable".  Multiple other people have agreed that forking constitutes a "mutation" of the blockchain.   Multiple other people have also acknowledged that a 51% attack is possible (note.. none of us said it was probable).  You keep arguing against a strawman.  You keep trying to shift the point of the argument to something different than what we are talking about.  And you keep hurling insults when none of your other emotional appeals find a target.
Just stop.  You're only embarrassing yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:20:45
True.  But the "available energy" varies dramatically between those two objectives.
For example, all it takes to perform a 51% attack on the blockchain isn't necessarily a certain amount of energy or an increase, but merely the re-arranging of existing resources under a central control.  
In contrast, to time travel, it would take a certain amount of energy, something that we may not actually be able to produce and execute right now.
If half the nodes on the blockchain dropped out right now, and the other half were controlled by one group, they could instantly begin to re-shape the blockchain.
Is that likely?  Probably not.
However, think about it like this...
When the Internet came along, it was heralded as a *de-centralized network, incapable of being taken down in an attack*.  Because of so many disparate nodes comprising the network, it was supposed to be robust and not under any single special interests' control.
Fast forward 15 years later... the Internet is completely different.  Now a half dozen telcos control 90% of the traffic.  A half dozen corporations control the vast majority of content and where people focus their attention.  Facebook, Amazon and Google can "51% attack" the Internet if they want.
@_date: 2019-07-16 21:14:15


You said "Yes" blockchain is 100% immutable.
That's not true.
And then you backpedaled to set up special conditions where you could argue that claim was correct.   Meanwhile, myself and several others dismissed that claim as false.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:15:48


You sure seem to be getting angry.  Not quite sure why.  But calling people names is the last refuge of someone with a really weak argument.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:51:52


Well, I've never made that argument, so perhaps you're looking for another idiot to argue with?   One that's made of straw methinks.


I spent a lot of time learning critical thinking skills, researching logical fallacies and appreciating the value of evidence based concepts of truth.
What's "wrong" with me is that I understand the scientific method and the importance of being accurate when making material claims.   A claim that something is "100% ___" leaves no room for theories that might disprove the claim.  And in the case of the blockchain being immutable, there are plenty of examples to the contrary, so strictly from a logical, rational, scientific perspective, the claim you're making (not the goalpost-rolling claim about retroactively changing the blockchain) is not accurate.  But feel free to keep calling me an idiot.  I'm sure everybody else here appreciates the name calling and it gives you extra cred.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:03:47


Calling people names doesn't give your arguments any more credibility.


Nobody said it does.  But if you fork Monero, you in effect create two blockchains where there once was one.   And depending upon who you ask, you'll get different answers as to which blockchain is the right one.
Keep in mind, it was convenient of the BTC fork to call themselves BCH.  They didn't have to.  They could have continued to call themselves BTC/Bitcoin as well.   The fork was simply a continuation of the blockchain at a point where data changed (aka "the blockchain mutated").
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:32:51
Interesting.  He's saying the 51% attack cannot be "out computed", but can it be "out-noded?"
By the way he confirms in the video that a fork is something a 51% attack, which is a change to the blockchain, can do.  Bitcoin has already experienced that.  And while the fork doesn't have as much adherents as BTC, what is keeping people from choosing one version of the blockchain over the other, besides "tradition" or "marketing?"
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:51:05
It's already been forked.  So now there are multiple blockchains, all of which are arguing over whose data is the most legit.
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:52:23
Saying, "That's not the *real* blockchain." is a great example of the No True Scotsman fallacy.   There are plenty of people who will argue which fork is the real/legit one.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:46:15


Three logical fallacies in three sentences!  
First, I never talked about changing already mined blocks.  That's a combo strawman argument (arguing against something you made up that doesn't represent my argument) and moving the goalposts -- (changing the nature of the argument to improve your chance of being right).  And of course, the ad hominem insults you feel compelled to add to each of your rants.
@_date: 2019-07-16 21:15:55
Past blockchain may be immutable.   But the current block, can be altered and updated under certain conditions.   So my point was "100% immutable" doesn't seem accurate.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:27:20


Assuming nobody gets your private keys or you don't leave stuff on exchanges?
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:09:51
Technically speaking, based on what we know, you can travel forward in time.  It's unsure if you can travel backwards in time.
But the technology to travel in time we don't have.  (We are unable to accelerate people to a high enough velocity to slow down time perception in any significant way).
We do have the technology to do a 51% attack on the BTC blockchain.   That can be demonstrated if there is enough motivation to do so by the right people.
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:08:00
I agree with you.
However, I think we'd both agree, that, while improbable, it is possible that any one of the random other crypto currencies right now that is valued at very little, could become significantly more valuable.  Public opinion is basically what drives these things.
Contrast this with a traditional investment security like a stock or piece of real estate.  Public opinion can certainly affect the perception of value, but at the same time, these securities also have the capability to create value and income.  Stocks represent fractional shares of material assets.  Real estate can be rented out and generate revenue.  So there's an intrinsic value to these securities that bitcoin doesn't have.  Bitcoin has "public acceptance" which is basically, x number of people have decided it has value.  There are plenty of examples of scenarios where people attributed value to something, and then that trend changed.  
I would submit not only is the immutability of the blockchain subject to these forces, but the primary inherent value is as well.   I think for this reason, it's a little bit harder to discuss issues like this, since "public perception" of the security is of such paramount importance.
@_date: 2019-07-16 15:18:52
Wars have a tendency of changing who owes/owns what.
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:58:11
I'm the idiot?
You don't seem to understand even the most basic concepts behind blockchain do you?   
Have you heard of the [51% attack?](   


It's entirely possible to perform -- it may be unlikely; it may be, depending upon the scenario, highly improbable, but technically it is possible.  Especially given the mutable nature of the nodes on the blockchain network.  There is no guarantee the number of nodes and who controls them, in the network, will stay the same or be equally/widely distributed the same way.  This is built into the design of the blockchain.
We are already seeing this happen, as certain countries and special interests begin to control larger amounts of the blockchain computing power.  I'm not saying it's likely to happen, but to suggest bitcoin's blockchain is "100% immutable" is 100% untrue.
NOTE: downvoting me doesn't change this reality.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:20:17


When you create a decentralized payment platform that has zero oversight and no recourse for people to turn to if they're defrauded, it's the haven criminals dream of.
@_date: 2019-11-26 16:07:28
He's not stupid.  He is playing both sides of stupid.
@_date: 2019-11-01 02:25:48
You left out something on chemtrails, flouridated water and lizard people.
@_date: 2019-11-05 22:12:49
Where in the constitution does it say man has the right to free internet?
I'm just curious why governments, who license the airwaves and public rights of way and other property that networks use, don't have a right to control traffic especially by those who want to hide their income from the taxation that provides for all these services?
What if your neighbor decided he wanted to grow vegetables on your lawn?  Should he die protecting his freedom to do that?  Don't you have any say?
@_date: 2019-11-03 15:03:40


It's hard to qualify those statistics.   Because for example, someone with a stolen credit card number that tries to use it online and it gets instantly declined, is likely considered "fraud" even though there was no actual loss.
But more importantly, if you compare incident of credit card use, to fraud, it's very low.  The amount of times you might use your card, verses the likelihood that it will be involved in fraud is much lower than with crypto currency.  If bitcoin was in use as much as credit cards, the fraud numbers would probably be a lot higher than credit cards.


The law forces the credit card companies to be more diligent about monitoring the improper use of their cards, and it sometimes falls onto the shoulders of the merchants, not the CC companies.  So there is some responsibility passed all around to police fraudulent transactions.
In contrast with crypto, there is zero responsibility by anybody.  Even exchanges can arbitrarily abscond with your crypto and there's rarely any accountability.
As much as people complain about the centralization and regulation of fiat, it does serve a useful purpose.  Perhaps the current crop of HODL'ing, wild west-style speculators like this edgy aspect of their currency, it's going to be an uphill battle convincing most people that they should dump their reliable yet boring monetary system and try something exciting and dangerous.


I'm living on a planet built by people and collective, regulated resources.  Not a libertarian fantasy world where people take all the infrastructure and resources built by organized governments and then try to pretend it's their divine right to use all those resources, and not have to pay for any of it, and not have to participate in the organized collective that created it in the first place.    You guys would have a lot more credibility if you actually could demonstrate you could create your utopian monetary system autonomously.  But that remains to be seen.  You can't get anything off the ground that isn't a parasite, completely dependent upon the infrastructure and governments you so naively loathe.
@_date: 2019-11-26 15:47:17


That's so 2016.  It's 2019 now.  


The new economy will be fueled by the enthusiasm generated by people talking about how their investments are appreciating.
@_date: 2019-11-27 15:22:32
No worries.  Here's what you do.
Call your bank and tell them you're the victim of fraud.  There are laws which protect consumers from things like this.
Oh wait, this is crypto currency, not fiat.   
@_date: 2019-11-06 02:02:23


He has the freedom to do whatever he wants.
Whether he has the "right" to, or whether you have the "right" to challenge his claim, is defined by the government.
Government is what determines who has any personal property rights.   Without any government, possession is 9/10ths of the law of ownership, and that can change at any moment.
You guys need to be very wary of getting what you ask for.   Government can't protect personal property rights without having quite a reasonable amount of power; power that you think is unnecessary.  But without it, you own nothing.  You're just holding onto something temporarily that will soon be transferred to someone bigger and more resourceful who decides they like what you have.
@_date: 2019-11-27 15:21:28
Not your phone, not your bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-20 15:30:18


Did you create that twitter handle before or after you went to prison?
@_date: 2019-11-03 22:40:05


Research this for when you decide to see a therapist:
@_date: 2019-11-03 23:06:35
You seem to have plenty of time to insure that you have the last word.  Are you that insecure in your intellectual superiority?
@_date: 2019-11-03 05:33:46


There's actually very little fraud.  And consumers are not responsible for fraudulent transactions.  Even if they are negligent with their card information.


There exponentially more fraud with bitcoin on a per-transaction/per-capita basis than with credit cards.


99% of the time, the fraud is caught before there's any theft of products or services.
@_date: 2019-11-27 15:24:34


It didn't occur to you during this 2.5 week period to change the password on your accounts?
@_date: 2019-11-03 05:15:28
Credit cards offer consumers protection.   Bitcoin is like walking around with a stack of money.  Yea, you have complete control over it, but it's stressful keeping track of it.
@_date: 2019-11-06 03:42:14


You have no credibility.
...coming from a guy who wants to fight for his right to port 8333.
@_date: 2019-11-26 15:48:19
Not one lambo, like three lambos.  Maybe seven lambos.  One for each day of the week!
@_date: 2019-11-06 02:41:01


Two of those three things requires government that you don't want to support.
So we're left with the third:  violence and power as a means to maintain your personal security and property rights.    This works only if you're the most powerful person around.  And unfortunately the odds are you aren't.
Good luck with that.
@_date: 2019-11-02 05:46:37
"Now that there's no evidence god exists, I find myself more interested in how god manifests to make peoples' lives better...."
@_date: 2019-11-26 16:05:35
The exchanges and other people employ their own bots that are faster than everybody else's transactions, that siphon value out of the market and have foreknowledge of transactions.  This is the extra feature you get from unregulated marketplaces.
@_date: 2019-11-25 13:49:31
This is good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-03 16:16:00


Resorting to name calling is the last refuge of someone with a very weak argument.


I'm neither non-productive, nor a government employee, but hey, create whatever fantasy narrative you feel is necessary to give you that moment of hollow superiority you apparently so desperately crave.
@_date: 2019-11-02 19:58:08
All those theories are not supported by evidence.
@_date: 2019-08-02 16:37:00
How much did you invest?
@_date: 2019-10-24 19:04:54


Bitcoin cannot be confiscated?
@_date: 2019-10-25 21:36:55


However, A coffee has material value.  It serves a purpose.  Bitcoin is not anything material.   Even fiat like coins and bills can have some type of material use.  Crypto has nothing but what other people think, as a measure of its value.


This idea that crypto can't be seized is not backed up by reality and historical evidence.  It may be *more difficult to seize* but it's not seize-proof.  And it's possible it can be seized/stolen without the owner even knowing.
One problem with this discussion is, you're comparing the best-case-scenario of crypto, with the worst-case-scenario of fiat.  And that just doesn't seem fair.    You hold up as a cautionary tale and premonition of what can happen to America's monetary system by comparing it with the monetary systems of third-world, banana republics, yet use an absolutely flawless implementation of crypto as a case of what we can expect on that end.. with all users being 100% responsible with their keys and wallets as to have their assets "un-seizable".  That's not a realistic, nor accurate comparison.


If you're talking about money laundering, extortion, ransoms, drug transactions, etc.   Bitcoin seems to be pretty good at those things.  I'll grant you that.. although I think even in the use-cases where Crypto has advantages, the blockchain's transparency might ultimately render even those uses as negative.  I can't honestly think of anything it does truly better than existing systems.  And this is the problem.  The value of bitcoin is predicated on believing the existing systems are broken, inefficient, corrupt and doomed to failure.  The problem is, they are all in use right now and working for 99.9% of most people.  
If you're selling ice cream, and your slogan is, "all other ice cream sucks", it's a tough sell IMO.  Your ice cream truly has to be unquestionably superior, and unfortunately, it isn't.
@_date: 2019-10-25 00:24:43


I wouldn't use the term "divine right" but something that is mandated by law to be "accepted for all debts public and private" is a pretty significant "right".
You of course, have the freedom to not accept dollars (in private transactions).  You can choose to accept dried pinto beans, or dogecoin.  But you'll have to convince anybody you trade with that those pinto beans are worth accepting.  Your testimony and confidence verses the gross weight of the entire nation in which you reside, are dramatically different levels of support though.


Can we be honest?  Bitcoin is not a currency.  You can't use it to pay for hardly anything right now.  It started out as a currency, but has now become an investment security.  
I get that you think bitcoin is the bees knees, but pretending it is something it's not, won't  help the value of your holdings.  Serious investors have to be pragmatic.  This thread is about that reality.


Repeat after me:  Rarity is not a guarantee of value.   There are plenty of things that are rare that are not increasing in value.  What gives something value is demand.   You can downvote me all you want, but that's like pressing snooze on your alarm thinking it keeps time from passing.
There are fundamental differences between currencies and investments.  Gold is not a currency either.  Maybe 1000 years ago it was used as such, but that's during a time when everybody bartered more than there was any actual currency.
If you want to see bitcoin grow, you have to be realistic about its strengths and weaknesses... or not... you can just keep telling everybody who disagrees with you they're wrong.  I'm not sure that's a sound investment strategy though.
@_date: 2019-10-25 15:21:53
How can you measure how much actual fiat-crypto conversion is going on?   Do the exchanges publish any actual reliable details on this?
@_date: 2019-10-25 15:32:38


Unless they find the private keys, hack your computer if they're stored there, install something subversive on your phone to intercept transaction/key data, or maybe one day use a quantum computer to crack your wallet... all without you necessarily knowing.
@_date: 2019-10-24 19:05:55


\* based on the current fork
@_date: 2019-10-25 15:35:51
Again, you're conflating currency with securities.  Two different things.
Currency doesn't really have any inherent value.  It's just a promissory note that is enforced in a particular state, or agreed-upon by two parties.  A security is something with inherent value.  Gold is a security, not a currency.   Bitcoin seems to flip back and forth between wanting to be a currency and wanting to be a security - sharing some common traits, but not being particularly good at either.
For example, a currency's most obvious characteristic is that everybody accepts it.  A security's most obvious characteristic is that everybody recognizes it has intrinsic value.     Gold meets one of those standards.  Fiat meets both of those standards.  Bitcoin meets none of those standards.


I explained why.
Although, perhaps you are right.  Bitcoin is a "new currency" from the perspective, that, unlike other securities and currencies, it doesn't act like one, isn't as utilitarian, isn't as ubiquitous.. so it really is something "new."
@_date: 2019-10-25 15:14:09


Why does everybody compare USD to Zimbabwe?   That's such an atrocious, cherry picked, false equivalence.   Do you honestly think all other things between the US and Zimbabwe are equal, so it's just a matter of time before we have the same level of inflation?


How can bitcoin scale when right now, it requires more resources and more time to process a transaction than alternative methods like credit cards?
IMO, in order for a new technology to be adopted, it has to be superior.  Bitcoin is "different" but not necessarily superior by most of the metrics that matter to your every day person.   For example, when I use USD, I don't think about how many dollars there are in circulation, or whether or not my transaction is immutable.  I think about whether or not I can use that dollar to purchase something I need, and how efficient that transaction will be?
One advantage gold has over bitcoin is that it doesn't depend upon any operational infrastructure like computers and the internet and other parties.   If I want to transact with bitcoin, I not only have to make sure the other party accepts it, I have to make sure I have all the right components to execute the transaction.  It's not very simple or easy -- I understand enthusiasts might disagree, but the average consumer isn't interested in messing around with keys and cold wallets and all that weird stuff.


There's inadequate evidence that you can actually transfer any sizable amount of wealth using bitcoin.  There's very little evidence that there's much conversion going on as reflected in the trading volume (which is mostly wash trading between different cryptos).  
Right now it's easier to convert fiat to bitcoin, than it is vice-versa.  And depending upon where you go, you may or may not be able to get your bitcoin converted into something more useful.  Exchanges are increasingly becoming unreliable with various municipalities cracking down and implementing KYC laws, etc.  This is a big problem.  If you're trying to migrate your wealth out of China where are you going to go?  And what can you do with that bitcoin at this point?  It's very uncertain.
 &gt;Look, Bitcoin is a weird one. Most lifetimes don't see a new category of money start to take root.
I don't get where this is actually a "new category" of money?   It's just another arbitrary value system.  The difference is it's more decentralized and there's a public instead of a private ledger.    I think it's more "a slightly different flavor" of currency than it is something "new."  
OK, so you like the deflationary nature of it?   Here's a twist I would do on it.  I would create a crypto that was tied to the world population.   I don't exactly know how this could be done, but I'd try to figure out a way to give one monetary unit to each human on the planet at the time of inception.   Now you have a monetary system where everybody is equal.  Then you get people to trade back and forth.  And it starts with people offering goods and services to acquire more of the currency.  As opposed to the system right now with BTC, where the lion's share of the currency is in the hands of a small number of wallets, who could effectively manipulate the price of bitcoin at will.  A truly revolutionary, deflationary currency can't start out with a handful of people controlling most of the pieces -- that's not in any way different from the systems you rail against.
So in order to actually create a truly "new" currency that is in reality "de-centralized", you have to find a way to de-centralize whose holding it.  That's the problem to solve IMO, if you want this idea to be revolutionary and different.  A currency that's held by a small handful of people that uses de-centralization merely to record transactions, isn't actually "de-centralized."
@_date: 2019-08-06 20:20:02
He says, "In the vast majority of households around the world, finances are controlled by women."
Is there any actual evidence to back that up?
@_date: 2019-10-24 22:27:40


Did you hear that on Fox News by chance?
@_date: 2019-10-24 19:01:01


Math doesn't make the price of things go up.
Demand makes the price of things go up.
The problem I see with the community is that it's primarily a large bubble.  If anybody says anything that goes against the hive mind's contention that the sky is the limit, that is tantamount to treason and downvoting.  I don't see how that mentality creates more demand.  People are are already preaching to the choir.  They should be more receptive of the skeptics, because that's where the demand  has to come from in order to make the price go up.
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:45:19
There's no regulation/oversight of those exchanges.   In lieu of that, they're probably running bots that time buy/sell actions designed to suck value out of the market.   I don't see how anybody can compete with the exchanges, who are probably timing the market and sitting on top of the clock.
@_date: 2019-10-25 20:28:20


There are philosophical arguments and material arguments.
Good luck going to Starbucks and explaining to them that it's pointless to give them fiat in return for coffee.   See how far that gets you.
If you want to have a mature debate, you have to stick to one domain or the other.  I'm not interested in discussing the philosophical, existential underpinnings of fiat.  I'm a pragmatist, interested in what actually works.  Not what it means conceptually.   And therein is the problem with crypto.  It sounds great *conceptually* but in practice, it doesn't really work (yet).


There are probably more people who collect beanie babies than bitcoin.
The size of the network isn't really an indicator of long term value.  People can walk away from bitcoin at any time.  It won't affect their lifestyle because it's not used in any practical way in peoples' everyday lives.   You can't walk away from fiat and not be affected, and that says a lot about the "intrinsic" value of bitcoin.   It's only *theoretically useful* at this point.
@_date: 2019-08-02 16:58:10
Not much beyond that which mother earth provides as shelter and food.
@_date: 2019-10-27 03:33:24
I actually agree with them but for an entirely different reason.  
Their idea of wanting to change the dev environment is in no way a solution.   The problem is, there are too many antisocial sociopaths in software development.  It's a great field that lends itself to selfish, self-absorbed pricks who have little mini tech-related god complexes.  This doesn't result in great quality code.
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:04:18
You just sold right?   I'm next.  Everybody else, HODL!
@_date: 2019-06-10 21:09:46
If you are running an escrow service, and have a bunch of experience, being anonymous doesn't seem like good business practice.
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:16:15
[insert animated GIF of Indy Jones switching bag of BTC with bag of USDT on ancient pedestal]
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:08:28


Billions of tether (USDT) are entering the market exchanges and buying up other cryptos, driving the price up.
However, unlike other cryptos, Tether is *supposedly* backed 1:1 with USD in reserve.  However, it's not.  They've never been fully-audited, and they've even admitted that instead of actual 1:1 fiat backing, they're backed with various other things of value (like other crypto tokens... hey just as good right?).
However, because conceptually 1 USDT is supposed to equal 1 USD, everybody uses the trade price of tether &lt;=&gt; bitcoin as the "bitcoin value".   The problem is the "price" of BTC is not actually the price people are paying for BTC, but instead another token that may or may not have anything backing it up.  
People keep ignoring this minor detail.
"market corrections" (aka price drops) are probably more realistic indications of the value of BTC vs USD, but in order to keep things from completely flatlining, more USDT keeps appearing to make BTC seem like it's holding value.   Want to see what BTC is really worth?  Try to convert any sizable amount into USD and withdraw it. The paradox here, is you will only know the true value when you cash out, and nobody wants to cash out early.
@_date: 2019-10-24 22:31:30


Bitcoin has forked multiple times already.
All it takes is a large enough consortium of top players to crown a new fork.
The real problem with Bitcoin is whether it's a currency or an investment.  It can't be both.  Time has shown deflationary currency doesn't work well.  It's not an efficient transfer of value for basic transactions.   I can imagine that if bitcoin is to succeed and be useful as a day-to-day payment medium, it will have to have more available supply in more peoples hands.  The current distribution doesn't make it practical.  Who wants to invest in something where 96% of the asset is controlled by 4% of the wallets?   If you're into that, you might as well be investing in diamonds.
@_date: 2019-06-10 19:33:08
so... who are you?
What experience do you have in this field?
@_date: 2019-10-25 15:27:29
According to one of the bitcoin developers [there are still flaws in the system that have not been made public.](
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:41:12


There's some optimism.
@_date: 2019-10-15 18:42:50
Great example of narcissistic personality disorder
Guy defrauds someone else and doesn't see what the problem is, because he thinks anybody else would do the same thing, because he lacks the empathy to realize that it's not a good idea to do things to others, that you wouldn't want them to do to you.
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:48:58


Where is that 13300?
Is it converted to USD in a traditional bank?
Or is it in a crypto exchange?  Or is it in USDT or is some other non-USD form?
@_date: 2019-12-09 18:13:16
It's as if a legitimate business doesn't see the need to require someone to use a separate network and a bunch of computers, extra fees and transaction time, to transfer value that otherwise takes them a few seconds using fiat.  I really wish these people would get on board and understand the power of Bitcoin!
@_date: 2019-06-28 14:01:45
What Tether is saying - they're partially backed:
What others are saying - there's no evidence that they're backed to any specific degree:
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:49:09


"Looks like a small moon..."
@_date: 2019-09-27 21:22:10


I'm sorry.  My mistake.  I thought I was talking someone over the age of 5.
You think you can claim "your fractional ownership" of public property?    
How much in taxes have you paid in the sum total of your life, compared to how much everybody else has put in since the dawn of our country.  What does that come out to as your share?  How  much of a fraction of a square millimeter of national park land do you think you deserve?
@_date: 2019-09-30 20:13:20
4% of bitcoin wallets control 96% of BTC.    Those 4% can probably create crashes whenever they want.
@_date: 2019-09-11 15:07:07
@_date: 2019-09-29 01:40:45


Fair enough.  I can get a little philosophical on this subject as well and agree that depending upon the context, the notion of "intrinsic value" is arbitrary.  But we can say that basically about anything.  Does life have any meaning?  If we die, does our existence really matter?
Whether something has value is based on *historical evidence*.  You go to work each day even though you're not paid in advance, because there is historical evidence that you will get paid.  You work for a company that you trust will be there tomorrow or next week, because there is historical evidence of its viability.   You fly on airplanes because there is historical evidence that they're quite reliable.
We can argue about what, in each case, constitutes "adequate historical evidence" that a construct is viable, but there is a general understanding that there are certain basic guidelines.   If we have been living in a community that has remained fairly stable for most of our lives, it seems reasonable to believe things will remain the same.  
One of the complications of crypto currency, is that its value is predicated on the notion that our current situation is unstable and can collapse at any moment.  Enthusiasts like to paint this type of gloomy situation, but there's not really much historical evidence to give those arguments much weight.   Yes, you can cherry pick select time periods and industries where there's been failures, but that's not unexpected.  The financial issues of the mid-2000s have not created any kind of long term volatility.  And one reason for this is because of the Fed and the monetary system's ability to inflate and deflate to absorb some of the bumps.  Had we relied on a non-fractional lending system, it's true we might not have gotten as deep in the housing crisis, but it still would have crashed and when it crashed the damage would have been much worse.  There hasn't been a "great depression" since the 20s and that's because the new monetary policies have cushioned the ups and downs in a manner that doesn't cause catastrophic results.
The bottom line is that fiat has value because there's overwhelming historical evidence it is stable and useful.  You have nothing of the sort with crypto.  Crypto is a collectable trinket.  But unlike most trinkets, it's not something that you can even hold in your hand.  


It's an intriguing proposition - i can appreciate that.
But here's the key thing: currency or security.  One or the other.  You can't be both.   If crypto is a deflationary store of value, then it is unsuitable as a means of payment for goods and services.  Period.  Anybody who has anything they honestly believe will consistently appreciate in value, will never casually trade it for basic goods and services.  The only time they might cash out, would be for the "end game."  This makes deflationary crypto inappropriate as an every day exchange of value. (and that's assuming you could even find demand to exchange it -- most collectables and securities require elaborate procedures to find appropriate buyers)


What global financial crisis is this?    This is one of those boogeymen that crypto enthusiasts need to fabricate in order to suggest the existing system is on the brink of collapse at any moment.  That's not really true.
The national debt is definitely something that needs to be addressed, but there are ways to very easily address that, that are time honored, time-tested ways, like simply defaulting, which is done all the time and the world hasn't ended.


I think flawed is being generous.  I think cryptocurrency is a solution to a problem that doesn't actually exist.   And in order to make crypto seem viable, you have to lie.  You have to make up falsehoods about the stability and efficiency of the existing systems.   Any new technology that can't honestly compete with the status quo is not long for this world.
Compare crypto to MLMs.  They're basically the exact same model.  A MLM doesn't necessarily have superior products.  If they had the best product, they could just sell their stuff and do well.  Instead, they have to create a "marketing culture", almost a religion, around their products in order to make them viable.  They have to convince their customers that what they're selling isn't merely sufficient, but necessary in order for them to have the life they want.  The premise of these systems are build upon falsehoods.  


Again... let me point out.. 4% of bitcoin wallets control 96% of the bitcoin.
Let that fully sink in.
Where do you fit into that scheme?    And realize that there are single banks that have more customers than all the people who hold bitcoin.  It's a small pond with some very big predators in it.  Don't be fooled into thinking you are going to make out well in the end.


What "monopoly" are you referring to?
There's rich people, and there's poor people.   Even if you abolish every bank and every corporation, you're still going to have the power hierarchy that is behind them.  Bitcoin doesn't in any way, create a level playing field or nullify monopolistic enterprises.   
C'mon.. right now the Chinese can exercise monopoly power over the blockchain.  Bitcoin is not in any way immune to power plays by well-resourced special interests.  It in no way insulates anybody from monopolistic behavior.


That's not true.
That's what you want to believe, but the motorcar was a fundamentally more advanced implementation of technology.   Crypto is NOT.  It's just a re-arranged database that consists of 99% existing technology.   It doesn't represent anything fundamentally different, and there is no obvious advantage to using it.  What's it really offer?   DECENTRALIZATION.   Who the fuck cares?   Am I worried that when I put my credit card into the terminal at the supermarket that it's going to a centralized instead of a decentralized computer network?  Fuck no.   All I care about is that my transaction goes through and everybody gets what they want.  Crypto doesn't improve the quality of anybody's lives.  It doesn't make transactions faster.  It doesn't make transactions more secure.  It has less fraud protection.   Who gives a shit whether or not my transaction needs to be approved by 11 other nodes, 9 of which are in China?   NO-BODY-CARES.   That technology doesn't translate into an obvious benefit for humanity.
@_date: 2019-09-28 15:41:34


I'm not sure what you're talking about.  If you're talking about the collapse of the housing market and default credit swaps and that stuff, that has nothing to do with central banking being the cause.  The actual cause of the collapse of that segment of the financial situation was exactly the opposite: [Deregulation](  The reason the banks became insolvent was precisely because they began to mimmick free market enterprises, and take depositors' money and turn them into a sophisticated ponzi scheme using securitiezed mortgages (default credit swaps) that nobody could perform due dilligence on.  That collapse was directly caused by the Gram-Leech-Bliley Act inserted into the Financial Services Modernization Act of 2000 which gave the banks more "freedom" and in turn allowed them to do something that was illegal for 70+ years.    So in fact, quite the opposite of what you're claiming is actually true.  The collapse happened because of deregulation.  It would have been even worse if there were less regulations and more decentralization.


Bitcoin has no intrinsic value.  Look up the word, "intrinsic."
You can present me with a white cube made of some sort of stone.    To me, it's a white cube.  I'm not sure what I can do with it.   To you, maybe it took you 1000 hours with a grinder and a polishing wheel to produce it, but to me, all the work you put in is meaningless because the cube has no intrinsic value.  The only value it has, is what you can convince me it's worth.  What you spent to make it is irrelevant.
Compare that to a stock share.   You may have paid a certain amount for that share, but what you paid isn't ultimately what it's worth.  It represents a fractional share in an entity that has value: assets, income, intellectual property, etc.  I can perform independent due dilligence on that security and determine how much it's objectively worth.  That can't be done on crypto, because crypto has no intrinsic value.  It's value is a function of marketing, not analysis.


It's interesting that you compare crypto to pirating.   That is a more appropriate analogy than you might want to admit.  Because to this date, the most practical uses for crypto involves illegal activities.
True, pirating can technically not be 100% stopped, but if/when pirating interferes with traditional commerce, it can (and has been) dealt with.  Gone are the days of Napster and Bittorrent being widely accessible.  Yes, there are still systems and technology you can use, but it's becoming harder and less convenient to pirate.  You can't do peer-to-peer file sharing without going through a VPN now.  The ISPs are tracking this activity and turning records over to the authorities for enforcement.  It's not a question of them not being able to stop it; it's a question of whether they choose to.  The same thing goes for crypto.  If the authorities want to put an end to 95% of crypto trading in their jurisdiction, that can be done.  They may never stop the 5% but they can effectively squash it as a mainstream option for the majority.    And that's critical, because when it comes to currency: ubiquity is what gives it value.  If only a fraction will accept it, it's not useful.
Again, just because something can't be completely controlled or eliminated, doesn't mean it can flourish.  Commerce is based on supply and demand.  If you make something illegal, then demand has to ramp up quite a bit to make the risk worth the reward.  This is understandable in scenarios involving psychotropic drugs, but alternate monetary systems?  Where's the instant gratification, dopamine hit of using bitcoin over a credit card?


You're investing in crypto for the same reason everybody else is: You're trying to get an outlandish, disproportionate return on your investment.  The foolish part is not realizing that everybody else in the marketplace is trying to do the same and that model is completely un-sustainable.
As such, it's basically a ponzi scheme.  And as in most ponzi schemes, those who get in early, at the top of the pyramid, tend to do well, and everybody else, not so much.
So the real question is, where are you on the pyramid?  Do you think you're at/near the top?   Or are you really at the bottom, in denial?
Note that as of this writing, 4% of bitcoin holders control 96% of the pool.    Are you one of those 4%?  If not, I hate to break it to you, but you're at the bottom of the pyramid.


Just because I'm using a system does not mean I think it's "perfect."   That kind of binary thinking is counterproductive and naive.
Crypto is certainly flawed as well.  There are hundreds of design problems with the technology right now.  It's not in any way a superior solution to the existing banking system.  There's too much fraud; transactions take too long to settle; the process is super complicated; it's too easy to lose your money through simple mistakes; the technology relies on elaborate infrastructures that it doesn't help manage and just assumes will always be available; every juridiction has different ideas on how crypto should be managed; some countries now have access to a controlling interest in mining rigs which represent serious potential future problems; the blockchain has forked multiples times so the idea that it is immutable is phony; etc... there are so many problems with bitcoin to suggest it's ready to replace the existing system is wildly impractical.
Yes, the banking system has problems.  And that's why we have [ideally] checks and balances, and systems by which we can revise laws and regulations to try to make things a little better.
It's interesting that you will condemn the existing finance industry because it isn't perfect, but suggest the same facility that would improve bitcoin and make it more suitable over time, isn't available to the existing system?  Let's be realistic.  It's a lot easier to fix our existing system than it is to push the square peg of crypto into the round hole of our  commerce system.


I didn't say there was nothing useful.  Right now, the available evidence indicates that crypto does have some uses: money laundering, extortion, ransom money, drug deals,  etc.   It seems particularly suited to those applications.   I am not seeing any other area where it excels over traditional systems, and as I've said, feel free to present examples.  I'm all ears.
You guys keep claiming that crypto is a "disruptive technology."    
But in order for it to be disruptive, the value and benefits it offers have to be *obvious*.   They aren't.    I understand that *to you* they seem obvious, but you also appear to be someone who thinks the existing banking system is completely broken and unusable -- a position that isn't accurate.
I've heard people compare crypto to everything from electricity to the motor car in terms of a new invention that can change the way people live.  But those analogies don't hold water.   The motorcar had a defintive advantage over the horse and buggy.  It was faster.  It was easier to manage.  It was more efficient.   Crypto is not faster.  It's not easier to manage.  It's not more efficient.  The problem crypto supposedly solves is not a problem to 99.9% of most people.  I don't wake up in the morning and say, "Man it sucks that my bank isn't spread out among 10,000 different places all around the globe, and doesn't require me to use an elaborate pass phrase every time I want to purchase something."
@_date: 2019-09-26 15:09:45
I'll get them at a better deal at $5
@_date: 2019-09-05 17:03:04
@_date: 2019-09-27 14:29:46




Before we talk about this, let's backtrack a bit...
Let's talk about the dream of a Libertarian utopia, where individual freedoms are of utmost importance and there's not central state telling people what to do.   Have you noticed that there is no such place anywhere on the planet?  Now, or historically.  There has never been any sufficiently sized minarchist libertarian society.  
Every few years people try it and they run into problems.  Because without a somewhat powerful unified presence -- a "government" per se, that is capable of protecting the community and enforcing standards and practices to police the community itself, the fabric of that society breaks down.
Fiat is one of the things that works because of a strong centralized authority.   The value it has is directly proportional to the quality of the institutions backing it.
Monetary systems, like communities, function best when there is a high quality, reliable, central authority.  That's just the way it is.  Otherwise, everybody creates their own value system and it become chaos to engage in trade.
It's not a question of which system any of us may find most appealing.  It's a question of which system has the track record for working the longest.   You can cite a place like Zimbabwe with its hyper-inflation.  But that's not a function of centralized governance; it's a function of incompetent governance.  For every one Zimbabwe, you can find a hundred other nations that have more stable currency that actually works.
If we look in the crypto sphere, there is not a single currency that is stable right now.    And there is no authority out there in charge of stabilizing it.  And the community is constantly fighting with each other, creating new and different securities that compete with each other.  This is what happens in the void of no central governance.


If the government is healthy, the people back the government.  If the government is fascist, its overwhelming power and influence is what props it up.
@_date: 2019-09-20 01:59:09
6 BTC per island
@_date: 2019-09-27 18:40:00


Prior to the Internet there were lots of different networks.  There were also decentralized networks prior, including BBSes. 
What made the Internet successful was that it was mandated by the government and got its start in both government agencies and academia due to substantive grants by DARPA and others.   What made the Internet successful (i.e. "ubiquitous") was the initial central management of address space by InterNIC.  If DNS wasn't centrally managed with an over-arching set of rules, it would be chaos.  Google.com might point to different systems depending upon who your ISP or connection was with.   Because of central authority, dictating the nature of de-centralized nodes, the Internet works.
Also, the Internet works because central authorities regulate the core communications backbone.  It's not at all a truly "de-centralized", libertarian utopia.   Wireless signals work reliably because a central authority determines who has broadcast licenses and regulates the use of RF stringently.  Wired communication works because central authorities grant access to public land, waterways, right of ways, etc.   The Internet would not exist in its present form if it weren't for the endorsement and support of centralized powers.
As such, any system that depends on this network, also depends upon the powers that be, maintaining it.
@_date: 2019-09-27 18:24:28
You can use the national forest any time you want.  You don't own it.  It's a natural resource available to all the people.
Your attitude reflects what's wrong with the system.  You think everything should be just for *you* and screw everybody else.  
You'd have more credibility with that opinion, if you weren't sitting here sucking at big government's teat while you blather about how oppressive it is.   You are free to leave any time.  Go into the wilderness.  Stop paying taxes.  Nobody will care.  Create your own internet.   Contact us when you do, and maybe someone will take you seriously.
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:28:20


Any instabilities you cite have nothing to do with the monetary system.  They have more to do with whether the nations themselves remain stable or sovereign.
I don't see how you think Bitcoin would be immune to the same destabilizing influences?   I guess when an enemy nation invades, they'll be sure to keep the internet system running perfectly? As well as all the myriad utilities this complicated system relies on to be able to exchange value?   Really?  
How does bitcoin survive a world war?   When you don't have electricity how do you trade bitcoin?  At least fiat has value in those instances.  Bitcoin is even more fragile over the long term because it depends upon so much infrastructure that is de-facto controlled by central authorities.  I don't see how you reconcile your dependence on centralized infrastructure with your lack of faith that these authorities can do anything right over time?
@_date: 2019-09-05 17:02:09
Good thing there are no viruses for non-Windows OSes.
@_date: 2019-09-27 21:54:03
Here's something else to think about... if this concept of maximum individual freedom and minimum central authority was so good for humans, surely we would have some kind of example of this type of society functioning in history?  Right?
The problem is, it doesn't exist.  It never has existed.   Outside of very small tribes, once a community gets to a certain size, there's a construct that comes into play called, [The Tragedy of the Commons]( which dictates that in the absence of some sort of centralized regulation, there's a very good chance special/private interests will exploit other people and resources.  And when you look back at all of human history, this is what you see:  Where there is no authority/rule of law, there's rampant exploitation and suffering.  That doesn't mean there isn't exploitation and suffering under authority too, but that's bad authority.  Authority itself is not a cause.  You can have good government and you can have bad government.  But government itself, is an important and necessary element of all civilized and humane societies, now and throughout history.  We can debate the pros/cons of different types of governments, but one thing is for sure: regulation is needed to keep large societies healthy.
So where does crypto currency fit into this model?  Is it a replacement for fiat?  Is that possible?
Unlike traditional fiat, Crypto like bitcoin doesn't have any facilities built into its model to provide for the infrastructure necessary to maintain its network.   Bitcoin merely assumes the Internet is like the sun: a fundamental resource that is accessible by everybody indefinitely.  But unfortunately, that's not the way it is.  While miners and nodes may be able to get a small share of transactions in return for their computational work, that in no way reimburses them for even their basic operational expenses, much less the cost of bandwidth, electricity, and maintenance of the network and everything that goes with it.  Those resources aren't god-given, limitless and guaranteed to all.  They're *provided by the government*.  And they cost money to operate and maintain, and that money comes from *taxes.*
The only reason Bitcoin is allowed to operate on the fringes of the governments' networks is because its footprint isn't really noticeable in the big picture.  While crypto enthusiasts love to suggest at any moment everybody will be accepting BTC, that's not really happening, and BTC traffic is not an existential threat to the current monetary/taxation system.  *However* theoretically, crypto enthusiasts argue it will be if it keeps growing.  They also seem to be under the impression that government is powerless to stop the spread of crypto as an exchange of value, once it gets to a point where it's interfering with regular commerce.  That would be a very naive assumption.  If people think they can switch from fiat to crypto, and bypass paying taxes and all those other forms of accountability, they're wrong.  The government is not going to let people bypass their system, which is necessary to maintain the peoples' resources.  And they can shut down crypto in any number of ways.  For example, most useful businesses that might accept crypto are also licensed by the government to operate.  Every grocery store.  Every courier.  Every restaurant.  Every accredited school.   Everything.  If you think you can accept crypto and not report it to the government and pay taxes on it, you'll find you probably won't be allowed to operate your business.  That's just one of thousands of ways if the government wants to stop crypto from undermining its system, it can do it easily.
So what good is crypto?
Good question.   I don't see a good reason unless you're trying to do something illegal.  There has not been a single example of how crypto and blockchain are an improvement over traditional systems other than as a means to pass money to/from criminal enterprises.
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:15:01


Unfortunately very few local governments could sustain themselves without the support of the federal government.  Can you imagine if municipalities took over the interstate highway system?  Well, in some more-libertarian areas we are seeing this with toll roads all over the place.  That's what you'd end up with, and worse...  You'd have states messing with each other the way countries mess with each other.  You'd have checkpoints in between cities.   The Feds eliminate all that.


I completely agree with you.    I absolutely don't approve of everything government does.  But I also think it's unrealistic for government to uniquely pander to my particular set of priorities.  I'm one of 300 million people.  Other people may be in favor of some of the treaties and agreements we have in place with other countries -- it's a very large, complicated issue that I think more discussion needs to be made on.   However, I don't see abandoning the feds as any sort of solution.  A lot of people don't realize that, for example, the price we pay for gas, or other products may be tied to some sort of military deal we have with another nation.  It's not as simple as, "Why are we giving Israel $6B a year?  WTF?"   But yea, I'd like to see a lot of that eliminated myself, which is why I try to vote for people who are more likely to draw down those resources (and have a chance of actually getting elected).  You have to move in small steps.  Throwing everything out and trying something completely different is not a practical or likely approach.
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:22:07


It's beyond disingenuous to compare America to Venezuela or Zimbabwe.    This is what's known as Reductio Ad Absurdum - an appeal to absurdity.   The US in no way resembles the structure of either of those countries governmentally or demographically or even geographically.  
Using Zimbabwe as an example of what can happen to America's monetary system is like arguing that it's ok to jump off a skyscraper because Spiderman did it and he turned out ok.
@_date: 2019-09-27 14:44:49
That's one example of a horribly mismanaged monetary system.
Meanwhile there are thousands of other currencies you could cite that are actually stable.
Great example of cherry picking... I mean, the United States is just like Zimbabwe.... right?
@_date: 2019-09-29 18:37:25


Sure, but just because something is "different" is not a good enough excuse to throw out 300+ years of working systems.
People say the financial system is broken, but that's bullshit.  My credit cards work.  My bank works.  What's broken?   Yes, it sucks that a few monopolistic corporations control so much of the financial market... and it can be improved in tons of ways (and hopefully is always improving)...
BUT... again, let me remind you:
**4% of bitcoin holders own 96% of all bitcoin**.
There is the same monopoly in crypto.  Actually worse.   In fact, in most cryptos it's built into the design to give the developers/owners/top tier of the pyramid, a very lucrative, disproportionate and controlling share of the security.   So Bitcoin, while being decentralized in terms of processing transactions, is absolutely NOT decentralized when it comes to distribution of wealth (and the power and influence that has in manipulating pricing).


Right now, there are a handful of "whales" who have huge amounts of bitcoin, that can, at any time, completely sink the market.  Their intention will be to cash that crypto out - these aren't HODL'ers.  These aren't even crypto enthusiasts.  These are entities that, for one reason or another, maybe it's historically, maybe it's criminally, have a huge amount of the security that they can't yet convert... they're pumping and dumping at a slow enough pace to not completely crash the market, but eventually it will crash because they have too much of the security in hand and can't do anything with it.  We actually don't really know the actual, practical value of BTC because the markets are being heavily manipulated, and most of the crypto is not in circulation.


Are you expecting a perfect system?  
I would bet in whatever way you think the system is flawed:   a) I can point to that same weakness in crypto, and b) the way to fix it is easier in the traditional system via some slight modifications, than it is to abandon that and replace it with something new.
If you disagree, present such evidence.


And we aren't.   This is another delusion perpetrated by enthusiasts.  The existing system is currently changing and evolving.  We used to use cash, then we moved to checks, then credit cards, and now a ton of commerce is conducted digitally.   The finance/payment system has continued to change and evolve and become more convenient.   There have been laws like the Fair Credit Billing Act that protected consumers and extended more ease and flexibility in making payments on things.  Crypto people talk as if nothing has changed, or is changing in banking and that's completely false.  In fact, banking is becoming more decentralized.   We used to have to visit physical brick-and-mortar banks to conduct many transactions that now can be done via robotic ATMs, and now we can do these things on our phones!  Every day, the system gets better.  I get a text message to let me know what's going on with my account.  That's pretty cool.  Maybe in 20 years, something like that will be built into Bitcoin?


Are you ok with 1% of the world's population controlling over half of its wealth?  Do you think that's peachy?  I guess if you're the 1% it looks great.
I suspect one reason why you like crypto is the decentralized nature of it - the notion that it cannot be controlled by any monolithic institution, but you'd be wrong in that assumption because of the disproportionate ownership of the limited shares.   If the public controlled 4% of a company, and a few people controlled 96%, the idea that you have any influence over the future of that company is laughable.


First, good luck getting all those minarchist cats organized into lining up behind some kind of central authority in order to combat the Chinese.   That is antithetical to the whole notion of what crypto is about.   Plus, it would involve a ton of money being thrown into a bottomless pit trying to see who can get to the bottom first and win the prize of temporarily controlling a single blockchain block.... wash, rinse and repeat... over and over... wasting tremendous amounts of resources.  This adds nothing to the value of bitcoin.
Second, the idea that you can fork your way out of all the security's many inherent flaws is an admission of the project's complete and utter failure.  Every time a crypto forks, it becomes a memory of itself, less valuable, less stable, less dependable.   That's like having a single check and constantly erasing its value and handing it to another person.  In a very short period of time, nobody is going to accept it.  This is basically what's been happening to bitcoin in the last 5 years.
Wow.   What an appealing alternative to the current, working monetary system!
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:30:47
Nope.   Not at all.
I just don't use Government as an excuse to avoid acknowledging my role in being responsible for the state that we're in.
*We* are the government.  Unless you live in a totalitarian regime, you have some influence over who rules over you.  If you refuse to acknowledge that, then you hand that power over to somebody else.  When you do, don't blame it anybody else.  It was your choice.
@_date: 2019-09-27 14:34:52


* clean water
* navigable waterways
* national forests
* libraries
* schools
* parks
* power and utility service
* sewerage and garbage pickup
* fire departments
* police protection
* military protection
* protected property ownership
* building and safety codes
* reliable air travel
* interstate highways
etc.. etc..
@_date: 2019-09-28 04:12:24


Likewise, just because you've never seen a pink unicorn dressed in a garter belt singing Madonna songs, doesn't mean it cannot be done eventually.


How is it viable?  How is it an alternative?   
Crypto has been around 10 years.  It still has not found a practical use-case that doesn't involve illegal, criminal activity.
If you disagree, present your evidence.
I just spent quite a bit of time giving you details evidence on why central banking works and why de-centralized banking doesn't.  And all you have to say is, perhaps we can try it?  It's tried all the time, each and every day.  
Go on eBay and find someone trying to get $10,000 for a comic book or a beanie baby.  That's that crypto is.  It's someone trying to get an arbitrary amount of value from an object based solely on what you can convince someone else it's worth.. which is detached from any central authority.   Maybe today that comic book is worth $2k, maybe tomorrow it's worth $0.25.  That's the kind of volatility you have in a market without centralized mandated acceptance.
Bitcoin is only worth what you can convince someone else to pay for it.  There is no infrastructure that guarantees it will have future value.  Rarity is not a guarantee of value.  There are tons of super rare things that are not worth squat.  
This arbitrary thing works ok for random objects we have personal affection for, but not as a means to transfer value for critical needs.  Maybe your Star Wars action figures return a profit.. but there's a good chance they won't.  Don't bet your future on it if you're smart.


Online gambling was killed without killing the Internet. 
If you're in a jurisdiction that outlaws online gaming, there's a pretty effective moratorium on it from where you are.  Yea, you can use VPNs to get around that, and you're free to gamble and lose your money, but you may find if you actually win a bunch of money that suddenly the authorities are aware and you ain't getting that money.  The same thing goes with crypto.  If the municipality in which you reside wants, at any time, they can clamp down on your net-based activity and seize your assets without interfering with the internet proper.  
Disagree?  Roll the dice.
How much of your life savings are you willing to risk on this scheme?  You think crypto will become ubiquitous?  Then put all your money into it?  Oh you're unwilling to do that?  This is because it's foolish to do so, for the reasons I've presented.


This is where crypto enthusiasts leave the financial discussion and sit at the little children's table.
This notion that inflation is 100% evil reflects a complete lack of understanding of the financial system, society and history.   With deflationary securities, market volatility is much more pronounced.  One reason we abandoned the gold backed standard was because it brought about rather abrupt financial hardships in the 1920s.  Also, the concept of borrowing and fractional lending is a fundamental principal that allows people to improve their quality of life.  
Ask any economist who has any knowledge and experience and they'll recognize a deflationary currency is not suitable as a currency.  It would encourage hoarding and not spending, and an inability to spend fiat makes fiat, not currency.  You can't have it both ways.  Investments is investment, currency is separate.  Currency is meant to be spent and not have any intrinsic value.  
Don't believe me?  Look around?  You can't use bitcoin for squat.  Because converting it is troublesome and it's too volatile for merchants to want to manage and accept.  Fiat is not supposed to be volatile like that.  It sucks as a security, and it sucks as fiat currency.  So what is it good for?  Libertarian utopian dreams.


That's bullshit.  You can wire transfer money within seconds.    I don't know what archaic financial technology you're basing your example on, but it's completely inaccurate.  Plus, you make the assumption that dealing with crypto would be more convenient and faster, and that's also bullshit because 99.9% of most entities don't accept crypto.
Let me know if you can actually cite a practical case where crypto excels over traditional methods - you have yet to provide that.  Wiring money is much easier with Western Union, anywhere in the world, than it is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-20 02:02:41
The edges on the great pyramids at the end are much duller than those near the top.
@_date: 2019-09-28 15:50:17


Not at all.  I enjoy our conversation and I hope you don't think I'm bothered or annoyed and I don't want to do the same to you.
@_date: 2019-09-20 02:00:58
Totally not true.  You can get a 2014 Ford Fiesta with base trim.
@_date: 2019-09-27 14:38:22


Such a lame, tired libertarian talking point.
If you don't like living in a civilized society that has rules and laws that occasionally inconvenience you, you are free to move to Somolia or someplace else.  
Your argument is like living inside a grocery store, eating product off their shelves and complaining when they want you to pay for it.
You don't like the US monetary system?  Fine, go somewhere else.  Build your own infrastructure and create your own community and see how easy it is without an organized central authority and some form of taxation to maintain shared resources.