@_author: amitnkalra
@_date: 2018-01-29 01:21:42
Hi guys! I'm Amit! My friend Sam and I built this app to manage all of our Cryptocurrencies in one spot without putting our personal information in. We're 17 years old and I'm from California while Sam is from Germany. We've been featured on the Top Charts in many countries and I'm posting it here because I believe you guys will really like it!  The app is called Bittracker and is available here on the iOS App Store! AppStore.com/BittrackerCryptoCoinTracker Thank you! Hope you guys enjoy :)
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:52:05
@_date: 2018-02-11 21:18:03
Hi guys! I'm Amit! My friend Sam and I built this app to manage all of our Cryptocurrencies in one spot without putting our personal information in. We're 17 years old and both WWDC Scholars! I'm from California while Sam is from Germany. We've been featured on the Top Charts in many countries and we’ve been dominating! I'm posting it here because I believe you guys will really like it! 
If you guys have multiple Cryptocurrency wallets, you can checkout Bittracker on the iOS App Store! It lets you store your total amount you have and you can continuously watch your total amount, and see how much you're gaining or losing without checking multiple apps! It's so easy! It supports Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin Cash, Ripple, IOTA, and multiple other coins!﻿
The best part is that you don't even have to open the app! Just swipe down from the Notification Center to see the current prices of your coins/tokens and even how much your amount is worth! 
But wait... maybe you don’t want to go through the hassle of pulling out your phone. No worries, we gotchu! Just glance down at your wrist and you can see the same information on your Watch within the Watch app! Not only that, but you can even set Bittracker to be a part of your Watch Face so you’ll be able to see all your information without doing anything… at all! 
Or maybe you're just chillin' at home in the living room and want to sit back, relax, and see your total Cryptocurrencies amount value grow! You can do that with our TV app too! It’s never been more simple to use Bittracker!
The app is called Bittracker and is available here on the iOS App Store! Hope you guys enjoy :)