@_author: amlast
@_date: 2017-12-04 11:00:19
Those two points are contradictory - if something **is** a currency there's no need to "cash it out" 
People need to stop pretending to themselves that BTC is a currency we want to use. It's a speculative commodity that we want to liquidise into a real currency later on (when we've made enough gains)
@_date: 2017-12-04 02:05:03
"They're fighting for the currency"
"Trust me, these two have made you money."
These contradict each other.
@_date: 2017-12-10 11:58:10
Anyone who is new to this sub please follow some simple rules
1. The price of whatever crypto you hold goes up only if people pay more than you did. Make sure to tell everyone how great it is.
2. The value goes down if people sell. Do anything and everything you can to make people hold or regret selling
3. Attack economics and modern banking, they are the devil (except when they in any way accept crypto, then they are great, like futures!)
4. Tell people what a great currency crypto is, but make sure to write a post when you finally "cash out" to a real currency to buy a house or a car
5. Make sure to point out that Bitcoin is truly decentralised (totally not controlled by a handful of miners)
6. Most of all have fun!
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:15:55
I've held (and mined) cryptos since 2013. Keypoint there is held, not "spent".
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:01:23
There is large BTC interest by people in finance, always has been. I work in very large market infrastructure, and we have whitepapers etc on the blockchain tech, internal BTC groups (interest groups) and overall general interest
The "bankers hate BTC" trope is silly stuff
@_date: 2017-03-20 13:32:17
Banks have held safety deposits, gold, bearer bonds, etc for a long time
No reasons why they won't eventually be interested in the same safekeeping and fees services for BTC (once they sort out risk and demand is high enough) 
Actually, this thread is the perfect example of future demand..
Individual wants to buy 800k worth of BTC, so OP acts as a broker (handling the wallet, purchasing, market knowledge etc) and with that amount of cash on the line, it's also likely there would be demand for a future secure highly rated institution to safekeep his holdings
Bear in mind, BTC (and cryptos in general) are among the most volatile risky currencies/commodities in existence, this makes financial institutions nervous of handling them (hell there are stable national currencies we don't even handle due to risk). Over time when this settles down and BTC, etc gets more established then I wouldn't be surprised to see banks (and related institutions) quickly gravitating toward cryptos
And as mentioned, banks are BIG into the blockchain tech, which is further driving their understanding of and familiarity with BTC
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:46:52
I'm not sure what your point is. If I want to buy explosives, automatic sub-machineguns, certain types of poison, dangerous chemicals, heroin, hire hitmen, etc.. I should be able to because "I want to".. ?
That makes no sense. They are illegal for a reason. Not to mention the public, the majority, demands they are illegal.
@_date: 2017-01-11 16:14:18
The only reason why myself and other people who own BTC want others to hold is so that we can protect our own investments
There are no higher principles at play here, every post is just attempting the same from another angle, people just want to max their investments or minimise their losses, essentially a circle-jerk/echo chamber of greed
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:59:08
I am not sure what "widespread adoption" is supposed to mean here - people don't spend currencies that increase in value, they hoard them, doesn't matter how "small" they are.
@_date: 2017-08-02 06:33:17
You've just demonstrated why there could be a demand for some type of "crypto safeholder" (like Coinbase)
* Cryptos can be quite technically complex
* Holding several coins can be time-consuming
* There is no recourse if I make a mistake - it's gone!
* Other constant risks include: scams, hacks, malware, technical failures (USB harddrives)
* Whether it's a small amount or a very large amount, being solely responsible with no insurance can be stressful
The big problem is: could we trust crypto safeholders? they may sound good on paper, but there is no actual information available on their fundamentals, their equity, their capital, i.e. how strong a "crypto institution" they are
So if there were some standards, like independent external crypto rating agencies that could rate crypto safeholders - we would be able to have more confidence in them if their information were openly available to everyone
But what's to protect them (and our holdings!) if there is some sort of crisis? what if they have temporary liquidity issues? We'd need some sort of central crypto institution to regulate them, keep them in line and make sure they didn't fail at critical moments
Welcome to finance people. I know many here are distrustful or wary of it, heck some are openly hostile toward it, but it's fundamentals are quite rooted in common sense and practical solutions
@_date: 2017-01-03 15:15:19


People hold cash and spend cash.
People hold bitcoin. But only a tiny, tiny minority actually use it as a currency.
I'm a bitcoin holder, yet I have no use for it as a currency. I know several other bitcoin holders and again, all but one don't use it as a currency (and the one who does, does so only to buy illegal substances on the internet)
@_date: 2017-08-01 07:00:26


Yeah, no. Guns, weapons, drugs, illicit services.
@_date: 2016-12-03 15:03:57
This is why people go toward the "safe" currencies like USD, GDP, JPY, EUR
Ironically, if there were some sort of global financial crisis, BTC would jump
Investors go towards US treasuries (seen safer even than FIAT) - and but short term speculators would be very interested in BTC (it should spike during any global crash - like gold)
@_date: 2016-12-28 20:50:18
Even when the demand has nothing to do with practicality and everything to do with profit?
No one who holds gold is in it because they want to see gold "grow", it's because they want to see the fiat value of their holdings going up
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:06:48


And speculation is speculation - which is thoroughly grounded in greed, not any sense of principles
Bitcoin is more Wall str than Wall str - which I'm fine with, but it's worth pointing out the irony of it all
@_date: 2017-08-01 06:59:03
With no common sense rules/regulations, people's mortgages, pensions, livelihoods, etc can be put under risk. 
To coin an analogy, if there were no regulations or mods or rules on r/bitcoin, what would happen? we know from experience it goes to shit fairly quick. Common sense (and ironically centralised)
Free markets are essential, but with common sense limitations
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:19:06


There are debit/credit cards for all sorts of currencies. 


It's almost entirely unregulated


You cannot buy insurance on crypto


People don't spend currencies that accrue 300% value in a year - they horde them
Bitcoin is excellent as a form of digital gold. Excellent as a type of "money". Terrible as any form of national currency (in it's current form)
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:19:13


It does, but the current dollar value has little or nothing to do with that. 


Which is to do with wealth not practicality
@_date: 2016-12-26 22:30:54
There's an active BTC (and crypto-currency) group in my company - it contains directors and so on - employees who are interested. There have been several white-papers on the subject, I mean we're a financial group, of course there's interest.
There is massive interest in blockchain tech, I cannot stress that enough. Projects have started, they are testing loading trades into virtual ledgers - I would wager that most large banks and market infrastructure institutions have their own projects ongoing
The narrative of the "evil banks, and governments and etc" all out to stop BTC is so idiotic I don't know where to start
@_date: 2017-08-01 17:31:51
Not in a court of law. 
@_date: 2016-12-03 14:59:55


If I was a gambling man, BTC right away
But I'm not, I need security vs risk, so I'd put it into almost any other currency
@_date: 2016-12-26 10:34:02
Silly stuff. I work in vital market infrastructure (we move approx USD 2 trillion in cash/securities per day) and there is on-going interest in BTC and huge interest in blockchain technology
@_date: 2017-11-11 13:39:55
No, you are witnessing people buying another crypto that is rising at a mental rate over one that isn't
Once you understand that money drives this - it all makes perfect sense
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:07:25
I know what arbitrage is, I work in finance. I've made one highly relevant point in this thread. People are into BTC as an investment, as a cash return, rising value. A speculative digital commodity. That's the draw. I havent' seen any evidence to the contrary and I don't know why there is any difficulty understanding/accepting this notion.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:42:56
Explain why? I've been in since 2013 and have never come across a single comment genuinely explaining otherwise. 
As far as I can tell, every single holder of BTC wants it to be worth more. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 18:20:29
Bitcoin goes up in value because someone else is paying more than you did. It doesn't accrue interest - yeah neither do shares.


Except for black market use it's highly unsuitable as a currency, which is why people aren't using it as a currency, they are hoarding it
* It's value is increasing exponentially - people hoard it, don't spend it
* It's extremely volatile - highly unsuitable for businesses and companies
* There is no recourse - one mistake and it's gone
* Technically complex
* Deposits are not insured 
* Exchange risk (not independently rated by external third parties)
* Can't be used if no electricity or no internet 
* Cryptos are susceptible to forks, bugs, hacks and 51% attacks
* It's value is derived from a completely unregulated market where insider trading, collusion, market manipulation are not only common, but aren't illegal
* The people we elect can't enact fiscal or monetary controls over it (e.g. controlling inflation)
* There is no recourse if there is a crash
The list goes on and on
@_date: 2017-11-02 10:00:14
Oh there is large adoption - as a high-cash return investment
No one spends something that is rising in value so fast - they hoard it
No one should be kidding themselves, this is all about the value and cash return. 
@_date: 2017-04-28 11:07:45
R3 aside, most banks are v interested in distributed ledger and blockchain tech, especially market infrastructure
JPM will likely set up (or increase funding for its own project) or team up with someone else
@_date: 2017-04-26 09:30:48
BTC peaked at around 1200 in the bubble frenzy end of 2013, it's now just over that
LTC peaked at almost 50, so it's reasonable to suggest it may possibly reach that in a year
Anyway who cares right? we want crypto currencies to be stable for real world use or we want them worth more fiat so we can "cash out" for more? hmm ;)
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:27:01
The dollar is the traditional reserve currency for oil-trading. It could be the Euro or the Yuan. Switching out of the reserve currency is typically a political statement and often isn't practical
A bit like someone in a job who refuses to use Windows for personal reasons, switches to Linux just to make a point - and then has to deal with all the issues that arise with that
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:24:24
You don't get to vote on the secondary market 
It's unregulated. You can start a cartel of 50, 100, 200, 1000 traders and pump coins. 
The market determines the value of BTC
The single most important aspect of BTC to the market is it's dollar value 
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:35:26


Bitcoins tech could remain the same, but if exchanges systemically started banning the sale or exchange of Bitcoin it's value would crash down to virtually nothing
That's because it's value is almost totally market based. Investors, people who want to make cash, speculators (and people who desire it for blackmarket use)
You can explain to me what it's tangible real world uses and added value will be for the next 5 years if you like
I'd genuinely like to know (apart from SoV, speculative and blackmarket use)
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:48:07
Instead of debating the issue - you stick to ad hominem, fine
I'm just telling you right now, that the real world practical use of blockchain and distributed ledger is starting to happen everywhere
Thanks to BTC (and smart contract coins like Ethereum).. but the coins themselves are not critical, they are literally just tokens whose main use is ourselves betting and gambling on them on the secondary market
Like I said, they could all disappear overnight and it wouldn't make any different to the real world application and progress in that area
And like I said, BTC is a great speculative investment vehicle.. but it's just a sandbox for tech 
@_date: 2017-09-14 12:26:04
How to be a bitcoin supporter
1. Filter out all negative information about cryptos as FUD
2. Attack anything that could potentially decrease the fiat value of our BTC holdings
3. Downvote anyone who deviates from this investor group-think
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:13:23


In what way am I wrong?
You are holding BTC in the hopes it's worth more fiat than you paid for it. That's an investment. That's greed.


What service? It's a speculative commodity like others. It just has a spectacular return (so far)
Unless you are using it to buy drugs (or other blackmarket) your only logical reason to hold BTC is to gain future fiat value. The only way it goes up is if other speculators pay more for it than you did.
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:48:04
Can we cut the mental gymnastics - it's pure greed.
Happy when it's worth more fiat, sad and panicked when it's worth less
It's all about how much our investment rises. The only reason it goes up is because some person is paying more for it than you did - because they expect it to rise higher
@_date: 2017-10-10 18:43:52
Because few of these things are illegal, just cost-cutting or unethical, so they get fined (often huge amounts) Ignorance isn't an excuse. Regulators are notoriously tough, esp after the financial crisis
JPM still function and provide services normally as a financial institution. 
People in this sub are angry with them because their CEO called BTC a scam, therefore will be constantly attacking them
He's partially right, BTC (whilst being an excellent form of digital gold) is a rubbish currency (unstable, volatile, risky, people hoard it) and a great facilitator of black market use (fraud, money laundering, etc)
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:10:17
You aren't criticizing it, you are subjectively dismissing it as "a lack of understanding"
It doesn't address points, it's a lazy and ad hominem way of subjectively claiming that someone doesn't grasp something without explaining why
It's the equivalent of a decentralisation fundamentalist dismissing someone's view because they used the word centralised - without giving any logical reason
@_date: 2017-10-12 15:39:04


You don't spend Bitcoin, you hoard it. Why? because it's value is rising. People don't spend or use something when it's value is rising (significantly faster than the inflation rate)
It's volatile, risky, unstable. It's value is derived from "Wild West" markets where insider trading, collusion, market manipulation, etc are not only common, but not illegal (this is why we can see huge swings, e.g. 40% in 24 hours)
No stability mechanisms, no regulation, no protection whatsoever
It's technically complex, all risk is personal (one mistake and it's gone), no insurance, no recourse. You can't use it if no internet, no electriticy. It can't be used physically (large portions of third world countries can forget about it)
People we elect would have absolutely no common sense basic monetary or fiscal controls to curb e.g. inflation. Couldn't mitigate a crisis or crash. 
Cryptos themselves are susceptible to forks, hacks, bugs, etc. We don't know what's going to happen in a month, let alone a year. How could pensions, savings, mortgages, business debt, government bonds be organised under such conditions
The motto in basically every crypto forum is "don't put in more than you can lose"
On the flipside - I can pay for anything in seconds (chip/pin, debit/credit, etc), it's accepted everywhere, it's insured, there is recourse, my deposits are insured (by an independently externally rated third party), I can earn interest on holdings. It's stable, low-risk, low on volatility. I've spent less in bank fees in 3 years than I have in crypto transfer fees in 3 months.
I can use it physically, in any conditions. My pension can be calculated, mortgage, savings, investments, etc.
Despite certain drawbacks (e.g. slow bank to bank money transfers) in terms of sheer practicality and common sense, one functions as a national currency - the other doesn't even come close
The only retort to this I've ever seen anyone attempt is the "future argument". That somehow in the future it will "work itself out". Unless it's properties change *dramatically* then it will retain the same negatives as it has now - that's just logic
As it currently stands, Bitcoin is an excellent (if risky) highly speculative commodity, aka digital gold. It's an excellent form of "money" for black market uses. However it's a dreadful currency (which is why retailers accepting BTC have been decreasing)


Your personal subjective world view


Personally I've gotten quite a few people into crypto over the last 4 years. At no point in that equation is anyone in it to make less fiat. They are there to make more fiat - end of story. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:34:26
Oh I remember bigger drops too, April 2013, Gox, etc
@_date: 2017-10-13 10:57:06


Not at all. e.g. banks in conjunction with other banks are developing their own blockchain and especially DL tech to speed up linear processes internally, such as cross-border settlement. Many banks are engaging in this, I know this, I work in the industry, I am sitting a few meters away from our development whitepaper on this.
For example, market infrastructure, such as a settlement bank requires a huge amount of linear processes to service their clients (banks). With their own blockchain and DL tech (including developing crypto with smart contracts) they can streamline activity and cut costs
Banks are also (tentatively) joining public blockchains such as RippleNet (as a service and most in the testing phase)
Market infrastructure with 400 to 1400 clients can operate a distributed ledger with tech built on top - and have nothing to do with the risky, volatile, unregulated secondary market
The technology that BTC uses a long the way can be used by others in their development of their own BC and DL tech - but the actual use of BTC is entirely separate
There is zero industry need for BTC, like I said, it could die tomorrow and everything would continue on as normal
@_date: 2017-10-12 11:05:27
In the midst of all the delirium have to point out the irony: how us Bitcoin holders are happiest when it's worth more fiat
It gets even worse, due to the value rising at this rate, less incentive to spend as a currency, more incentive to hoard
It's pure greed and nothing else 
@_date: 2017-10-10 19:12:07
Normal crypto as a national currency
* People hoard as it's value increases
* Unsuitable for general and business use due to high volatility
* High personal use risk with no recourse (wrong address, malware, etc)
* High personal software/hardware risk (e.g. handling life savings)
* Crypto risk - forks, scaling issues, bugs, hacks, etc
* Highly suitable for black market use and tax evasion
* Technically complex
* No physical use (coins/paper)
* Unable to use if no electricity/internet
* High transaction fees
* Slow payments (e.g. 30+ minutes for confirmations)
* No independently rated third party safe-keepers, no properly regulated exchanges, no proper regulated infrastructure
* Value dictated by market with no rules/regulations (insider trading, collusion, cartels, etc are common)
* Unstable (ICOs and coins may be scams)
In their current form, most crypto's are highly unsuitable for use as any form of national currency (replacing fiat)
Just to address the below


Simply not true. 


A myth. 7 years ago it was just as volatile as it is now.


True, that's because it's the most used currency. BTC is a better facilitator.


Which is why it's constantly used for e.g. ransomware.. with the address blatantly shown
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:34:01
I've heard this mantra non-stop for 4 years
It's a fiat-making investment device with value derived from a unregulated speculative secondary market. People hoard it, they don't spend it (except for blackmarket use)
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:18:47


Yes I work in market infrastructure and we had to deal with it. It was an aggregate drop of 6% and despite rebounding almost instantly and the market mechanisms - the drop caused significant issues and had an impact
Crypto's have dropped over 25% several times this year alone and have stayed down. That would be catastrophic for any economy.


It's not perfect but has been working for 400 years. There was a once-in-a-lifetime systemic crash and the US pulled out of it in 2 and a half years (after dragging it's heels)
It can be slow, cumbersome.. some dreadfully archaic linear processes (I know), but you get paid on time, your parents get paid, your grandparents get their pensions, mortgages, interest payments, savings accounts, deposit insurance
I can pay in seconds for stuff, it's insured, I'm covered, I pay a small amount a year for my bank account (a hell of a lot less than I've spent in crypto fees), it's accepted everywhere, it's relatively stable
Crypto on the other hand is inherently unstable, volatile, risky as hell, I have over 30 coins - the wallets alone are a nightmare, I lost coins on an exchange, I never move large amounts because of the risk and the whole thing is a rollercoaster (just look at our motto - "don't invest more than you can afford to lose")
And don't talk to me about corruption - crypto is king of the underworld. The tax evasion going on here alone would be eye-watering. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 10:12:42
I take a more realistic view. 
Fantastic speculative digital commodity (or SoV) driven by a "Wild West" market with no rules. 
The nightmare scenario would be this stuff actually stabilising and approaching anywhere near a normal functional practical currency
Thankfully that's highly unlikely, and the cash frenzy continues
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:30:34
Obtuse response.
Huge rises recently, much be all these appreciative people so interested with the "tech" of Bitcoin gold. Absolutely nothing to do with free fiat. $$$.
@_date: 2017-10-24 16:44:02


And if it was going down instead of vertically up?


Exactly, that's because you are taking a risk. The value could shift significantly up *or* down.
Many people who have mortgages, kids, obligations, etc could not remotely take the kind of risk you are taking
@_date: 2017-09-04 16:05:58


We make cash hand over fist on these cryptos exactly because they don't have widespread use as currencies. People don't spend something that rises - they hoard it. 
If any crypto is adopted for widespread use as a currency, it will have to be at least as stable as currencies are now. No more volatility, risk, instability = no more crazy gains 
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:08:11
As long as he understands the risks he is taking and that his idea has virtually no practical or financially sound basis to it
The amount of upvotes and encouragement he is getting is ridiculous also
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:27:01
The dollar is the traditional reserve currency for oil-trading. It could be the Euro or the Yuan. Switching out of the reserve currency is typically a political statement and often isn't practical
A bit like someone in a job who refuses to use Windows for personal reasons, switches to Linux just to make a point - and then has to deal with all the issues that arise with that
@_date: 2017-10-13 10:36:37
Market rules
Insider trading, collusion, cartels, manipulation, etc are all common on the unregulated market that dictates the value, fluctuations and volatility of Bitcoin. 
The volatility which prevents it from approaching anywhere near being a usable currency. Retailers accepting BTC are down. 
It still gets use as a type of money - unfortunately it excels at blackmarket use, randomware, laundering (combined with other coins) and eye-watering amounts of tax evasion 
The tech is great - but large industry are realising they can create their own safer, centralised blockchain and DL tech
It's a speculative cashcow. If it disappeared tomorrow, the world wouldn't blink - why? because there's no reliance on it. 
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:03:28


Every currency is from USD to NGN to the lowest cap currencies. 
BTC just makes fraud easier. Ransoms - easier. Money laundering? easier. Purchasing drugs? easier. 
Tax evasion? as I already mentioned, ask yourself to you pay capital gains on your BTC gains? does anyone here?
And as already mentioned, in 4 years, the only time I have witnessed BTC being used as a currency.. is to buy drugs.
I hold BTC, it doesn't mean I can't point out the obvious
@_date: 2017-10-10 21:42:31
Had a straw poll recently on my local crypto forum. Let's just say, it wasn't a high number
@_date: 2017-10-13 09:45:37
As someone who's been into crypto for a good few years - it's just one giant speculative cash frenzy
From ICO's, to alt's that get pumped, to Bitcoin - it's pure Wall Street without the rules and regulations
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:06:54
There's risk you could get hit by a meteorite
There's a risk you could get cancer
Obviously one of those has a far higher chance of occurrence than the other
Crypto's, by their nature, are among the riskiest and most volatile financial assets in the world
Why would someone convert their liquid cash, into such an asset, then "live off" the asset. It makes no sense on a risk level, it makes no sense on a practical level and it makes no sense on a financial level
The only reason is to "prove a point" and take a higher risk than normal
Thankfully for this guy it's 2017 and not 2014
@_date: 2017-10-10 19:55:33


No, currency is not supposed to be an asset. If it rises (due to speculation) people will not spend it and that has a critical effect on the economy
BTC has risen 400% in months.


It has a bigger cap than some currencies in the world


When will it be ready to be a currency? give a date. I've been waiting 4 years - in that time we've seen retailers accepting BTC actually declining. Who wants to pay 2 dollars for a coffee, wait 30 mins for it to verify, and 8 dollars for a transaction fee


No it's easier to use BTC to buy illegal substances. Ive been into crypto for years and that is the *only* use of it as a form of money I've ever witnessed. 
How many people on this subreddit are paying tax on their BTC holdings do you think?


It's technically complex. I end up having to buy coins for people because the process is a nightmare to them. Then I have to hold it on a wallet or my ledger. You can forget about the public easily grasping it - they don't.


I can go most places without having to use physical cash. I can pay in seconds with chip and pin. All of it is insured and covered. It's excepted everywhere. That said there are many situations where I still need physical cash, where it's not always possible to use internet/wireless. It's essential. 
I can't do that with crypto. Until the infrastructure for crypto is in place *and better* then the public aren't going to see a reason to switch
Why spend assets that accumulate in value (crypto) when I can just spend cash?
Why convert cash to crypto just to spend?
Can't just wave away that issue and pretend it doesn't exist 


No, we can use physical cash. Coins, notes. Poor countries use these much more often.


I send cash orders abroad every month, it's free.


True. My SEPAs to coinbase typically take 24 hours. Ironically blockchain tech and DLT by financial institutions is likely to speed this up.
Which is going to happen a long time before any decentralised crypto ever becomes a currency


No they don't. They have rules, limits and regulations. You can go on 4chan right now and pump any crypto.
And there are no crypto safekeepers who are independently rated. The exchanges can go down any time. 


??? ICOs account for a significant portion of the entire market cap, and a high percentage of the number of coins - and there's no defense of this. We just accept they are a scam. 


Absolutely - I think BTC is an excellent form of digital gold (store of value)
But it would be horrendous as a currency. A 20% dip would destroy a country overnight. Fluctuations would mean businesses on tight margins could not pay their employees at scheduled times. Market manipulators, rogue nations, whales could easily spook markets and drive sharp rises and falls (we learnt this the hard way in the past). A fork could end an economy, the uncertainty alone. 
On top of all this.. the people we elect could do nothing. They would be powerless to curb inflation, to curb crashes, to mitigate crises - normal monetary and fiscal actions that are essentially to the day-to-day running of economies
"Well in the future it will work itself out"
It's an anti-currency right now, no one is spending it, the ecosystem for it as a currency is disappearing. 
Now imagine it suddenly stabilised, didn't rise in value.. how do you think this sub would react..
what does that tell you about what this sub's true motives are?
So much horseshit here, I don't know why people bother
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:24:58


Subjective. I have no idea of what your "capital growth" is, whether it's real, whether it's fictional. 


Glad for your personal interest in the tech. The market (which fuels the value) is interested in the cash value and returns
@_date: 2017-05-04 23:08:29
What's happening is brilliant, and I believe it's the start of something bigger
But just because I hold BTC (have been holding since 2013), doesn't mean I can't make valid criticism, or critical observations, or correct bad information about finance or banking. It doesn't mean I should have to circle-jerk about how bad fiat is, I use it every day with relative ease, minimum volatility and risk
This shouldn't be some militant populist echo chamber, where valid critics are labelled shills or trolls or propagandists. It's a digital currency, among many, with positives and negatives, potential and flaws, and we should be able to have normal rational discourse about it without this partisan "with us or against us" mentality. It's toxic. 
Keep it open minded
@_date: 2017-05-03 10:34:04
I like this sub but at the end of the day this is a sub where people literally have money on the line, most are holders. People literally have a financial reason to dismiss/downvote/disregard any information that could potentially diminish the value of their holdings 
If there is any debate, it can be very one-sided. Couple that with a site that rewards popularity, that's the perfect recipe for an echo-chamber
Again, no biggie, just as long as people realise it though
@_date: 2017-05-03 07:57:31
Paid by who? for what reason? - not answered
As a holder, expressing negative views of BTC/cryptos, especially on a subreddit (no matter how valid) is generally not popular. So for some, the shill narrative is easier to digest than the possibility that something they support is flawed or can be criticised.
@_date: 2017-05-01 09:13:25
I work in a bank, the industry is extremely interested in blockchain tech, because it can potentially save larger banks and market infrastructure a vast amount of money
@_date: 2017-07-02 08:28:39
Everything in our life is controlled or regulated by a central authority - democracy, free press, the internet, the "open" road, Reddit, r/bitcoin..
Nothing wrong with the principle of it if it's done right and with common sense. 
@_date: 2017-07-16 06:57:19


To be honest it's always full of this. If it isn't Bitcoin FUD, it's Ethereum FUD or financial/economic FUD and conspiracies
@_date: 2017-05-09 08:40:12
From the article - 
"Granted, Thiel’s warning was pretty mild compared to others over the years. He even added to the end of his comments “… but we do not make investment decisions for the citizens.” He told investors they must take responsibility for themselves. There is no need to prohibit bitcoin use, he added, as long as you’re not breaking any anti-money laundering laws.
Further to his defense, that’s probably sound advice. Bitcoin’s value has a track record of rising then plummeting — no-one wants to see grandma put all her retirement savings into bitcoin only to watch the price crash by 30%."
Seems like common sense. 
@_date: 2017-07-03 07:18:56
Doesn't matter who owns the bonds - the Maduro gov is absolutely desperate to raise cash to cover imports. If they default on the bonds, that's it, shows over for them - no more borrowing, can't afford to pay the police/military
@_date: 2017-07-01 15:17:49
Plenty of cranks like this guy, it's always the same drivel.. nefarious evil power magically controlling the world, if it's not the NWO, it's the Illuminati, the Jews, Bilderberg, Skull and Bones, Bush family, Obama (antiChrist version), Clinton dynasty, Aliens (several types here), Freemasons, blah blah blah
Swallowed hook, line and sinker by mindless unquestioning sheep. 
It's one very tiny step up from flat-earthers - it's that level of stupidity, ignorance, and ability to use elementary reasoning
Remember, hundreds of years of in-depth medical research by thousands of qualified physicians, surgeons, researchers, experts, doctors, academia is all made up, it's all rigged.. and the "secret" is here in my latest book! 
@_date: 2017-07-01 07:24:57
The author is a loon
"Griffin's writings include a number of views regarding various political, defense and health care interests. In his book World Without Cancer, he argues that cancer is a nutritional deficiency that can be cured by consuming amygdalin, a view regarded as quackery by the medical community.[1][3][4] He is an HIV/AIDS denialist, supports the 9/11 Truth movement, and supports a specific John F. Kennedy assassination conspiracy theory.[1] Also, he believes the actual geographical location of the biblical Noah's Ark is located at the Durupınar site in Turkey.[5]"
And the book is typical anti-Fed conspiracy fare
@_date: 2017-07-03 08:42:11


Maduro doesn't give a damn, the next gov can deal with that problem (maturity date, Oct 2022) - he's interested in the hundreds of millions of dollars (900mm) that the sale raised
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:24:16
It's a common sense system based on practicality.
@_date: 2017-07-07 17:26:19
Studied economics, currently working in finance (and worked during the crash)
It's a bit Hollywood, but the film "the Big Short" is a half-decent explainer for what happened
Actually central bank actions around the world are what saved our asses, they aren't the banks you should be worried about
@_date: 2017-07-27 00:23:42
What in god's name are you talking about?
This has nothing to do with central banks, nor worldwide money creation
@_date: 2017-07-30 23:17:27
Key point - unknowingly laundering money.
Just because you get handed counterfeit cash and unknowingly you decide to spend it - doesn't mean you are "caught red handed doing business with counterfeiters".. it means you've been unknowingly caught in the middle.
thankfully the law determines a difference
@_date: 2017-07-03 07:54:25


It only frees up that cash (essentially the interest payments, I presume the principle doesn't need to be covered for many years) It's a small price to pay to keep the country's rating - access to essential credit lines
If Goldman didn't buy them at that price, someone would have eventually bought them at a lower price. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 23:27:43
Work in finance here, have seen similar situations happen to banks that had dodgy links (recently)
I can't speak for crypto exchanges, but assuming they take the same steps, then the first thing they do is to stop everything, freeze everything - make sure money movements can't go in or out. 
The second thing they do is get a third party to come in and arbitrate everything. They're going to want to have a look at every aspect, look at the books so to speak and make sure it's done by an independent third party - no insiders or BTC-e employees
Now, depending on how involved BTC-e was, maybe they were used by Vinnik without their knowledge, or maybe they were all in it up to their necks.. either way, those undertaking the investigation have no interest in our funds, they should want to preserve and freeze those
I would be very surprised not to get my funds back from BTC-e (yeah I am one of those dumb enough to have left some on there) **but** I wouldn't expect that to happen any time soon
Again, all this is speculation based on my experience with similar situations for banks and financial institutions.. with crypto exchanges I wouldn't be sure, but this is supposition based on similar techniques
Like everyone else is saying, log on now, get your coins off exchanges - this can happen to any exchange
@_date: 2017-07-07 14:39:13
Central banks protect the public interest against the interests of private banks (which they regulate). They help enact fiscal and monetary policy set by the people we vote into power. They help control inflation, and money supply. They act as a lender of last resort. They help mitigate crashes and severe crises (like the recent 2007/2008 crash)
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:00:53
There aren't any laws here on reddit or r/bitcoin - only a form of regulation, "moderation"
If this didn't exist - it would be chaos
Laws/regulation/rules/moderation are essential for anything mainstream
Personally I prefer if BTC remains outside all of this, to maintain it's volatility, which can equal big gains and losses (potential fiat profits)
.. if the whole thing gets regulated, then it may stabilise, which equals a normal currency exchange with little profits for the little investor
@_date: 2017-07-03 14:11:05
Just about everything in life is regulated in some way for common sense reasons. Free speech, democracy, the internet, this sub.. nothing wrong with fair regulation for a currency
@_date: 2017-07-01 07:06:31
In Europe, SEPA is about 1 or 2 days. Typically if I make the transfer in the morning to Coinbase it will be there next day (early afternoon)
Ironically, this should speed up when financial institutions start using internal blockchain and DL tech. Currently process are very linear (think chain), where each link has to be checked and reconciled .. internal "smart" money looks to speed up that process vastly. Most major banks etc are developing and trialing these systems right now
@_date: 2017-07-27 10:35:01
Why is everyone sharpening their pitchforks?
I just read about the indictment, and it seems pretty fair, it looks like BTC-e or someone in BTC-e helped funnel funds out of MTGox - you know, the hack that screwed a lot of Bitcoin holders
From the link itself
 &gt;"Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin provide people around the world new and innovative ways of engaging in legitimate commerce. As this case demonstrates, however, just as new computer technologies continue to change the way we engage each other and experience the world, so too will criminals subvert these new technologies to serve their own nefarious purposes,"
It seems pretty fair they are going after criminals, money-laundering and the source of the hack. I don't know why this is being twisted into "the US wants to get Bitcoin" narrative 
@_date: 2017-07-07 16:59:40


It wasn't part of the boom/bust cycle, it was a systemic crash that came about due to the factors that I described
@_date: 2017-07-30 23:53:11
re the money-laundering case - it was negligence. They didn't monitor correctly.
"The U.S. bank subsidiary [also] failed to monitor more than $670 billion in wire transfers and more than $9.4 billion in purchases of physical dollars from its Mexico unit."
@_date: 2017-07-07 16:57:29
Not really, it's the best (or least worst) system we have that actually works and has evolved over time through a lot of trial and error
@_date: 2017-07-11 09:49:24
No one has ever spent most cryptos and many of them are worth multiples of their original value
The value is based on speculative investment not spending
@_date: 2017-07-27 15:09:07
Then he shouldn't have set up the Tradehill exchange in San Francisco and been wanted internationally
What do you want, the Russians or the Greeks to go after these guys? you'll be waiting a very long time
@_date: 2017-07-03 16:25:49
Fundamentally many people want "good news" to happen to Bitcoin so the price goes up, so their coin is worth more 
That good news can be anything positive, from acceptance to whatever
BTC is speculative digital gold that can be used as a niche unregulated currency, which can fluctuate heavily in value on a totally free market with no rules, thus attracting a large amount of speculators
Fantastic for what it is
But to become a "real" currency, one where people depend on it for their wages, pensions, mortgages, etc then yes it would need to become much more centralised and regulated
They can't really have both
@_date: 2017-07-30 23:19:58
As mentioned earlier, they didn't know their customers were doing this
They didn't decide to launder drug money, they were used for it - very big difference.. they still got fined because their compliance and AML teams should have done a better job of spotting it
@_date: 2017-07-13 10:04:02
Bitcoin is a speculative commodity/money which people aren't spending as a currency because it's value is rising so fast. It has it's own niche.
It's in a completely different realm/sphere from central banks and management of the economy
@_date: 2017-07-27 11:01:03
Out of sheer laziness I left some crypto on BTC-e, not a huge amount but still it's 4 figures
I understand that traders can't always move their positions off, but average users should do it now
Wouldn't hold up much hope for the 5 to 10 day thing from BTC-e either
@_date: 2017-07-09 15:49:42




It's backed up by data and widely accepted, the GSG meant an influx of external investment in property markets, especially in the US - since the subprime crisis was the trigger for the wider crises, it played a large part


People prefer easy black/white narratives, e.g. moral hazard fundamentalists will always insert the narrative that illegal activity was to blame, anti-Fed fundamentalists blame the Fed, and so on
The reality is that banks, regulators, government, lenders, borrowers and the public were all partly to blame. The strongest hypothesis remains "bubble thinking" aka an across-the-board notion that property prices wouldn't significantly decrease. When the crash came it was catastrophic because a) everyone was operating to such tight margins b) because so much industry collateral became worthless and c) the system was so interconnected, it acted like a fire or a contagion that spread like from the periphery into the very core (in the 1929 crash, banks were far less reliant on each other)
JPM, CITI, BNY are core banks, handling massive repo markets, bilateral trade financing, syndicated new issues (like big IPO's basically, billions)
When these industry players were starting to show cracks, it intensified the panic - banks were hemorrhaging liquidity. It was so bad at one stage, that investors were fleeing liquid cash in favour of US treasury paper - they felt the bonds were safer
The exposure was terrifying. When a certain investment bank collapsed, exposure on one of the largest settlement platforms in the world ran into billions.. which was more than the value of that settlement exchange. So they had to liquidise billions of collateral, whilst not spooking an already panicked market
This was happening all over the world - surreal times
Thankfully most central banks, like the Fed, and pragmatic heads prevailed. Part of the reason why the US pulled out of the crisis in 2 and a half years. Europe faired much worse.
@_date: 2017-07-31 22:25:46
Crypto-currencies are fantastic for black market purchases, and they are excellent digital alternative for any country that is imploding e.g. Venezuela, they are great as an entirely personally controlled asset or store of digital holdings
But.. they are risky. Their value is determined by a "Wild West" market with no rules or laws. The exchanges are not rated or audited. They are volatile and unstable (a 20% drop in 24 hours is not uncommon). They can be subject to hacks, forks, bugs and so on. They are technically complex. They require internet/computers to function (physical payment is essential in many parts of the world) They are personally risky (malware, hacks, wallet scams, etc) with little or no recourse. There's no insurance. The people we elect can't enact fiscal or monetary policy with them (e.g. trying to control inflation). They can't mitigate a financial crash or crisis. They are open to manipulation by large foreign entities (investment banks, cartels, hostile governments, etc). Our motto is "don't put in more than you can afford to lose", as I've mentioned before, not exactly inspirational case for widespread use
On the other hand, with fiat, can pay instantly, chip and pin, debit/credit cards. Relatively stable, less volatile. Accepted everywhere. Deposits can be insured. Fungible, physical. Recourse from scams and theft. An independently rated third party handles the risk. Governments can mitigate crashes and severe crises and help curb inflation (and other economic negatives)
Yeah bank transfers take a long time (ironically internal blockchain tech is likely to speed that up in the future) but apart from that, as a national currency, fiat is more suited as a national currency
If crypto's change, that may change. 
@_date: 2017-07-07 15:42:31
The 2007/2008 crash was systemic, and one of the key facilitators was general belief that US house prices wouldn't significantly drop. It's called "bubble thinking" and was shared by buyers/sellers, lenders/borrowers, across the entire spectrum
Many banks were under-capitalised and over-leveraged, regulation was more fractured, the shadow banking industry (insurers, etc) was not sufficiently regulated, rating agencies (Fitch, Moody's, etc) weren't doing their job properly, new and complex instruments (MBS, CDOs, etc) weren't classified accordingly. A lot of stabilisers and shock absorbers which have since been fitted weren't in place.
Thankfully it's now far harder (but not impossible) for a systemic crisis of that scale to happen again in the near future
@_date: 2017-07-30 15:00:32
The investigation process
Funds will likely be locked until it's done. If it's just this guy acting on his own, it might be done sooner. If the company is fully involved, that process could take much longer
Either way, if btc-e somehow survives this, no one will trade with them again, far too risky. They'll have to likely change their name, rebrand, etc
@_date: 2017-07-03 09:36:11


I presume they've sold the bonds off the portfolio of the central bank's books. It's not the best collateral, but it's still vital collateral leaving the country. At a third of the price (from 2014)... that's a hell of a bargain for GS if Maduro can make the payments. No doubt there must be complex behind-the-scenes agreements to at least give GS confidence that Maduro will cover those coupons.
Ironically, whilst I think Bitcoin in it's current state would make a dreadful national currency.. it does seem to make a good backup "unofficial" currency for an imploding state
@_date: 2017-07-30 23:15:26
If you have a bank, and unknowingly one of the customers launders cash through that bank - and it is discovered, even if the bank knew nothing about it - they are still often punished because they **should** have discovered the situation through due diligence (via compliance, AML)
The key point is knowingly or unknowingly
If BTC-e was unknowingly used by Vinnik to launder - then it's good for BTC-e
If they knew - they are in deep shit
Also BTC-e is a small exchange with a handful of employees dealing with one area
Bank of America has hundreds of operations dealing in many areas. If one of those operations is under investigation (for knowingly or unknowingly) it doesn't mean the rest of the unconnected operations should be shut down for no reason
I have coins on BTC-e, they haven't been "seized", they are 99% frozen pending investigation
@_date: 2017-07-11 09:51:53
In a few years, that is going to be the most overpriced holiday you ever took
@_date: 2017-07-31 10:03:21
Your funds should eventually become available
They may want to investigate clients separately (they may take large amounts only) and see where/how the coins were bought
I would presume we are ok in the long run, but please don't take anything for granted, I've never seen a crypto exchange case, and I hope that BTC-e didn't try to empty accounts as soon as Vinnik was caught
@_date: 2017-07-31 22:09:07
Countries have been printing money for hundreds of years. Unfortunately this is not the sub for objective economic and financial information. 
@_date: 2017-07-29 18:36:31
Typically when an institution or exchange has been involved in something illegal - an investigation will open and they will have to halt activity
Unfortunately I have some crypto's in BTC-e (my own fault) It's deeply unlikely the investigators will "seize" my funds, but they might freeze everything until the investigation is complete
That process could take a shitload of time
There's a chance that, if fraudulent, btc-e could have tried to liquidise client's funds privately in order to "cash out" - that's why the investigators have to shut that shit down fast
If btc-e was a front for this guy they captured, it might be a long time before I see my funds if ever. And if they were innocent (he could have used them to launder without their knowledge), then I reckon it will still be quite a long time
@_date: 2017-06-22 10:54:51
This case is a little odd, but overall, a Bitcoin trader may raise red flags. Normal currency traders may also raise flags with banks
@_date: 2017-06-12 21:04:14
They are overwhelmed, they have sent out emails to explain as such. 40k customers in a day, 640% increase in business in a month. 
It doesn't matter if they have suddenly hired a thousand people - these people need to be trained in. Servers aren't just switched on, they have set-up correctly. New SOPs, new risk measures, new compliance, etc, etc, etc
I'm just as frustrated as everyone else, but I at least understand why they are inundated
@_date: 2017-06-09 11:04:18
You're absolutely right. THink I read the original comment wrong (or maybe it was edited)
@_date: 2017-06-06 18:09:35
False. Current *global* money creation comes from several sources, one of which is central banks. 
It doesn't come out of "thin air" or any of that simplistic retarded nonsense peddled by Alex Jones and Zerohedge. As much as some people with a certain world view want to buy into these myths and tropes ("The Fed has never been audited!"), it doesn't make them any more true
There are enough individuals who support Ethereum spreading crap about Bitcoin and vice versa.. we don't need a third dimension of these financial conspiracy theories and drivel
@_date: 2017-07-07 20:33:33
There was a global savings glut in the 2000's, a significant portion of this went into the US housing market.. naturally property prices started to increase. Due to the competition, mortgage lenders were offering riskier loans to buyers.. the mortgages were being bundled up into mortgage backed securities, which were being sliced and diced into collateralised debt obligations.. structured debt, which was rated AAA, AA.. as people started to default on the underlying mortgages, it wasn't immediately evident. 
TLDR quite a few of these highly rated securities were essentially dogshit (subprime mortgage crisis)
Many big banks (like Lehman's) were using these as collateral, meaning they were heavily exposed. Of course many of these banks were under capitalised and over-leveraged which made things far worse
By the time the market started to realise what was happening, it was already too late. The credit markets instantly seized up, herd panic took over, there was a run on the shadow banking system (like insurer's AIG who were heavily exposed). Sources of liquidity dried up. There was an actual run on a high street bank (Northern Rock) in the UK, like in the film "It's a Wonderful Life"
Just about every major bank and shadow bank had "skin in the game", it's not so much that they were "too big to fail" more "too interconnected to fail"
When this fire started to spread to the core systems, when politicians on both sides (who were more than happy to see Lehman's fail) saw that main street was going to be affected, i.e. when their constituents weren't going to be able to withdraw money - that's when they took action
Of course it's far more complex than that - but that's the core. Personally I find it fascinating. We came very close to the abyss. We are now far better prepared than we were in the past, the regulator (central banks) are still cracking down hard on financial institutions. Everything has tightened up. More fire-fighting tools, more shock absorbers, better oversight, rating agencies were given a shake up (and fined heavily), more stringent credit facilities, better regulation of derivatives, the list goes on and on
Anyone can read up on any of this with the normal sources, wikipedia, investopedia, the economist, etc 
@_date: 2017-06-12 21:04:57
They are hiring like mad, training just takes weeks/months, especially with considering how technical the subject matter is
@_date: 2017-06-27 15:34:17
No one is blaming BTC. But they are associating it with these attacks.
This is now front page news on many outlets - the payment method for the hackers is Bitcoin because they know it's the safest route for ransoms. People will naturally and quite understandable associate Bitcoin with a negative event.
@_date: 2017-06-29 08:23:36
Currencies don't "grow". They aren't "in competition" with each other, a large drop in value can cause issues and a large rise in value can cause issues. They aim to be stable, lack volatility, be resistant to market manipulation and speculation, regulated, deposits insurable, physically usable (where there is no internet/electricity) and so on
A central authority needs to be able to enact monetary and fiscal policy, control inflation and put shock absorbers in place during crises or systemic crashes (we have learnt brutal lessons in the past about this)
@_date: 2017-06-29 21:20:56


Absolutely. Our lives are full of common sense rules and regulations to protect ourselves... from ourselves. Everything from speed limits to bar closing times to tax fines
We surround ourselves with hundreds, if not thousands of rules that are enforceable by a central authority. We've done it for centuries, millennia.
That's because there's a public demand for it. We demand it. Likewise with finance. We don't leave our pensions, savings, investments, holdings, mortgages completely and utterly in the hands of a market with no rules/regulations - we've done that before with disastrous results
Private banks are regulated for a reason. Trading is regulated. Exchanges are regulated. A free market is absolutely essential - but one with common sense rules/regulations. 
The crypto currency market is nothing like that, it's a madhouse where anything goes. Just like the very first trading markets in Italy. It's Wall Street x 1000


Thought there are 700k unique address I believe? That's 0.01% of the world pop. 


That might be quite awhile, over half the world's pop doesn't have access to the internet for a start. And market size means nothing, when the market cap was 1bn we have commentators claiming that it would settle when it was much bigger. Now it's 100 times that size and still crazy as ever (if not crazier)


Everyone I know (which is a fair amount at this stage) is only holding so that in the future their investments are worth more fiat. They don't care about it being a currency, they can already pay in seconds for stuff (chip and pin, debit/credit, etc), it's accepted virtually everywhere, their deposits are insured, risk is handled by an independently rated third party for a small fee. 
The only thing left that's really annoying is bank transfer times, but that will probably speed up in the future.. ironically with blockchain tech and DLT that industry is extremely interested in for just that reason - to speed up the current slow linear system
@_date: 2017-06-05 09:15:09


You do care about price, it's everything. The price crashed 30% recently - the tech was the same. 
Have a mortgage? something spooks the market into a massive crash (herd response) and suddenly you can't afford the payments
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:44:26
"Sorry we can't take you and your money right now" - said no company ever
Look, we all know what's happening. Just join more exchanges, prep yourself for the next correction, have multiple resources and contingencies - that's what the smart people are doing. 
Over time the best exchanges will emerge. For now, spread-bet.
@_date: 2017-06-11 16:47:17


You're a customer of HSBC. Unbeknownst to them, you are working for a Mexican drug gang. You launder cash through them. You get caught, the next day the headlines read "HSBC launders cash for Mexican drug cartels"
HSBC is still considered to be at fault because they didn't do enough due diligence to detect you
A bank is guilty if it knowingly directly does business with a sanctioned or illegal entity - likewise they are guilty if they *unknowingly indirectly* do business with those entities
Typically it's the latter. A little context in these cases is good
@_date: 2017-06-24 10:53:25
Bank lending creates the bulk of money supply, so the value would be unlikely to fall. The total market cap of cryptos is currently not large enough to affect their respective currencies
@_date: 2017-06-15 23:43:20
Seems just about every other crypto subreddit is understandably upset with this particular post 
Here's what u/joekercom had to say over on r/cryptocurrency
"I think people are overreacting a bit. 
 
 * This is a bill about money laundering, digital currencies are swept up in it like everything else. It's not a bill aimed specifically at cryptocurrency
 * On average, only 3% of all bills introduced in the House or Senate are actually signed into law. In the 114th Congress over 12000 bills were introduced, only about 329 actually were signed into law, keep this in mind 
 
 * This bill, like any bill has to get through committee, then a sub-committee, be brought to the Senate for a vote, head to the House, get referred to its committee, get marked up, reconciled...etc etc. Point is there's a lot that needs to happen and bills are heavily modified before they get close the President.
 
The REAL/big problem with this bill is it doubles down on Civil Asset Forfeiture, which has resistance from a large block of Senators who want to reform it or get rid of it. Most notably Rand Paul is a big opponent of Civil Asset Forfeiture, and will likely be a big hinderance to this bill in it's current form.  
This bill faces stiff opposition from pro-business lawmakers and the banking industry because it expands on the already excessive and useless regulations banks have to deal with.  
As others have pointed out, even if it makes it to law in this form (extremely unlikely) it's going to be largely useless against digital currency
  Bottom line is don't worry about this bill until it at least gets out of committee, and on the other hand mounting a defense against it now could help do that, so definitely contact your Reps, but let's not overreact."
People need to *calm down* and be rational when writing/reading these types of posts. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 06:53:42
Nearly every country has a central bank. It's nothing to do with wars or any of that nonsense. It's practical, common sense. It enables the government enact fiscal and monetary policy, controls inflation, regulates private banks, acts as a lender of last resort, mitigates crashes and systemic crises
@_date: 2017-06-12 13:44:16
You do realise that these are conspiracy/misinformation videos and have little bearing on reality
Edit: getting downvoted. Information is freely available online, in print, online encyclopedias (wiki, investopedia, etc), textbooks, trading guides, documentaries on the history of money, the gold standard, fractional reserve banking, central banking, creation of money/credit - not to mention helpful people at r/finance, r/personalfinance, r/economics
On the complete other side of the coin, we have videos (like the above) that target a low information or cynical audience, packed with simplistic black/white narratives, anti-establishment themes, tenuous links, dubious "facts", selective context, exciting conspiracy theories, the usual tropes ("money is created from thin air!", "the Fed is never audited", "you won't learn this in school") - yes the reason you don't learn this stuff in school is because it's generally false, and anyone in first year finance or economics is going to have an aneurysm watching something like that
Anyway, completely up to individual choice
@_date: 2017-06-06 08:42:12
Central banks create money using a similar process (around the world) The US is not much different
This is a good explanation
@_date: 2017-06-06 07:10:41
This is simply not true. Also, it's not "the USA", it's global, virtually every country has a central bank
Germany tried to just print money without backing to disastrous results, likewise Zimbabwe. 
There's a lot of disinformation about finance (and Bitcoin). It's best to stick to the truth rather than half-baked conspiracies.
@_date: 2017-06-09 07:30:26
I work in market infrastructure - central banks are our clients
@_date: 2017-06-09 06:57:29
And banks were used in charities, NGO's, foundations, building infrastructure, hospitals, etc, etc
It's a system for lending and funding - highlighting out "the bad" to try to demonise it is pretty idiotic
It's on the same level as saying the Nazi's used electricity, so electricity is evil
@_date: 2017-06-23 09:15:05
Wiedman basically says that hypothetically, in a potential future crisis, people may withdraw from their holdings in banks and go to digital currencies - this is true
This could put more pressure on the banks (bank runs) which could possibly exacerbate the crisis - true
A central bank is responsible for trying to control/mitigate any crisis, therefore they would be naturally interested in looking at this as a potential problem (they have to have contingency plans)
Central banks are not "against" cryptocurrencies any more than they are "against" private banks (whom they police).. central banks are against risk and risk to the economy - and it's their mandate to explore every possibility
@_date: 2017-06-15 11:09:45


The hysteria based alarmist post is doing damage.
The bill is aimed at criminals, it's only a proposal, and the process looks to be quite lengthy (18 months mentioned)
@_date: 2017-06-14 10:06:00
Very true. Also, public demand. People can already pay almost instantly with chip and pin, with their phone, online. Have an independent rated third party institutions handle all the risk, deposits are insured, pensions and savings protected from speculators by common-sense regulation and laws. Crashes can be mitigated, inflation curbed, and many other fiscal and monetary issues can be controlled for the general good
For all the high tech stuff, modern currency can also work in low-tech or no-tech environments, is not reliant on the internet, is not reliant on technical know-how, is simple and intuitive
There are still issues (slow bank-to-bank transfer, etc) but on a whole it's going to be an uphill battle to convince the public to change from that
It's far more likely that blockchain and distributed ledger will transform the financial infrastructure, industry. Streamline business internals, trade, transactions.. rather than the actual currencies themselves - which will probably remain for a long time
@_date: 2017-06-09 13:12:29
That feeds you, and your family. That makes sure your grandparents pensions are paid, and on time. That enables you, and your family to get loans to buy goods, to get a car, to buy a house at fair competitive rates. That enables the government to pay you when you don't have a job, on time. That gives you the ability to start up a company, to grow your business, to pay your employees. To thrive and turn into a large company, producing cheaper, better quality goods for everyone. To enable municipalities and governments to fund hospitals, roads, rail, airports, projects, dams, etc, etc
To paying with chip and pin or Paypal or online in seconds, credit cards, interest on your deposits, interests on ETFs - to regulations insuring and protecting your deposits, your savings, your grandparents pensions (from getting scalped by traders and speculators)
It's slow, it's cumbersome, it has faults - but it works. I don't remember soup lines during the last crisis (which was as severe as you can get) That same service and industry is keenly interested in blockchain and distributed ledger tech to speed everything up
I've been a BTC holder since 2013 - it doesn't mean I think Ethereum is "evil". Likewise is sounds equally misguided reading some of the comments in here that try to portray banking/central banks/finance in general as "evil"
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:14:50
No one knew exactly when or we'd all be millionaires. You can't hire dozens of staff you can't use. It's basic logistics. A 600% increase in business (especially in the crypto exchange business) is going to be one hell of a challenge.
The HR department needs to hire more people for the HR department, just to hire the volume of people required. And the new HR people need to be trained from scratch - draining the resources of the existing HR staff
On top of that, it isn't McDonalds, some of the waves of new staff are going to take months to train - and as mentioned, those training them are already badly needed to cope with volume, it's a catch-22
Where I work is pretty damn well organised and prepared, but a 600% increase in clients in a month would crush us, especially when it couldn't be predicted with certainty
@_date: 2017-06-29 21:51:40
We live on exactly the same planet. And it's nothing to do with opinions or agreement, I am merely pointing out the obvious and the facts.
@_date: 2017-06-08 07:31:49
So essentially the unwritten lesson here is - don't ever spend BTC as a currency
@_date: 2017-06-09 08:58:10
Information about central banks and how they work is freely available online from credible sources, encyclopedias, investopedia, textbooks, trading books and so on
There are also conspiracy theories and misinformation from questionable sources online. Up to people what they want to choose
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:03:07
It was unaccounted for - as in wasn't reconciled among the multitude of aging systems within the DoD. The money wasn't missing. It just couldn't be fully read by one system.
Rumsfeld was campaigning the funds to upgrade those systems. 
@_date: 2017-06-29 09:42:36


Exactly, which is why we need protection from our greed. From traders, from the private interests of profit-making institutions, from currency speculators.
Central banks regulate private banks, enact monetary and fiscal policy from the people we have elected to lead us, control inflation, mitigate in case of crashes and act as lender of last resort - practical, common sense controls to keep stability and limit economic catastrophe (perfect example is the 2007/2008 systemic crash)


Bitcoin in it's current form could not currently be used as a national currency. Even the most ardent supporters recommend not putting in "more than you can afford to lose", and we wouldn't dare handle e.g. our life savings in such a medium
No one would spend something that rises 250% in value in 6 months. It's technically complex. Volatile. Susceptible to huge personal risk - hacks, malware, hardware failure, difficulty of use, no insurance. Susceptible to market manipulation, a market where there are no laws against insider trading, cartels, collusion. High third party risk (exchanges are externally unrated and can collapse, it's so high that we often warn people "never leave your coins on exchange"). No internet or electricity? forget it. Susceptible to future uncertainty - forks, scaling issues, network congestion, high transaction fees
Speculative store of wealth, aka "digital gold", with value derived from totally unfettered "Wild West" market - it's fantastic. But as a national currency, in it's current form, would be an absolute nightmare. 
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:58:18
It could be found, it just wasn't up to whatever auditing and compliance standards were expected
@_date: 2017-06-06 07:08:48
As long as people need houses and businesses need factories - there will be borrowing
People don't have enough "spare cash" laying around to cover all this borrowing - that's where fractional reserve banking comes in
It also helps expand the money supply, which helps our economies grow (and our economies have been growing on aggregate)
Take a look around you, the type of jobs, infrastructure, PC's, smartphones - all of this wouldn't exist to the level it does
Sure we could scrap it, but we'd have to go back about a century in living standards
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:08:24
It wasn't "lost", just not accounted for properly. A bit like running a business for years and not keeping track of everything on one system.
Here it is explained on r/conspiracy of all places
@_date: 2017-06-15 23:48:40
Why didn't one person not stop to question the validity of anything in this post? why was it swallowed hook, line and sinker by a large portion of the community?
Why do we have to endlessly debunk Zerohedge nonsense in these subreddits?
Posts like this fuel the fires of the crash we had today. In 2 days it will be forgotten, why? because it was based on lack of understanding, emotion and hysteria 
@_date: 2017-06-09 07:17:38
I'm not sure if you are joking or not ;)
Countries have central banks out of practical necessity. They are a service - act in public interest. 
Unregulated private banks (like e.g. Rothschild - a small private bank) act in their own self interest, so aren't the best candidates to enact government policy/control inflation/etc
@_date: 2017-06-28 21:41:24
Daily currency trading volume is approx 5,000 times (5+ trillion USD equivalent) higher than Bitcoin volume. People need to stop perpetuating this silly good/evil narrative that the "powers-that-be" see Bitcoin as some existential threat and keep coming up with nefarious plans to destroy/curb it
Edit: getting downvoted. Yeah European ministers are waking up and thinking "must destroy Bitcoin", it makes up .00001% of the global market, it threatens to engulf us all! Forget the most of them don't even know what the hell it is.. because yeah that's a boring narrative
@_date: 2017-07-10 10:32:53


I wouldn't use the word "fixed". I would say that we have learnt a significant lesson, and from that there have been far-reaching and widespread changes
* The Dodd-Frank act would never have passed pre-crisis. Unless the new admin strips it down, whilst not perfect, it's a very impressive (and effective) anti-risk, consumer protection act
* The derivatives market finally has some proper regulation
* Credit ratings agencies are no longer beholden to big client banks. The crisis (and subsequent negative attention, reputational damage and fines) was a big wake-up call
* The Fed pushed hard for multiple "last resort" lending windows and facilities - this meant that the TARP bailout money was not only repaid, but at a profit to the taxpayer. It also helped significantly "cool" the crisis and speed up recovery
* Central banks have tightened up immensely, risk is high, if not highest on their agenda, aka they aren't taking any bullshit from banks, investment banks, shadow banking, mortgage industry, etc. We deal with the regulators on a daily basis and they don't mess around
* Financial regulations, laws, rules and guidelines across the world have been completely revamped in many cases - specifically to cope with seismic events and pay closer attention to the signs of future events
* Bank stress tests now include financial apocalypse level events
* All types of banks and financial institutions (including market infrastrucure) have to adhere to far higher standards in relation virtually every aspect of business - not just quantity of collateral, but specific quality of collateral, margins, leverage, capitalisation, etc
* The mortgage industry was shaken up worldwide - won't find many "ninja" (no doc, no proof of income) loans that became relatively common pre-crisis
* It's become harder for more complex and exotic financial instruments to hide their underlying risk
Make no mistake, there will be future crashes, recessions, etc - and whilst not impossible for a systemic crisis of the same scale - it's just far harder. On top of that, if it does somehow happen, we have far more effective fire-fighting tools, mechanisms, contingency plans and shock absorbers to deal with such a scenario than we did pre 2007


I've been into cryptos for a long time, but let's not over-romanticise things here, BTC is a decentralised commodity that makes a fantastic form of speculative "digital gold" and can act as a unregulated form of "money" (and all that entails)
Almost every aspect of our daily lives is centralised for common sense reasons, from work, transport, safety, lifestyle, healthcare, education.. I mean r/bitcoin is centralised, again, for sheer practicality.
Having an unfettered "Wild West" market based commodity/money might be great for speculators, but it's risk, instability, volatility, technical complexity, personal risk (hacks, malware, hardware) crypto risk (forks, scaling, bugs, hacks) are not exactly appealing qualities for a stable national currency
"Don't put in more than you can afford to lose" is not an inspiring motto


No, for example, gold doesn't crash endlessly. I hold both fiat and cryptos, but for very different reasons, I don't see them "competing" with each other. Likewise I don't see centralisation vs decentralisation competing, they are different beasts that cater for different needs
@_date: 2017-06-15 12:55:08
Absolute nonsense. So sick of these extreme anti-whatever pushing their fringe narratives into everything. Read the damn thing and stop over-reacting and unsettling the market
@_date: 2017-06-30 09:55:57
What's wrong with it in fairness? I don't have huge issues, most people I know don't have problems
I'd prefer if bank transfers were a little faster, but apart from that, what's so awful about the current system?
@_date: 2017-06-15 14:04:30


I'm glad for you, but what value? some guy spent 27 bitcoins on a $100 Amazon voucher a few years back. No sane person would think he did well out of that
It's a soulless medium of exchange, it's not imbued with "magical" properties. Most people are in this to trade for fiat or as an investment in a sort of "digital gold" which will yield them fiat in future. You know - to buy goods and services


Meh, prob not going to happen. Bills get amended, changed, dropped *all the time*. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:46:45
I am very glad your business was saved, and fair do's to you for being an entrepreneur. Personal beliefs aside.. people care about practicality. 
Here's some advantages of the digital currency I use..
* Can pay in seconds with chip and pin, debit/credit cards, online
* It's stable, it doesn't dive 20% in 3 hours
* My deposits and savings are insured
* If there's no wifi, no internet, no electricity - I can use it in physical form
* It's accepted virtually everywhere
* There are common sense rules, laws, regulations that protect me from traders and speculators
* My holdings are secured by independently rated institutions
* There was a once in a lifetime systemic crash of severe proportions and there weren't soup lines and shanty towns
My crypto currencies on the other hand are good for not much else (yet) but gradually increasing the holdings of digital currency.. the currency I use to eat, live, pay rent, pay utilities, buy goods and services...
I don't care about beliefs and "grrr banks are evil!" and all that stuff. The system that we use today is imperfect, it can be slow.. but it's not going to be replaced by something more unwieldly, risky, unsafe, volatile, unstable, complex and above all else *less practical*
@_date: 2017-06-30 09:32:35
To be devil's advocate here. It's still far superior than cryptos as a national currency. 
Have mentioned this before - can pay in seconds for anything. It's accepted everywhere. It's stable. Risk is largely handled by externally rated third party institutions. Deposits (up to a level) are insured. Can be used with no internet/electricity. Can easily be converted into other national currencies. Centrally controlled - meaning crises and systemic crashes can be mitigated, inflation controlled, fiscal and monetary policy enacted. Currency markets are sensibly regulated. Bank and transfer fees are still a hell of a lot less than crypto transaction fees I've paid in the last month
Whereas cryptos - highly volatile, high risk, value is entirely up to a Wild West market, complex, technical risk (hacks, malware, etc), "currency" risk (forks, scaling, etc), 20% fluctuations, uncertainty
Think about it, if someone parks in a handicapped spot, if someone drops litter on the ground - we want justice, fairness, rules - from who? a central authority
Why would that be any different when it comes to our savings, our pensions, our assets, our wages, mortgages, loans..
Why would we suddenly want no rules and leave all that in the hands of speculators in an unfettered free-for-all decentralised currency?
The crypto market has grown 100x in the last years and it's still as mental and volatile as ever, daily we still hand out the advice "don't put in more than you can lose" - not exactly inspiring as a potential future national currency
