@_author: amlorusso
@_date: 2012-12-17 00:23:22
I stopped listening when he said, after describing someone who was too lazy to earn WOW Gold, paying dollars (presumably growing on trees) for WOW Gold, that WOW Gold has no value except on WOW (which is the only place it needs to have value to be valuable, nevermind the massive ongoing WOW gold industry that will last as long as people want it).
Didn't imagine it was going to get better from that point in.
@_date: 2012-12-19 03:05:37
The question is more why would they want to? I mean, much as it may seem like politicians are idiots who waste obscene amounts of money on crap, they're not (idiots that is), and there is method in their madness, so they're not going to blow that amount of resources just for the jollies or to stick it to BitCoin when the resources can be more profitably employed (for them) bribing voters and other more politically relevant goals. BitCoin really isn't a threat to them, oh they'll take whatever free political capital they can by talking up that BTC's are used to pay for illegal goods and all of those nonsense arguments, but beyond that it's barely on their radar. (And yes I'm aware of the existence of published official reports. It's government: They make reports about getting out of bed in the morning) There are also other tools at their disposal to achieve whatever real world political goals they may wish to pursue vis-a-vis BitCoins.
Or to put it another way, if they can address whatever future concerns they may have with BTCs without trying to take the entire network down, they will. But the mere existence of the BitCoin network isn't likely to be of concern to them, how BTC's are used in ways they don't like that's what they would likely go after, with specific targeted measures.
@_date: 2012-12-30 04:30:37
I wish them success in a crypto-currency that supports their values and ideas. This is what I love about voluntarism. It's not about capitalism, communism, syndicalism, or any specific ism. It's about doing you own thing and not forcing others.
@_date: 2012-12-03 03:17:49
"I'm chill with your beliefs and I hope you'll be chill with mine."
I'm glad you respect my choices and I am happy to respect yours. I have no problem with people who want to live their economic lives as they see fit, I only have problem with anybody who wants to force themselves on others. I personally think commonly held property on anything other than a very small scale (the typical family has a strong communal element to it) would be a disaster, but as long as the people who want that don't force it on others who am I to tell them they can't do that?
@_date: 2013-03-02 02:16:28
Nothing. But beware a term and it's usage that is designed to present on ordinary activity (saving) in a negative light. The manipulation of language and the narrative is a powerful tool that statists (among others) like to use.
@_date: 2013-04-15 01:21:53
The argument that NAP is not comprehensive* by itself doesn't justify making consensual acts illegal.
* Whether it is or not is not the point of my argument here.