@_author: am-o
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:26:21
I imagine it's because most people choose to use credit cards to live beyond their means instead of being financially responsible.
I get what you're saying...we have a couple of cards that I pay off every two weeks. Usually get a couple of free airline tickets each year on one of them, and several hundred dollars worth of gift certificates on the other.
@_date: 2013-12-18 17:31:54
I read this as:


And I think that's how a lot of people see it. They tell themselves, "But you don't understand. This is something totally different...it's just going to keep on going up!"
Instead, it's just like any other market.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:30:46
No...I understood exactly what he was saying — that it's a completely different set of people investing in Bitcoins today than in April. And I agree with his statement.
What I said was that *I* read that in a humorous, schadenfroh, "But it's different this time people...I know this idea to game the system and make a ton of money will work!" tone.
I sometimes forget that humor and sarcasm don't always translate well over the Internet.
It seems you totally misread my post and put words in my mouth.... Well...maybe not the last part....
*Edit: I believe schadenfroh is the correct adjective form of schadenfreude, but my knowledge of foreign language is limited, especially when it comes to German. Apologies if I have offended anyone!*
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:47:41
I've done a little bit of foreign exchange trading in my spare time — not enough to make a living, but I have made a little bit of extra spending money — and you see a lot of the same thing there, too. (Heck, Bitcoin investing practically *is* forex trading!)
New people come in, think they've got this awesome plan or idea to game the system, and wind up losing in the end. My eyes were big the first time I got involved in forex markets about four years ago because I just couldn't see any possible way to lose.
Instead, if you work out a good plan and stick to it, you can be successful. But I've found it's easiest and best to leave the investing to the professionals for the most part. The tales I've seen of people investing everything they have into Bitcoins (or the stock market, or forex, or this real estate deal, etc.) because they "can't lose" is amazing and shows what I think is poor stewardship of money.