@_author: amosmeiri
@_date: 2015-08-17 13:04:55
Thanks you, we are really trying and investing so much.
If you think we should be more public with Coloredcoins.org being managed by Colu let me know. 
Please send them here if you like:


There is no intention to hide anything.
@_date: 2015-08-17 12:44:10
There was zero information there. only links to different websites...
@_date: 2015-07-27 13:55:13
Send you'r email to Contact we will send you an invite.
@_date: 2015-07-27 17:40:46
Yeah. so if one use Colu app he is the one but he have a backup option.
If he uses other tools (There will be an open source multisig web wallet next couple of weeks) it depends on the specific tool. Also, like i said we will create different tools to solve the problem of people not wanting hold the private key in a secured way. hope thats answer the question. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 12:25:33
Nicolas, from reading what you wrote, one could think we are hiding anything… in all relevant places including the homepage we are stating Colu manage the website. 
You are wrong, all we develop at Coloredcoins.org is 100% open source. 
1. The word "Colored coins" was deleted from open assets documentation long before we even launched our protocol. So i am not really sure how we suppose to promote this project? although we do promote it on the homepage so check again. 
2. We are happy to work with existing implementations and accept cooperation with open arms but the reality now is that we are the only entity in colored coins space that invest this amount of money and work force for open sourced tools for the community and increasing adoption for this technology. later this week we will release an open source web wallet and the explorer will be open source. more to come...
3. If there was a way to avoid developing our own protocol we gladly choose it. but the reality is that we created this new protocol because we think the other protocols are not good enough. and lets face it, colored coins exist for 3 years and nobody really uses it (POC’s are not real use). Our protocol is live for only few weeks but it has a real chance for mainstream adoption. in the next few month some of the companies who are already use it will go public. 
4.The ambassadors are fully aware and welcome to promote whatever implementation they want, we do not force anything.
Open assets and Coinspark are currently on the home page (counterparty was never there and EPOBC asked to be removed). It’s not a promotion website. it’s an open source developers website.
5.We belive that the protocols can be interoperable - there are a lot of similarities and we can sit togheter and figure out how to cooperate instead of arguing on reddit.
@_date: 2015-07-27 16:55:52
Not sure what you are talking about? there are different products. 
If you are talking about the app, it's the user responsibility, there is a backup in the mobile app. There are also other solutions we will provide in the future.
