@_author: amplifix
@_date: 2019-07-02 11:56:30
So misinformed, capitalist countries with a few social schemes here and there. Which you will pay for anyway, it's not "free". You can't opt out and it will either get taken straight from your paycheck (additional health tax) or you have to pick health insurance (mandatory for every citizen).
Hospitals are ran like businesses over there and need to make a profit to be eligible for gov funding... Except of course the NHS...
Remember that the fuel which is going in the engine is capitalism.
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:57:13
I think you are misunderstanding the wealth tax, it's not "even" the rich are better off. It's only the rich are better off, they're probably doing all kinds of schemes now to pay lower taxes. 
Wealth tax eliminates that, hell I'd vote for it if I were 1%. It means they will pay LESS tax overall. The common citizen will still pay more (additional) taxes and be poorer.
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:15:03
Also you might want to read this, 
Exactly what I said would happen already happened before in France. It doesn't really contain the keywords "stronger than ever". There is another article but it's from the Washington post and they want me to pay. From what I can find on wiki, it's summarised as this:
A 2006 article in The Washington Post titled "Old Money, New Money Flee France and Its Wealth Tax" pointed out some of the harm caused by France's wealth tax. The article gave examples of how the tax caused capital flight, brain drain, loss of jobs, and, ultimately, a net loss in tax revenue. Among other things, the article stated, "Éric Pichet, author of a French tax guide, estimates the wealth tax earns the government about $2.6 billion a year but has cost the country more than $125 billion in capital flight since 1998."The concern about capital flight is lessened where a country such as the United States has worldwide tax jurisdiction and assets may be taxed wherever they are located.
Of course, this is France and US has worldwide tax jurisdiction. But as you can see it has had a pretty big effect, so there's no telling what'll happen if implemented in the US.
Generally if the rich are vouching for something, it's not because they want the help the common citizen. So be careful what you wish for, even trump vouched for it to be implemented a while ago...
@_date: 2019-07-02 11:35:57
No they're not, the engine is capitalism. That's why they are rich...
You'll just pay healthcare from your taxes (UK) or like in NL you'll have to pick obligatory health insurance which you pay for per month. So it's not socialised it's private healthcare, it's just mandatory for every citizen to pay for it. Meaning you can't opt out ever, even if you never get sick or go to the hospital. Some health insurers are cheap but don't cover dental for example, so you can't go to the dentist then. That's how you know it's private.
In other words hospitals can go bankrupt, they're ran like businesses. They have to be profitable to even receive funding from the gov in NL.
General misconception is that it's not "free" like in socialism, you still get paid a nice salary because the engine is fueled by capitalism (free trade and big companies).
Venezuela is socialism, it seems like a dictatorship but it's not. They're just doing everything in their power to stay in power, that's why it seems like a dictatorship.
Born and raised in NL, living in the UK now.
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:45:12
The rich won't be in your country anymore, if you tax em like hell. Also the reason why most of your Google datacenters are not in the US, but in NL. That's how you know most of Europe is capitalist.
Just implement those measures, so our governments can abolish dividend taxes to lure your rich people in. Which NL has also considered during brexit.
What I'm trying to say is, be proud of the wealth you currently have. Insert small measurements first to see the effects, don't go for radical changes first.
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:16:12
You'll still have to pay 1-2k a year on 25k/y job on additional taxes.
You don't get 1% by being dumb with money, they probably don't even have any official income. So they won't get taxed as much as you think.
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:03:52
As long as you know that as a citizen, it's going to make you poorer and not richer. Then it's fine, you have understood what socialism does.
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:37:32
You just changed the subject from socialism/healthcare to something else. But even that is gonna make any country poorer.
It's just never gonna happen, with no fuel going in the engine any country will collapse.
Big businesses and rich people will just flock to another country. Just how they did in Venezuela, now the common citizen has to make up for the 1% (the 1% is currently already paying most of the US taxes). 
Eventually the country will just collapse. Please don't bring in these radical measurements that will just make your own life worse.
@_date: 2019-04-22 09:01:44
This is simply not true.
Netherlands (born and raised): Has more of a liberalist / capitalist approach. Public health care is not really free as you are obligated by law to choose and pay for health insurance. So it's basically the same as private health care (but for everyone so public in a sense). There was never anything like "free" college, it has always cost money. Less than US universities, but still you'd have to pay. Note that taxes are way higher than the US.
UK: Definitely more capitalistic. Has public health care which is "free", note that it's deducted from your salary as a tax. So if you have a salary you're paying for it. Free college? Yeah, not at all. Taxes comparable to the US.
Most wealthy EU countries have some capitalist aspects which contribute to the overall model. That's why it's working.
Most of the Nordic countries are socialist, but they are an exception to the rule as they have access to the EU market without really being in the EU (so their economy is still based on capitalism). Which means they are not in the eurozone, hence they still have their own currency.