@_author: anaccountonlyforyou
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:37:06
Pasting random stuff into your browser's address bar is usually not such a smart idea. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:49:08
Aaaand that's exactly why it is so hard to convince people why they should use bitcoin instead of "fiat". Thanks for making my point!
The difference is that Bitcoin offers a completely new paradigm for money. It's not just fiat that looks nicer, it's an entirely new form of money that offers possibilities that have been unheard of so far.
On the other hand, altcoins compared to bitcoin are nothing else than fiat bills that are slightly lighter and slightly more durable than the fiat bills we already have. Whoopoopdidoo! Nobody gives a shit if Bitcoin is the one that is actually used by everyone and therefore has utility and value. And everyone knows the Bitcoin protocol can be easily adapted and improved as well. No need to take the risk with some random new coin.
Anyway, I can only post once every 7 minutes so I don't care about keeping this discussion going any longer. If you don't get, then you just don't get it. You're just repeating the same old altcoin pumper nonsense bullshit arguments anyway. Boring.
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:27:02
Myspace is not money. Anyone can have a Myspace account, a Facebook account, a Google+ account, a Diaspora account, a Reddit account and a Digg account at the same time, without significantly increasing their cost for doing so. They just sign up for all of them and that's it. No biggie. Then whatever platform offers the best service and features will be the most active and wins.
With money it's entirely different: Everyone has to make a choice which currency to hold. They can't just hold their money in every possible currency. So if I hold Bitcoin and I think this new Ultramegaduperultradopecoin is so much better and cooler and just ultramegaduperultradope, I can't just go and sign up for it. I would have to sell my Bitcoins for it, and therefore lose the utility and value and the network effect that come with Bitcoin, and instead accept all the risks that come with a new unproven altcoin. People generally don't do that with their money, you know. Most people are very very conversative when it comes to money. It's not fukcing Myspace!
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:15:17
I don't think you understand what network effect means. It's not a "selling point", it is what makes it inherently more useful and thus more valuable than any altcoin. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 21:04:29
Whatevers2009