@_author: analogrithems
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:37:48
No gag order,  from old chat log with him 3/11/2014
[01:29am] MagicalTux: hm
[01:29am] MagicalTux: there is no court gag order
[01:29am] MagicalTux: that's so weird
[01:29am] MagicalTux: anyway
[01:31am] analogrithems: wait what?  seriously.  wow then I think one of your ex employees is behind the recent hack and trying to cause a lot of fud for you. 
[01:32am] MagicalTux: I know
[01:32am] MagicalTux: that's why we are acting with the police
From my talks with MK,  disgruntled employee used lobby wifi to exploit the unsecured nagios nrpe to get root.  Handed access over to eastern European hackers who did the real work.  Thought he had some proof on a ssd that had fde on it that he couldn't access.  Said he turned everything over to Tokyo cyber crimes.
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:14:32
Mtgox customer support level = ninja
@_date: 2014-02-25 10:15:52
This is the least buggy code Mark has ever written.  No doc type though, that's a bit of a kick in the blue balls :(
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:21:48
Keys do not match, sorry guys!
pub   1024D/5EC948A1 2008-10-30
uid                  Satoshi Nakamoto &lt;satoshin
sub   2048g/D6AAA69F 2008-10-30
gpg --verify proof_of_satoshi_with_signed_key
gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
gpg: the signature could not be verified.
Please remember that the signature file (.sig or .asc)
should be the first file given on the command line.
@_date: 2014-02-16 23:35:18
if you are using the same password on multiple site stop!  I know it's hard to remember multiple passwords, that is what PasswordSafe is for.
Windows (
Mac (
It's a tool created by the foremost expert in Cryptography Bruce Schneier (  He wrote the app and opensourced it.  You use it to created an encrypted vault with a single password.  You then store all of your passwords/pin numbers etc in it.  When you need a password open it up and double click on the entry you need it will place it in your clip board and you never need to actually see it then.  It's also really good for making long complicated passwords for you.  You can also store the encrypted vault in dropbox and have access to your passwords from anywhere.  iOS &amp; Android paid version are also available. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:21:24
There never was a gag order.  Can't share my proof, but I have it from the source.
@_date: 2014-02-21 07:20:59
I agree, the verification is the only fault I have with you guys.  I got denied sent everything in and got no reason for why, just sent to the verification faq.  I followed all steps afaik.
@_date: 2014-02-21 08:41:35
I'll donate! My favorite part of the cops being there was the businessman saying "They were scaring me!" lol  I love that he replied and called them liars.  "I'll admit we might be annoying but we aren't scary!"  
Also did anyone else see his face when he listed off all the news agencies who had come to his building that day to interview them?  You could tell that was the worst part for that him.  Negative media attention in Japan is huge disgrace.
@_date: 2014-02-22 03:36:41
Actually right after your reply they replied back to me that they now verified it.  So thanks for the quick follow up!
@_date: 2014-04-01 09:57:57
As someone who works in security I'd say this is partially right.  From the time they detected the security breach that this is in reference to, till the police actually showed up and took a report. Was probably 1-2 weeks.  They probably notified police pretty shortly after it happened, but didn't meet with them for a few weeks because they didn't know what happened.  From all the reports about the poor network infrastructure it's very easy to believe they had to go get outside help to find the security hole and have any evidence to show the police.  
Remember most police departments don't have the resources to investigate cyber crime.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:30:28
You're getting downvoted into oblivion because you came into this subreddit with a trolling title.  I think what you really wanted to do was inspire a legitimate conversation on bitcoin's future.  Taking it in that light I think you raise some interesting points.
First your argument that people hold bitcoins till they are worth more then try to exchange them back for fiat is only half right. I think I can point out some things that would make you reconsider your perspective.  I personally am holding my bitcoins until they do rise, but not to exchange them back for fiat I want to use them for goods and services.  Infact in the last year almost 10k new business started accepting bitcoins as a form of payment (This estimate is based of news from coinbase bitpay and Shopify.com announcements of new customers).  This is HUGE and it's still in it's infancy. (
You argue that far more bitcoins are transferred back to fiat then goods and services.  I disagree with you here.  Companies like porn.com are already reporting 10% of their sales are from bitcoins now.  As an executive in a software company adding a new technology that increases my business even 1% is it worth.  10% in less than a year is phenomenal. This is the indicator to me that bitcoins will prevail.  Not just the fact that companies are making money off of it but that porn is adopting it.  A well known tongue and cheek fact in the tech sector is that who ever porn backs wins.  I know this sounds silly and made up, but porn has consistently picked the winners.  (  Remeber when the internet first started everyone thought that was a fad and a ponzy scheme as well but look at what it is now.  The internet was also faced with huge security bugs and large parts went down due to things like Bind (DNS) and Cisco IOS vulnerabilities.  For a while people even argued the internet was just far credit card scammers and pirates.  You have to admit it though, now days that traffic makes up such a small portion of the internet that people no longer hold that opinion. BTW, internet was also made popular by porn.  After 20 years in tech having watched many things start small and explode bitcoins has all of the right ingredients.   It's not just me, many tech leaders are in agreement about this.
As far as your comment that banks are safer than bitcoins.  I would say at this point in time, this statement is only partially true.  You see banks actually get robbed far more often then bitcoins do.  The difference is that banks (in the US at least) are now insured by the FDIC which everyone knows.  They weren't always insured by the FDIC though.  This came as a result after several banking disasters ( which called for regualtion to protect peoples investments.  This is very similar to the issues we're seeing now days with exchanges operating like the wild west.  Anyways people assume that because of the FDIC your money is safe there.  Few people know though that your money is only insured up to $100k.  Anything over that you could actually lose in a robbery.  In fact many wealthy people will open multiple bank accounts and dive the money between them just to protect against this issue.  What this really means is that eventually you will probably see some regulation come down the pipes for exchanges to require them to cary some sort of insurance as well as limit the amount of coins they keep in their live wallet while holding the rest offline in cold storage.  It's actually already being discussed in many states about how to regulate bitcoins.  If you've read the news you'll see that the bitcoin foundation (who's made of some pretty smart people IMHO) has already gotten in front of this and is trying to help guide legislation on how to handle bitcoins.
So yes in this early stage of bitcoins there are still some issues but very smart people are creating very smart solutions every day.  Like your arguments that if you lose your password or have poor security your screwed.  You look at this as a flaw, i see this as an opportunity for a company to create a service for users to safe gard them from these troubles.  The trouble with exchanges not being trust worthy i feel like it's everyone consumers job to research the product they are using. Everyone here knows not to trust MtGox, they are on the /Bitcoins shit list daily. There are some really good exchanges also though that are doing a great job like coinbase, btc-e, and vault of satoshi.
I'm invested in bitcoins is because I have more faith in mathematics and cryptography then I do a government.  This is really important to me because I don't just see bitcoins as the future of paying for goods and service but as hope for humanity.  If we can take the money away from our governments and get them back to what they are supposed to be, servants of the people then we can fix all of these horrible mistakes being made right now like mass spying, misappropriation of funds, insider senate trading, superpacks, political lobbyist, the war on drugs, other useless wars etc.  
These are the reasons that I hope you're wrong and bitcoin really does get to $100k/BTC.  In fact I hope that before it gets that high the US switches over to bitcoins and causes a global shift and if you care about the world you live in you should also.  In fact it doesn't have to even be bitcoins exactly that wins, but some form of a decentralized crypto currency that puts the power in the users hands.
@_date: 2014-02-16 22:21:25
sign, wish i could laugh at this
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:41:41
Gotta agree with the article, the way mtgox handled this and the way other exchanges work, I'm cashing out.  I can't preach to people the crypto currency as a the future.  They aren't the first exchange to claim they are handling everyone's assets safely and lie.   Sadly they probably aren't the last.  Unless everyone SERIOUSLY starts following Andreas Antonopoulos recommendations and controls their own wallet this will happen again &amp; again!  Even if they did it may still be too late.  MILLIONS of dollars have been lost.  I've read online people have lost their homes, people were using their bitcoin investment to pay for cancer treatment etc.  If you really don't see how bad this is and how much it's hurt people your setting your self up for failure.  As a crypto anarchist I really want this to work, but in order to make this work we have to be better then the status quo and so far it's failing!  
Accept that, and if you are truly dedicated to making this work then you better start donating as much as you can spare of your crypto currencies to the core developers.
Core Developer Greg Maxwell has even expressed his faith in crypto currency is fading since all the exchanges are treating them like their personal development team and give nothing back!
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:53:17
They are no longer responding to customers and for the last month have taken everyone's bitcoins and refuses to give them back.  See  for the complete story.  Hundreds of customers have been robbed by this company!
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:52:49
They are no longer responding to customers and for the last month have taken everyone's bitcoins and refuses to give them back.  See  for the complete story.  Hundreds of customers have been robbed by this company!
@_date: 2014-02-17 10:19:29
+$1 You deserve some compensation for all the wonderful unpaid support/trolling you give reddit un behalf of Mtgox!
@_date: 2014-02-24 10:54:56
freenode.net  &amp; 
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:41:28
It looks like they built a social network
@_date: 2015-02-28 02:22:52
Please, nobody knows anything.  Having worked with Mark after the fallout to help in security I can tell you nobody has a clue what's going on including Mark.
@_date: 2017-06-21 20:47:15
For those that are curious about the source of this claim 
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:55:00
i just want to give some perspective of the amount of power it takes to mine now days.
I started mining back in 2010-2011 with a high end ATI video card as my Intel I7 was only capable of doing about 0.8 Mh/s  which was really good for a CPU but not great in comparison.  So when I started using my video card I was able to do about 18-20Mh/s  This was really good, but others were using dual or quad video cards and I was irrelevant by 2012 so I kinda stopped wasting my time.  It started taking several weeks for my pool (which was several of us collectively running at about 3-4Gh/s) to solve a block and my portion was getting smaller every day.  Currently a solved block gives 50BTC, so my portion of that 50BTC after running for 3-4 weeks was about .02 if I was lucky.
At the end of 2012 beginning of 2013people started getting into asic &amp; fpga solutions that were able to mine way faster than even the best video cards, even dual and quad video card solutions.  There was a rush for all the serious miners to go out and get things like the ASICMiner Block Erupter capable of doing 330Mh/s each in a tiny usb dongle and chain 20 of them together.  Then a huge flood of vendors started coming in and offering preorders for ungodly seeds ranging from 5Gh/s - 3Th/s etc for products they promised to deliver by years end and which most still haven't ( Looking at you Butterfly Labs, everyone is getting real tired of your crap!) In fact these companies started promising the next, next generation before they even delivered the previous.   Now there are a shit load of vendors offering way too much speed/hardware and most of them (I know one or two are actually shipping already) wont start to deliver until January or February of 2014.  At this time the bitcoin mining will have so much power and competition that anyone who isn't using the newest fastest solution will never be able to make money mining.  This is why I say it's already too late for any government to try to throw computing power at something like this.  
Also based on my search and calculations based off what all of the vendors are building and what they will be shipping the mining difficulty is going to shoot through the roof so fast in Q2 of 2014 that even these new super mining rigs will not be very helpful because as blocks get solved faster the the protocol automatically increases the difficulty of mining.  Sadly most of the people rushing out to drop 5-10k on these new super mining rigs probably wont even make their money back due to the increase in difficulty.  The bitcoin protocol is designed for fairness, and consistency.  Every 2016 blocks that are solved it checks to see how long that took and increases or decreases the difficulty to try to maintain solving only 2016 blocks every two weeks see ( 
If you are truly interested in getting in on bitcoins at this point in time you have two options, buy them (which I know are very expensive right now) or start offering services for them, this is the smartest path and what i intend to do.
To put all of those speeds in order for everyone 1Th/s = 1000Gh/S     1Gh/s = 1000Mh/s
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:57:35
People are mining successfully, probably hundreds of thousands are.  You just have to realize that mining successfully now means getting 1-2 btc a month.  This of course takes a lot of effort and requires lots of hardware now.  Early adopters mined lots of bitcoins and bought even more.  Remember the first item ever purchased with bitcoins was a pizza for like 10k bitcoins.  
@_date: 2013-11-28 05:34:22
So for a 3Th/s minner i would need roughly 3,000,000 Intel i7 Servers to equal the power of a single 3Th/s minner.  So a Supercomputer, even the biggest beowulf cluster you could imagine wouldn't come close.
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:31:05
recurring scam, you can also tell because the account had no activity before this post went up.  No one is going to sell money at less than it's value.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:15:57
People were already using super computers they aren't fast enough. So then people switched to fpga and asic based solutions.  Now technically a government could use these to mine faster, but the companies that did the research to build these are just now starting to ship preorders and they are sold out.  so if a government wanted to go this route they are at least 6 months behind in r&amp;d which means everything in this game!