@_author: anarchyinstyle
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:38:30
If there was a farm that used an outdated irrigation system and you had an idea that would make the system better, but every time you try to tell someone they literally punch you in the face because the idea is so alien it comes off as hostile. Is the idea bad, or are people just not paying attention? 
Not saying this proves the idea is good either, just that hostility from others doesn't make it inherently wrong. Monarchists used to react to capitalists the same way. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:34:59
That's true, I don't feel able to articulate a counterargument because I feel like I need to do more research now. 
My gut response would be that early forms of capitalism were also grassroots in nature throughout the 13th, 14th and early 15th centuries. In tandem with that, they were likely violently suppressed or at least pressured by monarchists and feudalists of the time. I know capitalism didn't truly take off until the 16th century with the Dutch and brewed for centuries before hand. Considering that communism has been set back a century or two by the madness brought on by the U.S.S.R through Marxist thought--I'm not a Marxist btw for anyone wondering--communism will likely stay a grassroots movement for a long time as well. I guess what I'm saying is that early attempts in any economic change don't normally succeed and I don't think that should be taken as a knock against anarcho-communism.
Like I said though, that's just a gut response and personally I'm going to look more into the history of capitalism now.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:58:51
Thanks man, I'm glad we've been able to have a productive interaction. :) 
Echochambers on the internet and in real life tend to breed hatred and miscommunication. There's room for everyone in the world and in many ways capitalist and socialist models can coexist if people want them to. Cryptocurrencies and the tech going into them have the potential to make both of our worlds better. 
One of my favorite novels, distress by Greg Egan, takes place on a capitalist seastead where people have formed a mix of communist sydicates and capitalist corporations that compete on the market together. The communists in the book specialize in running public infrastructure and employing mass amounts of people whereas the capitalists run a lot of scientific and security based infrastructure. The antagonist of the book is a virus that turns people mad and an underlying dialog on how the traditional countries embargo the seastead because of it's anarchist nature. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:43:11
Under mutualism we would organize through voluntary contracts and in large cases form worker's federations. Mutualism is very much a merging of communism and the free market. From what I understand it's the free market without profit motive. I'm not a mutualist though, so I don't want to overstep my knowledge. 
If I'm speculating, I'd imagine these federations would be a combination of collectives, cooperatives and worker owned corporations like Mondragon--without the administrative class that Mondragon has of course. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:41:04
Regulations are only not anarchic in nature if they're not consensual. Remember, anarchism is not a lack of rules, it is a lack of illegitimate hierarchy and power. The struggle of anarchism is making all relationships consensual and destroying domination of other people. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:56:08
Anarcho-communist chiming in here. 
Personal property is anything you actively use or petty property that can be stored in your house and the like. 
Private property is anything you can't individually use in whole. 
Your right to say that the line can be blurry in areas but generally the attitude from leftists like myself goes something like this. 
Owning a house and three cars is fine. Owning a whole railroad is not. You cannot individually use a whole railroad.
As for public property, we can collectively organize to agree upon use. See syndicalism ---&gt; 
Electronic systems like the ones being developed through crypto research might one day help large collectives organize.
@_date: 2018-01-06 20:37:35
We voluntarily set our shifts and choose tasks. We make working groups for more complex things like inventory management, book ordering and budgeting. Usually these consist of 1-3 people who just do that thing for a while. Personally I enjoy taking tables to events and festivals to sell books outside of the store, although I do staff the counter ever week or so. As for shitty chores, we all get together once a week to clean the store at the same time, so generally nobody feels like their always doing all the dirty work. The only exception to that is if a person is working the counter and a mess is made on shift, we have to clean due to health regulations because the store is also a cafe. (Plus people don't like filth lying around when their buying things.) The trade off is nice though, customer rushes generally only come in the morning and evening so it's not uncommon to have 2-3 hours largely to myself. 
When people get tired of doing something, they bring it up at weekly meetings. It is courteous to let folks know that you'll be leaving a task at least two weeks in advanced, so someone else can voluntarily take it. In the event that no one wants to do something we all usually end up running a skeleton crew on that thing until someone(s) decides they want to do it. I've only seen that happen once and from what older collective members have said it's rare and only happens once every few years. 
As for profits we're not egalitarian in the sense you described. Profit sharing as well as tip sharing is based on the amount of hours a person has worked. So, if you work 4 times the amount of someone else you're going to get payed 4 time more than them. This gets calculated as a percentage since it's a profit sharing model instead of a flat pay. Some profits also go to improving the business and building new locations, we run two locations and bought the most reason one two years ago. The original store has been running since 2001. I don't want to link my own store because I want to keep my account anonymous, but here are a few similar collectives. 
There is a nascent but growing movement of socialists like myself that are using existing infrastructure to build an anti-capitalist society within existing capitalist infrastructure in a non-violent way. Burning police cars doesn't do much to educate people on how to govern themselves. Making businesses that are run without bosses on the other hand does, and is more of a challenge to boot. We are tearing societal convention down to its roots and rebuilding it from the ground up.
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:48:28
I'm actually part of a bookstore that is run collectively and there is no group that makes decisions for me. All 28 employees co-own the business and have access to the bank account as well as spending power and administrative decision making power.
We use consensus based decision making with direct democracy as a backup. 
Consensus makes sure that the individual retains power in an organization, we have to compromise and talk things out or nothing gets done.
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:37:41
Which is why consensus with direct democracy with like a 90/10 voting split as backup is important. Generally I'd say if people can't compromise they should form different communities and just agree to help defend one another but not interfere with one another. Governments make this practically impossible because the state has an obsession with dominating everyone, you can't run away and live your own life.
Anarchism can devolve into mob rule without an emphasis on the individual. 
Getting consensus to scale is the difficult part, crypto helps with this.
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:27:01
For the record I'm not a marxist outside of his labour value theory. Marx's means of achieving communism are very authoritarian in nature and this is actually why the first International Workingman's Association fractured. Mikhail Bakunin, an libertarian socialist--another term for leftest anarchism--literally predicted the U.S.S.R and called Marx out on the logical conclusion of his thought. Sadly, the Marxists won out and the dominant form of socialism became this dictator fueled madness we see in modern "socialist" countries. 
I didin't engage u/kjkjkbae because they weren't being productive although I thank you for engaging them. 
For those that are curious, I support cryptocurrency because the tech will take some power away from the state and corporations and put it in the hands of the individual. Beyond that this new wave of capitalism is actually equalizing wealth a little bit, and I'm obviously not against that. Also the infrastructure crypto research builds today will help create the post-scarcity world of tomorrow. That world might not be communist in nature either--it still could be--but it definitely won't be capitalist. 
Some quick fallacies to debunk for anyone reading who's interested.
Not all communists are marxists.
Not all communists are authoritarian.
Not all anarchists are leftists.
Not all left anarchists hate the free market, see mutualism. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 03:26:14
With all respect, big blocks solve the problem in the short term. LN is centralized, ETH will dethrone you. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 08:08:04
The only genuine large scale attempts have literally been invaded by counterevolutionaries before getting off the ground. The Makhnovists got killed off by the Bolsheviks during the Russian revolution. Yes, the same Bolsheviks that dictated the formation of the U.S.S.R and were totalitarian in nature. (Anarcho-communists don't get along with archo-communists) Revolutionary Catalonia on the other hand literally got invaded by Fascists. Unlike state socialists who have had a genuine chance to prove their doctrine, anarchists never have. They are either killed off by other "communists" or capitalists before they can even get their feet wet.
There is a massive difference between communism without a government and communism with a government. The former is genuinely untested and the latter an utter failure. I know that saying, "we haven't tried communism yet" is a meme, but there is truth in that meme from an anarchist perspective at least. If you see anyone brandishing a hammer and sickle though, take the liberty to call out their BS.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:11:18
Negative comments my ass, my Ledger told me to pay a $100 transaction fee yesterday. This is getting out of hand.
Of course people are going to complain, this has nothing to do with a propaganda campaign like your insinuating. I don't have an attachment to either bitcoin TBH. Whichever one is more usable will gain my support and these insane transaction fees are starting to sway me. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:28:27
To quote another redditor from this thread as they're more eloquent than myself ---&gt; 
u/Ewball_Oust defines personal and private property as follows






In short private property is any capital that a person uses to create more capital without imputing the labour required themselves.
In this sense those three cars are still mine as long as I use them in some regular fashion. I cannot use a whole railroad myself. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:52:13
You have to understand how unnerving it is to have sent a $10,000 transaction and not even have confirmation that it arrived after a month. You have the responsibility to let me know that the money arrived safely, even if it takes a while to credit my account with it. Because if it hasn't arrived then I have to take other actions to track it down and figure out what went wrong. 
I do appreciate your response though.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:40:07
Update: CEX.IO got back to me, now I'm waiting on incompetent bankers to get me an MT-103 form.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:49:38
It's a USD wire transfer. Sorry should have specified that. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:17:32
Not FUDing but you sir are definitely shilling. Also, since fucking when was even a $15 fee acceptable? Since when was waiting a day for a transaction to go through okay? Fees used to be cheaper than Visa m8.
/\/\/\/\/\/\ Proof of my claim, low transaction fee was $93 if you were wondering.
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:56:08
What strategy? 
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:54:54
Too bad Gemini asked for additional vitrifaction from me and the only verification they accept in my particular case is a paycheck and I'm SELF EMPLOYED! 
Sorry, I'm glad it's working for you but I have to call out their BS everytime I see it. I have verified Bittrex, ploniex, Kraken, Bitifenix and Cex.io accounts, Gemini is a pile of piss. 