@_author: anarchocatholic
@_date: 2014-01-12 02:08:15
So, about 9 hours after all this, the guy finally sent another photo with his reference number; he just said he missed my instructions, which seems unlikely. I'm still not convinced he wasn't pulling something, but he satisfied my terms of trade, so I released the coins. If it was a man-in-the-middle scam like it seemed, that was enough time for him to get a possible victim to re-submit another photo as well, but I guess I'll only find out if authorities come questioning me since it'd be my info left with the victim. Now I'm requiring buyers to write the following on receipts: *"[BuyerUsername] to [MyUsername] for LocalBitcoins [ReferenceNumber]"* and already had a couple other buyers follow these instructions without any problems, although I did have to remind one guy to add the info. 
@_date: 2014-01-11 20:45:53
ooooh, I think I get it now. hmm... a scammer poses as a seller of something somewhere until he gets a victim to bite, he initiates a trade with me for the exact same amount, gets my info, gives the victim my info as if its his own, the victim makes the deposit with cash, sends him a pic of the receipt, he re-sends it to me as if he made the deposit, I release the coins to him, and the victim is out the cash with nothing but my name and account number to associate with the scam!
I guess writing the username or reference number on the receipt prevents a scammer from posing as another seller on LBC, because the victim would have a different username and trade reference number. It wouldn't make much sense for the scammer to ask a victim to write his own username or a different reference number that didn't match on their receipt. 
You're right though, it doesn't prevent the scammer from "selling" to a victim somewhere else or for something else and giving my reference number out as his own reference number. I guess I should require *both* the username and reference number to be written on it, as it would make less sense to a victim. If I only require a username, it isn't necessarily unique to each trade request. Perhaps I should go one step further and have them even write my username as well, such as *"BUYER to SELLER for LocalBitcoins REFERENCE 
If this trade is a scam attempt like this, perhaps he forgot to ask the victim to write the info on the receipt or he asked and the victim forgot. Now that I'm asking him to send a new picture, he can't, unless he's back-tracking and trying to get the victim to send a new pic. I suppose he could also try an in-person scam and physically receive the receipt from the victim, but now his appearance is exposed. 
I still haven't heard back from the guy so far... 
@_date: 2014-01-11 23:40:55
I think I figured out the "man-in-the-middle" scam above ( I was only thinking of ways I might be the victim, I hadn't considered how a scammer might use my info to scam a third party. 
I've considered your first question before, but then I'd see two pending deposits, and the cash deposit would be irreversible anyway. The only way this might be possible is if the scammer had access to an account at the same financial institution (FI) that had the same last four digits as mine, since the account number on the receipt is truncated (e.g. XXXXXX5263). They could make a cash deposit to the similar account number and then some kind of reversible deposit for a matching amount to mine, but send me the receipt for the cash deposit. It would seem to match the pending deposit I'd see in my account, I'd release the coins, and then they could stop/bounce/reverse the deposit to my account. It is still risky for the scammer though, because with a phone call, I could easily have the FI find information on the account with the decoy deposit based on the receipt, although they wouldn't release any account info without a police report. 
I've wondered about the second question as well because I work at a financial institution myself; not that I was thinking how I could scam anyone, but how it might be possible for an insider. A dishonest employee is a possibility, although it would be extremely rare because every employee knows how well everything is tracked and how easily everything is identified; all I'd have to do is call the bank and it would be easy for them to identify the employee in question. Even if they had left employment, FIs don't take dishonesty lightly (besides their own, of course). At worst they'd press charges, and at best they'd have the employee's bond revoked so they could never work at a FI again. Doesn't keep people from occasionally trying though, we had a high-level administrator caught pulling some scams recently. 
On your third point, it could be possible to try to re-use a receipt, which is why I have them write a reference number that is unique for each trade, not just their username. I've had some repeat buyers trade the exact same USD amount several times. They could easily try to pass off an old receipt, which is why it's important to check the date and time, and the unique reference number helps. I can only think of one good exploit here that I don't think I should mention as it might give scammers the idea, but it would still involve making a temporary reversible deposit to the seller's account which would leave some kind of trail behind. Doesn't mean people wouldn't try it though.
I'll definitely let you all know how it turns out. Either way, even if it's a learning expense, I'm glad it was a smaller amount. I just don't want someone else to get scammed by a man-in-the-middle scammer using my name.