@_author: ancapcrow
@_date: 2014-09-08 00:09:35
That's actually a really good idea, Namecoin browser with a huge list of .bit bookmarks to get people started. It would also be nice to have some type of wordpress.bit site, so people can setup their own blogs for free, with a real p2p domain. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 20:34:35


Yes, just like all apps on android and apple, just like the bitcoin client, The user
has to download and install the apps/programs themselves and this shouldn't be a problem at all, because the process doesn't stop them from doing so with other apps/tools. So i am not so sure that this is the reason that blockchain p2p domain names are not being massivily adopted by the masses. With a simple plugin like you mentioned, it is very easy to get users to install it, if they actually want to access the content, especially if you restrict it to your p2p domain name. 
You can advertise on your site that you are switching to .bit or .p2p and they will need to install the easy p2p plugin for firefox. You can post a simple video explaining and showing exactly how to do it and why it is a good idea and maybe even a video showing them how they too can have a p2p domain name. I think this is what it will take for more adoption, but namecoin doesn't seem like the perfect option for p2p domains, at least in my opinion. 
Namecoin might work out well in the end, but i think a proof of stake coin would be better, considering you have to renew the domain pretty often, right? 
I am checking into this right now. It seems like a good option for keeping your identity and dns on the Namecoin blockchain, without having to download the huge blockchain. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 09:57:36


 Do you have a source for that? 
If you're saying i will lose all of my 3 second viewers, would that actually matter?
If they aren't reading the content, or buying anything, or clicking my ads, why should i care if they click exit after 1 second instead of 3? 
If you have good content that is interesting and entertaining, they should be spending a lot more than just 3 seconds on your site, especially if they are a daily viewer. Just like the process of monetizing your website, you don't start doing that day 1, you wait until you have many viewers that enjoy your content before you start trying to make money on it. If they see a bunch of ads the first time they click on your site, sure they may click exit right away, but if you wait a few months or a year until you have a wider audience, switching to a p2p domain should be pretty successful. 
If you are running a webstore, a site which you sell items or content on, You could tell your customers if they use the .p2p domain, they get 10% off their next order. There are many ways to incentivise them to install the plugin. You could setup a site on your .bit that has a coupon code for your webstore that gives them the discount, they have to be able to access the .bit to obtain this discount. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 02:42:18
4th of July 2015 is the date when Amazon will bring forth, its own bitcoin implementation plan.... until then, bitcoin is on sale, so stock up, or not, its your choice....
@_date: 2014-10-05 05:59:45
The problem happens when these exchanges actually use a fake token(bitcoin token) and they pump and dump on the market to make a lot of profit. The tokens are what is allowing them to manipulate the market, do not call for regulators to save you from the bad guys, because the regulators are the bad guys, Instead rely on new technology and innovation to fix the problems at hand. No need to cry out to the state as if it is your mommy and tell her to save you from the bullies on the block, instead support technology that will put a stop to the bullies on the block and take away their control, so that you can keep your lunch money. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 05:52:49
Private schools are a far better option than a forced monopoly with no competition, which is what public schools are. Public schools are funded with money stolen from everyone, they do not have to worry about being in a competitive market, they don't have to worry so much about having the best teachers for the job, if anything goes wrong or teachers do something they're not supposed to, parents may complain and not much will ever happen or change. With private schools, if there is a teacher bullying the children, the parents complain and the teacher gets fired, if not, the parents have the option to send their kids to one of the other many private schools, which would be very affordable in a free market/market anarchy. Because parents have many other options this motivates the schools to be more efficient and hire the best teachers they can and will also stop them from doing what they aren't supposed to, such as bullying children, which actually happens more than you would think. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 07:04:52
Yeah, just like your pictures are safe on the icloud. BAh ha ha