@_author: ancaptain
@_date: 2012-09-08 18:50:09
First off, not everyone benefits, despite what you claim or believe. I don't think very many people benefit from war spending for example. 
Second of all, just because someone benefits, it doesn't mean that was the best use of their money. I can't take $100 from you and then mow your lawn, buy you lunch and claim my actions are moral just because you benefited from it.
@_date: 2012-09-09 01:59:05
How do you know they won't price them correctly? You do understand that the market is a dynamic thing where your "incorrect" pricing should correct as excessive profits signal the market to produce more of that good/service. If you monopolize it, you don't get more for less, you get the opposite.
Is it possible that government intervention hastily introduced before a more efficient solution may actually disengage the process whereby more efficient and innovative solutions are found? The way I see it, the free market may not provide ideal solutions immediately but when left to our own devices in a peaceful and cooperative way, left to compete and emulate best practises, profits dissipate, quality and quantity of goods and services increase and the market stabilizes.
I agree with your downvoting dismay, but this is reddit, it's their thing.
@_date: 2012-09-09 03:00:02
OK, well corporations may not pollute waters because they know they'll be sued. They know that the people who they impose negative externalities upon will seek compensation and rightfully so, basically tort law. 
The thing is, dispute resolution, law creation and enforcement are monopolized by the state. Corporations are a government created legal entity whereby a group of individuals create a company and have limited liability and various other advantages. In a truly free market, this structure would not exist and corporations would have to consider this. They would not impose negative externalities on others if they were not protected and would incur additional costs associated with them.
Corporations all around the world pollute because they are effectively protected by the state. 
@_date: 2012-09-09 02:40:35
Well then it is the law making and dispute resolution process that has failed to price it in (i.e. the government who has monopolized this service), not the free market.
@_date: 2012-09-09 03:53:23
Oh right...
Many programs result in positive externalities. Under what circumstances is it acceptable to use taxation (i.e. extracting resources through coercion) to fund these programs? I mean, I can't take money from you unilaterally to plant trees, so under what circumstances does it make sense?
Also, if you do condone the use of taxation to fund programs with positive externalities, you also take away from potential programs that produce positive externalities both directly and indirectly that were funded voluntarily. 
@_date: 2012-09-02 19:05:24
What do Germans do differently than Keynesian influenced countries?
@_date: 2012-10-13 20:33:37
Haha, what? Silver *is* the backing!
Silver has intrinsic value that is quite durable and is therefore a store of value. Bitcoin is not a store of value insofar as it has no intrinsic value beyond the fact that its widely accepted, much like a fiat currency. The only difference is that the acceptance of BTC is voluntary and for fiat currency, acceptance is achieved through force/threat of violence. So you can see the key difference and indication of sustainability. 
@_date: 2012-10-14 18:07:45


Silver costs more than most metals. Why do engineers use it if it costs more? Because it has unique properties like, for instance, its the **most** conductive metal and is therefore not replaceable for some applications. Any commodity like metals have intrinsic value. In any case, they have more value than an IOU to the same commodity.


You're absolutely right. The thing is, I can pretty much guarantee you that there will be no supply shock to PMs anytime soon. Mining is not an easy task and it is very labour and energy intensive.


I would agree, but I think its more accurate to say that BTC has the lowest transactional costs and is probably the securest way of transferring ownership in a non-reversible manner.


I agree! The only thing I'm really trying to say is that this value is derived by human perception and trust. It is inherently unstable and not based on objective reality. I'm not saying its  "not real" or that this value is fake, just unstable by that nature. The value of Silver on the other hand is grounded in science (i.e. its chemical properties and its scarcity as understood by geology).


I agree, but you see although bitcoin may be scarce, identically functioning competing substitutes to bitcoin could easily pop-up and steal marketshare from BTC, reducing its purchasing power. I'm not saying that will happen, who knows, maybe BTC will grow and be in use for the rest of our lives, it would not surprise me. I personally foresee (as it is today) a dynamic and rich currency/money mix, just not composed of fiat but free market providers. How will they gain the trust of people? Through precious metals! You can transfer ownership of gold/silver electronically as easily as BTC. Of course, it's not as secure given the holding companies can just screw you over, but I think if there are enough of them and the system is not monopolized and regulated by an central authority figure, this could work as well. Especially if we experience a currency collapse and the political powers are not permitted to try their shit again, this could work.
I see both bitcoin and asset-backed money simultaneously existing in the market. With cellphones and the internet, I can see many competing currencies co-existing.
@_date: 2012-09-02 19:12:29
Inflation is not the only solution. Creditors can lose their investment instead of socializing the costs to all savers (through bailouts funded by monetary inflation). If you lend a crackhead money and he doesn't pay you back, you don't get a bailout, you lose your "investment". The same thing should be true if you lend a nation-state money that it can't pay back, you lose your money!
@_date: 2012-09-08 18:52:33
Great example of how voluntarism and the free market can solve problems where many people think violence and coercion is the only way.
I believe an example of this can be found in selling land to build a toll route.
Also, there is no reason to think that fees cannot be charged for use afterwards. Perhaps those who invested early on through the aforementioned assurance contracts can be stakeholders. 
People think that we need to use force to make these projects happen because they will not happen otherwise, which is just not true or because there will be free riders, to which I would reply that taxation does not solve this problem whatsoever.
@_date: 2012-10-14 06:09:26
Silver doesn't need to be redeemable in anything besides itself! It's in demand by thousands of applications. The same can be said for food or toilet paper, but these are not money because they're not portable/divisible/durable. Bitcoin is portable/divisible/durable but it is not a store of value! It is intrinsically worthless. I never said BTC was fiat, it's clearly not. All I said was that like fiat, it is also not a true store of value. BTC could in theory be replaced by an alternative, as long as the market perception changes. This is not true for silver, its scarcity and unique chemical properties give it value.
@_date: 2013-07-06 22:59:25
Wowsers, advanced technical degrees but you can't seem to figure out the chain rule? E is a function of t, so log(E(t)) requires chain rule:
d log(E(t)) / dt = 1/E * dE/dt = dE/E / dt.
I have a masters in electrical engineering, I've taken 4 calculus courses in university and have been a TA for calc, but this is all irrelevant because what I stated is obivously correct.
@_date: 2013-06-19 13:38:42


What about ex-pats who don't pay taxes in foreign countries? What about the millions of people who don't pay any income tax in the US many of whom which receive more money from the government then they contribute. Are they thieves? 
How do you define "fair"? From what I see it, taxes are anything but fair and logical, this is why such a system can only be maintained through violent enforcement, right?
It's  not that I don't want to pay for my services or donate to charities and help my fellow man, I just don't agree with the approach taken by the state. It's wasteful, ineffective and IMO, it actually hurts the poor a lot. All that I ask is that I be granted the same freedom I grant you to act peacefully on your conscious. 
@_date: 2013-05-25 15:40:14


Dude, what? Look around the room you're in right now, it was probably all bought voluntarily without being forced to buy it. The vast majority of what you consume is done so voluntarily, and yes even roads are built voluntarily by private corporations. 
In any case, no one is trying to stop you from paying those you want to, the real question is, are you OK with using violence against those who disagree with your opinions and preferences?
@_date: 2013-06-18 14:06:23
Or you're welcome to engage in voluntary trade but not to initiate force against otherwise peaceful people... if you want to move, you're more then welcome to, but I don't see why others should move because you disagree with their peaceful opinion.
@_date: 2013-01-24 18:29:42
you mean like people and their homes?
@_date: 2013-08-03 22:14:18


This is not likely to happen, I think you should give the free market and the bitcoin community more credit than that.  I think you should also recognize the fact that just because you don't know how the collective intelligence of humans cooperating will solve these problems, it doesn't mean solutions don't exist.
@_date: 2013-05-25 15:44:26
OK, you can choose which of only 3 men get to rape you. This is not force because you get to vote. 
Also, at no point do you really get to choose how much tax you pay, it was imposed on you, so don't act like you actually made a choice to pay those taxes. If you were given an option to pay 50% of the tax you currently do, you'd take it in a heartbeat because the notion that what you pay right now is "fair" is actually just a justification you make up to make yourself feel better.
@_date: 2013-07-06 21:45:38
chain rule son...    d log(E) / dt = (dE/E)/dt
See that dE/E? ...yea that's the percent change.. Pretty straight forward right?
@_date: 2013-06-19 18:29:28


What share? How is that determined? If you go to a buffet and the buffer hands you a bill for 20% of your income for the remainder of your life, are you going to pay it? 


I think that initiating force against an individual because he/she disagrees with your opinion of what is fair is immoral and wrong. I think that insisting that a victim should have to leave his or her home because it's inconvenient for the predatory coercive action is also wrong. 
I am just far less willing to use violence to solve problems than you are I suppose. I think violence is justified when it's used as self defense, but as a predatory form of coercing resources from their rightful owners who obtained them through voluntary trade.
@_date: 2013-07-06 22:44:24
Dude, are you fucking kidding me? Do you even know what chain-rule is bro?
Seriously, I'm embarassed for you... *cringe *
Haha, I love the "your grasp of calculus is poor at best", it literally made me lol at how fucking preposterous that is given my education/background... you would never say that to me in real life but on the internet, it's standard procedure.
@_date: 2013-05-25 17:07:13
What happens when you disagree with your democratically chosen government and decide not to pay taxes that you feel are immoral (i.e. taxes that fund war and crimes against humanity)? What happens when you don't pay a ticket for not wearing your own seat belt?
@_date: 2013-07-06 04:14:54
Dude, what? Growth is expressed in %, which is EXACTLY what log chart is.