@_author: ancow
@_date: 2011-06-09 05:32:52
Which is the problem I was trying to point out. Thanks for phrasing it better than I could.
@_date: 2011-06-08 07:24:57
While I agree that deepbit's network share is worrying, there are some (more or less serious) flaws in your reasoning:
* the pie chart gets pretty inaccurate when pool luck is as bad as it has been these past few hours. The problem here is that it takes the individual pool's speed from the sites, but the whole network's speed from the amount of blocks submitted. If calculating a share takes as long as it has for deepbit, the pool gets a slice of the pie that should go to others. IOW, the pie chart is overrepresenting deepbit's share.
* if deepbit (hacked or not) does bad stuff to bitcoin, there's going to be a huge outcry and tycho stands to loose everything.
* he's sharing his profits with his co-administrators, so he's not making quite that much.
* I've yet to see another pool with deepbit's stability and features (not that that's an argument against switching - most people don't need all those features, anyway...).
Other than that, yes, people should try other pools. Just please try to fact-check your arguments, because "internet argumentation" of throwing out wild accusations and using unproven arguments is not going to do your case any good in the long run.
@_date: 2011-06-09 05:05:56
Actually, not so much. A botnet would need either a huge amount of workers or a huge amount of connections from different IP addresses for each worker. Both are fairly easy to spot, and I seem to recall Tycho mentioning that he wouldn't stand for that.
(Obviously, the owner of such a botnet could just create lots of accounts, but I believe the amount of work associated with making just a small group of bots connect to each account wouldn't be worth it. It'd be far easier to run their own bot-pool with no charges.)
@_date: 2011-06-08 08:46:14
Why not just create a pool that trains super soldiers that take out all the rival pools? :-P
@_date: 2011-06-09 05:15:51
Actually, my biggest concern is that he might get hacked by someone who wants to hurt bitcoin. They just need to discover some unpatched/undisclosed security hole, start a DDoS as a diversion and root his server. Then lay low for a week or so and start a forking attack. (Not quite as easy or likely as it sounds, but likely successful as soon as step one is successfully executed.)
@_date: 2011-06-08 08:34:25




Right now, they do. When I last checked, Bitcoin Watch had deepbit at around 55%, which was clearly too high (but then, deepbit's luck has been going up a little).


Your claim about the $112/h isn't accurate (with respect to Tycho).
Your mention of the pie chart is *really* subjective as that changes all the time. You should've at least mentioned the approximate percentage it was showing when you posted (e.g. right now, deepbit is at ~45% on that chart).
My point about deepbit going down as soon as anything bad originates from it is quite obvious and definitely not purely subjective. After all, nobody with any kind of stake in bitcoin would mine there if they lose trust. (Sure, that's mostly an opinion, but I feel I have a good argument there as opposed to your rather unfounded claim that deepbit's users wouldn't notice if anything was going wrong.)
Also, I wasn't trying to give out general advice to everyone or to prove a point. I was merely telling you what mistakes you are making in your argumentation and some of the counterarguments they were leaving you open to. That kind of comment doesn't require proof, you only need proof when trying to make a point in a discussion, not when pointing out flaws in one!
FFS, I even agree on your main point, I just don't think all this hyping of hypothetical and unproven scenarios is helping it!
@_date: 2011-06-08 07:09:45
Tycho shares the work and profits with several other people, so his profits aren't nearly as high as you make out.
Obviously he can live comfortably off of deepbit, but then he created a very stable pool with lots of features, so that can't be held against him.