@_author: andcuriouser
@_date: 2018-01-30 16:09:37
Should everyone's wallet be their node? It seems like that's what you're implying, and indeed the original Bitcoin Core client was a wallet and a node/mining all in one. Nodes and mining split away from each other, and so did the wallet and the node. Should people use a node as their wallet, or really should not *every* wallet address owner need to run a node?
I guess I wonder what does node count do for me as a user of bitcoin, and if it's not used as my wallet, why should I run one.
@_date: 2018-01-31 05:23:12


Can you qualify this statement that 12,000 nodes is far from enough? What's enough, and enough for what? 
@_date: 2018-01-30 16:05:04
I understand the point, but if there were only 100 nodes and they were all in Seattle, and I was just an enthusiastic user with a wallet but not a node, then in a way decentralization *isn't* just about myself. It's how much I trust those other people to not be collusive. Is your expectation that in order to be properly decentralized, every possessor of bitcoin should be running a node? To be clear, and people should be using a node as a wallet as well? (My assumption was using a node as a wallet wasn't exactly safe.)
@_date: 2018-01-31 05:29:10
When I send a transaction, it receives confirmations from various nodes. Can one of these nodes be my own node, so my node is helping to confirm my own transaction? So my node would be checking its version of the ledger that I have the necessary balance to send, and checking that the destination address is valid, and add one of the several confirmations my transaction needs. Right?
@_date: 2018-05-24 06:28:11
You might consider actually using Bitcoin the way it was designed, not the way wallet services and exchanges are designed.
Regarding the 3% fees, I think you are referring to what something like Coinbase charges, which is a service that isn’t actually Bitcoin but instead is a convenience provider. Use Bitcoin itself and don’t pay 3% at every turn.
As for a nine-day hold on a broker account, I am assuming this means a trading exchange, which again is not an indictment of Bitcoin itself, as a trading exchange is a speculative trading tool to day-trade—it’s not actually utilizing the Bitcoin system and abstracts from your actual usage of it (and if your only interface with Bitcoin is via an exchange, you definitely aren’t interacting with the network itself).
As for your point about anonymity, “everything you’ve dealt with” that asks for your IDs and such: Those services or products are not Bitcoin. Bitcoin as an open source network does not require a name, email address, phone number, mailing address, bank account, citizenship proof, or photo to use. Anyone who sits on the bridge and says you do is capitalizing on your ignorance. In fact, you don’t even need an internet connection to receive bitcoin as payment, amazing no?
As for verification, if you are asking someone else to let you “back into my wallet,” my good friend: This is not Bitcoin. Bitcoin from the first sentence of its design paper specifically intends for you to never have to ask someone to let you access your money. If you are asking someone to let you access your money, doesn’t it occur to you that you therefore don’t own that balance? Bitcoin means you permissionlessly own your money.
As for hacked wallets, I think you are confusing wallet services that you sign into with all of the aforementioned identifications versus actual Bitcoin wallet addresses where you are the sole owner of its private key, or in the case of multisig, its trio of private keys.
Before you put sarcastic quotes around “in control,” suggesting Bitcoin doesn’t let you be in control of your money, perhaps you should try using Bitcoin—itself—and not rely on all of the middleware abstracting you from exactly what you wish it was. Make your wallet, own your keys.