@_author: andflywithme
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:36:05
Oh I will definitely give that a watch, thank you for the recommendation. The violent take overs were crazy. We had friends who had men with guns show up and tell them they had a week to leave. They had a huge, productive farm we used to go visit. Livestock and crops. The night before they were supposed to leave, with everything packed up, someone came and stole all their boxes from their house. Crazy shit.
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:49:51
That was maybe a little dramatic, because I hate to compare struggles. Everyone has their own difficulties in their life/society etc and just because someone has a worse one doesn't mean that yours isn't valid. It is. 
But OP was drawing a connection to the Zimbabwe situation that wasn't quite on the money, and I wanted to put that in perspective. 
And yes, I'd hope that you would feel a little privileged/grateful if you compared your situation to third world country conditions under a quasi-to-full militia dictatorship (not that I know your situation, but assuming you are living in a first world country). But that's all about your perspective on life, of course
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:17:13
Yeah the "elections" were always rigged from day one I've heard
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:12:01
I haven't kept up with South Africa as much since leaving Zim - sad to hear it's a similar story :/. 
In Zim, those in rural areas would often not have enough food, and I head food supplies would be withheld for votes. Even with that arrangement, I heard there would often still be soldiers in the voting booths. Elections are such a sham. 
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:20:53
It's a similar struggle seen when any country gained their independence in Africa (and elsewhere). They've only seen rule by colonization as their example. They had to fight a revolution to win independence, which is often going to be lead by those who are radical enough in their thinking and violent enough in their ways to get it done. Then these revolutionists have control. They have to figure out how to run a county. But now they also have a platform to carry out their crazy idealistic thinking, and they won't let go of that power.
So lesson would be, hey white people don't terrorize and exploit a country and it's people for profit, they'll revolt and you'll lose but TBH they are still fucked from the mess you made. 
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:37:48
Oh I didn't know they had moved away from USD again! Ughh literally such a stupid decision and you see it's direct effect. Fuck gets me so livid.
@_date: 2017-10-12 05:34:30
I lived there from when I was 7 to 14. So all of this is a liiiittle bit what I learned in school, but mostly what I heard everyone talking about and saw and experienced. As I got older I tried to keep up, and I started to put things together more. But it was also just so evident - we felt the country unravelling around us with each decision that was made by him. 
If you're interested in learning more, a guy I used to know made a few videos about pieces of Zimbabwe history. Their whole family was and is really bravely outspoken. This one I found super interesting because I didn't know how fucked up Mugabe was from the get go until I watched this video. Because no one ever talked about it.
@_date: 2017-10-12 00:05:54
This is one time it isn't reaaaally the banks' fault. Zimbabwe used to be known as "the breadbasket of Africa" and was doing pretty solid. Then post-1980-independence president Robert fking Gabriel Mugabe (who is still in power) made a bunch of shitty decisions because he didn't want to give up power, was corrupt, and wanted to make his friends richer. 
He took successful farms away from white Zimbabweans and gave them to black Zimbabweans. Okay idea in theory "for justice", although so fked up to the families who were often given a week to pack up and leave a piece of land that their family had worked to run. But, did he give them to people who knew how to run farms? Nope. Zimbabwe is a huge agricultural economy. That quickly started tanking. 
Price of bread starts to rise. What does he do? Put's a cap on the price of bread. Did he put a cap on the price of wheat? Nope. 
Well at least we have our precious minerals that we can mine!! Nope, sold mines to China for airplanes. 
These are just a few, and definitely not the most fucked up, things Mugabe did that caused Zim economy to tank, and inflation to go wild. Banks failed in that people who were putting their savings in banks essentially lost it all - they couldn't withdraw it because of a cash shortage, or even if they could it just wasn't worth anything due to inflation. 
Carry that to remind yourself that you have the privilege of worrying about the banking system. That you don't have to worry about electricity shortages, or no gas at gas stations for weeks, or that your business will be taken away from you, or that you could disappear if you speak out about any of these things too loudly. 
Source: lived in Zimbabwe as a kid. Saw the price of a hot dog go from $7 to $3500.