@_author: andkore
@_date: 2014-02-03 01:17:07


Maybe you shouldn't get your philosophy from movies.


Rational self-interest is good, not "greed" (if greed means doing things like stealing from others). And no, I wouldn't have, because I don't steal.


Morality isn't subjective. And yes, I am better than people who wouldn't return stolen money to its owner.
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:56:57
Only in the Bitcoin "community" would there be so much surprise that someone did the right thing. You fucking greedy scumbags. I can't wait till Bitcoin goes mainstream and you are all drowned out in a sea of normal, decent people.
@_date: 2012-09-15 21:26:17
24% inflation isn't hyperinflation, but it's still pretty damn bad.
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:32:41
(I'm not the person you replied to.) Wow, I didn't know that. That's disappointing. I've never read any Hayek, only a little about him and others in the Austrian camp, but I had a favorable impression of him. I guess it goes to show what can happen when economists try to do philosophy without philosophy... I agree with a lot of the Austrians' conclusions, but ultimately I think that school of thought is philosophically bankrupt, just like libertarianism.
@_date: 2013-12-05 05:25:19
Ted Cruz?
@_date: 2013-05-08 09:39:40
What is that supposed to mean?
"Facebook was created by a student who dropped out of Harvard".
Or, more comparably, "Dell was created by a student who dropped out of the University of Texas".
Yeah, I doubt this exchange will succeed, but I don't see how your point is relevant.
@_date: 2013-05-10 09:25:08
Stealing is taking someone else's property by force.
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:10:27
To an anarchist, I suppose everyone else looks like a statist. Perhaps Patrick5555 is an anarchist.
@_date: 2013-05-10 00:11:32
Awesome, this is perfect for my level of understanding of cryptography and Bitcoin. Thanks.
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:18:55
I actually disagree. A lot of stuff on here is really stupid ("hold Spartans" shit, etc). But this reminds people who is actually making money: the people who are actually using Bitcoin to trade goods and services, not engaging in rash speculation. Bitcoin is a remarkable innovation. I think it will achieve significant mainstream use in a few years. I think it will have serious political effects. But this recent speculation/bubble shit show side show is disgusting. People need to be reminded how money is actually made. Bitcoin only has value because of the people who are actually doing useful things with it. I'm not opposed to casual or careful speculation, but this greed-crazed speculation is disgusting. People should want to earn money from doing useful work, not from a zero sum buy low sell high game. The good news is that the currency will gradually gravitate from the greedy idiots to the useful workers (like the people at Mt. Gox and Silk Road).
@_date: 2013-05-10 07:57:43


Because morality is objective. Certain kinds of life are better than others. No one can force you to be more moral (by which I mean it is impossible). In order to live the best and happiest possible life, one must have certain freedoms. One must have the freedom to live one's life by reason, free from the coercion of others. The purpose of government is not to make men moral (that, as I said, is impossible), but to protect the individual rights that man needs to live a moral and happy life. So the role of government is to protect individual rights, which are objective. Individual rights are derived from the social conditions necessary for a full, moral, happy life. Since individual rights are objective, when the government acts, there is only ONE correct and moral choice. A man who is guilty of many acts of murder deserves to die, or to live the rest of his life in prison (I would argue for execution if one could be absolutely sure of the evidence, but since that is either impossible or very difficult, life imprisonment is probably better). He has deprived others of the ability to live out their lives, so he deserves such punishment. Now, to the point. A government should act in such a way that it always chooses correctly, and always protects and never violates rights. Even a government with perfect laws will not always succeed in doing this. A jury may make a mistake and sentence a man to a prison term. I bring this up to anticipate this objection. No kind of government is immune to such errors. No government will ever be absolutely perfect in protecting rights. HOWEVER, anarcho-capitalism advocates a system of government in which the AIM of the government is not even the right one. In a society governed by objective law, although there will be errors, the aim will always be to protect individual rights. But anarcho-capitalism perverts government by allowing competition. What if the two protection agencies who are representing opposing parties make some sort of deal that benefits them most financially, but does not result in the right action being taken? What if they decide that they won't put a murderer in prison for life, because nobody would want to be represented by a protection agency who would do that to them? And instead they give some 20 year sentence to the murderer as a sort of compromise, to placate the members of the other protection agency who want to know that they are being protected (i.e. if someone kills them, the murderer will be punished). Also note that these protection schemes are similarly vulnerable to the kinds of errors that a government with a monopoly on force is vulnerable to. They could similarly make mistakes in determining matters of fact about cases (did X shoot Y). However, in addition, there is no assurance that the goals of the agencies are the right ones (to protect individual rights). Now, you may object that there is nothing ensuring that a monopolistic government will have the right laws/aims. But we are comparing the the ideal models for both viewpoints (i.e. we are assuming that each view has been actualized). And while it is clear that this ideal objective government will defend individual rights, it is NOT clear that the protection agencies will all protect individual rights. Their aims and behavior depends on the demands of the consumers. They are in a business. Yes, a population could all strongly desire to be represented by agencies that protect individual rights, and spend their money accordingly, but there is nothing ensuring that. In contrast, in a society with a monopolistic and objective government, even if the majority of citizens demanded a government that pursued rights-infringing goals, the government would still behave properly (because the economic demand of the majority would not affect the behavior of the government, since it is not a business, it is not selling a service). So even in the ideal anarcho-capitalist dream were realized, there would be no assurance that the right rules would be followed by the governments. The market will not automatically select rights-protecting protection agencies. It is not logically necessary for such a protection agency market to result in the right kind of governments.
@_date: 2013-07-29 03:04:14
It's fucking vandalism.
@_date: 2013-05-10 08:54:59


Obviously a majority of people don't want their rights defended. Otherwise Obama wouldn't be in office (not an endorsement of the Republicans)


It would not be financed by taxation. It would be financed by donations. A blacklist could be created by people who really cared about having an effective rights-protecting government. They would not trade with anyone who did not donate to the government. Pretty easily the effect would snowball, and the cost of a small donation would be far less than the cost of not being able to trade with tons of other people.


That is not true. There is an enormous difference between a government financed by donations and anarcho-capitalism. I think I just tried to explain that difference.


This is a misunderstanding of the non-aggression principle. People forget the context of the NAP and the justification for it, and latch on to just the words themselves. Then they come to ridiculous conclusions like this one. I've heard this argument before. Someone starts a protection agency, the agency responds to a crime committed against one of its customers, the agency goes after the guilty party and punishes him. Then the police swoop in and shut down the agency. But the agency hasn't initiated the use of force against anyone! They were just using retaliatory force against the bad guys! I knew there was something wrong with this argument, but it took me a while to figure out what (it's pretty tricky).  Not all punishments carried out against guilty parties are instances of use of retaliatory force (even if the punishment is appropriate for the crime, and the party is, again, actually guilty). Why is this? Because there is more to retaliatory force than those two factors (guilty party, right punishment). Part of what distinguishes the two kinds of force is the method by which the punishment is carried out (how the guilty party is tried and sentenced). What if you caught someone stealing from you. And instead of getting the government involved, you decided to just punish him yourself (i.e. form a protection agency). So you lock him away in humane conditions for a few months (which happens to be the right amount of punishment), and then let him go, because you're not a bad person, and you're not going to punish him more than he deserved. Is this an instance of initiating force or using force in retaliation? The latter! If you think it's the former, you have forgotten the justification for removing force from human relations. A society in which competition in force is allowed is a society in which every man is his own judge, jury, and executioner. The purpose of government is to protect those things that are required for one to live a full moral and happy life. But a person in such a society has no protection from force, because anyone who feels he has been wronged can punish him arbitrarily. "But the vigilante would have to negotiate with his prisoner's protection agency." Why? They can't make him. And he isn't interested in the amount of money they're offering. He's a rich man. "But he would want to have his own protection agency, and the protection agency would forbid its members from administering their own punishment." Well this man is rich, so he pays for the Platinum Pistol (R) service from Do You Feel Lucky, Punk?, Incorporated. It costs more, but it lets him take matters into his own hands. And why wouldn't they offer a service like that? They'd make more money.
In general, I think your idea that market forces will yield protection agencies that protect individual rights is completely inaccurate. They want money and their members don't want to go to jail. The richer you are, the less likely you are to receive the punishment you deserve when you commit a crime.
@_date: 2013-05-10 07:04:28
Socialists don't like non-fiat currencies, because without fiat currencies they can't steal from people using monetary policy. And the less stealing they can do, the less wealth redistribution they can do.
@_date: 2013-05-15 04:23:11


I'm guessing you mean cash, as in paper bills and coins? Because the US GDP alone is $15 trillion. I'm not sure what the relevance of the amount of fiat currency represented by coins and bills is...
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:06:21
Comparing Bitcoin to Dwolla is pretty absurd. Dwolla is not a currency. Of course it's easier to make an easy to use centralized payments system than it is to make an easy to use currency with the properties that Bitcoin has. I imagine that Bitcoin will become easier to use not by significant changes to Bitcoin itself but by the formation of trustworthy organizations (somewhat analogous to banks) that provide ways to indirectly use Bitcoins securely. Some level of abstraction is necessary because you're not going to get everyone who has money to understand public key cryptography and other concepts that are fundamental to really understanding Bitcoin. I don't think everyone has to be directly using Bitcoins in order to benefit from Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-10 08:55:37
Uh, care to elaborate?
@_date: 2013-05-18 04:04:22
I agree with you (you might want to mention you're quoting Rand), but I don't see why the comment you replied to prompted you to write that. Do you interpret the NAP as logically entailing anarcho-capitalism?
@_date: 2013-05-18 07:07:09
I agree with you re: floating abstraction. I think that's how people get confused with anarcho-capitalism. They forget what the justification and context of the NAP is, and they only think about what it literally says. This leads them to think that a government that has a monopoly on force violates the NAP. Anyway, Objectivism more or less asserts the NAP (role of government is to prevent people from initiating the use of force).
@_date: 2013-05-06 04:53:57
Of course this can be mitigated significantly with a coin tumbler, right?
@_date: 2013-10-24 18:44:43
I don't think that's really true. The value of Bitcoin fluctuates way more than the value of the dollar. And people are familiar with how much a dollar is worth. Over time as more and more trade is transacted with Bitcoin, people will become less interested in how much Bitcoin is worth in dollars, and how much products cost in dollars. However, that is a very long way off, and there's no point in trying to unnaturally accelerate this process.
@_date: 2013-03-09 09:07:18
I find Satoshi's story to be fascinating. It's like something out of a science fiction novel. This guy creates a potentially world-changing technology on his own, with just a computer, while remaining totally anonymous, and then just disappears. I just think it's so cool. We're really living in the age of science fiction now.