@_author: andrespadillad
@_date: 2018-09-24 11:45:09
Remember Venezuela gas the cheapest electricity costs in USD or any currency in the world, that makes it efficient for crypto currency mining. The government has taken by force most of the mining farms and mining machines for use for themselves. They have stolen them from their owners. Venezuela gas a few of the most rich people in the world who made their fortunes stealing money from the government and the vig oil company the government took for themselves as their own. Venezuela has the biggest oil reserves in the world. And now maybe the biggest drug dealers in the world. Diosdado Cabello is the new Pablo Escobar but with official  power in the government and the military. Maybe he is richer than Escobar was and more powerful. These people have many mining farms because of the inexistent electric prices and they stile from venezuelan miners their machines some of them even when they arrived to the ports of entry to venezuela. This explains it all. The government reported "official loss of 21 billion dollars" ( that was the coat of the whole brazil world cup 2014) about 4-6 years ago and all the governmental entities are from the dictatorship party obviously so the real number is higher for sure. And that doesn't count the money stolen from PDVSA the gigantic petroleum company the government took as their own. PDVSA in 2012 represented earnings of 98% of all the USD that went into the country every year. Fuckin titanic company... Yes, now it's worth shit, the government destroyed it because they don't know how to run shit ... I hope you all read my tone, I hate Chavez, Maduro, Cabello and all the stupid people that supported them and stole from the country
@_date: 2018-09-24 11:31:10
No one is going back to Venezuela. The government payed some idiot people to go back on 1 single flight one day from Peru to venezuela tu make big news out of that and clean their image a bit. Im venezuelan. I left a few months ago. Everything this person posted is true. Inflation is unbelievable. There is even more unbelievable things happening in that country, all unbelievably wrong and sad... Never say yes to socialism/communism, for your mental, physical, and economical health, never give your support tu a populist socialist that likes dictatorships like the cuban, Che Guevara, Chavez and any of those devils in form of humans...