@_author: andrealessandro
@_date: 2015-02-23 16:00:49
Yes, but it does come down to equipment and if your merchant process does not include bitcoin, that is an expense you have to choose to take on. If your equipment isn't Bitcoin compatible you have to choose what to upgrade. It makes much more sense to upgrade to what billions of people will be using in just a few years rather than a small section of people. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:53:38
1. Bitcoin isn't money. Its a currency. Big difference. 
2. If its just a transport layer, its not going to become a widespread phenom... just something on the fringe.
3. I get the whole asset ledger point, but I have high value for banking secrecy. I'd like to be able to conduct transactions without doxing myself.
@_date: 2015-02-23 16:02:52
I think that's a big statement there. There are regulatory issues, AML laws, and a fuck ton of other issues that Apple would have to integrate. 
Personally, I think the AML is going to keep many many banks and large corps away from Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-23 09:02:46
Author Here. I just wanted to explain my reasoning and respond to a few comments.
I've been interested in Bitcoin since 2011. I was buying and using bitcoins back then just to see how they worked and what their viability would be. On a conceptual level, I personally think that they have great potential. The low transaction fees, anonymity, and decentralized nature of the coin are some great benefits. However, I think that their are some glaring structural issues at the heart of Bitcoin. Namely, the anonymity and the lack of any consumer protection. 
The former is great because it makes it analogous to cash, but its a sad fact of governments today that they want to put an end to cash and have access to monitor every single persons bank accounts. I personally believe this Orwellian situation to be yet another intrusion by the state into its citizens lives. 
The problem is that people just don't care enough about this uncomfortable fact. They simply want to watch dancing with the stars and other shit reality TV. People don't want to worry, the want to use what's easiest for them to keep them alive. 
That's why you all in here, of the techy/libertarian crowd, who have invested time or money into Bitcoin, care about it. But on the list of of things I would recommend for my mother to invest into, Bitcoin would not be one of them. Physical gold yes, but not Bitcoin, because it lacks the history and the emotional connection people have with the former. 
Now, I know that Bitcoin is a modern cryptocurrency and not a physical substance which has been regarded as money since the dawn of recorded human history, but for the moment, most average people would probably equate the two together. Because of the price bubble, they view it as a speculative asset. The price has not trended with any markets nor has any recent political events given Bitcoin any new press.
I think one of the reasons the bubble hit as high as it did for Bitcoin was that at the time of its meteoric rise, the events in Cyprus were just taking place. Capital controls had just been put into effect in the country and the world was scared that the contagion would spread to the rest of Europe. This fear drove up the price IMO, not the viability of the asset. 
Look at what's going on today. Greece may leave the Euro. Russia's currency is tanking, so is Nigeria's and Venezuela's. The Euro will probably hit parity with the dollar. The Yen is fucked. Every currency around the world is starting to show cracks of hitting the edge of what monetary intervention can do, yet Bitcoin is languishing lower and lower. If it really was a safe haven, people would be flocking to it. But its not. I don't even think a major monetary collapse of a G7 currency would save Bitcoin at this point. Thus IMO Bitcoin is dead.
@_date: 2015-02-23 16:05:19
Its not the underlying structure which is hacked, but hacking and other malware can lead the compromise of some ones wallet password and info. 