@_author: andrewrawrrawr
@_date: 2016-11-03 12:58:31
As you say its kind of silly to compare the return of a single investment to the returns on a portfolio of investments.  Also, hindsight is always 20/20 with investments.  
I think of when I first heard of bitcoin, which was sometime in 2012 around the same time I learned about the Silk Road.  Bitcoin was already over $10 at this point, but lets say I bought in and held on till now where bitcoin is in the neighborhood of $740.  Obviously a 74x gain sounds impossibly good, but there was no reason to believe in 2012 this would happen, it would have been a very high risk investment.
Now lets consider a single bet in the stock market with Activision.  In Jan of 2003 it was trading in the neighborhood of $.43.  Recently Activision has been trading around $43 so that is a 100x increase, albeit there has been a longer time period for it to mature.  This is just a stock I know off the top of my head that has had really good individual performance, I'm sure there are other examples of sub $1 stocks that have ballooned much higher over the previous decade and in shorter time spans.  The point is this still would have been a really risky investment in Jan. 2003 because Activision didn't own Infinity Ward, hadn't merged with Vivendi or Blizzard and was under investigation by the SEC for its accounting practices.
Most people don't want their investments to be a gamble, significant diversification eliminates individual investment performance risk but also neuters the chance of any significant gains.  Its the central limit theorem in action, if you have a large number of investments from a wide range of sectors your portfolio is going to be very close in growth to the market overall.  While there is a lot of short term volatility in the market the long term growth is pretty steady around 7%.  This is why Warren Buffett keeps telling people to just invest in low fee index funds.  7% sounds like peanuts compared to the growth of Bitcoin or Activision, but with steady monthly contributions and compounding interest you can guarantee your ability to retire at a reasonable age.  
Putting all your eggs in one basket is much more dangerous because its already too late to get the enormous returns from bitcoin early investors have seen, unless you have some reason to believe bitcoin price will reach $54760 in the next decade.  You would need to go find some investment vehicle that is in the sub $10 range today that is guaranteed to have a double or triple digit gains.  This is the investment advice equivalent of telling a person to simply guess the winning lottery numbers.