@_author: andross1942
@_date: 2014-03-31 05:07:18


There is really only one reason why you wouldn't refuse to pay your taxes.  If you don't you will go to jail.  This has always been the threat of the IRS and the primary reason why people pay their taxes.
Though bitcoin mixing services can offer you a mechanism to hide your bitcoin earnings any interaction that you have with an exchange might be reported to the IRS.
@_date: 2014-04-03 08:20:11
Or if you are not rainman, you can always use Electrum.
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:57:58
Money is an interesting case because if you mess it up, people lose access to life essentials.  All over the world you hear story after story about hyper-inflation and collapse of currencies.  Not that bitcoin is inflationary, but most people don't see or understand that.  The see it as an upstart with no history of success.  So they don't want to take a risk on it and be wrong.
Far more people have a vested interest in dollars than they did in physical mail.  If you are worth $1 million dollars, and someone tells you that the future is bitcoin.  The conclusion that you might draw, is that if this magic internet money takes off my $1 million dollars will be worthless and I will again be poor.  True, the more adventurous and non risk-adverse people will just buy into bitcoin.  But people over the age of 50 are not likely to, largely because they are the ones with the most dollars and therefore the most to lose.
In addition the government, and as a result every government employee and welfare recipient, can only continue to function if it has a monopoly over the money supply.  If bitcoin were to take over, they wouldn't be able to print money, and the true costs of their activities would have to be visible through taxation.  This problem will hit the United States in particular.  Where the average tax payer is already on the hook for 1.1 million dollars (  So anyone that is dependent on the government for a paycheck has immediate incentive to resist bitcoin.
I look at bitcoin as something that isn't at all "good for everyone."  There are a whole hell of a lot of people who will lose out big time if bitcoin takes over.  They just happen to be the people who deserve to lose out.
Bitcoin holders will absolutely be willing to pay for services that are useful, fire departments, Sean's outpost, etc.  But no bitcoiner is going to want to pay bureaucrats to sit around all day.  Nor will they be willing to pay for camouflaged men to gallivant around the world killing brown people.
@_date: 2014-03-30 15:36:37
Be extremely careful with brain wallets.  They are prone to getting hacked, largely because humans are terrible sources of randomness.  If you choose a phrase from your favorite TV show (ex. "Two by two, hands of blue").  Someone else is likely to have already chosen that phrase, or someone is just waiting for a deposit on those addressed so that they can run off with them.
Your best bet for memory wallets are the deterministic wallets like Electrum.  They will generate a phrase of randomly chosen words that represent the seed of your wallets.  This way, there is no chance that someone has the same " brain wallet phrase" as you.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:41:25
It's also worth mentioning that a considerable number of bitcoin accounts have been lost, so while the total number of bitcoins will be just under 21 million, significantly less than that will be in circulation.
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:35:02
If it's anything like what happened in April,  there will be a correction.  However the correction will be above the pre-bubble value.   In April the value went from the ~$30 range peeked at 260 then fell to ~100.
My guess,  and this is nothing but a guess is that there will be a peek,  then the value will collapse,  but to a value substantially higher than the pre-bubble 150ish.
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:16:16
coinbase.com couldn't be simpler.   You link it to a bank account and then you can just tell it "I want to buy X bitcoins, " and your done.   The coins will show up in your coin base account after a few days, then you can send them wherever.   The disadvantage is that you can only buy 10 bitcoins per day.   So your looking at 10 days after validation of your bank account. 
Coinbase is really easy, but in your case it could be a little slow. 
EDIT: I was not specific enough about coinbase's limits on buying bitcoins, checkout my response to workahaulic's first post for full details on coinbase's limit policies.
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:59:02
To clarify workahaulic's point.  Coinbase has three limit levels.
    Level     |  Daily Buy Limit     |  Daily Sell Limit     |
    -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    0              0  BTC                   0 BTC
    1              10 BTC                  50 BTC
    2              50 BTC                  50 BTC
Level 1 requires you to have a verified email, phone number and bank account.
Level 2 requires you to have to have completed at least one purchase, then wait 30 days.  Additionally it requires you to verify your identity (not exactly in keeping with the bitcoin ethos).
Instant purchases require you to verify a credit card, and are limited to 10 BTC / week.  Also, this can only be done if your account is already level 2.  At the time I'm writing this, it also requires a Visa.  Mastercard, Discover, Amex and others are not supported.
Note:  coinbase has recently changed there policies several times.  So this post was accurate on October 19, 2013.  It might not be in the future.
@_date: 2013-08-04 15:45:21
It's worth pointing out that the Internet is not the only possible transaction method for bitcoins.   
Assuming that 20 years is enough time for devices like this to be maturely developed. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 14:37:16
If you use the Electrum wallet,  you only have to remember a seed phrase of 12 words.   Because that phrase is the seed for generating new addresses Electrum can always restore all of your addresses.   Other clients like QT, would require you to create a new backup with each new address.   This was a huge selling point for Electrum in my opinion.   