@_author: andrew137
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:36:03
I'm not comparing Bitcoin to Apple I'm comparing consumer behaviour.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:19:39
Yes, but nobody of note who is a significant player in global financial systems. A lot of these countries are poor with a relatively high rate of crime and inadequate government agencies to police it efficiently.
@_date: 2018-01-21 13:53:29
Couldn't they just implement segwit/batching and then continue to charge their customers the same fees for BTC transactions which hurts bitcoin and also makes them way more money?
Or if they want to keep the mempool clogged, they could do it to the point where fees and TX times are still relatively high that it hurts BTC but low enough that they can still charge a premium and profit.
Just doesn't make sense that they would completely hinder their business (and lose money) just to make BTC fail and make money. Seems more like incompetence.
@_date: 2018-01-04 05:44:01
This kind of ignores why gold and silver and other precious metals become a store of value. It's because they actually do have a very high practical value that is purely independent from the current strength of the economy (unlike modern currencies like USD). All throughout human history, gold has been a symbol of wealth and high status - Egyptian Kings were buried with gold. At the end of the day, gold is physically malleable, looks nice and is relatively scarce. If everyone in the world became completely broke tomorrow and no one could buy your gold you would still have a gold bar that you could turn into a nice necklace or ring or whatever, which would make people perceive you as relatively wealthy. If no one wanted to buy your bitcoin tomorrow - you'd be left with nothing. That's the fundamental difference that people fail to consider when comparing the two.
Bitcoin is still a store of value, but it's a different kind. It's completely useless in terms of a complete economic collapse, but much better than gold in terms of hedging against corruption, manipulation and increasing government/corporate power, since it is not a physical asset that can be seized and can be anonymously transacted. Gold has never been and never will be any of those things.
That's why gold and bitcoin are two completely different investments.
@_date: 2018-01-04 10:01:04
Yes but the point is it's entirely based on human nature and not on economic stability 
@_date: 2018-01-11 11:49:33
No country will straight out ban Bitcoin or crypto trade. It is now too big that it would immediately destroy shit loads of wealth that people have accumulated legitimately. The fact that it is used for illegitimate purposes doesn't make it something that needs to be banned, fiat currencies are used for crime all the time - increased regulation is a positive thing in the long term.
@_date: 2018-01-11 12:59:50
Having an illegal asset worth $1mil doesn't make you wealthy. You can't buy a house with it, you can't invest it anywhere, every time you spend it you risk being caught and losing it. In addition to that, there are companies in these countries that are invested in crypto in some way, whether that be mining, or employing people to investigate/implement new technology etc. Making it illegal stops all that investment which creates wealth.
The value of Bitcoin is a lot less it transacting with it puts you at risk of criminal charges.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:16:07
It's a lot easier for a developer to change some code than it is to change the behaviour of millions of people.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:07:09
Well that's to be expected, like with anything new. But that's not the responsibility of the consumer, it's up to the developers to continue fine tuning while it slowly grows and once it's a polished product uptake will improve
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:24:37
It won't happen. Why would an everyday guy who owns 1 bitcoin in a bitcoin core wallet want to learn about a lightning wallet, or set up a lightning node, or figure out and move his funds, when he can just leave it as is? For cheap fees and fast transactions? At that point it's more simple to just sell bitcoin and buy another coin.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:11:59
We had a decent recovery. I think people now are nervous about the fee/transaction speed with Bitcoin and the news about Microsoft today reversed the recovery. Bitcoin has grown astronomically in the last few months, I think it's gonna take some time to consolidate while the fee/transaction situation sorts itself out.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:21:26
Ok and what are you gonna tell the IRS when $20k cash mysteriously appears in your account?
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:14:35
Tough luck or shitty design? The reason companies like Apple got so huge is because they create products that make the customer experience so seamless. Bitcoin will never be an everyday currency if every day users without much tech knowledge have to do things like merge their client
@_date: 2018-01-14 23:46:21
"Haha i'm wrong and I have nothing to say so let me bring up one of BTC's flaws instead LOL"
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:09:32
When I want to make a transaction - I open my wallet, I click send and type in an address. That is the consumer experience and it is a good one. When it now costs me a lot in fees and I have to wait ages to see the number of transactions increase, my consumer experience suffers. If I then have to make changes to my wallet which are more complicated than clicking update and waiting for it to download and install - my consumer experience goes from very simple, to somewhat inconvenient. My required knowledge of bitcoin required goes from almost nothing to somewhat computer literate.
If you want bitcoin to be for the tech people of world, that's not a problem - but don't expect it to be the largest currency when other currencies are catering for the masses.
How can you seriously argue that a seamless operation of bitcoin is not important?
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:15:32
There is $680billion invested in Crypto right now and 0.3% of Japan's GDP is related to crypto for example.
@_date: 2017-12-29 10:52:50
When you say "trustless", I assume you mean trust isn't required because it's fool-proof? If so, what are the features of LN that make it so?
@_date: 2017-12-29 10:51:25
So where do the off-chain transcation records sit? Just anywhere? Maybe that's not really important.
Also slightly unrelated, but would increasing block size to 8mb actually achieve anything? By comparison, if Bcash became the new main coin, would their 8mb blocks not eventually clog up anyway and be left with the same problems that Bitcoin has now? If so, is 8mb really that big? I'm assuming it could handle 8x the transactions but that doesn't seem enough in terms of a viable scaling method.
@_date: 2017-12-13 05:16:35
Which is kind of why this guy is asking or evidence/examples of the point in question.
@_date: 2017-12-05 02:57:32
The federal reserve (and most central banks) dictate the supply of money in an economy. Basically they can take money out (sell bonds) or put money in (buy their own bonds back). At a really high  level, that's how they influence interest rates as a proxy for stimulating/slowing economic growth. 
There is no real evidence that suggest that this is otherwise how it operates. Most people buy into the "corrupt big guy" argument because economic growth benefits corporations (it also benefits consumers, employees, home owners, small business etc). So generally, interest rates will move in the direction that big corporations require - but there's no evidence to suggest that there is causation rather than correlation.
In addition to that, most people in high positions in central banks have relationships with the higher ups at corporate banks/other major organisations (the rich mingle with the rich, or setting themselves up for a job later on) - which is indeed some what suspicious, but there is no evidence that this has flowed through into influencing actual monetary policy.
@_date: 2017-12-13 10:08:25
Generally when a stock/currency clears a major resistance level it's because there is an even bigger "wall" of buyers, after all the bigger wall wins. If there as even bigger wall of buyers the price will likely shoot up until sellers are encouraged to come back.
@_date: 2018-05-03 02:51:54
The funny part is they had the audacity to cancel their sponsorship of Steve Smith because they "didn't want to be associated with that behaviour". Fucking embarrassing.
@_date: 2014-11-23 14:04:13
Centralised can actually be a huge advantage for currency. The whole point of currency being centralised is to eliminate market failures and ensure that you can build a stable economy. Bitcoin nor any other decentralised currency will ever become the main currency of a successful economy.
The advantages however lie in other transactions. As much as  people don't want to think it, illegal uses are the prime scenario where bitcoin is the most sensible currency to use. The next closest example would be international money transfers in my opinion, but even then, there is still some way to go before it is viable to get cash to bitcoin to cash very easily all over the world.
@_date: 2014-11-24 03:45:49


That;s when the flip side comes in. My point is supply is not controlled. In the short run, supply greatly outweighs demand. Eventually, as you mention, supply is limited and for some time we are at a point of equilibrium where everything is going well. Then supply is continuously restricted and we have deflation. 
I suppose in summary, as the population grows, economies grow, the supply of money must in turn grow. The most efficient (taking ethics into consideration) way to deal with it is using a controlled market system with government intervention, as this is the only way you can have a 'pure' economic model which takes into account social consequences. Once you take out government intervention, it becomes economic survival of the fittest. 


It's not just perceived stability. It is genuine stability. Economics is a very very prone to the old snowball effect. You mention governments propping up structural deficiencies and not allowing the market to restructure to a more efficient point. Greater failures may be more common, but they are a result of ineffective policy and in the case of the GFC, too much deregulation of financial markets (notice something here?)
Don't get me wrong. I own bitcoin and I believe in bitcoin. This thing will change the world. But the benefit in my opinion is the virtual currency part, not the decentralised currency part. At the end of the day, I would bet a lot of bitcoin that we will never see a successful economy built on the back of a decentralised currency in our life times.
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:09:22
I have an economics major, thanks for the comment though.
You are missing the point completely. If you keep adding money to the economy, inflation becomes extreme. Who is going to regulate the supply of bitcoin? This is a pretty simple concept that you clearly don't understand. Added to the other scenarios of market failure.
While it's a self managing system it is basic economic theory that the cycles are far more dramatic and hence less conducive to stable growth when there is no government intervention. It seems you're just upset at the way things are for whatever reason and you don't like someone telling you that the economy and centralised agencies exist the way they do for a reason.
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:42:16
That's complete crap. Time may not have a tangible cost in this scenario, but you're absolutely kidding yourself if you think people don't enjoy the convenience of being able to have someone on the other side of the world receive cash in hand in less than 2 minutes. That's not possible with bitcoin yet and until it is, WU is the better option for many people.
I often send money to Pakistan using WU and the fees are excessive. But despite the fact that I already own bitcoin, its not simple enough for the receiving party to turn it into cash to make it a viable option.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:32:40
We've always had the ability to print unlimited amounts of currencies. That's one of the biggest problems of having it decentralised. Someone needs to control the supply and if no one is controlling it, you can't have a stable economy with such high inflation.
Ills of society and market failure are completely different concepts. Like I said, bitcoin has specific uses where it is fair more advantageous to use than any other fiat currency. These are 'social ills'. Market failure relates to fundamental issues within an economy that require third party intervention (i.e. a government or other form of centralised agency)
@_date: 2017-11-22 01:00:37
You could also say "I don't see how a decentralised currency is going to facilitate monetary policy, or otherwise maintain stable inflation and growth as a main currency". 
You probably couldn't see how tech companies would turn hand written letters into electronic signals that appear on your device instantenously. No one could. 
Most innovation "can't be seen" to start with. By definition, for something to be innovative, it has to be completely new.
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:40:33
I completely agree that this is all big money moving and manipulating. And I don't think it's a coincidence. But I think most people are unsure about which coin will be the last man standing and at this point the only people that really know are hedge fund managers etc. 
Thank you for well reasoned analysis. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 02:10:47
Yes I agree, but neither does our ability to foresee a solution.
@_date: 2019-04-23 05:24:39
TA is based on the belief that given the same set of circumstances and information, humans/traders will repeat the same decisions over and over and this has also perpetuated self fulfilling prophecy. Whether that is true or not is not a subject I know enough about to argue, but it definitely applies equally to stocks and crypto.
@_date: 2017-11-12 05:19:24
Can you please provide evidence that this is a pump and dump and not a readjustment of investment to a more valuable coin? I have 0.89 bitcoin bought in 2014. I now have 0.89 bitcoin cash, which i was given and continue to hold as a hedge. I don't care for "to the moon" posts, I don't care for baseless claims that it's FUD, pump &amp; dump, "the flipening". What I'm sick of is people, both on here and on using technical term to explain things without any reference to the underlying features of the analysis. 
So to start, how can you say this is in fact a pump and dump? And if you can, how can you say that BCC is being pumped and dumped and not BTC when it was "pumped" to $7500 and now being dumped?
Sorry if I sound like an asshole, I don't mean to attack you because it's not your fault, but I genuinely want to hear real facts, rather than echo chamber catch phrases.
@_date: 2017-07-03 06:57:45
You're right, but not 100% right. Markets don't know the full extent of what a fork would mean - value wise. A lot of people are on the other side of the fence and are holding anticipating no fork/drop in value. So the price is probably sitting somewhere in the middle right now.
@_date: 2017-06-27 14:59:26
Definitely down. Bitcoin is a lot of things, but it is aboslutely not a safe haven. Gold retains it's value because it is a physical good which is limited in supply and will always be desirable. Bitcoin is purely speculative at this stage. High risk investments are the hardest hit in times of uncertainty.
@_date: 2017-06-20 07:58:48
He could've replaced that bit of paper at the time for 70 cents. The cat ate a 70 cent piece of paper.
@_date: 2017-06-28 04:11:18
Perhaps sometime in the future, if the value of Bitcoin became secure, but right now, no way. It is important to understand how the value is derived.
Gold is a safe haven because its value derived by it's physical quality. All throughout history, humans have been attracted to gold - it has physical value which drives it's monetary value. 
Currency is a bit of paper or scrap metal with very very little physical value. It's monetary value is derived from a promise by the Government/Central Bank to honour the value of the money they issue. Money/Currency is essentially a contract. Once the Government/Central Bank goes bust, the contract becomes void and currency is essentially worthless. 
Bitcoin's value, right now, is purely speculative. It is an investment vehicle, with very little tangible value. It's value lies in the potential benefits that could arise if it becomes a mainstream mechanism to transfer money. What do you mean it can't be seized? Are you talking about being stolen? In which case bitcoin can be hacked as has been the case. Your hard drive could also fail etc. It's just about the level of security you implement - same as gold just different methods. 
Or are you talking about seized if you declared bankruptcy? As long as bitcoin remains "unseizable", it will not be recognised as a mainstream asset and therefore it's value will never be legitimised beyond speculation.
But down to my point, the issue during a large scale disaster is not "how do I keep my possessions" as much as it is "how do I retain the value of my possessions". Gold is valuable because it will retain its value, not because it is easy to hide/move around etc. Bitcoin will not retain it's value because it suffers from fluctuations in price due to supply and demand moreso than any of these investments. 