@_author: androng
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:27:07
Bitcoins are created in a random Poisson process. The total number of coins in existence is a smooth curve if you zoom out, but if you zoom in, you'll notice that miners sometimes get lucky and mine coins faster than 25 coins/10 minutes and sometimes much slower. When they mine coins faster, the inflation rate is higher. When they mine slower, the inflation rate is lower. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:36:51
Running a "full node" means downloading and hosting the entire blockchain that records the balances of bitcoin belonging to each address. 
This blockchain is verified by your own computer to make sure all the transactions are "valid" and that all the transactions hash to the correct block headers. This process is called "synchronization" and completely eliminates trust. This is the core innovation of bitcoin.
When your computer is finished synchronizing, your computer is now a full node and accepts and relays valid transactions across the network to other full nodes. You also get the benefit of privacy; you don't have to ask any other full nodes for your address balances to know how many coins you have. You can just look at your copy. Contrast this with an "SPV" wallet where you must always ask a full node what your balances are. 
The operator does not get compensated. You can however associate an address with your full node and join the [very small] incentive program on  
In Proof of Stake coins, you do get compensated for running a full node; proportional to your stake. In Dash you also get compensated if you run a Master node.
@_date: 2015-05-10 16:39:04
Did you know that Ethereum uses 12-second block times? I heard it from Vitalik Buterin in person. 
I am actually wondering why short block times are not already a reality myself. Perhaps Satoshi thought it would take a lot longer to broadcast newly mined blocks globally. Gavin Andressen himself said in this video that if he could, he would ask Satoshi "why 10 minutes"? Was it arbitrary?
Yes there are more orphaned blocks, but did you know that the "security" of a blockchain of length N is a function of BOTH the attacher hashpower H AND N? In other words, more blocks with the same amount of time means more security! (past a certain number of blocks--the threshold N depends on H) 
This is only a theory, but maybe in the future, bitcoin will work like the banking system in the United States. Member banks will confirm small transactions instantly for consumers between blocks, and the main blockchain will be like Fedwire--only moving large amounts of money between large banks with deferred net settlement every ten or twenty minutes. 
Or maybe Satoshi was predicting a future in which bitcoin is used at an interplanetary scale and chose 10 minutes because it takes around that time for light to reach Mars. We'll never know. 
@_date: 2015-05-09 07:37:45
I am surprised that there is so much excitement over this. I thought bitcoin users were all about decentralization and trustlessness. This is definitely a step above BitPay in that Mycelium never actually holds the money, but Mycelium can still change the invoice address to one where they control the private key. If you REALLY care about decentralization and trustlessness then you would use a Wordpress plugin and generate the addresses yourself--not relying on any third party. 
@_date: 2015-05-18 21:32:28
Wait guys! Bitpay already had this idea and is releasing next month! 
@_date: 2017-06-23 16:55:00
In IRS notice 2014-21, they state that mining profit is taxable income. The bitcoins you receive have a cost basis/purchase price of the fair market value upon time of mining. 
@_date: 2017-06-23 12:29:21
This is what I plan to do. I also trade between different crypto and have several trades. It may or may not be correct. 
There are three kinds of trades: 
1. Buying crypto with fiat
2. Selling crypto for fiat 
3. Selling crypto for other crypto. 
For fiat&gt;crypto, there is no tax. 
For crypto&gt;fiat, this is taxable. You must choose either LIFO or FIFO and match every crypto&gt;fiat transaction with a fiat&gt;crypto transaction to calculate the gain/loss. The sum of all gains/losses is the capital gains. 
For crypto&gt;crypto, this is considered a "like-kind" exchange. You still have to report this on IRS form 8824, but you don't have to pay short-term capital gains taxes yet. This is a tax-deferred transaction. For each Shapeshift exchange you did, match it to a fiat&gt;crypto and calculate the new cost basis for your altcoin. If you exchanged all your bitcoin for an altcoin, the cost basis in dollars is the same as when you bought the bitcoin with fiat. I plan to sum up all the times I swap in one direction (eg BTC&gt;ETH) and submit one form 8824 with an average cost basis for each pair and each direction. 
@_date: 2017-06-23 12:37:22
this article is way too light on details to be meaningful. All of China's currency is already digital in the form of WeChat and Alipay databases. What makes this "digital currency" different if they don't use a blockchain? 