@_author: andreas_huber69
@_date: 2016-03-27 13:04:44


No, they don't. They simply declare the full cost of a trezor device as a split between:
* the cost to produce the actual hardware
* the cost to develop the software running on the device
AFAICT, this is perfectly legal.
@_date: 2016-03-27 13:34:11


I don't doubt for a second that the units **were** sent out (I have received mine 8 days after they announced shipment). And no, they don't owe anyone an apology for the tyranny of the customs departments in other countries. Why don't you file an inquiry into what happened to your unit?
Finally, I don't think it is reasonable to expect that any customs department in the so-called free world would even consider stopping a parcel that contains a device that obviously has no other uses than recording information.
@_date: 2016-01-05 22:08:58
You might want to consider to diversify into *physical* precious metals soon.
Sure, the prices are currently suppressed through paper markets like COMEX, but it doesn't seem likely that the sellers of physical will accept these prices much longer.
@_date: 2016-01-08 21:09:35


Unless they resort to outright ban the possession of PMs, they will lose control eventually. All it takes is more people waking up to the fact that paper can be printed ad infinitum but physical PMs cannot. COMEX currently still works because only very few of the users stand for physical delivery, most are happy do have USD credited to their bank account. There are persistent rumors that even those who do stand for delivery of physical are often convinced to take cash with hefty premiums attached.


The government backing COMEX doesn't mean much once people realize that paper gold has only a very lose connection to physical. It works for now because general price inflation is either nonexistent or low (depending on what you buy). Once inflation picks up, the spread between paper and physical will widen and people will abandon COMEX.


I agree, which is why I would advise anyone not to put all eggs in the same basket. I'm currently in Bitcoin, gold and silver. If I had more money, I would also diversify by buying a house with farmable land.
@_date: 2016-03-24 19:47:40


Not at all, customs around the world become more paranoid/tyrannical by the day. I for one wouldn't be surprised if the word "crypto" has triggered a major FBI probe into what these things are.


Being sold does not mean that those buyers will receive their unit before you will.
FWIW, mine was No. 126 of the total crowdfunded 500 and I've received it a week ago, roughly 8 days after being announced by email (I live in Switzerland). On their website they say new orders will be delivered in May. This might give you a clue how far they are with delivery.
In my experience they are very responsive to inquiries, so why not ask them directly?
@_date: 2017-01-07 14:59:02
It depends on how long you plan to buy and how rational you are (see below). If you plan to buy longer term (several years), price-wise it's probably not going to matter whether you buy daily, weekly or even monthly.
If you plan to stop in the near future (e.g. a few weeks from now), more frequent buying (e.g. daily) is probably a good idea to reduce the probability of bad luck (i.e. buying at a bad time much more often than at a good time).
Personally, I've automated it so that I always buy the smallest sensible USD amount (*) and adjust the time between buys such that I reach my monthly goals. As a long term buyer I could just as easily buy every week or even month but I've learned that I'm unable to stomach several weeks or even months of bad luck.
(*) The smallest amount that's larger than the minimal trade value of the exchange where the percentage fees are the same as if buying once a month.
@_date: 2016-12-11 20:59:33
How about a safety deposit box, preferably in a vault not owned by a bank? Put your seed words in there, e.g. recorded on a Cryptosteel plate. Depending on your jurisdiction, inheritance laws around safety deposit boxes are very strict, i.e. all inheritors must be present when it is opened after your death.
@_date: 2016-11-03 09:18:53
Pure propaganda
@_date: 2016-11-25 22:04:21
How does it compare to ShakePay &lt;
@_date: 2016-02-02 21:39:45
I would recommend at least 2 safety deposit boxes in different vaults, preferably non-bank ones. One holds your paper wallet, the other holds the password. Both boxes should not be anonymous, i.e. you need to appear in person and provide identification before you can access your boxes. Let your closest family members and friends know about the vault locations (but not the actual box numbers).
This setup not only makes it close to impossible for anyone to steal your coins (including vault personnel) but also provides for a very clear process in the case of your death (e.g. in many jurisdictions law mandates that all inheritors must be present when a lockbox is opened).
When your coins appreciate in value considerably, you might want to rent additional safety deposit boxes, such that the destruction of a single box (think 9/11, fire in the vault, etc.) does not result in a loss.
@_date: 2016-05-28 08:08:00


Maybe heed some advice others were giving (like e.g. using a hardware wallet), so you don't need to freak out next time something like this happens? And no, transferring to Coinbase is not a good solution. Coinbase is subject to KYC laws and can be hacked.