@_author: andrea845
@_date: 2015-01-20 21:49:44


Fuck you and the high horse you rode in on, mind your own fucking business and shut the fuck up.  Working around meddlesome pricks like you is exactly what Bitcoin was invented for -- politely said, financial freedom -- and I am glad you get sand in your vagina when you see others attaining it.  Fuck you.
@_date: 2015-01-25 00:27:14
@_date: 2015-01-26 13:37:03
Probably.  Or we can wait until the first arrest.
@_date: 2015-01-26 01:36:09
Librepensadorec is wrong because the law prohibits currency issuance as a category.  Yes, everything that is not prohibited is permitted, but the text of the law is very clear that issuing, trading and oppressing currencies not issued by governments is a crime, so the principle does not make legal what has been made illegal.
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:13:31


Hahaha.  You're a moron talking about shit you don't know even one bit.


Literally three hundred years ago, this *most stupid* thing you just said was proven to be entirely false by David Hume.
I bet you don't know who he is.
I will educate you as to what he said, from a writeup by Michael Huemer:






Please do yourself a favor and shut the fuck up.  OK?
@_date: 2015-01-21 14:27:51
I foresee this turning into the CONMEX fiasco.
@_date: 2015-01-24 11:36:10
@_date: 2015-01-24 11:39:26
FYI: RoboCop was a movie.  Lay off the sauce.
@_date: 2015-01-24 11:48:56
They don't accept Doge?
@_date: 2015-01-24 11:45:06
Ten times as much.
Of course, the guys who own the actual metal are all stupidly rich.  IOUs are for the plebs.
@_date: 2015-02-10 10:00:22
A client that fetches data from the network, and also serves data to other clients.  In p2p terminology it is technically a servent, but mostly acts as a client from a conceptual standpoint because it downloads data, and also because transactions are requests posted to other servents (who act in the role of servers for that transaction).
@_date: 2015-02-10 17:51:30


Not in all p2p architectures.  Clearly in the case of the Bitcoin network that is not the case -- only a minority perform the server duty of packaging transactions in blocks.


Your point is not valid, because what you reject is in reality exactly how the Bitcoin network *is*.  There is a minority of producers -- they produce security and transaction ability -- and a majority of consumers of those products, who already pay a fee for those products.  In fact, the early code to do direct p2p sends of money to an IP address -- the only thing that would help your point have any truth to it -- was removed in Bitcoin 0.3.
What you say "makes little sense" is actually how things *are*, not just a "model". If you are a right-thinking person, then you do not get a choice of thinking about a fact as if the fact was a fantasy -- you are obligated to describe reality as it is, if you want to achieve a correct conclusion. The only way to describe the Bitcoin network *truthfully* is as a network of very different (in code and in duties) clients and servers -- pretending that it is a network of servents, all performing the same roles, is deceitful and false.  
@_date: 2015-02-11 02:58:18
Let me see if I understand.  You want a link to a Web app distributed as a torrent?
I want you to sit on that question for a little while before answering.
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:44:28


Without disputing this generalism, having read Justus' post, it's clear that his solution is the right solution for *this* problem of pricing transactions (duh, that's what markets do, compute prices).
 And you know what's best about the solution?  You do not get a say whether it gets implemented or not -- it is a software solution *entirely parallel* (and out of *your* control) to the problem of pricing transactions.
I look forward to the implementation of the micro payments channel solution, where a new decentralized market will form, whether you like it or not :-)
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:51:10


Protip: if you want me to consider what you have to say, it's best not to put words in my mouth.


Which proves nothing about your beliefs -- there are plenty non-P2P servers and clients who do this exact same upload-download thing and, surprise, they are not P2P. 






That's merely a bunch of revisionist Marxist bollocks attempting to appropriate the positive aspects of certain types of networking to associate them with Marxism.  "See?  This cool technology is like Marxism, therefore Marxism is cool".
Bring me facts, not "social sciences" allegations.  Meanwhile, I will continue to believe that gifts are market transactions.


There is no difference.  (Peaceful) market exchanges are peer to peer.  You are trying to make up a difference where there is none.  Ideological bullshit has no place in a discussion about zeros and ones.  Take it to the back and shoot it in the neck.






So, Marxist blather that has exactly zero validity as a theory.


Here is where you play the "well, it's either this or that" false dichotomy card.  Of course, your theory has zero explanatory power.  It explains nothing.  All it does, is make a magical exception so that you can continue clinging to the tits of your dogma.


Wrong girl, honey.  Ask an Austrian.  


You already cornered yourself into admitting that Bitcoin in reality is not a P2P network, or that your definitions of P2P are wrong.  So you don't get to continue talking about P2P as if nothing had happened.


The hell you aren't.  You are very much arguing with me.  Complete with assuming that I am an Austrian and trying to debunk shit I haven't said.
The central point of the difference of opinions here is quite simple:
1. The way you think Bitcoin works, *is not the way it actually works in reality*.
2. Despite having been informed of the facts, you resist accepting them.
3. In other words, you are by definition hostile to reality.
4. It serves no good to discuss anything about this topic with you, nor does whatever you write matter, because the markets you detest *will happen*, and I know this because:
* there's already a software design (posted by my friend Justus),
* this design requires zero changes to the Bitcoin protocol, so there are no barriers to getting the software written,
* there is a profit motive (incentive) that is waiting to be served,
* you are 100% powerless to stop this from happening, as no words you utter and no tantrums you throw will stop the software from being written and distributed.
In other words, you feel free to exhaust yourself by whining all you want, I think I will continue contributing the necessary software to make exactly what you hate happen in reality.  It's just a matter of time, lots of unit tests, and posting it on Github.  Here is your takeaway: **Markets happen, one way or another.  You cannot stop them, not by calling it names, not by resisting them, not by pretending that markets are non-markets.**
Anyway, your ideological nonsense is boring, I'm bored, I'll go do laundry instead.
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:39:40


No one is proposing a hierarchy.  Bitcoin already has clients and servers.  In one sentence you managed to discredit your point by making two false statements.
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:49:32


This is not "centralization".  It's simply specialization / division of labor.  The reason they mine while you and I don't, is because the people who do this know how do to it better, and cheaper, and faster than us.


Of course you do.  It's your ISP bill.


Gifts -- what you are talking about -- are *just as much market exchanges* as trades are.  They are just a special case of a trade -- one where the price is zero.
I do not know why you seek to make a magical exception for / give special treatment to certain trades, but given what you've said so far, I have started to suspect it's for ideological reasons -- seems to me that you don't want to abandon your beliefs, therefore you must play these word games where you misrepresent and special-plead just enough to keep your beliefs unquestioned.  If that is what you are doing, then you should know right off the bat that you are not going to persuade me, because I do not appreciate when people try to deceive me.


That's probably because you are ignorant.  Let me cure that problem for you:
In the old code, when you sent money directly to an IP address, you did not have to pay any transaction fee to have the recipient speedily incorporate the transaction into the blockchain.  *That was the true P2P mode* of Bitcoin, similar to how Gnutella worked, no longer in the codebase.
Paying to a public key, however, has a set price (which you can ignore at your own peril), and is processed through an entirely different mechanism, where miners -- a group of people who run **different** code from everybody else -- specialize in incorporating that transaction of yours into the blockchain, and charge you a fee for it.


That is not at all the case for Bitcoin -- nodes do not run code that is symmetric to other nodes.  There's specialized mining nodes, there's bitcoin-core nodes, there's SPV wallets, there's the Conformal implementation and nodes based on that, there's a JavaScript implementation as well.  Only very little of the code behaves the same across implementations (that would be the transaction validation code).
Do you know what this simple fact means for your ideology?  It means one of two things:
1. You must abandon your belief that Bitcoin is a P2P network.
2. You must abandon your dogmatism about what is and what isn't a P2P network.
So, either way, you're wrong.  Stop arguing with me and start changing your beliefs.
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:45:12
It is.  Stingray devices aren't just limited to passively listening while pretending to be someone else -- they can also exploit and inject software on people's phones.  Look at the last three years' worth of Defcon, CCC and HOPE talks to find out how easy it really is to do that.