@_author: andrewla
@_date: 2014-09-29 15:46:42
Been getting timeouts, and they just posted a message saying








@_date: 2014-01-08 19:52:13
I think you (and the author) are interpreting "... actually to rely on bitcoin ..." to mean "accepts bitcoins as payment for products/services denominated in bitcoin".  Although that is rare, companies that rely on bitcoin are a dime a dozen; for example, Bitpay and other payment companies (coinkite, softtouch) that represent the "third parties" that you refer to, or companies like coinbase that act like currency exchanges, or the actual bitcoin exchanges out there.  Add to that companies making ASIC's or running mining pools.
You can certainly argue that these are all meaningless in the long term without companies pricing their products/services in bitcoins, and I think it's a valid point, but the claimed "fact" is clearly not a fact without additional clarification.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:05:12
Historically, many Ponzi schemes (including the scheme used by Ponzi himself) were created in good faith, but when they found out they were insolvent, they continued operating, relying on new money injections to trick investors into thinking that the fund was solvent, in the hope that they would make enough money through legitimate operations to cover up the fact that they were ever insolvent.
This sounds like the behavior of MtGox in recent times; I think the characterization of MtGox as a Ponzi scheme (at the end) is fair.
@_date: 2014-03-11 20:54:51
Full text if the actual document from the New York Department of Financial Services:






















































@_date: 2015-08-04 18:12:08
The Winkdex app has a price widget; also the BitStore wallet has a widget with the price (and a little spark chart).
@_date: 2015-07-16 14:08:29
I think most likely reason is that in order for you (the donator) to claim a tax deduction, you (may) need a receipt, and so they offer a mechanism of identifying who made the donation.
If you put in fake information, you are not defrauding anyone or violating any laws; you are merely limiting your ability to claim the donation as a deduction.  You can still claim it, but if the IRS demands proof then you've made that more difficult.
@_date: 2012-02-17 16:05:51
Maybe in some sense "eventually" they would cease functioning, but I have paper bills in my pocket that I have had accepted at place since before the internet existed.  Frankly, even credit cards can work without the internet; merchants can break out the old imprinting machines.
@_date: 2012-10-26 19:26:30
That number can increase.  But regardless of how many audits there are, the risk remains, so every business must prepare for an audit.
Or, the IRS might collapse under the cost of doing this many audits, and we could switch to a sales-tax funded government, which has many similar challenges in enforcement.
Or, maybe, government in its current state will not be able to remain funded, and will fade into the background.  I think the grave is far from dug, though.
@_date: 2012-12-12 14:57:20
Giving Rotsor the benefit of the doubt, I think he means using a non-public salt to prefix your password, rather than literally using the string "password" after your email address.  Even things like birthday, anniversary, name of daughter, etc., work in this regard because they prevent a rainbow attack; the attack would have to be aimed specifically at your password to be successful.
@_date: 2012-03-08 20:27:26
Of course this is possible.  A depositor gives some BTC to a bank, in exchange for a "balance" at that bank.  The bank loans the actual BTC to a third party with the expectation that they will be paid back.
In the normal (non-pathological) case, the depositor will never ask for more than the bank has on hand.  As depositors withdraw money, the bank will bolster its reserves (by not re-loaning paid back money).
To encourage deposits, banks will credit interest to the balance of depositor's accounts, which it will fund by collecting interest on the loans that it makes.
Bank failures will be a possibility, because no amount of insurance can be guaranteed to protect a bank, because the amount of currency in circulation is limited.  But banks existed for hundreds of years with imperfect guarantees.  Government-fiat-currency-backed deposit insurance is a relatively recent development.
@_date: 2012-10-05 21:02:54
Yes, there is a right answer.  Simple as that.
Most of the responses here relate to intrinsic value; that is, the one dollar bill as piece of paper has a value.  The primary value of currency, though, is the exchange value, and only very rarely does the intrinsic value exceed that at scale -- when you're burning your Wiemar Republic notes for heat or using them for wallpaper, your currency is pretty much done for.  So yes, there are circumstances where the question would be answered in the other direction.
But let's be sensible here.  The claim that value is subjective is incorrect, or, at the very least, useless.  While there are subjective elements to value, we live in the real world.  The notion that value is subjective is a null response -- it is stating that you can make no effective predictions about behavior with regards to value.  All of us base decisions every day on the fact that we can make statements about value.
When someone gives you incorrect change at a restaurant, you don't quibble over the value of the change they gave you, you simply point out the mistake.
@_date: 2012-10-04 22:46:53
This is too much of an oversimplification.  The idea that value is subjective is a very weighty claim that can be disputed on simple logical grounds.  If you have a one dollar bill and a ten dollar bill, which has more value?  I would not accept any definition of "value" that does not support the correct answer to this question.  I'll concede that value has a subjective component, but claiming that it is entirely subjective is not useful or accurate.
@_date: 2012-02-21 21:54:12
Yes, this is true, but it is still the only pool (to my knowledge) that does not require registration to mine.  To me, that feature is paramount (so long as the pool doesn't rip me off).
@_date: 2012-02-21 21:25:09
If you're just looking to try it out, I would recommend eligius (a mining pool).  eligius.st has instructions; specifically   Eligius in particular requires no registration, so all you have to do is install a miner (GUIMiner,  if you want a GUI one) and point it at your bitcoin address.
Other mining pools have lower variance (because they're bigger), or differ in other ways, but being able to immediately start running is nice -- you can always switch pools later or set up individual mining if you like the variance.
Once you're running for a while (a couple of hours to a day or so) you can look at your progress using the tracking graphs (e.g.  and see what your expected payout is.
@_date: 2012-11-05 15:25:56
Fractional reserve banking in Bitcoin is not only possible, but a certainty if Bitcoin attains any prominence.
Fractional reserve banking is the second most basic form of assuring credit availability in an economy (the first most basic being fully collateralized lending, i.e. pawn shops).  People want to borrow money (in exchange for paying interest), and other people want to lend money (in exchange for receiving interest).  Lending money is risky because (among other things) you must assess the reliability of the counterparty and manage payments.  Borrowing money is hard because you must be able to find a group of counterparties whose lendable money is equal to the amount you want to borrow, and then make payments to all of them.
Traditional fractional reserve banks form the middlemen for these transactions; they assess the reliability of borrowers and consolidate lenders to get the required sums; in exchange they take a portion of the interest.  The banks maintain a reserve of money to satisfy short-term demands for liquidity, and they can grow the reserve by selling loans to other institutions, or shrink it by buying loans from other institutions or issuing new loans.
Because there is no "lender of last resort", people will get burned -- banks will go out of business because of runs, "wildcat" banks will spring up and disappear with the depositors cash, etc., and for the first time in a long time, people will have to carefully think about the implications of investing money in a bank.  This is a good thing; the main problem with banks as it stands now is the fact that all the money is insured leads consumers to the correct but unfortunate conclusion that they don't have to care what the bank does with their money.
@_date: 2012-12-12 16:36:35
Okay -- let me put this in a way that hopefully cannot be contested.  A password with an email address prefixed is more secure than the same password without the email address.  Fair?
What I'm arguing is that it is not just more secure, but is immensely more secure.  If an attacker builds up a giant database of potential passwords, then they will break many brainwallet passwords, belonging to many different people, and get lots of money.  The work required to do this for passwords salted in the manner described here is multiplied by the number of email addresses to check, and in the end, the _best possible case_ is that you will break into the very small number of accounts owned by each of the particular email addresses on the list.
I'll grant you that things like your birthday, anniversary, person names, etc., are less secure than email addresses, but then again, using those as salt was suggested by you, not the OP.
@_date: 2012-11-08 20:19:00
The accusation does have to be addressed in the article, just as it is addressed in the bitcoin wiki: 
I think you can make an argument about whether Bitcoin is a scam (I would argue no, it is not).  But whether it is a Ponzi scheme seems black and white to me -- a Ponzi scheme is a scam in which you use money invested later to pay off initial investors, giving the illusion that the investment is making money.
So who is paying off who here?  The idea would be that Satoshi is paying off early investors with profits gained by later investors?  What investments?  Paying them off with what?  If people think it's a scam, they should just call it a scam and say why they think that people are being mislead.
I might as well claim that Bitcoin is a ham sandwich -- it has all the properties of a ham sandwich, except for the bread and the ham.  
@_date: 2012-11-05 19:57:55
I actually don't even understand your objection.  Banks do not lend more than they have, banks lend less than they have.
Deposits in a bank are just marks in a ledger.  If I have $100 in cash; and I put $20 in the bank, then I'm holding $80 in notes, and $20 in demand deposits.  If I tell someone I have $100, I'm not lying; I'm just valuing the bank's obligation to pay me $20 at $20, which is fairly reasonable.
Similarly, an obligation to pay me BTC100 is worth ~BTC100, if I consider the risk of a bank failure to be small (which may or may not be valid).  The bitcoins that my bank lends to a borrower are valid bitcoins; the bitcoins that I hold with the bank are just a promise to pay me bitcoins on demand.  So there's no double-spend; just as with existing dollar-based banks there is no double-spend.
If that's what you mean by "trust-based notes", the idea that I value the bank's promise to pay me 100BTC, then yes, it requires trust-based notes.  This is why M0 and M1 are different numbers, even though private banks have no ability to print money.  So maybe I'm accidentally arguing a semantic point; but the fact remains that banks will exist -- people who don't have money now (but expect they will have more in the future) will want to borrow money, and they are willing to pay for that privilege, and people who have money will want to lend it to others and be paid for that investment.
@_date: 2012-06-28 13:18:57
Why don't you give links to the transactions on blockchain.info so that people can double-check your math.
@_date: 2012-12-06 16:18:38
Calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme is a tad melodramatic, but not for the reason you give.  It is as much a stretch to call Social Security a Ponzi scheme as to call it an insurance policy.
The reasons why it's not a Ponzi is that the structure is public -- there is no deceptive intent.  There are no "accounts" involved -- the government is not saying that you have so much money on deposit, only telling you what your estimated payouts are based on how much you have put in the system.
But it is an insurance policy only in the very loosest sense of the word (e.g. "my savings account at the bank is an insurance policy against withdrawing money from the bank!").  
Social Security is what it is, metaphors aside.  It's a system designed to pay out retirement and disability benefits, which it pays based on income from current payroll taxes, with the difference between the payouts and the income being balanced in a fund (currently it pulls in more than it pays out, but that is expected to change soon).
Because it pays out based on current payroll taxes, rather than somehow investing the money, or even paying you back the money that you paid in, it has a Ponzi-like structure, but the fact that it is publicly and transparently made this way makes is very non-Ponzi-like.
@_date: 2012-12-12 15:55:55
I don't understand -- it sounds like you're agreeing with me.  Using a salt like this would not do anything to prevent someone from cracking your password (where I said "the attack would have to be aimed specifically at your password").
What this prevents, and should be a much larger concern, is the use of rainbow tables to generate a giant list of potential passwords and compute their hashes, hoping to break _someone_'s password.  Even using a common password like "it was the best of times it was the blurst of times" or "correct horse battery staple" makes you immune to almost any attack except a direct attack on your account.
The reason it is a larger concern is that you don't have to steal LinkedIn's password database to get a list of hashes to try -- the block chain is public info, so breaking anyone's brainwallet is going to yield some benefit.
@_date: 2012-10-25 20:04:20
Also worth noting that a better comparison for Bitcoins would the monetary base (what used to be M0), currently only 2.6 trillion.  Still, orders of magnitude (5 of them!) more than the current Bitcoin supply, although it is worth noting that this measure alone has increased nearly 5-fold since 2008. (source: 
Since Bitcoins do not yet have functioning credit markets, comparisons to M1 and M2 are difficult to estimate.  If we had estimates of the total deposits on all exchanges (which are effectively demand deposits) then we might be able to get an estimate of M1.
And as a last technicality, since bitcoins are deterministically generated, the actual monetary base for bitcoins is the full 21 million that will become available (since this defines the scarcity), so arguably the total monetary base for Bitcoins is ~$200M.  Still, pennies on the Benjamin, as it were.
@_date: 2012-01-23 22:04:12
I think there's something missing here.  From 2(a)(1):


So it seems that bitcoins don't necessarily fall under this definition.  I suspect that bitcoins would be much more likely to fall under the CFTC's jurisdiction, as do most forex shops, but even there it is dubious since you are not trading contracts for bitcoins, but are trading bitcoins directly.
From a regulatory perspective, I think it is unclear if bitcoins are any different from any other intangible -- I do not need SEC or CFTC compliance to sell video games or other digital goods, or to broker the sale of such.
@_date: 2012-09-18 20:28:45
I don't offhand see that the large-scale adoption of Bitcoins will significantly affect the value of gold, silver, diamonds, any more than the dollar moving off the gold standard made those things worthless.
I could even see the price of tangible stores of value increasing in nominal Bitcoins, because of uncertainty about whether Bitcoins will be "cracked" in the cryptographic sense, not to mention various outage situations where internet connectivity is not easily available.
@_date: 2012-04-24 13:55:29
The first part of this is an incredibly complicated issue, and, to be frank, you probably won't get an objective answer on this subreddit.  
But I would argue that the why of the first part of the question is irrelevant to the second part; you're arguing that bitcoins are similar to gold, and thus whatever reason gold failed will be the same reason that bitcoins will fail.
In a real sense, though, gold has not failed -- as a store of value it is more consistent than ever, and the market for exchanging gold is extremely liquid.
If Bitcoin amounts to nothing more than this, it will still be an astonishing success.  But Bitcoin has advantages that gold has never had, in ease of transactions and verifiability, that might allow it to survive in a niche more like traditional "money" than gold has been able to do.
@_date: 2012-07-27 17:41:15
I think even by traditional definitions, Bitcoin squeaks by as a fiat currency.  Keep in mind that this is mainly a semantics issue.  I think we all have an intuitive notion of what a fiat currency is, so this is just spelling out some of the thinking.
One meaning of "fiat currency" is a currency which is used as the national currency of a country.  This is very vague though -- lots of countries use the US dollar as their national currency, but I don't think anyone would claim that the US dollar is a fiat currency because Ecuador uses it as their official currency.
The other definition commonly used is that a fiat currency is a currency that a government deems has value.  This definition also falls short, because the fact of a currency having value is to some extent independent of this decree.  Governments that attempt to control the value of their currency by fiat universally fail at this.
To me, the definition that makes the most sense is that a fiat currency is one where a government (or, writ large, an organization) controls the supply.  This does make sense; currencies like the Dollar or the Euro are fiat, and currencies like Gold and Cigarettes are not.
In this last definition, Bitcoins meets the bar just because an organization determines the way that the supply moves.  Right now, that is very deterministic.  But the code is open source, and substantive changes to it are taken by consensus.  That consensus is amongst the body consisting of miners.  This body is the organization that gives the fiat to Bitcoin.
For example, if enough Keynesians start mining, then the next time there's an economic crisis, there could be a consensus decision to up the reward rate in order to stimulate the economy.  Although many of the current supporters of BItcoin (myself included) find this abhorrent, it can't be denied that this is a possibility.
@_date: 2012-03-08 20:53:19
Fractional reserve banking does not usually involve lending out more money than you have in deposits -- the "fractional reserve" part of the name refers to the fact that only a fraction of the total deposits is kept in reserve.  Loaning out more money than you have in deposits is not really a thing that is done -- in the US, a bank that does so is considered to be "failed" and can be seized by the FDIC.
@_date: 2012-10-15 23:11:18
Small (possible) nitpick.  My understanding was that it was not (Magic the Gathering) (Online eXchange), but rather (Magic the Gathering Online) (eXchange).  Specifically, it was not for trading physical cards, but rather the exchanging virtual cards from MTGO. I don't have a definitive source in either direction, though.
@_date: 2012-08-15 14:46:47
First of all, nice work!  This looks amazing.  I've been working on a similar system (still in the "working out the math" phase).  The BTC market badly needs a way for people to short; I think many people share my concern that the current increase in the price of bitcoin is at least partially driven by the fact that there is currently no such method.
And by allowing deposits and withdrawals only in bitcoin, you have dramatically reduced the complexities involved in dealing with the traditional payment processors.  Which, coincidentally, is playing to a direct strength of bitcoin.
Two things that I feel are missing, though.
The first is that you need to make more of an effort to identify the principals in the business.  I like that you have a company name and phone number listed on the contact page, but it has to go deeper.  To be frank, you need to provide sufficient information so that people feel comfortable knowing that they can file suit to retrieve funds in the case that the business refuses to reimburse.  Even with that in mind, operating under the shield of a limited liability company, this is immediately shaken, because if the site is hacked, or if there is some sort of liquidity crunch, then there may be limits on how much they are legally allowed to retrieve.  Ideally, the company would be re-formed as a partnership.
The second is that you do not provide sufficient details of your internal accounting.  I know some of this will be proprietary, but visibility into the financial state of the company will go a long way towards assuaging doubts about the liquidity available to the company, and thus its viability.  Without some way of verifying that depositor money has not been removed from the company with only a fractional reserve remaining, it will be hard to trust that the money won't disappear.
@_date: 2012-09-13 16:17:21
Be very skeptical without looking at the underlying data.  These statistics are often extremely vulnerable to a survivor bias, as companies that go out of business are usually excluded from the equation.  Nassim Nicholas Taleb has written some articles where he demonstrates this, but I don't know whether they apply to this particular analysis.  Verify that the methodology keeps track of year-to-year value for a fixed basket of securities, rather than just looking at what different baskets are worth each year.
@_date: 2012-11-06 16:50:23
Most borrowers are not going to pay back loans with created money -- usually it's just a question of future money.
Simplest is collaterlized; I make 100BTC/month, and I want to borrow 1200BTC to buy a btcmobile.  So for 51BTC/month for two years, plus a lien on the car, a bank is willing to give me 1200BTC in cash.
Other major use of credit is business plans; 1200BTC of improvements to my restaurant is likely to improve my profit margins; the bank is willing to let me pay 60BTC/month for two years to pay it back (because of the high risk).
Bankers are just middlemen; they facilitate the liquidity of credit markets.  Economies have to grow on their own.  Banking becomes a dangerous when government guarantees allow them to capitalize gains and socialize losses, supporting a huge moral hazard that lets banks take ridiculous risks without the depositors giving a shit.  Or when people begin to assume that banks are low-risk because they haven't failed lately, and start ignoring the larger and larger risks that the banks are taking.  Bitcoin fixes the former; the only thing that can fix the latter is letting the banks fail, again and again, until people stop trusting them and treat them like investments.
@_date: 2012-09-05 19:39:05
Are we really this disconnected, that all we think of for a "bank" is a place where we store money?  Banks would not exist if they were just a place where money is stored.  The primary business of banks is loaning money.  That's why they pay depositors interest -- they charge interest on loans, and some of that gets passed on to depositors. &lt;/rant&gt;
What you're really talking about here is a bitcoin "vault" of some sort.  And whether this "vault" is superior to just your bitcoin client hinges on two simple questions.  Can someone else, without your authorization, remove coins?  And if not, how is that enforced? 
In the standard bitcoin system, someone needs your private key.  There  are various techniques (brainwallets, paper wallets and so forth) to prevent simple hackers from stealing your keys, but if someone has the private key associated with an address, they can transfer all funds out of that address.
So how is this "vault" different from that?  Instead of designing a complex system on top of bitcoin, energy would be better spent on finding better ways of creating, representing, and restoring private keys.
@_date: 2012-10-05 22:38:18
Okay, so now we have an argument about what "logical" means?  Fair enough -- let's instead say that the statement "$10 &gt; $1 in value" is true for the overwhelming majority of people, for the overwhelming majority of situations.  So, borrowing from math, let's just say that it's true "almost everywhere".  Is this result surprising?
The theory of value that states "value is entirely subjective" can not predict this.  It also, in fairness, does not predict the opposite.  In fact, that theory does not predict anything, and thus does not even come close to earning the designation of "theory".  Any reasonable theory of value should predict this (and all of the economic theories of value do, from Smith to Keynes to von Mises).
Most people accept the most basic theory of value, that "things are worth what people are generally willing to pay for them", and that theory is good enough for 99% of the economic interactions that someone will have in life.  The trick of convincing someone that Bitcoins have value is to convince them that there are theories of value that are consistent with their everyday lives and also explain why Bitcoin has value.  But that's just right now; once history piles on sufficiently, then the basic "willing to pay theory" will be enough to convince people that Bitcoins have value.
@_date: 2012-03-12 18:36:43
For most of the history of banking there was no central bank that could change the money supply.  Bank failures did happen, and the world didn't end.  I would go so far as to say that banking is critical to economic growth (although fractional reserve banking in particular, as opposed to the better-defined "certificate of deposits", "junk bonds", may not be the best banking system).
We have to make sure that we learn as much as we can from history before embarking on developing a credit economy in bitcoin, but we'll probably make most of the same mistakes.  One big mistake that we'll probably repeat a couple of times is to assume that "bank laws" can protect us.  If you want to deposit money in a bitcoin "bank" you want to gain confidence that your money is safe:
* Know who is running the bank
* Make sure that there is real liability attached to the institution (watch out for LLC's, corporations, or limited partnerships) -- preferably some sort of personal guarantee (as sole proprietor, for example)
* Make sure that the terms of the deposit are well-defined and do not restrict this liability
* Make sure that the person/institution are in the same legal jurisdiction as you are, for ease of legal action
You have legal protections when entering any contract; don't trade away these protections for nothing -- if the bank is missing any of these, make sure that you as an investor are compensated for that risk.
You also probably want to know the terms and look for transparency -- if they have a reserve, they should publish what bitcoin address the reserve is held at (if there are rotating addresses or multiple addresses, they should also make this clear) so that you can ensure that they do not violate these terms.  Ideally, you should be able to track how much money they have on deposit as well, but this is a trickier problem.
You also want to know the terms of their loans; do they require collateral?  In what amount relative to the quantity of the loan?  Do they require that the bank know the identity of the borrower?  These conditions are analogous to the conditions for depositing in the bank, and for good reason -- really, you are lending the bank money, and want to gain confidence that they will be able to pay you back; you should be sure that the bank is taking the same (preferably stricter, even) precautions.
@_date: 2012-02-21 22:05:13
Yes, that is exactly how they work.  They have more complex strategies to try to be fairer and prevent "pool hopping".  But in general, the more hashes you compute, the more BTC you'll get.  In a perfect world, this would be a linear relationship, but the reality is even at mining pool scales the variance is high enough that this won't be quite true.
Currently the network operates at about 10GH/s = 10e9 h/s; at 10 minutes per block that means that there are 6e12 hashes computed per block; 50 BTC/block means that ~8e-12 BTC per hash.  Multiply in your hash rate and that should give you a reasonable idea of the return you should expect.
@_date: 2012-02-14 19:00:54
Bitcoins are the Wild West.
The only way that you can trust that a bitcoin exchange is not going to rip you off is to know who runs the exchange, enter into a contract, and be ready to use the legal system to enforce that contract.  Just like banks in the wild west -- you don't give your money to some fly-by-night hustler from out of town; you put your money in the bank run by Mr. Flannery down the street, who you know and are prepared to seek restitution from (admittedly, in the old west, that would involve more violent methods than I would recommend now; the modern legal system is well-equipped to deal with people who defraud).
So, basically, you should only put money into an exchange if you either
* Know who owns the exchange, and know that there's no cutaway (LLC or corporation, or any sort of liability-limiting system)
* Know the jurisdiction that applies, and make sure that you are comfortable seeking redress there (i.e. local is ideal; don't use an exchange in Japan or Chile if you're in Michigan in the US)
* Can obtain insurance for your deposits
* Minimize your risk exposure by not storing money with any exchange for any length of time
The fact of the matter is that we have grown to accept banks as an abstract concept now because humanity has already gone through this; unscrupulous bankers stealing their client's money, hiding behind corporate veils, and have mounted complex legislation to make the decision about what bank to use into a question of "who has the best website" because your deposits are insured, same as everywhere else, regardless of what risks or irresponsibility the institution evinces.
So ideally, use offline exchanges -- fine people in your area that will take dollars for bitcoins.  If you're going to use an online exchange, got with the fourth option -- move your money in small quantities to limit exposure, and don't keep open positions on the book (i.e. deposit your dollars in the exchange, exchange them for BTC, and move the BTC back to your wallet).
@_date: 2012-10-26 17:54:26
This assumes that your employers are deliberately attempting to avoid taxes.  They may get away with it; but most businesses will not even try, because prison time for tax evasion is not worth it.
Here's an example of how this could be tracked down to prove tax evasion.  Let's say the government demands that your employer provide them with an accounting of income and outlays (and audit, as it were) in a situation where they suspect tax fraud.  Earlier, the IRS bought a unit of good or service from the company in question.  Does that transaction show up in the audit.  In order to protect itself from this sort of investigation, a company must keep most of its transaction records.
This is in fact much easier to hunt down than current businesses that work entirely in cash because cash is so fungible.  But the bitcoins I gave you can always be tracked.
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:04:32
The article is a bit of a slog, but what you describe as a given in terms of balance sheet manipulation, the author does not accept blindly -- accounting rules for banks are notoriously tricky.  He attempts to empirically analyze it.  Read section 3 of the paper for a breakdown.  I think the GP's point regarding taking the loan amount in cash is very relevant, because that forces immediate settlement.
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:51:15
I don't mean to be obtuse, but what policy exactly are you referring to?  The accounting rules for banks are incredibly complex -- they make FASB standards for business accounting look like kindergarten.  Deferred settlement is the biggest variable -- this gives tremendous flexibility as to which balance sheet columns are affected by a loan transaction.
As for contradicting "fractional reserve theory", as you describe it, I'm not sure it does, but I'm not sure that your definition of "fractional reserve theory" matches what I would consider to be the definition of that term.  "New credit out of nothing" does not seem like a component of fractional reserve banking -- that seems to imply no-reserve or negative reserve, whereas "fractional reserve" is in the name.
I would recommend reading the article and standardizing on the terminology used there to discuss the article, to avoid becoming bogged down in the semantics.
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:01:52
You should read the article.  He mentions three theories of the operation of banks, and you've described two of them; one being the "creation of new credit", the other being "collectively creating money".
The author argues that the third alternative is actually the correct one, namely that banks create money with no regard for reserves.  As noted below, this is more a check on bank accounting practices than it is on any economic reality.  
@_date: 2011-12-29 16:29:45
Looks, I'm as big an Austrian as anybody, but when you have an argument with non-Austrian economists, you have to realize that you're just arguing semantics.
To an Austrian, "inflation" and "deflation", as words, refer to increases/decreases in the money supply.
To a non-Austrian (and to laypeople), "inflation" and "deflation" are terms that relate to the average price of goods.
Neither definition is a lie; Austrians also recognize price volatility as a thing that can happen independently of currency supply.  Both camps definitely agree that monetary inflation/deflation is linked to price inflation/deflation; they just disagree on the relative strength of the underlying causes.
@_date: 2011-08-31 17:42:26
They changed the uri's today -- use  instead.
@_date: 2011-08-24 20:28:52
If you're looking for casual, try using eligius.st -- it's a nice pool with a good payout, and, more importantly for casual users, it has no accounts -- you just submit your bitcoin address as your user name, and it pays out every time you hit ~0.33BTC or after a week of inactivity.
[Getting started]( literally takes as long as it takes to download poclbm, and you can track your performance easily; see [here]( for example.
@_date: 2011-08-25 14:26:22
Although you should of course research, the nice thing about Eligius is that you do not have to wait -- in the time you spend researching, you might as well fire it up and earn some coins.  If you find another pool you like more, then you can switch over and you'll get the coins you mined on Eligius in a couple of days.
As for the comment below about pool size, at [436GH/s]( it represents about 3.4% of the total network computing power, and it is the 6th largest pool according to [bitcoinwatch](  Numbers 4,5,6 are pretty much in a dead heat, though.
Also the fact that the pool has no fees on the mining reward is attractive -- it just keeps the transaction feeds for the pool.  The biggest caveat here is that the pool will only take transactions that have a fee; it is arguable whether that is a positive thing for the bitcoin community this early in the adoption cycle.
@_date: 2011-12-30 20:04:55
There are three things I would like, but I think most people would only consider the first two features.
* Receipt support -- this could be something as simple as a "note" along with a transaction.  There are ways of doing that in the current protocol, but nothing standard (because of feature 
* Contract support -- not in the sense of "hold these bitcoins in limbo until condition is satisfied", but in the sense of a financial instrument that obligates (but does not systematically require) a payer to pay the holder on some sort of schedule.  These can in turn be transacted in the block chain.  The simplest example would be a fixed-interest-rate-zero-coupon loan; "Frank will send 100 BTC to the current owner of this contract on 12/30/2012". This would allow a basic credit economy to begin to function in the Bitcoin world.  Trust would be the biggest potential problem, but that would be initially handled by trusting based on known identities, and can later be based on "the address that issued this obligation has defaulted on less than 1% of obligations".
* Less flexibility in the transaction language.  The current system supports a huge variety of potential computations that can determine whether an address can redeem bitcoins, but this is limited by the fact that in the end, a human has to be able to figure out whether he can get them or not, so being presented with a giant flowchart saying "these 100 things have to happen for you to get the bitcoins" is asking for trouble -- "Publisher's Clearing House has sent you 1,000,000 BTC! (warning, bitcoins can not be redeemed unless you have the private code that doesn't exist)"
@_date: 2015-02-26 20:57:39
Think of this as being largely independent of the value of bitcoins as a fungible source.
Colored coins and similar approaches are a cryptographically secure way of saying "if you have, in your posession, a dollar bill with the serial number 12333111, then you 'own' this house".  This wouldn't affect the price of a dollar, except in so far as it limits the supply of bills available for economic activity.
@_date: 2013-07-23 17:46:03
A standard part of sentencing guidelines involves making restitution for the crime.  If he has money or bitcoins stashed away, returning even some of them can dramatically reduce his sentence (assuming that he is convicted).
Putting a lien on future income, etc., is usually an option pursued by the civil courts, and if you have proof you invested with him, then you should file suit, or try to convince a lawyer to put together a class action.  The sooner the better; a conviction in criminal courts will make this practically free money for any law firm willing to take up the torch.  There's something like $60M at stake here.
@_date: 2013-11-06 19:18:09
As I understand it the attack is to wait to publish your "secret" block until someone else publishes a block.
At that point, you publish your secret block and attempt to trick the network into accepting it (using a Sybil attack).  This is really the key to the attack -- if you can be successful a significant percentage of times, then you have a &gt;10% chance of getting a second block before the rest of the network does.  
@_date: 2013-09-20 20:51:26
Although regulation is a real threat in this area, banks are also trying to protect themselves from fraud and losses.
The electronic double-spend problem is a difficult one to solve, and the banks (and SWIFT and FedWire, etc.) haven't solved it.  So if a bank allows people to wire money too easily, it runs the risk of having to cover shortfalls caused by people using race conditions in the system to remove the money that they committed to sending to the counterparty. As electronic commerce becomes more commonplace this problem has exploded for banks.
On the other hand, Bitcoin has solved this problem. But that doesn't help when you have to deal with the interface between physical dollars and electronic dollars.
@_date: 2013-05-10 19:13:43
I cannot upvote this enough.  These semantic arguments wear me out.
At the heart of it, as long as people are citing wikipedia, the difference between  and  is the heart of it.
@_date: 2013-07-02 14:09:34
ETFs based on commodities typically do no hedging at all; instead just assume the carrying cost of holding the physical commodity (security &amp; insurance).
Relationship of NAV to trading price will be a bit chaotic -- institutional investors are basically the only participants that can make an arbitrage play to even out the price, and the arbitrage will always require going through one of the (comparatively) shady Bitcoin exchanges.
Since it's easier to get money in and Bitcoins out from an exchange, I suspect that the ETF will trade at a substantial discount to the exchange-based price.  E.g. if the ETF price is too high, then you take on a short position, buy BTC on an exchange, and redeem for the BTC for shares, which you use to cover your short position.  If the price is too low, though, then to correct you need to take a long position of the ETF, and then sell BTC on an exchange (which, because there's no good credit market, means you have to already have a bunch of BTC) to correct.  Alternatively, you can buy enough of the ETF to redeem for BTC, and then sell those on an exchange.  Either way, this is a higher relative cost than the other direction; the balance between these two will set the discount, which I suspect will be substantial.
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:45:31
Saying 97-98% of US dollars are virtual is a bit of an overstatement.  Bitcoins are most analagous to dollars in circulation and demand deposits in the central bank.  Of the currently $2.8 trillion in circulation, $1.18 trillion is in the form of Federal Reserve Notes and coins.  So only ~42% is actually virtual in the sense that bitcoin is virtual.
All of the higher-level numbers for money supply (M1+) depend on reporting of amounts in demand deposits and held in securities, which bitcoin does not report.
@_date: 2013-07-25 15:36:33
To put it another way, MtGox-fun-bucks are worth less than dollars.  USD on MtGox are really the discounted future value of the dollars that you can realize once they open up withdrawals, minus the risk that they never will.
Because MtGox-fun-bucks are just dollar futures, running an arbitrage to stabilize the prices would be extremely capital-intensive, without any real mechanisms to hedge.
@_date: 2013-06-25 12:24:15
The only difference between a "bank" and a "credit union", functionally speaking, is that a credit union disperses all of its profits to the depositors, rather than keeping the profit.  It still has to make loans -- it's a *credit* union.  Attracting depositors requires offering them interest.
@_date: 2013-06-21 19:30:41
I think there may be some confusion here about what a "bank" is.  What does it mean to have a bank that has the "direct intention of converting fiat to bitcoin"?
Do you mean literally converting amounts of fiat currency to bitcoins?  That role seems to be filled by exchanges and by organizations like coinbase, that are basically exchanges where the institution assumes the counterparty risk rather than the customer.  But these aren't really banks.
Or do you mean philosophically weaning people away from fiat currencies towards bitcoins by providing banking services that are the rough equivalent of what a fiat currency bank provides.  If this is the case, then there are really two things you have to deal with.
One is the regulatory concerns around operating an institution called a "bank".  Some of these may not apply since it wouldn't be a traditional bank, like a blood bank or a sperm bank is not really subject to regulatory requirements surrounding banks.
The other issue, and way more logistically difficult, is that a bank makes money by loaning out deposits and collecting interest, and attracts deposits by offering a share of that interest to depositors.  But in order to loan money, you need to have a way of collecting interest and ensuring that loans are repaid, which means you have to be prepared to take legal action to enforce contract violations, or be fully collateralized, and the latter is usually just called a "pawn shop".  You can accept anonymous deposits, if customers are willing to trust you to pay interest, but you can't issue anonymous credit.
You can dodge the second one by charging negative interest for deposits (like a safe deposit box or a vault company, roles that brick and mortar banks usually branch into), but attracting bitcoin deposits is going to be tricky because they can be stored relatively easily in a secure fashion by individuals, and even though that's not as easy at it sounds, you can't show off foot-thick steel doors that protect the depositor's bitcoins -- there's no reason to think your vault is more secure than the one that I have on a piece of paper (or even in a bitcoin client on a regular PC).
@_date: 2013-08-13 21:02:31
I think the anonymity is given too much credit as a design goal.
A non-anonymous digital currency scheme would be orders of magnitude more difficult -- how do you even _define_ identity, much less enforce it, without some sort of trusted scheme?  In the digital world more so; without relying on credit cards, or other external indications of identity, proving out that two online entities are the same person is a nearly hopeless task.
Impossible to seize is not entirely true either; for the purposes of argument, "seizing" is just a legal framework around "taking without consent", and certainly we've seen Bitcoin thefts.
@_date: 2013-07-23 18:16:51
Yes; the basic facts of the case seem to indicate that most of the coins were lost, through trading losses, reimbursing investors, and cashing out directly.
If, however, he managed to stash a significant amount of them (for example, through reimbursing sock puppet investors), in the hopes of having a nest egg in case things went to shit, he might be persuaded to give up the treasure by the prospect of having a couple of years shaved off his sentence.
@_date: 2013-07-25 20:03:52
That's totally fair (regarding the irrational demands for returns, or rather, the demand for irrational returns).  By capital intensive, I just mean that since it take a while to go from cash -&gt; campx -&gt; btc -&gt; mtgox -&gt; cash, you need a lot of capital to put in to capture the same amount of arbitrage that you could if the loop were a lot quicker.
Once MtGox clears out the backlog, then the arbitrage opportunities should disappear.  I think there are enough people out there that are not convinced that MtGox will (or maybe even can) clear out the backlog -- the possibility that MtGox is having a bank run and doesn't have sufficient cash reserves to pay back the investors, for example -- is what the market is pricing in.  Also the regulatory risks, independent of MtGox's solvency, whether they can find banks willing to work with them to make the transfers.
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:55:41


Source?  This is not the story that I'm familiar with.
@_date: 2013-07-02 14:19:23
It's unfortunate that the redemption requirement is so large (the tl;dr is that if you have 10,000 BTC you can trade them for 50,000 shares, if you're an institutional investor, and vice versa, modulo a fee).
If they had made 1 share == .01BTC, then a redemption requirement of 50,000 shares == 500 BTC would be within the reach of miners, and provide an avenue for real liquidity on the BTC supply side.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:46:05
Thank you for your very well thought out post.  Many people assume that bitcoin lending can't happen, but don't bother to reason it out.
That said, I think what you're missing is that there's an internal logical inconsistency.  If bitcoins are actually predictably deflating at the rate that you specify, a lender loaning in a fiat currency is _already_ accepting a negative return on his investment, because he could have just invested in holding bitcoins instead, and accepted 0% nominal interest, which translates to 2-3% real interest, by your numbers.
There's tremendous uncertainty in the Bitcoin space now, and that is where the peg that holds the circular logic together falls apart -- nobody can guarantee that bitcoins will increase in value in the short term, especially since they are being debased at a considerable rate at the moment -- 12.5%, if I read the numbers right.
Credit markets are hard to establish, because they rely so much on mutual trust and enforcement of contracts (or direct collateralization, e.g. pawn shops), but until they are established, we can't really make computations about present value or future value of bitcoins because the market gives us no guidance.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:53:03
Also, perhaps the most important thing -- it is impossible to forge, and trivial to verify its authenticity.  No bitcoin-plated lead slugs passed off as real bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-01 13:42:42
I don't question Wikipedia as a source, but I don't see anything there supporting this assertion.  Maybe this quote?


I do not read that as a shortage of greenbacks being a grievance of the westerners; I read that as whiskey being a cash substitute.  If the whiskey tax had been payable in whiskey, the end result would have been the same.  This is just based on what the article says; I do not have access to the referenced material.
But the majority of the grievances of the Whiskey Rebellion enumerated in the article pretty firmly reject the thesis that the method of payment had anything at all to do with the resistance.
@_date: 2013-04-04 21:00:32
The only reason we know that BTC Guild has this kind of market share is that they choose to make that information public.  There are numerous ways that they could make their blocks completely anonymous.  So there's no real possibility of enforcing a split at the technical level.
Realistically, for miners, there's chicken and egg problems, as well as direct advantages.  The largest pool will have the lowest variance, which means the most consistent payout per unit work.  The other side of the coin is that BTC Guild is big for a reason; a combination of uptime guarantees and consistency of payoffs that means that miners have chosen them.
The only way to break them is for enough people to take a stand and say "I'll switch to a smaller pool even though that is against my immediate economic advantage" -- a classic prisoner's dilemma, or for a new mining pool to offer better payouts or better services.
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:47:08
So I've resisted following up in the thread, because if I really get started on this stuff, I come off sounding like a raving lunatic.  Let me try to address your points in a way that avoids getting into too many discussions of what "money" and "value" mean.
My point was not so much about how bitcoins would get priced if they were known to be increasing in value, but rather that the concept that they (or any good) can be "known to be increasing in value" is not a meaningful concept, because it introduces direct contradictions.
The knowledge that bitcoins are worth $100 now and will be worth $104 dollars in a year will result in their value now not being 100 -- instead, they will be worth the present value of $104 in a year.  But we started by assuming that they are worth $100 now.  So there is a contradiction.  An exact prediction about the future value of any good that is priced by the market (and is convertible) is not possible -- "not even wrong" is the phrase that would come to mind with this sort of determinism.
Non-convertible assets (like a bond or similar instrument -- let's say I sell you a note that I will redeem for $100 in one year) can be priced in the future, but not really priced now -- not exactly, anyway; the market will decide a price for it if I put a bunch of these up for sale.  And even in the future, the value of the instrument is dependent on all sorts of counterparty risk, so the future value is not certain either, which will be priced in to the present value.
The remainder of my original comment (about credit markets) was basically to show that none of this contradicts the quantity theory of money.  I personally believe that nothing can contradict the quantity theory of money because it is really a semantic tautology -- it just serves as the definition of a bunch of things that include so many unknowns that the predictive value is null; compare with the Drake Equation, for example.  It's simply an explanatory theory (like almost all of macroeconomics) that can be used after the fact to explain why things happen the way they did (and why they didn't happen the way that they were predicted to happen).
Okay, I'm going to stop now; I can feel a rant coming on.  Hopefully this clarifies what my point was.