@_author: andre2099
@_date: 2014-03-05 07:15:49


Where's your insurance now?
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:34:04
Thank you. I didnt ask for this. People say that I didnt lock my door enough. SO if you come home and your door is kicked in, its your fault that you didnt have enough locks on it? No. The door was closed, it was locked, and someone came and cleaned you out. 
With BTC there is no recourse. For that reason I will not be buying, or mining anymore bitcoins. 
I predict that the price is going to fall to $200/btc anyways. The next government attack on BTC will not help anyone. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:31:45
Darwinism says then that I should have the right to do the same to others....hmmmm
@_date: 2014-01-14 23:00:33


Right...the only lesson I learned in all this is that people are greedy, and gullible when it comes to Bitcoin. Thieves have no problem stealing from people like that. In fact, they are somewhat candid about it, aside from revealing their identity. 
As long as there are people like you that blame yourself and others for these crimes, it will keep happening. I know what side I'm on now....
@_date: 2014-01-14 00:06:18


Well its all there....
He sent my bitcoins to 1EUwTds87Trd6cPVsp38AbXmKyroNpzXXs
and then sent them to 1DHdx5XNJ8Wa6UpHg8StH5K6hevdC14Lhq which has 300+BTC which is  $255,000!!!!
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:50:15
Do a quick search and see that 2FA doesnt stop this either. Everytime someone has their BTC taken from them whats the first thing people like you do? 
"Its your fault". 
Victim blaming. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 00:44:39
Maybe when you wake up to find your BTC's gone....you might just wonder if I did. 
If you hold BTC, its not a matter of if you will be hacked, its when. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:13:23


Actually I'm studying how bitcoin software works and to expose the flaws. 
Did you know MTGOX doesnt even hold a wallet for you, its just a big pool of bitcoins spread out in various address. For example I transferred in 0.025 BTC into the temporary address given by MTGOX, and it was sent into that address then it hopped into two other addresses with 2BTC's each. From there it goes out to millions of other addresses. Your MTGOX account is just a bogus bitcoin wallet with no address. I'm surprised no one talks about this. I have no doubt that MTGOX can and does manually sack people's so-called 'accounts' and then puts the blame on the user. 
For example, I can do this, you can do this, anyone can do this. Just open up a trading platform, have users sign up, they transfer in BTC's into your addresses, you display that amount in their account but the BTC's are in your possession. You can do a number of things. 
A) close up shop and keep all the bitcoins, which has happened dozens of times, sheeple market place is the best example, MTGOX did this a few times but didnt close up shop and run they just said "oops we got hacked". 
B) confuse the hell out of your customers by making it seem someone bought bitcoins on your account and transferred them out to some random address which is actually just another one of your own addresses. If anyone asks, tell them it looks like it was a normal login, and you should be secure.
I did my homework and there are dozens of cases of people that did everything that they were 'supposed' to do including 2FA and got sacked. If you did 2FA, what is the blame the community puts on people? Its that your email was not secure. Oh it must be your email addresses then that got hacked and of course it must be a trojan on your computer. Now feel bad and blame yourself because your an idiot.
For every step in the 'secure' process you will get blamed. This is the real problem of BTC and its why it wont ever go anywhere. The more people use it the more people will get scammed until the awareness reaches critical masse, at which point it will be junk. 
BTC is already junk in my mind, and since the value is based on the user's perception, it means it is junk. I dont care if its selling for $800/BTC right now, that just means there are still suckers out there. As this keeps happening the awareness will increase and it will be worth what its deserving of...i.e. $0.04/BTC like it was when it was made. That wont happen though until users are scammed to the point that they have to admit they dont really know how the system works. They are indeed stupid. Why? Because BTC works on pure trust, used by people that think they know how it works but they haven't even knicked the tip of the iceburg in understanding, and nothing else. The fact is MTGOX can walk away with all the BTC funds on their site right now, but we think our 2FA is going to stop them. Ha! When that happens what will all those here telling me my 2FA would have saved me say then? You can have all the 2FA you want, fact is the BTC's in your MTGOX on not in any wallet you control! You trust MTGOX and thats the only reason why its still here. They put little icons that show a vault with metal and bolts and that makes you feel comfy. No wonder the Sheep Market was called Sheep Market, because it saw through the real deal of BTC, and thats greed and gullibility (mix of stupid and trust). You are all greedy and you are super gullible. Really, BTC will change the world, by robbing everyone blind. You'll see I'm going to work at this and show everyone the truth. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:54:31


Thats all good an dandy but suppose no one has the key but you? You never had a spare lying around. And the building+lock system was never yours to begin with. You might just start suspecting its an inside job, like a Super or a maintenance worker. This happens ALL the time in BTC. You BTC users are stupid, for not learning their lessons. How many times has this happened in the BTC network and it still keeps happening? Everytime the blame is put on the victims. But the fact is, its not a matter of if its WHEN
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:53:54


Those dont pay out well. You might as well go to work for minimum wage and for the same time you spend on those stupid faucets you could get 10000x more money to buy BTC. 
Plus, their payouts (half cent here and there or less) will rack up the transactions on your wallet, and when you try to transfer out in a lump sum you pay a huge transaction fee because it has to add up all those tiny transactions from the faucet. I tried that before never again.
@_date: 2014-03-05 07:16:02
In your face!
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:51:08


Thanks for the neutral reply, unlike all the other a-holes here saying I'm the cause of this. 
Here is the address 1EUwTds87Trd6cPVsp38AbXmKyroNpzXXs. I checked blockchain already and they are doing this to lots of people. Obviously they are using a TOR program. 
Any help in tracking this person down would be appreciated. I am not a master of BTC. Those a-holes will say that is the reason for my losses. Well they can suck on it. If its going to be this way then I will actively be campaigning against BTC. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:23:41


No your analogy here breaksdown. I never left my key around anywhere. They key is in my head. 
People are saying that I have a bug in my machine, and that my phone has a bug, and that xyz electronic (make up anything) that I have is spying on me and got my password. The fact is thats the real paranoid crap and crazy conspiracy theory. 
I call bullshit to all of that. I've bent over backwards trying to hunt down that mysterious trojan or app. But everything points to MTGOX as the culprit. They took my money because I was in the process of being varified and it was about to be put in my bank account. Next thing you know a mysterious person just waltzes into my account, buys bitcoins, and transfers it out. 
MTGOX is saying it was a normal login. Of course they did. I can have a website too that just takes people bitcoins and then users complain and I tell them it was a normal login. 
If it were true its from spying, then My paypal could easily be hacked then, and it has never been hacked. My bank account too, what else? Amazon has my credit info. Nothing has ever happened. The fact is, MTGOX does this to its users, just like all Bitcoin trading sites do. At some point, 2FA or not this still happens, and people still complain about it, and they are always blamed in this community. Its a great business if  you think about it.
You know, before regulation, Banks used to do this too. They'd just empty an account and and claim there was money in there still. Then one day the owner checks and its gone. Banks would make up all sorts of excuses. But if they did this to too many people they'd just pack up and leave (sound familiar? how many BTC sites do this?)
That fact is what will bring down Bitcoin. Just watch.
@_date: 2014-01-14 00:23:45
It gets worse, if you follow the rabit down the hole you will see the numbers increasing. The next account up received $11million dollars from that and other accounts.
Thats .1% of the total Bitcoin market cap(all the bitcoins in existence). This isn't something to sneeze at. 
What you want to bet that MTGOX is in on this. Its a huge business. You can hack 10% of all your MTGOX accounts and blame the victim and get away with $11+million dollars. Its probably more than that once you consider other accounts its sending that money to.  
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:51:00
I am smart about betting, ever heard of "The house always wins" ??? i.e. dont do it.
@_date: 2014-01-14 00:47:00


Suppose he sends it to a coinbase account and cash's out...how can I see that? You can't.... Some of the accounts he transferred to are empty, but hundreds of thousands of dollars went through them yet they are empty now which to me shows that he sold them for cash already. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:57:07
Wow! Well no wonder BTC community has such a problem, users have no qualms about hacking others because its YOUR fault for being hacked. Wow, just WOW!
Thanks I think I will learn how to do this to others now...because if I rob you its your damned fault.
If you search 2FA hacked, you will find a number of cases where 2FA didnt stop this crap. 
What victims end up doing is taking the blame that is put on them, and they internalize it, and they find excuses for being hacked "oh....it must have been my email" or "it must have been a key logger" or "it must have been [enter excuse here]". 
Here's what I'll do, I'll learn how to hack BTC and you can keep shitting on my victim's heads. There is always a way to bypass these so called safety measures, more like safety blankets. You think I can't start a trade site of my own and then take BTC's out of say 10% of all the accounts and then claim that its their fault that they should have done [enter excuse here] and its their damned fault for being stupid????
At what point are people like you going to realize this is all a big scam?
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:31:24


No it doesn't. 2FA or not, you are saying https is not secure?
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:25:27


Honestly I read about it but I didnt know how to do it. My biggest worry was enabling something that I didnt understand and would result in me getting locked out of my own account. 
https SHOULD be enough, my password is 16 characters alphanumeric. I didnt asked to be hacked, this IS NOT MY FAULT. Sorry the lock on my door is not beefy enough, but it was locked, it was not unlocked. The door was closed and I locked it, someone kicked in the door and I have no reason to believe MTGOX is innocent in this. 
There is no way someone just cracked my password with brute force. I scanned my computer for any loggers or other trojans and came up empty. 
That said, is there any way to track down a person using the bitcoin address? I also heard that its somewhat cake to hack a BTC account if there are multiple payments made to that account. Anyone have any tips for that? 
Whoever it is, his is doing this to lots of people. So far he got 2BTC flowing through that address. 
I will read up more about 2FA. That said BITCOIN can go to hell and MTGOX too. No wonder there are so many Bitcoin hackers, because those hackers probably got hacked first, then they go on a rampage and hack back. To be honest, if it weren't for me trying to live a balanced life, I would probably go on my own rampage and figure out how to hack BTC. Evil is indeed contagious. But luckily I'm holding that part back and letting that temptation die with me. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:14:24
Actually the dollar is a scam. I'm surprised you dont know that.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:04:38


You going around shaming others for being hacked is rooted in the fact that you are victim as well. 
Why dont you stop shaming people, you in fact are the bitter one. Jesus.
Also consider the fact that GOX is just another site that hacks its own users. They do this from time to time. Let me ask you, how many account users does GOX have with $$ or BTC? A lot. what if they are hacking (not really hacking if they are just accessing) just 1% of their own user base ever few months? 99% of the rest of the users have not yet been hacked....and the 1% are shit upon by the last 1% that got had. 
And btw, 3BTC now is worth almost $3K. So you did not lose $100, you lost almost 3 grand. 
That said, the sheep market place did this to 100% of their user base, they just packed up and disappeared with it. I tracked one of the addresses that the Sheep market place sent the BTC's they stole and it has $3Billion dollars in it! Thats 27% of all bitcoins in existence. Thats right, 27% of all bitcoins are in some a-hole's account, that a-hole is sipping memosas on some beach somewhere. Now consider that he is not the only BTC thief! Its not far fetched to consider that another 25% of all BTCs are also stolen sitting in various accounts. i.e. its not far fetched to estimate that 50% of all BTCs are stolen from legitimate users like you and me. 
So give me a break, time to wake up, this whole thing is a joke. You think you understand what you are doing until you get had, and its just a matter of when. You can bend over backwards and do all sorts of weird shit, creating paper wallets and blowing laptops that you used your BTCs on, but in the end you will get screwed big time AGAIN!! 
@_date: 2014-01-14 22:46:56


Well keep on saying that dude. I think you know very well that you lost 3BTC, and 3BTC is worth $927x3=$2781.
We aren't talking about appreciation over 100 years. We are talking about a few months here. You know very well that you are trying to rack up as many BTC's as you can, and 3BTC's is not easy to come by, if it weren't stolen you'd still have it now. You lost 3BTC's, not $100, but 3BTCs. 
I indeed lost $197 because I had sold it already and was in the process of getting verified and setting up my bank account info to transfer out as cash. At the time of the robbery I had 0BTC, so the thief bought $197 worth of BTCs and transferred it out. So for as long as I remember it will be $197 that was stolen from me, what the thief did with it after he took it from me doesnt matter.
But your case, its 3BTC's for the rest of your life to think about. You can tack on any value you want to make it easier to sleep at night, but 3BTC's is 3BTC's no matter how you look at it. Stop kidding yourself. You can buy a used car with that amount of BTC's, if you had your car stolen you would do much more than kick yourself for not having a trillion security measures in place, like call the cops. I bet you didnt even call the cops did you? If you got your car stolen would you just say "oh I should have had that CLUB, and an alarm, and video cameras, and and and". No dude, you locked your car, some dude comes and takes it, you'd call the cops, you'd tell everyone there is a thief on the loose. Hell even with all those security measures, they always find a better way to take your shit. For example, they have tow trucks now that just pick up your car with grabbers on the wheels and just take off. If a cop asks they can just say it was collateral for a loan that fell through and be gone with your shit. But they wont do that because a car is bigger and more obvious than a BTC. But the fact is the thief is the fucker not you, the crime is the act of taking what is not yours.
As long as there are people like you justifying what happened to them, this will keep happening. One day you people will wake up and realize that BTC's are an unfeasable form of currency that, aside from all that technical crap that you yourself dont even understand, relies purely on trust. That trust has been broken several times, its just a matter of time that you will realize the BTC world is not trustworthy. Then it will not be worth squat.
@_date: 2014-01-13 19:47:48
I'm at fault. Hmmmm so if I figure out to hack you...who's at fault? I guess you because you were too stupid not to see me coming? 
You are saying that HTTPS means you will get hacked, then why isnt 2FA a requirement at MTGOX? Its not a requirement, its a recommendation. And their instructions for it are not clear. I did see that page and was indeed interested but their instructions are unclear. 
It should be a requirement for all MTGOX accounts. So why isn't it? They boast being secure, its not secure at all. 