@_author: andrewjamesdrake
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:39:21
What do we use as a replacement for governments though, and what transitional forms do we use to ease people out of what they are used to.
Revolutions aren't normally the sort of affairs that have permanent effects (Hi France), so how do we make the changes come slowly enough that people come to get used to them.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:12:10
This is China though. State-Media giving airtime at all implies some level of support. Otherwise they would use the airtime for something else.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:23:36
Technically, he is right. Its more than possible to make it a headache to read your data if it is intercepted.
The problem is that the NSA has automated tools to handle decryption, and they have cracked the various tools that people use. New tools are needed to circumvent the NSA effectively again.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:36:01
Better option: Retrofit existing system to accommodate new developments. 
Cryptocurrencies are certainly viable, BTC's success is proof of that. So the existing systems should alter themselves to accommodate its existence.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:55:22
And if they get big enough and international acceptance, they wind up tolerated under existing exchange laws. See: The Euro.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:53:56
We would give you a sign of good faith if we could, but the system is our of our control. The network is spread so wide that getting it to develop consensus on anything is like herding cats who have been given an IV drip of Red Bull.
We can't freeze any network members wallets, or prevent them from accessing them. Can't even pull the funds out into a holding wallet without their private keys unless we got the entire network to agree on altering the block chain records.
Unfortunately, even if you shut us down with the network equivalent of a DMCA call, most of the network isn't even based in the United States, and users would still be able to transfer BTC between wallet accounts on foreign servers. 
With the way our laws take several weeks to go into effect officially, at minimum, most users will just transfer their accounts out into wallets based overseas, and without any Network hubs in the US, you won't be able to get at the sweet, sweet data in the blockchain.
I mean, with that thing you could trace every transaction made across the entire network, and know exactly where every Bitcoin goes. A fully observable currency, granted you wouldn't be able to easily tie a name to most accounts without a bit of effort.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:33:03
Then explain the laws involved, and aid us in understanding how they would relate to Bitcoin.
With a little information, we might be able to figure out what parts of the laws will be problematic, and begin developing a palatable alternative since the US Government will go ahead and do something anyway. We might as well do what we can to control what that something is and make sure it isn't monumentally stupid.
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:07:29
Can you update us after you talk to him?
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:18:12
There is a workaround for those of us who want one.
Just setup a bank account just for your transfer into BTC, then setup several wallets. Use the primary for general transactions, and occasionally pay some out into a "savings account." 
If you don't use the Savings too much, it won't look like you who is using it if anyone tries to track you through the blockchain. The general-use wallet will look like its the one you actually use.
Edit: Maybe set up a third wallet for when you want to exchange back to your regional fiat currency. Use a different exchange and bank account for return transactions to ensure that your money trail is obfuscated to casual probing.
Information Request: Any legal issues to doing things this way?