@_author: andysipherbull
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:30:46


They'd be wrong.  By an order of magnitude.  Maybe they, like you, learned math at Khan Academy?
Why do you think frb is a prerequisite for capital investment?  
"Let's build some pyramids!"
"Great idea, I love it!  ...aww  but we haven't invented banks yet..."
I doubt bitcoin will use frb.  It's pointless.  If there was enough gold in the world so that you could slap a gold coin on the counter for a pack of gum, it's unlikely people would bother with fiat.  Because fiat writes checks the future has to cash and the future is getting smaller, not bigger.  I think you harbor some fantasy of unrestricted growth TO THE MOON.  That doesn't exist.  Everything that must be transacted is finite.  And everything that is non-renewable, like petroleum, is finite in a very immediate way.  
I don't think bitcoin is more than a stop gap, mostly because it can be lost and is apparently non-recoverable, so the supply will decrease over time and at some point that will likely matter.  And it's a default system, like any commodity currency.  FRB is failing because it's abused and doesn't deal with reality and bitcoin will take its place until a rational system is in place.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:57:06
 I was responding to the comment you made, quoting him.
You actually think a hedge fund manager has to be ignorant of the exploitable nature of the system to be a hedge fund manager?  I'd say the opposite is true.  A hedge fund manager has a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.  I like that you're blown away by Khan's superficial-as-his-MS-Paint-calculus-tutorials insight into it though.   
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:30:54


That's some grade school shit.  Money supply is expanded to bailout private enterprise that's essential, yet, for no societally useful reason, is placed in the hands of the incompetent or the corrupt.  It's expanded to fund wars.  It's expanded to pressure citizens into adopting a worldview of trivial, obsessive consumption, which doesn't benefit them, but instead benefits predatory institutions.  It's expanded to preserve or increase the value of institutions which exercise control over fixed (all) resources.  If, by happenstance, it's occasionally expanded to facilitate real economic production, that's good PR for economists and bankers, but hardly germane.
@_date: 2014-03-06 14:19:44
This can't be legit.  Much more capable people have been looking for him for years.  Elaborate prank by cicada 3301?
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:14:03
It'll come down to what's written on the bulletin board on the wall behind the reporter,  "bitcoins" "something else"  "time span" "contracting company"  "Psshh"
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:16:04
Close. It's actually:
----. --. .- --.
@_date: 2013-10-30 09:54:25
He's a moron in addition to being a whore.
@_date: 2013-11-25 01:34:43
There are no banks built in to bitcoin so why would it need a Fed to bail out banks?  One of the ideas behind bitcoin is that money should be solely a means of exchange or a means to store wealth, not a tool to implement policy.   A government can't print bitcoins because it wants to go to war, so the decision to go to war is (monetarily) placed back in the hands of the citizens.  You might respond by saying that this gives the wealthy an undue say in the decision making process.  And that's true, except that bitcoin has created a new class of wealthy, since most corporations and funds haven't bought into it and for every day that goes by their potential share in the total number of coins become smaller.  If they do all eventually convert their wealth to bitcoin, they will have made all the early adopters the new capitalist class.  
So it's an attempt at a power shift away from neo-liberal values; values that dictate that the invasion of Iraq was good because it sewed up Iraq's reserves and ensured that when they are sold, it will be in dollars.  The same value system would like to see Iran's reserves dealt with in a similar way.  Genuine libertarians (not the Koch-sponsored professional trolls) aren't happy that a military-industrial complex can print money, pay themselves to outfit an army, use that army to secure the store of value of their money and so continually enrich themselves at the expense (and with the lives) of citizens, at home and abroad.
@_date: 2013-11-25 10:27:25


Depends on your view really.  Most people interested in a decentralized currency feel that those in power are corrupt, systematically corrupt: regulatory capture is rampant; corporate interest, blatant or filtered through PACS, is the prime shaper of public policy;  politicians are no longer serving in the public interest and enforcement is protecting criminals who serve the status quo and targeting anyone outside, independent or dissenting for... well, being outside, independent or dissenting.


You're kind of just stringing together non sequiturs so I don't know why there's an "In fact" in there.  And you seem to be using "regulation" loosely.  Stealing gold is still a crime, stealing bitcoins is usually and obviously should be a crime;  when you use a credit card and expect fraud protection, either you or the vendor (or both) is paying for insurance indirectly.  No reason that can't or won't be implemented with bitcoin.  


So?  It's in the adoption phase so of course people want to try to get in early.  Ultimately it's just a currency though.  The same thing would happen if we reverted (presumably gradually) to a gold standard: the "price" would rise and perhaps overshoot the actual useful value of gold as a currency.


Sure, except those merchants do actually accept bitcoin, so whatever bump in business it brings them is no different than the bump bitcoin holders see when more people are interested in acquiring and using bitcoins.


Not really defending libertarianism here, but imo a system like this is a sort of "nuclear option" when a country slides toward fascism.  Take away their fiat and they won't be doing business as usual.  And if they think that requiring that taxes be paid in dollars makes a difference, joke's on them when no one uses dollars anymore.  
Regulation these days is nothing more than printing money, since the effective interest rate is negative and no one can do shit to change that.  You, as a citizen, are paying banks to take the money that the Fed is creating for them, since instead of lending it out (which is the whole point of increasing the supply of it), they are just using it to buy bonds.  Dollars are being hoarded.  Which is pretty lol since dollars are supposed to be superior to gold in that it's difficult to hoard them due to inflation.  It's pretty broken, at least for citizens.  For banks, military contractors, corporate welfare queens and producers of high end durables, it works great.  


I mean...  good luck with that.  It's pretty much going to happen.  You had a chance to do it correctly with a central bank and you blew it.  The default is a gold-like currency.
