@_author: anedisi
@_date: 2018-01-25 14:57:29
they are relaying money around, it does not mather that they dont know for whom it is. imagine a bank having a bank account that relays money around and does not know for whom it is. it could not fly. it does not mather that the bank cannot know who the sender and reciver is.
@_date: 2017-11-28 08:40:40


no there are not, 


Bitcoin Core is the reference software implementation of Bitcoin. That software had various upgrades thru the years. Segwit is one of those upgrades. 
Remember: Bitcoin Core is a software running Bitcoin. 
In the software world there is no "soft" or "hard" fork, there is only a fork. ( the one you call "hard".) soft fork would be a simple software upgrade with compatibility change. bitcoin is basically a distributed database, and there is a need for all of us to run the version that we all agree on, and that is usually the latest.
i dont really care if you fork is technically superior to the original, its a fork and it does not really have a right on the bitcoin name.
@_date: 2017-11-28 10:32:02


No im not arguing that, if the Bitcoin would have a trademark there would be no Bitcoin cash, they would have to call them self Bcash or something else. Thats the point of this open source thing.
Hoover what im arguing is if i put my project on github and call it Bigcoin, then somebody does not like the changes i do with it, and forks it it, it is expected that they call that project something else, maybe Hugecoin or whatever. 
joomla is fork of mambo,
plex is a fork of xbmc
mariadb is a fork of mysql
It could even be simulair but what bitcoin cash is trying to do is take over the name, they intentionally want people to think that bitcoin cash is just the re branding of bitcoin.


In software sense i could fork some project make some changes and still keep it 100% compatible with the original. 
It would still be a fork. A software project making changes ( be it partly or completely incompatible with previous versions ) is still not a fork. python 3 is not a fork of python 2 but they are incompatible.
so to answer your question. even if satoshi client ( core ) makes a fully breaking change ( "hard fork" ) that is still the original bitcoin version x.
bitcoin cash is a fork that thinks is superior to original and hopes to bank on the name.
 
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:20:12
thats bullshit, there is no multiple flavours of bitcoin, there is a bitcoin and thats it. if you fork it you should call your fork something else and then if you want u can say its based on bitcoin or something. everything else is shady as fuck and deceiving.