@_author: angryd09
@_date: 2017-07-30 06:00:37
You're assumption the op is coming from a sexist place is itself sexist.
@_date: 2017-05-04 00:42:11
I'm new to Bitcoin.  Haven't bought yet. Almost did around the holidays and was glad I didn't when I saw it crash.  Now I wish I had bought when it crashed or even before the crash.  I'm really bad with money historically, but now find myself with a beautiful 3 year old daughter to think of.  I like the strategy/link you posted.  I'm probably gonna go that route.  Thanks for that.
@_date: 2017-07-30 10:16:17
Aptitude is something that falls more inline with inherent potential but doesn't take into account environment factors such as the traditional roles men and woman have played for centuries up until very recently. Last I checked, and it'd be great if had changed already, men test better with math, woman with vocabulary, as a general rule and a portion of that, is often attributed to evolution. 
Again, not to derail the thread, but let me put it this way, so your partner studies studies the differences between intelligence potential between the sexs? Her experience or results are based on a samples taken from where and when exactly? Obviously she has had access to substantial amount of higher education in an environment that was truly way less sexist than the majority of the world for the majority of history, where are her subjects from? Are they from educated, liberated first world countries? Also, how broad is her data base and how far back in history does it go? Are her test subjects educated first world people?
 Or are u saying that she, herself is proof what I said is incorrect? If so GTFO, really? A sample size of one? She's probably better at math than me, and if she is, how do you know she didn't have to study harder than I, or most other men, would have? Does that  mean that most woman are better at it than most men? I mean but hey, maybe it is only an environmental thing and not inherent genetic traits as much as previously thought. But even proving that women have the same inherent potential abilities in math, now, in the first world, doesnt negate centuries of test results, not only in school, but in society. And your partners opinion doesn't  prove anything by itself, especially when measured against the whole of human history. The environment does affect our evolution and thus our genetics, it programs us for survival and thus the way our brains are wired. 
Just so you know where I'm coming from, I have a daughter that is 3. First of all she is speech delayed, yes ironic, but my point is, I wasn't speech delayed, so obviously, I know my generalizations were just that, generalizations. But more importantly my point is this, when we watch TV and I point something out to her she might like, she inevitably asks if she can do it someday. And 99% of the time I tell her, as long as she eats right, studies, exercises, behaves, etc, etc, she can do anything in the world she puts her mind to it. Astronaut, jet pilot, doctor, skateboards, surfing, ju jitsu and so on, whatever, she wants, Ive told her, if she wants it, she can go get it. Recently, I showed her a pro slam dunk contest on TV. She was amazed, and of course, wanted to do it someday. I had to give her a hard dose of truth (exaggerating a bit for effect) and tell her, honestly, probably not, that those dudes were just too damn big, that even if she could dunk a basketball someday, she'll never palm it, and never slam with as much strength and competence as a pro baller. I'd have told her the same thing if she was a boy. If  she wants to play b-ball, have at it. However, if she decides she is gonna shoot for the pros and compete with men or women on that level, she has a significantly better chance of taking a trip to Mars. I'm telling her from day one, to concentrate on things she actually has some potential in, because all other things being equal, why should she be mediocre at basketball when she could maybe be top of the game in soccer or gymnastics. I'm 5'9" on a good day, my wife is 5'6" and neither of us have shit for a vertical or hands that will let us palm the ball and we're both taller than our parents. So between genetic disposition and environmental factors I'd be crazy to let her grow up believing she is gonna be a slam dunk champion. I know my example is long winded and fecitious, but I hope you understand, despite my caustic sense of humor, I think men and woman are absolute equals as humans and I consider my wife my equal partner. We play off each other's stength and support each other's weaknesses and we don't fill our daughters head with unrealistic bullshit. Even if you could convince me that most men and woman have the same inherent genetically predisposed competence for mathmatics now, (and well probably get their someday, but we're not there yet ) you can't change the environment in which we live still today with a few privalaged comments on reddit. 
 Btw, there were no women in that slam dunk contest, not because they are inferior as humans, but because genetic and environmental factors are at work and generally speaking woman are not as good at basketball as men. Overall, intelligence potential, absolutely equal, but still not identical, and not necessarily inherent in the majority of women. It take a few more generations to get there.
 The op is only sexist to a few relatively lucky people living life at the tip of the human pyramid, but to the rest of the world, the majority btw, posts like this are a helping hand to woman.
@_date: 2017-07-30 04:15:27
Why does the hussy pictured above look all heart broken before her husband has actually passed away? Is it because he already knows she's a golddigger and isn't going to explain Bitcoin to her before he passes? Because I would think the simple solution would be to just ask her husband. Pffft, beyotchs man, can't live with em, can't live without em.
Ho ain't even wearing her ring!
@_date: 2017-07-30 04:37:52
Yes I did, many thousands of apalogies, not just from me, but from all my decendent s, from now, until the end of time.
 So your not a woman?
Also where do woman make up 50% of the population? Not China, where Bitcoin is being mined and invested in heavily. How about India? How about someplace like Africa where Bitcoin has a bright future for the poor and impoverished? You think in countries like that where woman are still largely considered second class citizens it's unimaginably that this sort of post might actually do more to reach out to said woman and might be worth the trade-off of alienating a few woman living in the 1st world countries who have so many advantages in situations like this?
Also, you don't have to assume anything I said is true, Google that shit and find out for you self. Not to derail too much, but most grown ups can accept that men are typically stronger physical yet no matter how hard they might try, they will never be able to concieve a child. Why then is it so hard to believe our brains might be wired differently? Math and geometry helps men hunt and gather and plan crops. Vocabulary helps woman raise young children and socialize within a tribal environment.  And just for the record, nowhere have I said that one sex is inherently inferior than the other, nor would I.
Btw, you didn't assume I was a man did you?
Edit to add: Sry for all the grammatical errors, my wife wasn't around to help me polish it up nice and pretty for u.
@_date: 2018-12-30 22:07:23
Meta u/Bartman383. So what do you think u/Bartman383? Is this era the end of a dream or is it a chance to get back in at a reasonable price and build a better future?
@_date: 2017-07-30 04:22:36
Men are typically better with numbers, women typically outperform men with vocabulary. So the man is gonna have 2x difficulty explaining Bitcoin to a woman who doesn't already understand, 1) because he will have a harder time putting his thoughts into words, 2) because she will have a harder time understanding the math. Also, globally speaking, Im pretty sure men still typically control the majority of household income, finances, investments, etc, so there's that. Maybe next time u feel like someone is "mansplaining" something to you, keep in mind what I said, because the man may very well be having a hard time articulating himself and you may very well be ahead of the curve understanding the words slowly trickling from his dumb man-brain to his mouth. Other than that, welcome to Reddit. Bit of advice though, whatever you do, don't click on anything that links you to 4chan and you should be o.k.
@_date: 2017-07-30 10:45:46
Lucky you and your friends then huh.
@_date: 2018-12-30 23:08:39
My eternal gratitude kind stranger. 