@_author: angrydude42
@_date: 2014-03-18 06:31:36
Eh.. There is never invest more than you can afford to lose, and then there is losing a major part of an overall project causing the whole investment to fail.  
Both events are pretty stressful and upsetting.  If I was (for example) building a hosting provider, had a client lined up and contracts set, then invested $100k to buy the servers but the server vendor stole it - I'd be pretty damn upset even though I might be able to afford the $100k loss in what otherwise was a semi-sane business model.
Exposing $80k in risk for a couple days to exchange funds is a lot different than leaving it on an exchange as play money.
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:05:16


Safest is meaningless, as it's not something you can objectively define.  I hate it, but such is life.
Biggest they were probably just fine on.  As far as I know, they still have by far the largest registered user base of any exchange.  Biggest is not defined simply as volume :)  They could simply have the most employees, and still correctly claim "biggest".
@_date: 2014-03-25 10:35:52
I was going to post a comment much like this.  For someone's mother, she comes off lucid, makes good points, and knows exactly when to shut up as the only possible response could be personal/emotional.  She's incredible in this video.
I too hope for a fair trial.  I hope for Ross' sake that he truly ran SR is an ethical manner at an arms length.  That would make the case interesting and precedent setting.
My fear is the government is going to essentially make a case that he's a drug dealer, and nothing but a drug dealer.
So, hopefully he never bought or sold on the site for his personal use, and kept it professional.
And yes, the government is going to be fighting as unfair as they possibly can on this one.  I'm pondering taking a week off when the trial starts just to be able to sit in the courtroom and watch.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:41:05
Trick them into what exactly?  Posting less angry comments on twitter/reddit?
There is no gain by "tricking" anyone any longer, the damage is done.  If it gets acquired (lulz) then great maybe people will get a fraction of their coins back (ha!).  If not, then who cares either way.
Having done (if you can call it that) web programming on the backend (I try to never touch anything UI related ever), I've left comments like this in HTML for the artist to go in and template out.  Most web designers have zero clue about anything other than photoshop and dreamweaver.
@_date: 2014-03-18 06:50:20
This site is ran like I would expect, and I expect it to be ran with good intentions.
Until something really bad happens.  
Then it will be like any other similar site - everyone for themselves, including the site owners/employees.  I'd imagine this will either be a major theft e.g. mtgox, or more likely government action.
Seems to be ran like sites I know of out of Bulgaria.  Seemingly competently but with giving (rightfully so) zero fucks about western laws and finding ways around regulation.  Yes, this makes the friction points generally the interface with the western banks and is likely what will make btc-e insolvent at some point.  I imagine accounts will eventually be frozen by their bank, under threat of being cut off by the banks they in turn depend on for access to the global market.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:16:43


Did you just first get on the Internet?  You can't even beat someone in a DOTA or Quake game without being threatened with violence in some manner.
Start doing something *actually* controversial or unpopular, and you will get so much hate communication you won't be able to think.  This will bother you the first couple times, but after a while you realize it's simply the background talk of the Internets.
I used to keep a folder with death threats from a previous career I had pissing off Internet kooks.  The type that would file DA office complaints, personally attempt to call you a dozen times a day for months, and generally attempt to harass you into submission.  It's really not a big deal.
So yeah, this lady is both a dumb bitch and a drama queen.  Just because you had 4chan pay attention to you for a few days does not put your life in danger.  Grow the fuck up.
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:29:52
Quizup is fun, but has a ton of questions that are outright incorrect.
The best I've come across so far have to do with CIDR "how many hosts are in 192.168.0.4/30" - the answer was 256?!
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:08:34


Ah, someone old school like me.  This surprisingly (to me) is no longer the case, at least for some recent Visa/MC merchant agreements I've read.  Amex I haven't witnessed in a while though.
And yes, it's very frustrating to me as a pet peeve.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:15:22
Definitely true, at least from a 'mainstream' perspective.
I would say it's too early for Amazon to accept Bitcoin - not until consumer-level security solutions come out which are reasonable (e.g. paired hardware wallets which are reasonably secure from electronic threats), and the money exchange portion of the ecosystem matures (and this part of the system = regulation).
So I see there needing to be multiple US-based ways for the average person to obtain Bitcoins in a reasonably safe manner before it even starts to become interesting to Amazon.  But man, it would be convenient and would save Amazon (read: consumers) ~1%+ every transaction.
Bitcoin was basically made (in part) for this: Paying a trusted party over the Internet with cash.  Trusted party then can pass on the savings of not having to deal with payment fraud to the consumer.
@_date: 2014-06-03 03:32:00
Fair enough, well said.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:22:53


Late comment...  But if you're sufficiently advanced in the crypto tech (especially hardware) research field, you're probably almost solely selling to government agencies.  
A crypto company (especially someone well known like L3) on contract to the NSA is exactly what I'd expect to see.  Anything else would be suspicious :)
@_date: 2014-03-24 04:54:45
Yeah... I'm not sure which I'd recommend for the average user.  Coinbase is going to have far better basic security than joe blow's windows machine with 18 toolbars installed in IE.
However, coinbase is far more of a target and you're banking on their competency.  Tough call.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:56:20
Nothing was demonstrated in 2011 that the attackers had any more access to the site other than SQL/database access.  Everything they did during that time, could have been done completely through the frontend of the site + a simple SQL injection attack that let them manipulate balances and possibly admin status.
So it's completely plausible the only attack the attackers had available to them in 2011 was a means to add a ton of bitcoins to their account, and use the regular site withdrawal methods to actually access the "real" bitcoins.  This would explain them crashing the price vs. simply withdrawing - as at the time, you were limited to $1,000 (iirc) worth of btc withdrawals per day.  At $10/btc that's only 100, at .01/btc, you can probably withdraw the entire hot wallet in one transaction.
MtGox lost coins during that hack, but they were extremely lucky a random user bought most of the coins back at 0.01 prior to the attacker doing so.  At that point I imagine there was so much attention given to the site that the attacker both could not get through to add more coins to the account in question (self-imposed ddos), and Mark was on the way towards shutting it down.
At least that's my high-level take on the 2011 hack.  I saw nothing to confirm any attackers had anything more than frontend database access to the site (which for mtgox, was the same as backend database access...).  They probably did not have any direct means of manipulating the wallet, at least no evidence exists to suggest such.
edit: This is also how I would expect the recent "theft" to work too - assuming it's legitimately a long slow draining of coins by third parties.  You find another SQL injection attack, sleep on it, and slowly simply continue adding small amounts of funds (via database inserts) to a bunch of hacked accounts you might have access to.  Over the years, that's a lot of coins if you're able to siphon off a few hundred per day.  You can probably get under any manual or automated red flags, because after a couple months that withdrawal behavior becomes normal.  The fact that in 2011 it seemed to be a manual rollback vs. re-importing their database (the entire ledger!) was a big red flag to me.  At that point, you had no idea if that data was tampered with or not.  I could write a randomizing script that went through everyone's balance and set it to a random number.  I think it's clear MtGox was not up to the task of auditing such events and tracking real balances.
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:12:20


And by using such a service, you eliminate one of the key reasons a B&amp;M business would be using bitcoin to begin with - no transaction fees.
Instead of giving your 2% to Visa, you're giving it to coinbase or bitpay now.  I'd imagine it's even worse than 2% (for your customer) due to bid/ask spread and how those services need to keep enough margin there to account for quickly moving prices.
How is this an improvement, other than offering your customers an additional way to pay?
@_date: 2014-03-18 06:42:21
Man if I were in Toronto I'd be all over this :)
Good deal!
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:45:33
Any possible way the folks who released this are out there?  Would love the actual SQL data dump so queries are easier.  I understand this is huge, and would be happy to host it initially.
Quite possible to simply overwrrite/purge customer names/addresses from the dump prior to release - but having it in easily imported SQL form would be extremely helpful for forensics.
@_date: 2014-03-24 04:47:12
Honestly, I don't think donations for your kind of site would work.  Maybe for a few folks who are REALLY into it, and I can think of maybe 1 or 2 small websites I'd voluntarily donate to just because I like the dudes that run them.
However, I think the better model might be your regular ads for most users that happen across a link via google or whatnot, and have a microtransaction subscription type model to do away with ads for the users that care.  For me, who is not generally into this topic but might find an article or two interesting from an external link - I'm not going to be motivated enough to find my bitcoin client, find your donation address, etc. for reading a single article.  I probably won't even notice you accept donations - btc or not.
Tracking that would be the hard part.  No one wants to register for yet another damned website so you'd have to come up with something intelligent there :)  I have a couple ideas, but nothing altogether that great.
Basically give me a way to just scan a $5 QR code on slashdot or arstechnica or whatnot to make the ads go away for a month and I'd be down with that idea.  I wouldn't spend the time bothering with a site registration when ad block is a button away though.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:29:19
I can't really speak to his motivations, but it's likely much more an answer of "we don't need 500 random vms spun up on aws and 400 on linode" since it's not useful to the network.
If you were to spin up a co-located server at a small provider a node is not yet running from, it would be worthwhile to the network.  This assumes you have more control over things than the typical guy clicking a button to spin up a linode vps.
@_date: 2014-03-08 18:45:11
The judge has to know the bitcoins exist in the first place, and this is not obvious in any way whatsoever to the court unless the information is volunteered.  So far to date, it has not been.
If the bitcoins are not declared as an asset, there will be no prior legal restraint on their movement.  It could be of course argued after the fact they were an asset under protection, but at that point you're just talking criminal punishments vs. getting the assets back so who cares.
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:43:28
Good luck? :)  Hell if I know!  I think this is one of those areas of law that has yet to be really tested.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:12:49
Yep.  Pretty much everything web 2.0 has been trying to either replace IRC or NNTP in some fashion or other.  Either for idiots to use, or for corporate type control.
Nothing has come even close.  Google hangouts is probably the closest thing to IRC there has been, and even then there is no reason for it to exist.  Trivial to make a client just like it, only using IRC as the backend.
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:13:49
hold you in contempt (sitting in prison) indefinitely.  If they want to be especially shitty, hold you in solitary with the minimum amount of food/water/etc. allowed by law until you crack.
Basically a form of slow torture while you watch your life and sanity slip by.
@_date: 2013-12-20 18:39:38
spoken like someone who's never had any appreciable amount of money.
And if you do, then spoken like someone who's never raised themselves out of poverty and had the type of friends spoken about here.  While the narrative that all poor people (in western countries) are poor due to simple circumstance abounds, it's simply untrue.  Most are poor for a reason - horrible life choices.
At least the people I knew "coming up".  Most of those people are gone from my life now, as it was a never ending line of people with their hands out with sob stories.  The few that didn't put their hands out, are the ones worth keeping around and the ones worth helping out when truly needed.  The difference is they don't ask.
Ever wonder why the rich surround themselves with other rich people?  This is it.