@_author: anguschamp
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:03:32
Generally, these rules are pretty similar to those expected of a traditional financial institution so it shouldn't really be a huge surprise to people familiar with regulation. As always however, it's all in the details, and there are some details that should be sorted out to get a better balance between limiting risk and permitting innovation.
The regulators will fit new business models into current regulatory models and modify where required. It's up to the community to understand the regulators' concerns and help provide alternatives to address those concerns if they proposed model is not suitable.
Saying "this won't work" is not providing an alternative. Oddly enough, screaming abuse generally isn't wholly productive either.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:16:10
Ben, thank you for coming on the forums.
In addition to MrMadden's comments (which I agree with), I have the following initial reaction/comments: in short, I feel the current proposal unnecessarily halts further innovation with the possible use cases of virtual currencies beyond a method of purchase.
On my read, the definition of virtual currency and the business activities assume that virtual currencies are all financial stores of value to be used for the purchase of goods and services, however this is no longer the case. Counterparty and NXT are able to distribute assets and shares in a project or business. Ethereum's Ether will also function as a 'fuel' to execute contracts and distributed applications. These, by the document's definition, are classified as virtual currencies.
These are products and use cases around which you may be looking to formalize regulations, however the current exception of 200.3(c)(2) "merchants and consumers that utilize Virtual Currency solely for the purchase or sale of goods or services" does not appear to allow an exception for these uses. Consequently, every user or node involved in these protocols will require a BitLicense, by the letter of the law, as these use cases may not be classified as goods or services.
Obviously requiring a BitLicense for every user or node would severely limit legal innovation on these protocols, and non-currency use cases are where there could be the biggest benefit in blockchain (or other, ie Ripple) technologies. While there are likely regulations that will be imposed, some - eg the distribution of stock - I imagine would be better addressed in separate regulations all together.
Off the top of my head, the most reasonable change I believe would be to modify the wording of the Business Activity to restrict it to activities which leverage the 'currency' use case of virtual currencies. 
I have a few other thoughts which I'll also submit via a formal comment when they open up, but this was the one I felt was the most significant issue.
One another note: it's good to see standard Financial Services industry practices included in this (cyber security, data governance, access controls, business continuity, capital requirements etc), controls I've certainly been discussing with my clients as essential to build credibility and stability in the industry. The key, however, will be whether these rules are enforced on the right parties: at the moment it's too broad.
@_date: 2014-07-19 15:34:59
If people truly see this as a form of cronyism, just establish a bank so you don't need to apply for a BitLicense. Problem solved.
Let us know when you get through the process.
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:06:30
You're spot on, in my opinion. This forum is looking at profits as profits in bitcoin, and the IRS currently doesn't view it that way. 
Do not convert your bitcoin, and you do not need to invest it in USD. It is not considered profit until it is converted into USD. 
I think the wording is fine and isn't 'the most damning', although obviously not ideal. May require rewording to clarify that that will remain the case.
The most damning I believe is the implicit requirement of a BitLicense for all users of second generation cryptocurrencies that are not exempt due to the "purchasing of goods and services" provision: e.g. if you use Ether to fuel Ethereum contracts or DApps you would appear to not have such an exemption.
@_date: 2014-06-14 01:59:32
Can these hard forks occur without the buy-in of the miners?
@_date: 2014-07-19 23:37:35
Firstly, my comment was snarkier than it needed to be - I apologise.
What you say is actually partly my point. Starting a bank is a serious ordeal requiring enormous amounts of capital and massive regulatory requirements. Of course they're exempt from a lighter regulation. I'd certainly prefer to follow BitLicense regulatory expectations than those required of a bank. 