@_author: anifail
@_date: 2013-11-27 07:08:54
Yep, guys lets all buy Netscape IPO, right now!
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:13:10
which is has nothing to do with exchanges and whether the value of an exchange is realized intrinsically.
@_date: 2013-10-11 05:15:40
Extortion victims are not responsible for the crimes of their antagonist. Someone who hires a hitman is an accessory to murder.
@_date: 2013-11-25 20:22:31
Please read *The Theory of Money and Credit*. *Intrinsic* corresponds to intrinsic exchange value i.e. the value of the exchange is intrinsic to that exchange. i.e. it doesn't have extrinsic value based on the marketability of the goods being exchanged. Mises called this industrial exchange, later he called it objective. It doesn't matter. Schiff and other Austrians are marginalists, please stop claiming otherwise.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:50:32
What are your reasons for investing?
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:27:08
But it doesn't, because bitcoin is only being traded for it's marketability. The value of the exchange is indirect (not intrinsic). Mises talked about this and he referred to it in Money and Credit as being industrial exchange value vs. monetary exchange value. Intrinsic is a proper word here and follows correctly from modern language.
Schiff surely understands this, he is just as much a marginalist as you or I.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:59:11
What do you think a bubble *is* exactly?
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:08:56
In a sense yes. But value is not an intrinsic property of a *good*. When talking about *intrinsic* value of gold, you are talking about it's value in a *barter*, where people are **not** acquiring it for it's *marketability* but are instead acquiring it for ornamental or material purposes that they value more over the good they are forgoing. This is called *intrinsic* because the value is realized *within* the trade. i.e. I trade you a sandwich because you are famished and you trade me a brick of gold because I want to adorn my teeth with it. In this exchange, we both realize the value of our trade immediately. With money, there is no immediacy in the exchange. I trade for the brick of gold because it can be exchanged at a later time for what I do actually value. The point Schiff is making is there is no barter value in bitcoin, it can only be traded for it's marketability.
@_date: 2013-11-25 01:42:00
No. A bubble occurs when people invest in a good because they predict the price will rise without a corresponding shift in "fundamental" demand.
For instance, look at the mid-2000's housing market. Housing prices were bid up far beyond rental rates and owner occupancy rates were falling. There was no actual shift in fundamental demand for homes, but their prices were being bid up by investors because interest rates were arbitrarily low.
Bubbles pop because people need cash, so they liquidate. It's not quite "too many people selling", because that wording doesn't capture the fact that there is too much investment in the asset. Before the crash, home flippers were selling to people who saw the homes as an investment because the price was going up, not those trying to live in it or rent it. When people inevitably become cash strapped they must liquidate, but the fact is, there was no real fundamental shift in demand for their investment, only investors trying to sell to the next guy. 
"To see where it gets me" is the same kind of mentality people have when they are investing in asset bubbles. Do you foresee actual fundamental shift in bitcoin demand as a currency? i.e. do you think businesses will offer goods fixed in bitcoin in the future? Do you see wider availability for using bitcoin? Do you think businesses will actually use bitcoin on their account sheets? Do you see an increased desire for people to launder with bitcoins in the future? Do you predict the bitcoin protocol will be more heavily demanded in the future for audited authentication? How do you think current uncertainty in government policy towards bitcoin affects current and future pricing?  Is there really a reason for bitcoin to be valued at $500 or whatever else? Do you know what fundamental advantages bitcoin has over litecoin or namecoin or any other protocol? Or are you just speculating that the price will rise?
edit: didn't see your edit when writing this