@_author: anjansons
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:15:47
I want Kesha to support it, since she's a smart girl despite her facade
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:27:24
Wow... that's a crazy exchange rate right there 978 USD/BTC, a total rip-off... A start is a start nonetheless, though they are probably playing on ignorance of people regarding the price. That's not even Mt.Gox rate...
I would believe that local BTC exchange in Lithuania (or just a Lithuanian version based on localcoins) could do much more for Bitcoin popularity. On the other hand, you will have euro in a year or so, therefore perhaps it is not a very pressing issue.
I believe just a localized localbitcoins in Latvian, Lithuanian and other local languages would do much more for secure and fair price in buying of Bitcoin. Since now many people do not know English that good and also there are not many local sellers perhaps for the same reason... but local bank charges are tiny and the exchange rate would also be much better than those of some greedy money grabbers. I bought mine there with SEPA, but I imagine if there were more local sellers with reasonable exchange rate, it would be a very quick, cheap and secure way of buying them.
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:29:08
yeah, but what's the incentive to start Bitcoin mining in Florida where you do not need heating? 
Perhaps the scale of mining operations will increase in Canada, Scandinavia, Northern USA, Baltics, North Russia- where there's actual snow some months during the year, but... nobody needs heat in lots of places as much. Perhaps they could redirect part of it to partially heating the water, but it still won't be viable in regions where there's plenty of heat. 
The thing is - there's only limited amount of Lisas that can mine bitcoins that way. There's unlimited number of Joes though. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:48:55
Oculus Rift is just one other thing I'm interested in at the moment (have been a fan of VR since childhood, have even written two novels involving VR). 
What I was trying to say is that VR will bring us together even more. And ultra-realistic VR means that parents will want to protect their children from sex, abuse etc. on internet and young guys will not want perverts to flirt or have VR sex with them... So we will need some sort of digital passport that's more official than today's net avatars. As I said, it can be done by governments and other large third parties, but with the political climate we're in at the moment.... how many parents will give out their children's names, age, sex etc. to big corporations?? So Bitcoin protocol perhaps could find a way to make people digital too and be able to confirm certain amount of data about them without disclosing the real life identity.
Of course it's harded than money but I heard some guy (perhaps Mike Hearn) talking about peer-to-peer loans, that would also need some kind of verification that in real world this person is this and that, so perhaps some people who know how to implement it, would be able to put this data into blockchain of sorts without the data being stored by third parties
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:53:49
Can one say me when is much profit from Dogecoin? Such currency! And much! Very profit is promised, but date? Doge is a name.   
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:52:05
I'm not really a technical person but I just believe that in this age when the notion of privacy for many people is slowly turning  into science fiction, peer-to-peer based on algorhythm (not just some guys promising that ''we will protect data blah blah blah'') can solve more issues with privacy than just money transfers and payments online. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 17:26:32
Google ''high fidelity''. They're creating a new kind of virtual world that would be a distributed network... for Oculus Rift and other future VR headset users. Bitcoin could be a good suggestion as the currency of that world (and altcoins could perhaps be different faction used ''state'' currencies). 
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:56:49
heh, I know that I'm not the first person in the world who had this idea, but just wanted to put it in words. As i said, I'm not that knowledgable about how crypto works so hopefully my thoughts are not much flawed.
But I believe virtual reality and Bitcoin and two very important things for the next 5-10 years and will change a lot. Have tried low res Oculus and have 0.1334 BTC. At the moment both can be greatly improved but there's a ton of potential. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 21:32:28
In a way it's good as it encourages you to spend Bitcoin, not just cash out using Bitcoin.... 
On the other hand, if you need money ASAP and only have Bitcoin...
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:24:25
More efficient mining rigs, set up in cold places (where I live, we need heating 6 months per year), also heating water (so you don't pay your bills for hot water or pay them partially). 
It will never be super efficient, but certainly a lot of wasted energy can be cut... If Samsung or LG created mining rigs instead of some wannabes I'd bet they would be much more energy efficient and maybe also useful to heat up homes, water etc. 
I mean, all the profitable mining could just be up North and fed by the solar energy from more Southern locations.  Add more energy efficient rigs and the picture is not that bleak anymore. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 12:27:46
There is one tiny weeny flaw in this idea... the fact that the buyer needs to send overcharge.
If you want to buy a USB stick for 20 bucks from China I doubt you will be much worried about escrow. But if you wnat to buy the new iPhone or a gaming computer, perhaps you do not have enough coins in your wallet for any significant overcharge.... And double the amount sent is ridiculous, nobody will do it. I wouldn't. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 21:30:38
I'm from Latvia and seriously we can't stay behind... We need this here too (though I'm concerned about how secure is it to send Bitcoin keys to e-mail... can't you just print out??)
However, I believe nobody would hack your gmail for say 30 euros in Bitcoin... and you can always just transfer the funds to your ''main'' wallet after you open the e-mail.
Still kinda shaky security-wise. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:13:22
Just as I though. Bitcoin is a great thing but at the moment it's hampered by lack of escrow services and the same famed anonymity...
It's not about money. I will gladly take 0%. And I will not take your money. Check the address of ''Rush'', I sent my 0.09 USD there already from one of my accounts. If nobody participates, I will send it to Sean's Outpost. 
How do you think I can earn with this? If 100 people send the fraction of Bitcoin, it's 9 dollars in my account... for 2 hours of work and constant checking later. Do you reallly think now 100s of people will send 0.09 USD to me. I wish... because that would prove the point even more, that Bitcoin is actually useful.
In other words: Ja nekas nesan훮ks, tad nesan훮ks. T훮da ir dz카ve.
@_date: 2013-12-11 18:58:11
Except in this case it's a lottery where the ticket costs 0,09 cents. And I intend this more as a demonstration of what bitcoin can do. Of course you might think I will steal the funds. Well, as I said... i can only hope this is as successful as to generate any noticeable money. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 21:38:31
Hopefully Latvia too. Though I don't know who uses these terminals really, as they are everywhere here too but I haven't been able to understand what i would gain by using them. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 22:25:31
I bought when them were 1060 USD, granted that was a small amount, so I can't say much. I can very well afford to lose that, but the price is bound to go up... more and more stores are accepting Bitcoin and more and more stuff is built on it. I would understand the pessimism if Bitcoin was stagnating but it's not. Just the price that was inflated by Chinese now is being brought down... by the same Chinese who inflated it.
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:56:47
I will go to Lithuania probably but only in January or February... it's just 300 km from where I live. Living in small countries have their perks. Will test it for myself. 
 
@_date: 2013-12-11 18:48:42
Could this work? What could be possible drawbacks, problems in this? Should I take a cut? 
This was put together in last 2 hours because I love Bitcoin and would like to prove to the general public how revolutionary it can be even with such a simple thing as online voting thingies on forums and music/movie sites... And how easy it is to set it up and run by a complete layman.
@_date: 2013-12-15 22:07:04
I'm not talking about myself, as I said people won't buy thousands in Bitcoin from these terminals... But many regular people won't understand ''money in my e-mail'' thing I would believe. 
Plus, I already have some Bitcoin. And I makes much profits and great success from mine Dogecoin. Doge is future moneys. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:11:50
People always find a way how to deal with the cards they have been dealt. In this case, why wouldn't people still want to allow free flow of capital. At this moment it doesn't happen not because of how bitcoin is scarce (as Bitcoin is still inflationary and will be for a while, new bitcoins are created all the time), but because people have no incentive to do it- new people that go inside the bitcoin economy can buy and buy coins as they like, there's no shortage of demand.
Now if we really come to the point when there's really not so many coins left for people ho would like to start business with them etc. then  we will already have a big bitcoin market with analysts and economists etc. Why is it hard to imagine that when people would be faced with the very threat that Bitcoin economy could go down a bit, they would just dump some of their coins in the free market? 
The fact is, in Bitcoin the money supply is fixed so everyone is responsible for the size of Bitcoin economy... and how much money you have does not mean as much as what you can buy for it. So I don't see any reason why reasonable people holding big amounts in Bitcoin would be ignorant about this economic truth and would just stubbornly keep their coins and not give them to anyone. 
I mean the whole initial rise of price in Bitcoin was based on the fact that people were even GIVEN THEM AWAY FOR FREE. Just so that people would make them circulate. As you are not better off with 10 000 coins at 1 USD price , than you are with 2000 coins at 10 USD price. When we come to a point where Bitcoin economy is stagnating due to short supply of coins, I'd imagine people would just dump them in the free market. I mean that's basically what the bubbles are... lots of people cashed out now during the China situation. Of course such bubbles like this are not really sustainable, but when we get to the point when there's a coin shortage in the economy, I bet Bitcoin won't be as easy to shake too... There might be smaller ''recessions'' caused by this, but I doubt they would take years to sort out like the one we have now. Maybe there will be a bitcoin recession once a year, but it will only take a month or so for the price to recuperate. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 12:49:10
MY COINS HAVE BEEN STOLEN!!!!!
... eer, no, just blockchain maintenance. Sometimes you just have to keep your head cool.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:23:26
I would use it if I asked more than a few dollars from a person. Otherwise it's not feasible yet. Can you imagine for example, that on IMDB. com somebody creates a forum post ''vote for movies'' and then asks 0.09 USD per vote and runs to the escrow agent on that side that takes 0.05 in Bitcoin as minimum fee?
When Mastercoin comes up with peer-to-peer escrow or something that would be as easy as press a button, then people can use this for small amounts of transactions. But how do you imagine I use this if 3 people pay me 0.09 USD each. It's ridiculous.
I made this not to make money but TO PROVE THE POINT that micro-transactions are one of the key usable features of Bitcoin already now. I don't expect that my accounts will even get a buck each. I wrote it all down in my blog post. 
This (if it works) can be a great way to show naysayers specific, concrete evidence that Bitcoins can be beneficial in some areas already and can change the way web works with micro-transactions.
@_date: 2013-12-17 11:52:57
What about Doge? Much profit from trade Dogecoin. Such currency!! Next Bitcoin. 