@_author: anje_studios
@_date: 2018-09-21 17:14:36
What happens when all the BTC has been distributed?
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:28:31
Yeah I get you. Similar set up to Venmo, PayPal or any eletronic payment but users can convert fiat to the crypto of the platform? Whatever method to eliminate the transfer of fiat  (to increase speed, security and decrease traceability) will be highly welcomed. 
I don't think BTC and ETH will be widely spent as a currency for sometime... the high volatility and the idea you will get rich off of it is leading to hodling which will never lead to widespread adoption.
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:25:15
It's great more companies can accept crypto as payment. However does it introduce more clients or help them sell more of their services? It seems like a lot of companies are doing it for the attention or fad. 
For BTC and other crypto to be truly adopted, volatility has to severely decrease (like strong fiat) and people need to spend it. Hodling will lead to deflation and obviously if no one is spending it is not being adopted.
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:02:21
Are altcoin holders watching btc holders?
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:21:29
It all comes down to trust. It has value because people believe and trust it has value, just like gold and fiat. That fact that no one has central control over the currency (which is another topic for debate) is valuable in the eyes of many of its currency holders because it can't be manipulated and the power of the currency is decentralized and rests in the hands of the holders of the currency. However all of this is up for debate because as soon as some own more than others (of anything) the power shifts. The bitcoin platform is powered by miners but the miners are not evenly distributed and their power can be centralized to manipulate the currency.
The truth is the only thing that has TRUE value is what we need to survive. Water will always be valuable. Fiat and crypto will be valuable as long as we can buy what we need to survive with it. It's value can vanish in an instance because it is replaceable and not intrinsically valuable. Hardcore crypto believers will argue that cryptocurrencies are more valuable and useful than fiat for many reasons. The truth is the both have their pros and cons and this is not a black and white world. Each currency has its use and can coexist. The idea that bitcoin will last forever and be the currency of the future doesn't make sense, economics show a limited supply of a currency leads to deflation because people hold on and don't spend it - which has been happening. People think bitcoin can't be as easily manipulated as fiat currencies can... well there is unequal distribution so therefore the power is in the hands of those who own the most of it. Yes, it is not completely centralized like a central bank, but the holders of crypto don't necessarily have the incentive as a government does to keep things peaceful.
My thoughts maybe rambling but crypto is heading in the direction of fiat because it is become centralized and will never be truly intrinsically valuable as we don't need it to survive and there are replacements. 
We are entering a new world of economic thinking however there are standard lessons from the past we can build off of. 