@_author: annihilatedtyro
@_date: 2018-08-01 16:07:59
Awed and terrified the pantsless, mosquito-bitten savages into submission?
@_date: 2014-03-29 02:06:57
I haven't seen TSA screening many post offices regularly.  Mail really is not strictly regulated in practice, although it is on paper.  If the federal government wanted to enforce this, it would cause shipping delays, raise shipping prices, and cost many billions of dollars across the country to hire thousands of screeners and install scanners at every post office, FedEx outlet, and UPS hub.  Translation:  Ain't gonna happen.  Technically illegal, practically unenforceable.
@_date: 2014-03-29 02:03:44
So far, the federal government hasn't tried to enforce the federal marijuana laws in CO and WA, at least on any kind of large scale.  Individual dispensaries are one thing; an entire industry is another.  State laws govern cross-state movement of alcohol; some states, for whatever archaic reason, don't allow some specific types of alcohol being shipped in.  That's a state law issue, not Federal.  As the OP shows, it is up to the buyer to be mindful of the laws in their area.  They can break their own law, and it is up to their local law enforcement to stop it, if they can, or if they choose to.  But by the CO state law governing marijuana sales, any US resident may legally purchase from CO companies.  This does not supercede Federal law on purchase of marijuana, but it clouds the jurisdiction issues regarding the recipients of this marijuana.
The fact that marijuana sale is legal *anywhere* is going to raise a great number of legal questions about what was previous a blanket "if it's got anything to do with marijuana, it's illegal" situation.  The states are taking it upon themselves to change laws, and there are holes in the new laws, for now.
Yes, trading by an overland route is certainly illegal as it would be crossing other states' lines where possession is illegal.  What about by air?  States don't control the airspace, the federal government does, and planes are subject to jurisdictions from either their point of origin or their destination.  If a plane travels from one jurisdiction to another, both of which allow possession, then no crime has been committed (by state laws).  The federal government could try to shut it down, but the states in question would certainly fight it, leading to a long, drawn-out court battle lasting years during which other states are voting to legalize recreational marijuana, and the outcome of the legality question may well be moot by the time it's decided.
Now consider the logistics of trying to stop this.  Package delivery companies do not have TSA or Homeland Security or usually even the DEA standing over them.  The manpower doesn't exist for those agencies to try to scan or inspect or somehow meddle with every single one of the billions of packages shipped every year.  So you can try to overreact with paranoia and expand these agencies and cause shipping delays and increased shipping prices for every company in the country and waste tens or hundreds of billions of dollars doing it when the government's still running mega-deficits and Dems strongly resist further expansion of federal agencies thanks to the NSA.... or not be a dick about it and let people recreate and let the states take charge of regulating this substance, which they are already doing.
It may be illegal, but it has the support of a majority of the country's population and increasing support from both major political parties.  Strict enforcement of the federal law is growing unlikelier by the day; any shutdown of this company or this practice will probably be temporary until laws are passed to address loopholes currently enjoyed by a burgeoning and extremely profitable new industry.
*All that said, I am neither a CO nor WA resident, nor am I a legal expert, nor do I even personally enjoy smoking.  I do follow this issue and legalization/decriminalization movements with interest because I don't believe the time, money, and effort spent to enforce some silly laws are effectual or worthwhile.*
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:57:29
If any of you actually read the article, you'd know the answer of the legality question:


They can sell legally, and, it appears, you can buy legally from them... but if personal-use, non-medical possession isn't legal in your area, once you receive the package, you're breaking the law.
@_date: 2013-10-29 20:52:11
Given the disparity in demographics between typical owners of those two and the newly-minted "blow stamps," it's unlikely there will be much confusion.
@_date: 2013-10-29 20:55:19
Those are naughty-bits coins.  It's OK, we all confuse them sometimes.  /s