@_author: anomalous_luminary
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:10:47
American law student here. I'm looking forward to reading through your website! Would you be willing to consider guest contributions? I'd love to work with you / pick your brain on a few different topics. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 23:18:32
Count me in!
Edit: See below for address and review.
* User Interface: Beautiful, easy to use UI. I appreciate the minimalist design. The app appears lightweight and is a breeze to navigate. 
* Features: I'm intrigued by the in-app appstore. I'll have to play around with this a bit more. I also like the option to add a contact. Its convenient to be able to add a picture next to the name. 
* Overall: I think I'll hold onto this wallet. I've never been a fan of keeping much of my bitcoin on a mobile wallet, but I like the backup and encryption functionality enough to keep a small amount. The UI makes it really easy to send or receive a payment on the fly. I will definitely keep this in mind next time I'm looking to make a face-to-face bitcoin purchase.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:55:22
Thank you for this. It is incredibly well-stated. 
This sub should be honored that the Superintendent for Financial Services took the time let us know whats going on. New York is the financial capital of the world. By being a first-mover with respect to virtual currency regulation, New York not only further legitimized bitcoin, but also created a template for other jurisdictions to follow, which can conceivably lead to increased adoption at a quicker pace. 
While many feel that regulation is ultimately evil, you should recognize an ally when you see one. At all times, Mr. Lawsky has appeared to be an innovative, open-minded thinker. It is far too easy for a politician or bureaucrat to pass or promulgate knee-jerk, damaging regulations that would all but sound the death knell for our beloved bitcoin. These proposed rules are cogent, well-thought out, and - in my opinion - made with a good faith effort to cater to those who are vehemently opposed to virtual currency regulation. 
I implore my fellow redditors to display the decorum and respect that that a politicians, bureaucrats, and industry leaders are accustomed to. Some of the most influential members of the virtual currency ecosystem regularly contribute to this sub. As such, it is not surprising that decision-makers might want to keep us apprised of goings-on or seek our input. Lets continue to accept these opportunities with grace and poise, and keep the channels of communication open. 
Whether you a greedy speculator-profiteer, entrepreneur, ideologue, or just hell-bent at destroying the system, understand that, in our society, change rarely happens over night. We tend to fear what we don't understand. If one of the most powerful institutions in the world is willing to work with us lets use the opportunity to make progress, even if it is small and does not comport with our individual, subjective desires. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:31:09
Mr. Lawsky, you and the DFS did a nice job with this. Thank you for taking a tasteful, sensible approach to regulating virtual currencies. As usual, New York is on the avant-garde of emerging financial products. I look forward to the final draft of the regs. 
To the regular contributors to this sub: I'll need to take a look at SAPA, but I would consider compiling my thoughts as a public comment. I'm interested to hear any complaints from the non-anarchocapitalist crowd. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 20:42:54
Thanks for the tip, kind sir!
@_date: 2014-11-21 03:43:24
Very promising idea. What country are you based out of? I'm curious as to how you are handling the legal/regulatory aspect.
@_date: 2014-08-12 00:24:54
With respect to the tipping point, the next few days are crucial.
@_date: 2014-07-11 13:28:59
Anyone know where I can find more info on this fund? Does it actually buy and hold bitcoin similar to the Winkelvoss ETF?
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:06:02
The fact that we are still waiting for this interview leads me to believe this is going to be a massive disappointment...
@_date: 2014-03-24 20:27:49


Tasteful, intelligent regulation will be the key to bitcoin's success long-term. Without mainstream adoption, bitcoin will continue functioning as a commodity for speculative investors and anarcho-capitalists. The Winkelvoss' efforts to license an ETF with the SEC will do a great deal toward opening the bitcoin up to mainstream financial markets. The recent comments from Ben Lawsky have also been encouraging, especially in the face of the bad news coming out of exchanges such as Mt. Gox and Vircurex. 


There has been a great deal of discussion regarding multi-sig transactions in recent weeks. This is the next evolution of the protocol and will be incredibly important in years to come. Things like escrow agreements will probably make the lawyers' ears perk up. 


I'm looking forward to reading your work; please keep us informed. There is a real dearth of hard-and-fast legal commentary in the cryptocurrency space. 
Any chance you are looking for some help with your articles? I'm an American law student and an early adopter of the bitcoin, and I've been working on a few projects of my own. I'd love the opportunity to help you out / pick your brain on a few topics. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 20:10:07
I'm not intimately familiar with the SEC's registration processes, but I believe that the article is mentioning these amendments to the prospectus to emphasize the pro-activeness of COIN and its counsel. A large part of the approval process is meeting certain procedural requirements. I'm assuming that at least some prerequisites require the fund to disclose material risks that potential investors may face. By keeping up to date on the risk disclosure, the fund will presumably streamline the process by eliminating the need for a back and forth with the SEC. 
My brief experience with securities law is that its a very close knit community. A lot of communication between the fund and the SEC happens via phone call. Some communications are public record, but I have a feeling that a good portion of the stuff we'd be interested in happens confidentially or at arm's length. It appears that the fund has a very experienced attorney, so I have no doubt they will get approval. Lets just keep our fingers crossed that the SEC doesn't drag their feet too much.
I, too, would be interested in some more information if any knowledgeable redditors happen to come across this post. 
