@_author: anon35201
@_date: 2018-11-23 19:37:14
This USD-currency crisis facing us over the next 10 years presents an opportunity for a bitcoin thousand year reign, and poses an existential threat. The threat is that Bitcoin and any other currency that dare declare independence from America's private central bank, is going to get snuffed out like a candle in a dark room.  Bitcoin doesn't work if you go to jail for having them.
However on the other hand, If Bitcoin can hold its own through the chaos and crisis, and climb the ladders emerging from the pit, then it's possible that the US Government may cry uncle and say: "perhaps a currency based on 100% fucking fairness enforced by bulletproof computer encryption is the kind of good-idea as was agreculture 35 thousand years ago, electricity 100 years ago, and industrialized capitalism was 50 years ago. 
Bitcoin may offer the ladder for everyone to climb up to a prosperity never before thought possible.  Industrial revolution part Deux:  You get to keep your claims on futur human labor, ushering in the greatest growth market that makes 1940 through 1980 look like a fart.
Rip that government parasite that's grown to the size of an elephant, why does the economy feel so nourished?  
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:04:02
You got it.  Also another thing is a few months ago Tai let slip out in one of his live videos that he isn't the one paying the rent on his 20 room California luxury Mansion, he isn't the owner nor the renter of his expensive cars, books and numerous businesses and ad campaigns.  Tai makes it look like he did it himself, but he's just along for the ride and selling you on the smoke and mirrors, see: 
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:09:06
I took the course, Tai started from zero in his knowledge about it, so it wasn't the best, but still it's worth the money.  I decided against investing in Bitcoin on account India and China are about to put up a massive resistance to it and they have the capability to destroy it from the inside with access to 51% of the miners. 
I wouldn't have known any of this without Tai.  All the haters on this thread are just mad that Tai is selling the dream at what is now peak bitcoin for the next 15 years while sovereigns start sticking penises in it from every angle.
The hatred on this thread is wayyyyyy oversold.  The guy is selling his knowledge about a phenomenon.  it's a perfectly legitimate business and if you have a problem with that, then you have a problem with civilization itself.  Knowledge is a service, and getting paid for it is a beautiful thing.  Calling him a scammer is just you people having an agenda against him teaching people the truth.  That 2018 is peak bitcoin for the next 15 years based on an erudite analysis of the situation.
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:20:02
You're all just mad because his course sees the world as it is.  The conclusion of his course leaves students with the distinction that India, China and America are going to use their power to hold back bitcoin more aggressively.  (he gets into both democratic and republican congressmen on congressional discussions that basically add up that America is going to work with India and china on limiting the use of Bitcoin).  
You're all just mad as hell because your favorite instrument is attacking sovereign governments, and you're slated for an ass fucking over the next 15 years.  Tai says it, and that makes you angry.
The vapid content is real, but it's this thread that is the goblin hurling obscenities at timeless truths.  the furious ones attacking Tai Lopez are the ones with big positions in bitcoin.  Astute observers will note their hypocrisy and Machiavellian cunning, and act accordingly by using their advice as counter-advice.
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:15:52
Often times you have to scroll to the most-downvoted reddit comments to find the real scoop.  I took his courses, they're very well made, I decided that 2018 is peak bitcoin for the next 15 years on account China, India and America are winding up for a bitcoin smackdown because it threatens the federal reserve banking system.  
Tai is an honest guy after timeless truth and selling education as a service.  I'd take the class again because it would prevent me from investing in bitcoin at the peak euphoria.  After China and India start cracking down on miners and making bitcoin ownership and transfers illegal (this is happening literally now), then bitcoin is going to have a decade of hard times.  It will survive, but it needs at least one sovereign as advocate, and it has none.
All the hate on this thread is wayyyyyy oversold.  His courses are long winded, but they give you the real scoop and the reason everyone is mad is that his Erudite analysis basically says don't buy, because 2018 is mountain-peak bitcoin.  The next decade is flat and down.  
You hate hearing truth, so you shoot the messenger.  The course isn't necessary because the conclusion is that Bitcoin has a tough roe to hoe, but shooting the messenger like this is you being the evil you call out in him.
This whole thread is evil, and one must scroll to the BOTTOM of the comments to find the real scoop.  