@_author: anonymvsnotarivs
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:00:14
The death of Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-05-22 04:57:58
Opinion of some asshole who come from Google and fast registered on reddit to post some shity comment? Yes! You are!
@_date: 2017-05-21 21:56:09
I ask for support to do research of a growing problem with the Bitcoin network. This are not request for donations because my cat died. If this issue is not going to be resolved Bitcoin's future are at risk. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 04:56:12
I don't know what the fuck you are reading but trust me you have something mess in your mind. I have facts on the table. You should check out the mempool. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 00:44:05
Just to be clear. 
BLOCKCHAIN DON'T ALLOW TO EXPORT KEYS! (for a very clear reason: to control you and the Bitcoin network) Let me explain. 
As I said blockchain spamming the network probably because they are a government program. Yes, Luxemburg, EU and generally all governments want to destroy the Bitcoin network. So they come up with the plan to create blockchain with the headquarter in Luxembourg. They now have incredible power over the network so with such practice as today we can see they effectively destroying the Bitcoin network in order to push they own coins and take back the control. Probably in a few year will pop-up some EU coin...
I strongly recommend to abandon blockchain and any other wallets like coinbase and use ELECTRUM Bitcoin wallet  Preferably ELECTRUM should be used on TAILS  (with encrypted persistent storage) and the wallet should be protected by an extremely strong password. Recommended password is made up by 252 random printable ASCII characters.  
If you don't have s script to create such a password you can refresh 4 times and copy random printable ASCII characters from  to generate a password which can maybe than bruteforced in time little over 11.33 million trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion centuries. 
Think in this way; 24/7 since Bitcoin published governments and secret services working to destroy the network. Well if you can't destroy from outside you need to be inside and learn about vulnerabilities.  
Blockchain is problem and my advice to avoid them. They forcing clients to broadcast transactions with low fees slowing down the entire network and probably in one point crashing the system. If the price rises and in infinite points time by time the network attacked by "lowfees" and by manipulating the price due to the fees and the algorithm all previously broadcasting transactions can stuck forever without confirmation! As I said there are priority, who pays more get confirmed. Some of us knows well how to double spend but the client never forget the original spending so basically disrupting the network by clients and central servers by manipulating the fee and price of Bitcoin by news. I guess some people even give up on Bitcoin and moving to alternatives after failing confirmations or takes extraordinary time. Bitcoin should be instant and blockchain and coinbase type companies should be avoided in order to save the network. 
Grab a TAILS and use ELECTRUM  
Do not let your private keys stored or seen by no one else than you! With that you can save the network. Truly dynamic fees NOT a managed one! 
@_date: 2017-05-22 04:52:05
there is no way that you exporting from blockchain. Even when you have the 12 words that giving back addresses and private keys not even related to your wallet. 