@_author: anonximous
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:13:33
Wakeup call: With mass adoptions the majority of users WILL NEVER run a node. Most users simply do not care, at all, not even the tiniest little bit, about running a node. They want to use it and have it be fast and cheap and slick. You know, like it was for most of Bitcoins life.
The users that will run a node will continue to run a node, even if that means spending $75 on a 10TB HDD every year.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:08:07
I get what you're saying but you are looking at it as a technical enthusiast user. Regular users simply won't ever do it. They won't leave their computer running all the time, they won't sacrifice even 200GB of space for it, they won't figure out how to setup everything so their phone can hit their computer remotely, they don't care about some technical security argument. All these things CAN be done but only a very tiny percentage will do it.
At this point blocksize change or not the percentage of nodes compared to users is only going to decrease. The sooner that fact is accepted the sooner we can start finding solutions that aren't based on the prayer that someday and bunch of people inexplicably want to run a node. There is just no way we should be optimizing for the case of everyone running a node because it won't ever happen with mass market users.
That means either A) BTC doesn't want mass market, which means the price is going to crash and likely eventually end up valueless or B) we should not be making important scaling decisions with the hope of keeping the "run a node" bar low for mass market users that will never run a node.
@_date: 2018-01-08 21:57:10
And yet less than 1% of current users have a full node and we all seem to be transacting fine (aside for the currently insane fees and long wait times). From a purely technical level you might be correct but from a practical level that is not an incentive at all. The millions of current users see no value to running their own node and aren't going to do it. You, and the rest of the core devs, should start thinking along that line. BTC will need a solid economic incentive if you expect more than the current sub-1% of users to run a node. Keeping nodes lightweight isn't doing anything and never will.
Also, it sounds like you consider the current network complety insecure? It has less than 1% of users with a node. What are you doing to actively address the problem of the entire network being insecure?
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:34:17
Why do you say it only works if most people run their own full node? I get we need a healthy number of nodes around the globe to prevent attacks and what-not but making the claim that all the casual users need to run one seems like a stretch.
Without direct incentive I think it is pretty safe to say that only a very very tiny minority of users are ever going to run a full node. Heck, I am a technical user and long time supporter and I don't run one. If we look at the stats there are fewer than 12,000 full nodes right now and even Coinbase has 10+ million users (and represent only a fraction of the market). Seems pretty safe to say less than 1% of users are running full nodes and as adoption increases that percent will continue to fall.
At this point shouldn't you guys be coming up with a plan to perhaps incentivize full nodes if the goal is to get everyone running one? Just sticking with the current situation isn't doing anything, people aren't just gonna wake up tomorrow and decide they really must have a Bitcoin full node in their life. It isn't like there are million of people saving their pocket change to afford a $100 computer so they can finally have their own full node, they don't care, don't want one, and never will so why are we trying to keep the barrier of entry low for these people? The people that want a node will still want one even if it costs a few bucks more a month.
I guess I am just a little terrified by this stance. You are basically willing to throw away the value and utility of Bitcoin on the completely vain hope that more people will start running full nodes in the future because you kept the barrier of entry to run those nodes low. Why are those people going to suddenly want to run a node?
@_date: 2017-11-17 03:01:12
Or a tactical move. He knows the Bitmex dump is coming. It is in his best interest to let them dump into an empty market and crash the price then recover it later. If he buys their dump they just put all his money back into BTC.
@_date: 2017-10-25 19:40:27
Would anyone mine BCash if it didn't have emergency difficulty adjustment? I say no, miners won't mine a chain for 2-6 months at a massive loss to get the difficulty to retarget. 1X cannot retarget quickly, neither can 2X. The one with minority hash will likely die.
I don't care which way it goes, I will be in FIAT until it all blows over. I know my FIAT won't lose 50% of it's value in the next month.
@_date: 2017-10-25 21:25:34
Only time will tell. I am just imagining what happened with BCH but without any relief after a few days. It feels like once fees are $50 or $100 or more to wait hours for a transaction the chain is basically unusable.
It will be interesting to see, maybe it truly is the case that no one really uses BTC so no one will notice. The exchanges and what-not will be unaffected, maybe it just won't matter than you can't actually send things across the network.
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:48:05
I am not arguing 48 hours is long enough. Coinbase never said 48 hours to determine who gets the name. If Gemini said that it is silly. I think 48 hours is too fast. However, the approach is still solid, once it is obvious that one chain isn't moving and the other has the hash then a winner can be declared. We shouldn't leave the BTC name on a dead chain if it goes that way.
I would expect the frozen chain to go to 0, not the working one. If it is frozen it is useless. People who spot the trend early will dump everything they already have on exchanges (because you won't be able to move new stuff). The people buying won't be able to do anything with the coins, they can't be moved or used. This cycle leads to a near instant drop to 0 as soon as the market realizes what is happening.
@_date: 2017-10-25 19:33:10
I feel like if 80% actually goes to 2X it will win no matter what anyone does (short of a 1X hard fork to change difficulty and/or POW).
With only 20% of the hash the 1X fork would take over 60 days to get a single difficulty retarget, and that one wouldn't even bring them to a good block time. It might take 6 months for them to fully adjust to that hash power. During that time transaction fees will go so far beyond reason it will boggle the mind. I just don't see how it could actually survive that event. It would be unfair to BTC to tie it to a disaster of that magnitude.
People just need to accept that if one side gets most of the hash that will be the new BTC. Any attempt to fight that is more likely to destroy BTC as a store of value versus actually accomplishing anything.
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:42:47
Though the futures prices has the same problem, that is a tiny tiny minority. It will be interesting to see the real price on big markets like Coinbase after the fork.
It is not hard to imagine if hash goes 80% 2X then maybe price will as well on the open market and that will be the end of it.
@_date: 2017-10-26 12:52:22
No you can dump into an exchange, but since both coins are very unlikely to survive you are taking a big risk. If 2X wins, due to circumstances entirely out of your control, you could have just sold what will be your real Bitcoin for pennies on the dollar.
@_date: 2017-10-25 19:39:02
And if that happens then there will be no problem. I am expected Coinbase will wait until it is obvious. If it has been 15-30 days and the 1X chain is not moving and hash is not moving and people can't transact and fees are $100+ that feels like a reasonable time to say that BTC is now 2X. If 1X can convince miners to keep mining it for the 2-6 months requires then great but the wider market will not accept the chain being non-functional for that long without losing faith in BTC which is bad for everyone.
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:20:45
I think the difference is there won't be any money on the chain they don't mine because it won't function. If 80% mines 2X even for 48 hours that could mean 48 hours where 1X literally can't make a single transaction. That will crash 1X.
@_date: 2017-10-25 14:10:19
Can someone explain why everyone is freaking out about this announcement?
Coinbase said after the fork there will be 2 coins, at some point, when it is clear who has won, the winner will be the new BTC. This is totally reasonable. They are not talking about changing the naming second by second. They are saying it will be BTC and B2X for days or weeks until one chain has a clear majority. At that point the battle is over, the other chain will need to hardfork if it wants to survive, or it will die.
This all seems totally reasonable to me.
@_date: 2017-10-26 14:22:42
If I was trading it and felt strongly as you do I would consider even using the futures market in the day or hours before the fork.
I do expect the prices to adjust insanely fast post fork, whichever network looks to be dying is very likely to crash. Doubly so if it ends up being 2X with 20% or less hash. It can easily gap to 0 in seconds, since it probably won't survive I wouldn't even expect it to hold a low value like BTG.
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:54:48
But why would the miners switch at that point? The old fork would presumably be basically frozen. Without difficulty adjustment it won't be able to transact and won't have value.
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:21:11
Sorry, I am not typing current rather than 1X. 1X is fast, easy, and clear. It is the current chain, but it is also the 1X chain (in a few weeks). I am sorry if it offends your sensibilities in some way.
The other half of that is if the miners can't even get their coins to market the price doesn't really matter. I think it will be a majority decision. Either 80% of miners will do 1X and that will be it, or the opposite. I just don't see it going 80% one direction for a while and then switching.
I might be surprised for sure, it just feels to me that the inability to transact is the kind of thing that can shake the mainstream faith in a currency. BTC only has its current value because of mainstream faith and the idea of a store of value and all of that. If that gets shaken because the network is a disaster for months then it will be a return to the bear dark age for who knows how long.
Worst case, forever, as in BTC will lose that faith, other currencies will pick it up and BTC will simply never recover. Technically, the only thing separating BTC for LTC or ETH or a bunch of others is the current faith and belief people have in it.
@_date: 2017-10-26 13:23:29
Maybe, but keep in mind this fork is different from all before it. No replay protection, no difficulty adjustment, only 1 coin is meant to survive this fork.
In the past selling the fork coin was just demonstrating a lack of faith in that coin and reaffirming faith in Bitcoin. This time selling either side of the fork is actively making a bet, with all your BTC, that the fork will go the way you think it will.
Plus, realistically, if you are completely certain in 1X victory you are gonna be better to sell 2X into a futures market. The lower volume and increased uncertainty is almost certainly making the 2X future price higher than it will be on fork day if miners go against it.
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:52:02
I am not expecting price to follow hash. I am just wondering if the futures price simply isn't indicative of the wider market. No matter what happens it will be fascinating to watch.
@_date: 2017-10-25 20:25:44
The miners speaking worked before mining became a giant Chinese controlled corporate thing. It works fine with GPU mining or POS because people are more capable of making themselves heard.
Sadly, BTC mining has become highly centralized and thus we find ourselves in a war between users and miners. Seems kinda crazy.
@_date: 2017-10-25 21:29:12
You thought way more into the 1X thing. I could not care less about the semantics, it is just a short hand way to discuss it with absolute clarity and minimal typing. It also seems like your semantics apply to 2X, like doesn't it become 2.5X or 4X or whatever with the same Segwit argument? 2X is the exact same capabilities as 1X just with twice the block size. Thus it feels fair to call them 1X and 2X.
If the price holds true once trading starts on the real markets then I would expect the hash to switch, but I would expect that to happen over the course of hours, or maybe a day. Not any kind of long time period.
The whole CEO control thing feels more like a thing that matters to fringe crypto people. Pretty sure the mass market, the traders, the hedge funds, none of them care at all. Maybe I am wrong.
I agree it may be a battle for the future, but in my opinion it a battle for this event to not poison crypto to the mass market. We have had mass media saying it is a bubble, it is a scam, if things blow up and the price halves and it a literal civil war to outsiders it will look like all the criticism was true.