@_author: anonymous_panda31
@_date: 2017-12-29 15:38:57
fork.lol fluctuates in close to real time by extrapolating the current hashrate to the end of the difficulty period. Just yesterday fork.lol said difficulty would drop 1%, now it says increase by almost 5%. If you look at  the hashrate seems to oscillate on some sort of daily pattern (possibly due to lower electricity costs at certain times in places like China) so the fork.lol retarget numbers oscillate widely in the beginning of a difficulty period and then converge to the correct number by the end. Since we're only 394 blocks away from the adjustment the current numbers are probably pretty close to accurate, though hashrate is currently cresting in its oscillation cycle so possibly the difficulty adjustment will be a little lower.
@_date: 2017-12-31 05:55:06
This is actually a pretty big deal. I used to live in China for a few years teaching High School and the cost of living was so low that with my wife and my salaries we were able to build up quite a savings. After we moved back to the states I was able to use the debit card from my Chinese account to just pull the money out of an American ATM for the exact exchange rate (if you asked the bank directly to exchange they took 15% overhead... but the ATMs interestingly enough gave the exact rate) with less than a 1% fee ($3 per $400 taken from the ATM). If we were limited to $15000/year we would have been forced to use something like BTC to move some of our savings. I'm not a fan of the current fees and I'm looking forward to LN, but this is a kind of use case for BTC in which I wouldn't have cared what the fees were if it allowed me to get my money home.
@_date: 2017-12-30 17:40:31
I am a miner. I have several S9s in a pool and now that transaction fees are a large component of each block mined I'm making an extra 40-80% on each payout. If some other miner is spamming transactions to raise the fees, then they are losing money on every payout I receive since I am not spamming transactions. The only way I could see this being profitable is if they are mining more than half the blocks otherwise they're paying out high fees to people like me more than they're collecting them.
@_date: 2018-02-13 00:22:03
Bitcoin.tax doesn't seem to work for mining. I imported a spreadsheet into Bitcoin.tax showing all of my mining rewards and their values at the time that I received them (dumped from Coinbase report) and I correctly set each of those transactions to "Mining", yet Bitcoin.tax is telling me I will owe no taxes on these events. It seems to treat mining rewards similar to buying bitcoin, as if that's my opening position and it will calculate taxes based on the difference when I go to sell. Mining rewards should however immediately generate a taxable event for the full value of the reward at the time it is mined.
I submitted a support ticket to Bitcoin.tax over a month ago and they never got back to me, which is annoying because I paid about $40 for the premium license.
@_date: 2018-02-19 05:28:50
I actually was thinking about this the other day. It may be possible to use Bitcoin on both Mars and Earth at the same time, but it certainly wouldn't be possible to mine them on both planets simultaneously. Below is my reasoning. I think I have a pretty good grasp of how bitcoin mining works but I could be wrong, so please correct me if so.
When a bitcoin miner (we will call this miner Miner A) finds a block (arbitrarily called block 1000), it then propagates the block out to the network. The block height increases by 1 and the proof of work algorithm starts working on finding the next block (block 1001). The hash for the next block includes a reference to the previous block as part of its input. There is however a small network delay before all other miners are aware this has taken place. If another miner (called Miner B) finds a block (also block 1000) after Miner A, but before it knows that Miner A has already found block 1000, then there is a network race condition where each miner tries to propagate its block out to the network. Miner A has an advantage as it started propagating its Block 1000 first and will reach a larger portion of the network than Miner B. Miner B then determines its block to be stale, and starts working on hashing block 1001 using Miner A's block 1000 as a base.
On Earth this rarely happens (it is uncommon but it does happen every once in a while) because the network propagation delay is not very long compared to the 10 minute average time between blocks. If mining were to occur on Mars however the propagation time between the network on Earth and Mars would be on the order of 10-45 minutes depending on where each planet is in its orbit. This would cause stale blocks extremely often (far more than 50% of the time) unless the block size was increased and the block rate was decreased (something like 1 block every 8 hours with 48MB blocks would give roughly the same growth per Earth Day). This however would drastically increase the time to get a significant number of confirmations.
If you wanted to simply use bitcoin on both planets, then only one of them could host the mining network. The other planet (presumably Mars) would have to relay all transactions to Earth, which would act like a broker placing the transaction for you on the Earth network, then notifying you of its status. This would have extremely long transaction and confirmation times and would not be applicable for any small transactions. It would really only be useful for the kind of transactions currently done with bank wires. In addition you could have two separate lightening networks, one on each planet, and then use a brokerage on Earth to settle between them.