@_author: anonyman1492
@_date: 2014-04-15 12:57:14
God damn... You are really that retarded... This is proof. You can sit there silent and let people THINK you're retarded, or you can open your mouth and prove it.  Based on your post, you are more incompetent then I thought was possible.  You actually got scared by the Silk Road closure and dumped a huge chunk of your ipo coins then? When you supposedly had the conviction and the dream to start n&amp;b? Well I guess I should thank you, because I scooped up a large chunk of what you sold.  In fact most of us that have any intelligence bought on that day.
All I can say is go to hell, and fuck you. You are a liar, a cheat, as scammer, a fraud - however you want to put it, that's what you are.  No one in this community will believe you. The only things I now believe regarding you are that you stole from your employees, you stole from the shareholders, you stole from the community, and you stole from the people you were sourcing bitcoins to. You ROBBED us, either through your incompetence or through malevolence. And it breaks my heart to hear you have a daughter.... think about her for once.  The shitty life that you are likely to provide her is conducive to child abuse. Go back in hiding, and when it's time, you'll get arrested and put in the jail cell you deserve. Fuck off.  And leave your daughter be: she doesn't deserve such a piece of shit dad, so give her some peace.
(Note: I lost 0.75btc from this idiot. It's a drop in the bucket considering I have a 3 figure stash, but scammers fucking piss me off...)
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:11:53
Yahoo finance mb's are the most manipulated piece of shit finance forums that I have ever come across.  My home IP address has been banned from the yahoo finance boards for almost 4 years now because I called out a pump and dump before the dump started (stock was JAMN - check out the price history - the stock is a complete scam). I am certain that whoever manages the yahoo finance message boards are colluding with manipulators to swindle the retail investors money.  So many times have I seen one of their boards plastered with absolute one-sided bullshit, while they delete any post that acts as a voice of reason or calls out their bullshit.  They play on the weak investors emotions... Fuck yahoo finance message boards.
@_date: 2014-05-26 09:37:51
You need to contact your bank ASAP and try to stop the withdrawal before it officially posts on your account.  Cancel any credit cards you have linked to paypal.  And let them sue or try and collect on the debt at a later date.
@_date: 2014-06-26 23:25:58
Wow... I didn't think people like you existed anymore.  That's quite refreshing to see someone with such strong moral convictions.... Especially when you're helping a complete stranger online.  Thank you for what you do! I'm assuming your goal is to educate others on safe storage practices - if so, that's awesome!
@_date: 2014-05-20 00:01:54
Only if you want to skip college ;-) ... to the moon!
@_date: 2014-06-24 01:34:44
Hah! Just wait until all the baby boomers start retiring and see how long your beloved social security will last... Right now 13% of the American population is currently of retirement age.  By the year 2020 that number will be 18%.  That comes out to over 15 million more people that can potentially collect social security by 2020, and that many less people to pay into it. It is in no way sustainable going into the future.
@_date: 2014-04-28 23:30:50
Certainly, internet censorship is often performed in the name of defending internet "piracy" and copyrights.  But that hasn't been the most effective... So now they (corporate America, aka, the fed's puppet masters) are now turning their sights on net neutrality. If a product or service (such as an open internet) can't be exploited for mass corporate profit and also be used for brainwashing the public via isolating them in a bubble that eventually feels normal (censorship), then it is attacked and modified and lobbied against until it can be.... What a world.
@_date: 2014-04-20 00:34:04
I sold.  This is worse than the silk road getting busted.  Omg!!! Basically, on the way to the moon we've had a massive structural failure and have lost all pressure!! We must now succumb to the empty void of space. Cryogenically frozen, and now traveling at a near constant velocity in a trajectory that can't be changed.  Yes, we are still on our way to the moon... But if we're all dead, does it really matter?!?!
But really.... When all is said and done, Whoopi Goldberg is pro bitcoin, and that's all I require to join this revolution. No china bullshit/manipulation will change my dedication. To the moon! even if it means dying and being cryogenically frozen in the void of space!
@_date: 2014-04-27 22:33:22
How much did this cost?... Anyone have an idea? I don't see why bitcoin can't do the same.
@_date: 2014-04-10 02:31:28
Don't pay them. Fuck the system... Stop supporting those criminals.  They use your money for evil. Nsa spying, "terrorist" propaganda, borrowing against the global economy - you name it, they do it.  They don't even make laws based on your choice. Legal bribery, AKA "lobbying", is what governs the USA. If you are cashing them out in a way that doesn't leave a paper trail, then fuck it. They won't be able to catch you as long as you're not depositing the money directly into a bank account.  Keep your money. Join the revolution. And congrats on your profits!  
(Disclaimer to all IRS auditors: I pay all my taxes. Fuck you).
@_date: 2014-05-17 23:42:24
Thanks for clearing that up. Doesn't this require some sort of exchange market in order to let participants to convert their CHA to other forms of currency such as bitcoin/fiat/etc? I'm confused by the fact that the bitcoins are burned and will never be accessible again - so I don't understand how people will collect their winnings.  Sorry if it's a stupid question... But the one thing I hate more than feeling stupid, is being ignorant.
@_date: 2014-04-23 23:57:33
While theoretically possible, You would have to be VERY careful with this. The blockchain is permanent- one misstep can come back to haunt you in the future as the bitcoin economy and protocol grow.  For ex: If the Feds know that any of the addresses in the chain of transfers belongs to someone else, this plan won't work. I expect in the future for governments to attempt to record a database of addresses and known/suspected owners. It wouldn't be too hard - they can just require exchanges and brokers to provide this info, and can then extrapolate much more info about the rest of the network. In all honesty, this is probably already going on behind the scenes...
Also, if you attract the wrong kind of attention, you might run into trouble with the irs  (since according to them you are supposed to pay taxes on the fair market value when the coins were mined.)
@_date: 2014-06-21 00:47:37
Plot twist: professor bitcorn is actually satoshi. He dumps a chunk of his million coins, crashes the price, and then turns around and says "I told you so! Never trust an anonymous cryptocurrency again!"  He then begins to push his alternative: a centralized cryptocurrency where big corporations and governments are the only miners allowed.  The system is dubbed "corn coin".
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:39:50
The New Yorker did an excellent piece on asset forfeiture laws several months ago.  In it they describe how once the money and assets are seized, they are divided up amongst local, state, and federal agencies.  The department that makes the arrest gets a significant cut.  And worse yet, the money seized from asset forfeiture is not subject to public scrutiny on how it is used - since it is technically not tax payer money. So many of the offending officials end up getting bonuses from this shit. It's fucking disgusting...
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:21:14
Certainly if you make a large purchase on a piece of property that has to be registered (ie, a house, a car, etc), it might give them a red flag. I believe the statute of limitations to perform an audit is 3 years. If your illegal income is more than 3 yrs old, they I believe you are in the clear.  
I'm at a different point in life then you.  I certainly understand not wanting any trouble - which is why I do pay all my applicable taxes.  But you are at a point where you can tuck away your nest egg, and either tap into it slowly by selling on LCB (or other less-traceable manners of trade) and not report it, or you can sit on it.  If you have a large stash, and if I were you, I would stash it away.  You don't owe any taxes until you either cash out your coins, or you spend them.... Plus college is much more fun when you're broke.... Seriously.  Looking back, that was probably the best part of my college experience - learning how to make due with what you have.  If your stash makes you a millionaire in the future, then leave the country, cash out your holdings into a Cook Islands trust, and enjoy a life of few boundaries.
Regarding what you have already cashed out via coinbase: keep in mind that although coinbase doesn't report to the irs yet, they most certainly will. And when they do, the choice will likely be retroactive, meaning they will have to also report to the irs the previous few years of transactions.  So while the irs at this point in time might not know of your bitcoin income, they likely will in the future. It's up to you if it's worth the risk... Good luck!
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:47:52
on the other hand, how about you give proof that he DID have someone killed.  Oh wait, you have none.  All it took for you to decide he was a murderer was to read a few articles that said so.... articles that based their facts off of unsubstantiated claims from law enforcement.  All this will come out to trial.  He may be guilty, who the fuck knows right now...  But it is fucking sad as shit that you have already made up your mind, but have yet to learn one fucking fact. There's a reason that "Innocent until proven guilty" is one of our founding principles, and people must be "guilty beyond a reasonable doubt".  Or else we would allow your government to persecute anyone at will.  Don't be stupid.  Save your fucking judgement for once you know the facts.  Don't be another ignorant fucking sheep that just believes what you are told....
@_date: 2014-04-10 02:22:50
You're a fan of "Sister act" as well?! Such a brilliant piece of art. And "sister act II".... Don't even get me started!
@_date: 2014-05-14 07:18:29
I think the fact that vice sold a large chunk of their enterprise to Rupert Murdoch (same guy that owns Fox) has probably turned a lot of ppl off.  It just further centralizes the already manipulative news outlets. So much for independent journalism...
@_date: 2014-04-02 20:34:33
What skills or services do you have to offer?
@_date: 2014-05-27 03:49:31
Yeah you can usually cancel or reverse bank transfers as long as you report them quickly.  I've done it before.  Generally all you need to tell your bank is that the withdrawal was unauthorized.  Paypal will probably have a fit. And keep in mind that paypal will may likely try to contact/harass/collect from you in the future. But if you do this, it will give you some time, and you will force them to look more closely at the situation to determine if they actually have a right to reverse the transaction, or instead if the other party is the one responsible. Good luck!
@_date: 2014-07-28 17:42:09
You are correct. I predict that if bitcoin continues to grow in use and applications, the USA will enact laws requiring USA citizens to "declare" their bitcoin holdings - just like they have to do for foreign bank accounts. It will probably be hard to enforce, but in think it is inevitable. I hope to be out of the country by then...
@_date: 2014-08-02 21:57:25
This is a very good point: by not releasing it immediately, it is indicative that his intentions were not fully selfless as he tried to make us believe. If he indeed was able to dig up some damning information against the BF, It makes it very likely that he was also trying to get something out of it and use that info to his benefit.  Drama.... 