@_author: anonbitcoinhodlr
@_date: 2019-05-16 22:00:24
Another silent hodlr here :)
I am also lucky enough to be in this group. Once there I spent a lot of time separating exposer and making sure I had backstops\* in place. I did not want to spend mental energy each day checking prices etc and worrying about what impact that may have on longer term life goals.
For me, I really enjoy working and being useful but historically this was more manual work with little progression opportunity except into middle management which was an area I was not interested in (in the line of work I was in). I am capable but did not have the opportunity to pursue alternative paths (higher education etc), just simply because it was not an available option at the time. This regret has always been with me.
However, long story short,  I was lucky enough to retire due to btc and I am now using my time to pursue a degree (full time) in a STEM field subject as a mature student (I am early 40s). I am fortunate I was also able to purchase my property (hence not in student housing etc) and have the luxury of being able to maximise this opportunity including travel during non semester time. My partner is also able to spend time pursuing her dreams and aspirations with me without the pressure of a repeated income. This in many ways is my greatest pleasure - seeing my partner everyday pursue her goals without constraint.
I actually really look forward to working and adding value again but in my chosen field rather than one that I jumped into from an early age because did not know any better. I enjoy the summer time so I plan to work through autumn and winter and take the spring and summer for myself and my family.
Each day I pinch myself and see how lucky I am. One day I will hopefully be able to give back as much as the community has given me.
\*What did I mean by backstop ? I allocated 10 years to pursuing my education and to get re-established in my new field. To this end I made sure to sustain my pension and fiat savings equivalent at my previous monthly rates for those 'missed' 10 years. I removed all debt and reduced expenses to what a minimum single wage could sustain if everything went completely upside down. I bought a house which fortunately has a good garden (for vegetables etc) incase anything went completely wrong - hopefully I don't have to resort to that ! I made sure I have 12 months fiat cover in the bank immediately drawable at any time as well as some longer term investments. On the btc side I spent time (over the years) registering on several exchanges and keeping good relationships  (all with fiat conversion - Coinbase, Kraken, Bitstamp, Gemini etc) and ensure my limits are all suitable so if anything does require action I have avenues to take. I keep several bank accounts open so I don't rely on a single provider.
Overall, I made sure that if somehow this does all come to a halt then I will be in no worse position except for a few exciting years with many stories of my adventures with bitcoin.