@_author: anon_bitcoin_gambler
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:28:37
I posted this years ago and deleted it, but someone found a cached version. Tons of naysayers and bitcoin haters in the thread. I like to read it for laughs, and undoubtedly they would all say something like "Hindsight is 20/20" if confronted, even though I have believed in Bitcoin since day 1. 
Most people will say anything to convince themselves they made an intelligent decision, even if they missed out on a great amount of wealth which would have involved very little risk.  Indeed, Roger Ver was right, you could have invested $300 not too long ago and be a millionaire today. Not many did. I firmly believe the same is true today. But, how many will do that versus mistakenly believe that they "missed out"?
Just buy and HODL, and ignore the people that don't believe in it.  
 
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:37:40
Limited, known supply and increasing demand. Obviously, demand could drop, and it probably will at some point. But the trend for years has been growth. It is not speculative and can be measured objectively thanks to the transparency of the blockchain. We know demand is increasing based on measurable things like transaction volume, trending searches, number of coinbase wallets created, and other indicators.  To top it off, there is the block reward halving that happens every few years, which means coins will be mined at a decreasing rate, again tightening supply.
People who treat Bitcoin like a stock are clueless. "What goes up must come down" investing logic is like playing 2d checkers with a 3D, VR capable chess set.  The difference is, most of the factors and trends that can influence price are known and totally predictable. Certainly price can go down in the future, and we are vulnerable to centralized exchanges, hacks, and things like that, but those things cannot permanently erase the trends and the fundamentals at work in the long term.  
 
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:21:07
I'm still here. :)
@_date: 2015-08-18 22:06:23
Heh.  Nice work gathering all of them together so we have the entire thought police all in one tidy line-up.  Such obedience!