@_author: anonobreadlii
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:05:16


@_date: 2015-12-05 23:02:04


Not really, worst case scenario billions are on Coinbase with a fixed supply global currency. It's still inflation proof money, without a central bank freely skimming a few percentage points off the top of a society's economic growth year in year out.
Bottom line, seven billion new Bitcoin users is a clear and undisputed victory for Bitcoin. And BTW - if seven billion people adopted Bitcoin tomorrow, we'd be completely fucked without sidechains, LN and voting pools. Stop resisting the inevitable.
@_date: 2015-12-05 22:51:09
Sidechains like RootStock and [Stash]( voting pools are going to be a better option for the world's most impoverished. Bitcoin exchanges could be fully integrated into sidechains or voting pools - enabling people to withdraw directly to a near zero fee environment while maintaining full interoperability with Bitcoin's blockchain. Should users ever accumulate a balance high enough to justify saving it in cold storage, they could withdraw to cold storage trivially.
@_date: 2015-12-05 01:21:20
700,000,000 more people adopting Bitcoin would be incredibly bullish for the price of BTC. Let's charitably assume the price is $100,000 under this scenario.
We're currently paying miners about $60,000 per hour. Hence we'll need about 0.60 BTC in fees per hour to afford the same security, and 60 BTC in fees per hour to have 100X the security.
At 1MB blocks and 3 tps, capacity is 180 transactions per minute or 10,800 transactions per hour.
At 10MB blocks and 30 tps, capacity is 1,800 transactions per minute or 108,000 per hour.
Hence, at 10MB blocks and to support 60 BTC in fees per hour - which at a market price of $100,000 per BTC is equivalent to paying miners *$6,000,000 per hour* - each transaction would need to pay on average 0.0006 BTC in fees - valued at $60.
Average fees under this scenario could be a standard $20 with just *30MB blocks*, and that's assuming we need to pay miners 100X more than we're already paying them for them to do the same job. It's very likely that others would speculate the market price of Bitcoin would be higher or lower, and that miners would need to be paid higher or lower - but the bottom line is we certainly don't need gigablocks even under a global takeover scenario.
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:25:25


Not really. If most people are using the blockchain to make subdollar payments on a daily basis, it's a sign people are widely using Bitcoin as a dual payment system and settlement system. Forcing Bitcoin to be two different things at once will predictably and considerably bloat the software.


Why would you feel handicapped so long as you could move your money cheaply in and out of cold storage, from and to layer-2 protocols? The most handicapping aspect of Bitcoin for me is blockchain bloat.
@_date: 2015-12-12 01:43:36


Thank you so much, and what a breath of fresh air that post was. Incidentally, I recently had a difficult conversation with [quote](




Guys, honestly - if BTC fees were $1.00 in 2011, would that have prevented you from investing in BTC? What if they were $1.00 in 2012? Do fees even *matter* next to network effect, liquidity and BTC's extremely rapid appreciation in value?
@_date: 2015-12-02 00:41:16
I'd accept BTC payment over LN and I have a *really* difficult time believing you wouldn't.
Do you suggest BTC payment over LN "isn't bitcoin"?
Bottom line: the world doesn't end if low value payment processing happens on LN instead of a general purpose distributed ledger.
@_date: 2015-12-12 01:51:07


Because BTC is consistently appreciating in value over the years, it's incredibly hard to see *any* ROI from investing BTC, let alone spending it on consumerist bullshit - dunno if that's what you're selling but if so- good luck if you're not on Silk Road.
Do you prefer inflationary currency notes? Put your money where your mouth is. Invest in Freicoin. Oops - and no offense to Freicoin - it turns out that when you have competing moneys in the global marketplace, inflation doesn't actually appeal to investors. Inflation only works when you *force it on investors* through predatory monopolies.
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:53:10
It's not like one day 100% of bitcoin transactions switch over to LN, leaving 0% of activity happening on chain. [Supply and demand](
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:25:46


These examples aren't exhaustive.
I only went back two years to make it clear transactions get stuck even when blocks aren't full.
@_date: 2015-12-05 19:35:40
Would it really be so bad if you had to deposit BTC in a particular open source client side wallet to get access to cheap, instant payment processing?
Who exactly is spending their BTC in tiny amounts with any regularity? And who of *those* of people would be morally opposed to God forbid downloading a LN or OT wallet? What stops you from putting $700 in a Rootstock sidechain over a 30 day period to handle your daily payments? Is that really so much worse than a credit card?
@_date: 2015-12-01 18:27:54


Because if your coworker sends you an RBF payment, he's defrauding you every time.
No, your acquaintances and trusted associates will not steal from you just because they send a payment RBF.


What stops you from building the next SatoshiDICE on payment channels?


You simply can't compare a general purpose distributed ledger to VISA. It's a clear apples to oranges comparison. If you want instant confirmations for instant delivery to your users, look at Streamium.io or JoyStream. They're on payment channels *already* and are addressing a much larger market than Shapeshift.
No one said selling coffees on the blockchain for zero fee is a natural born right.


This is yet another plea along the lines of: "but what if all the hypothetical uses of Bitcoin can't happen on the main blockchain"?
They'll happen on sidechains, LN or voting pools. That's what.
And I might add, scaling by LN, voting pools and sidechains is nowhere near as bad as having multinational Corporations run all the nodes in datacenters.


Right, and for the low value payment processing, we'll have Venmo for Bitcoin or Authorize.net for Bitcoin built on voting pools or LN. You'll never have to cede control of your private keys with LN, and you'll get a full refund minus the mining fee if anything goes wrong. It's really not the end of the world.
@_date: 2015-12-01 20:18:12


Imagine your close business associate is repaying you for lunch. Bitcoin's blockchain is congested but he still wants to "fire and forget", so he sends you the payment with RBF just in case he needs to bump the fee.
He's quite intentionally using RBF - and he's not out to steal your lunch money. He's your acquaintance, not a thief. Wouldn't you allow a close acquaintance to pay you by check? It's very much the same situation.
@_date: 2015-12-05 23:23:57
Coinbase to Coinbase is still better than a traditional bank account, because no longer do you need a central bank and no longer do you bleed money to inflation.


What ever happened to *let's plan for success*...
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:32:25
Fee management alone won't prevent your wallet from creating an accidental dust output - leading to a stuck transaction.
Nor can fee management alone guarantee fast inclusion in congested blocks. What if the fee is correct, but new demand comes pouring in?
@_date: 2015-12-05 23:19:53
Stash is like Coinbase but without the need to trust Coinbase with your money. A federation of M of N oracles holds your coins in a massively distributed multisig pool.






As opposed to sidechains, with Stash, Bitcoin transactions are essentially PGP powered. There's no blockchain at all, and you prove your balance to the voting pool with a signed message. The message you sign locally on your PC is subsequently countersigned by an Open Transactions server running as part of the pool. is the expert on this.
Importantly, voting pools enable time tested web scaling techniques to be used to grow a standard server application to a gargantuan userbase, but critically, none of those users need to trust their money to a third party.
I would have absolutely zero issue entrusting a voting pool configuration with $700 for daily spending, for example, as it's certainly no worse than a debit card attached to a bank account. Voting pools were after all designed to be like banks but without having to trust the bank with your money.
For more on this, see [Lex Cryptographia](
@_date: 2015-12-05 00:39:50
I'm sorry - did you agree or disagree with the statement from the LN authors that 100MB blocks can support 7 billion people using Bitcoin. Because if you agree with the LN authors, then you also agree 10MB blocks can support 700 million people using Bitcoin. Do you dispute the fact that Bitcoin will be SIGNIFICANTLY more decentralized if 700 million people are able to use it with blocks only 10MB in size?
@_date: 2015-12-01 19:49:05
It's rather unfair to draw arbitrary distinctions over what serves whose purposes in Bitcoin. For example, I like having a main Bitcoin blockchain with the absolute minimum bloat - that's working for "my purposes". What's working for your purposes? Can you elaborate?
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:35:25
I bought Bitcoin so I could buy coffee while feeling pretty good. DIRECTLY FROM COLD STORAGE mind you - if I have to buy my coffee from my LN wallet or my OT nym, Bitcoin is a failure.
Had I known I would need to - painstakingly - move my coins from one account in cold storage to some OTHER account on LN before I could buy coffee, this whole thing would be pointless. Why even own Bitcoin if PayPal is willing to buy my coffees for a cheaper fee?
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:55:52


No signup is needed - you'll generate the private keys exactly as you do normally in your Bitcoin wallet, and use these private keys to sign Bitcoin transactions.
But similar to how you can't use Tor without connecting to the Tor network, you can't use LN without connecting to the Lightning Network. In an onion routing configuration of LN, similar to [Tor Bridges]( you would connect to the Lightning Network through a bridge.
Once you have a connection established with the bridge, the bridge connects you to relays which can bounce your payment destination around to similar relays, akin to how [Tor Relays]( work.
As your payment hops around the relays, intended for the recipient, each LN relay partially decrypts until an LN exit node is found. That node will know how to route your payment to your intended recipient.
OP, it would behoove you to further consider OT, launching as [Stash](


It's like Coinbase, except without depositing any money and it includes smart contracts. OT hubs are likely to launch before Lightning is ready.
@_date: 2015-12-01 18:23:27
Would be nice to get Erik's thoughts on this addendum by &gt; It is important to understand that units of a settlement network represent money, they are money. If settlement is achieved, then those units represent a monetary base. In our existing system, cash and central bank credit represent this base layer of money and, as such, the settlement layer.




and [another](


@_date: 2015-12-05 02:48:14
Let's now assume the price is $500,000 per coin, and to be charitable to miners we'll say they're demanding *still* 75 BTC per hour at those prices. They're after all practically guaranteed to be multinationals at that rate, and surely they'll be providing a *truly tremendous* amount of hashing power. For the record, we're assuming miners demand being paid 1000X more than they're receiving today at a coin priced over 1200X higher.
We can *surely* assume mining will continue to be *at least* as viable as it is today if coins are $500,000 each and 75 are being given away per hour, for a total of $37,500,000 per hour.
At 10MB blocks - constituting 108,000 transactions per hour - each transaction would on average have to pay about $350. Clearly 100MB blocks would be justifiable under such a scenario for fees of $34.70 which while pricing out low value payments isn't unaffordable by Western Union standards for medium and up sized payments. With 700,000,000 people adopting Bitcoin at blocks no bigger than 10MB, Bitcoin is *surely* competitive with Western Union for the convenience factor of it alone.
Under 10MB blocks, a dedicated few will be able to run a full node with *today's* technology - no problems at all. Hence we will have the utmost confidence in Bitcoin's decentralization since nodes will survive anything, on just about any ordinary computer, using cable or better internet connection.
And with 30-year-from-now technology, it gets even better - confidence in the money grows, and now everyone in the world is able to sync the full blockchain in 5 minutes flat- so now we don't even need sites like Blockchain.info - everyone has that on a home PC in perfect privacy and can do whichever things possible with Bitcoin also in perfect privacy - for a fee.
In addition, this will create an extremely competitive market for full nodes - *at least* as competitive as SPV wallets today if not more competitive. For anyone who wants a greater diversity of nodes, this is an undisputed grand slam victory.
Competition around full nodes will result in *fluorishing diversity* of node wallet software, and the network's resilience and security will be unchallengeable in the marketplace.
All this for a $35 fee to move your coins in and out of cold storage. It's bad for on-chain micropayments and other ideas that have no real users today. They can do all those things on sidechains, LN and voting pools
Meanwhile most people will continue never to touch the vast majority of cold storage BTC and will care far more about decentralization.
@_date: 2015-12-12 02:06:06


Wow, do you mean to say *another* Bitcoin business is having trouble convincing investors in a disinflationary commodity that they should part with their investments - potentially at a loss - to buy whatever bullshit is being sold to them. OMG I'm shocked!


As a long term BTC holder, I'd have no issues whatsoever accepting BTC in my business - BUT I would need to withstand accounting for any BTC sales as a % loss on margin, because I'd accept it and hold - I wouldn't want to accept and respend it.


And yet the physicality of gold means it can't be civil asset forfeiture proof unless you spend tons of resources hiding it and guarding the hiding place. With Bitcoin that's a whole lot easier. In addition, it's much easier to transport BTC, liquidate it and to use in trade especially anonymously online. Bitcoin is a perfect fit for a litigious police state.
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:21:33


[Wrong]( This is a pervasive and common complaint by new and experienced users alike.


Can you be any more vague?
@_date: 2015-12-02 06:50:01


Banks own your money.
Lightning Network never touches your money.
Why would a LN bridge deny your connection, and on what grounds?
@_date: 2015-12-01 19:14:28


This is fundamentally down to how you view the blockchain ecosystem. Can there be one central "Star" blockchain, with sidechains and overlays around it?
If so, then we NEED a functioning fee market because the demand for block space at the center of gravity in this ecosystem will always outstrip supply.
How are we supposed to arrive at a fee market without the ability to bid on the fee?
Without RBF, this vision is dead in the water.
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:03:23
1. Your solution probably costs over $50,000 - this is unaffordable by ordinary people
2. Because of 1, organizations will run the datacenters controlling all the nodes
3. Because of 2, government can regulate node software
This is bad for Bitcoin's decentralization.
The best you can do is argue that it isn't as "bad" as scaling with LN or voting pools. As if it's far worse to God forbid deposit $700 on the Venmo of Bitcoin or the Authorize.net of Bitcoin so you can shop at your Coinbase or BitPay retailers who care nothing about bitcoin and in fact only care about low processing fees which is a perfect match for a layer-2 protocol.
"Nodes in datacenters" isn't just harmful to decentralization - it's just a piss poor way to allocate communal resources. Low value payment processing isn't what people buy Bitcoin for, and if they do need low value payment processing, then they can do it on LN, voting pools or sidechains.
@_date: 2015-12-01 18:41:55
Definitely - let's forget about highly disruptive tech on the immediate horizon. In fact, let's instead fast track a 20 year economic plan that irreversibly harms Bitcoin's single most important value proposition. Great plan!
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:55:28
Bugs during transaction construction happen even in today's most popular wallets. It's quite rare - but RBF solves this problem.


If you'd bothered to read the user complaints I listed, "longer" refers to greater than 48 hours in many cases. Your stuck transactions can become stuck for quite literally *months* on end if you do nothing. As Bitcoin becomes more popular, there's an ever rising chance for certain transactions to become stuck in limbo making RBF *that* much more critical.
@_date: 2015-12-01 20:59:22


orly? This [happened 1 year ago](


[Another from 1 year ago](


[2 years ago](


[2 years ago](


[2 years ago](








If only there was a solution to this...
@_date: 2015-12-01 16:54:58


What if fees for BTC originally were $1 in 2011? Do you suggest Bitcoin would be meaningfully different? Some people already pay $0.30 fees today - and they aren't about to ditch Bitcoin.
Yet you suggest a $1 fee would create "an elite group of users" ... ?
Indeed even a $20 fee is the price of cheap vodka. While you wouldn't want to settle low value payments constantly at that price, at a $20 fee level on a $700 payment it's a *3% fee*. On a $300 payment it's a 7% fee. These fee levels while not great, certainly aren't unprecedented and again the $20 payment itself is the price point of cheap vodka.


It reminds me of this recent post by Slush "guise we're selling coffees on the blockchain this our natural born right and we need more block space" - well that's because the Authorize.net of Bitcoin - or the Venmo of Bitcoin - doesn't exist. It's not because selling coffees on the blockchain is sensible!
Please don't kill Bitcoin because you want to be successful doing what's been done in the past.
@_date: 2015-12-05 00:32:52
First, if you assert blocks *can be* 8GB, you commit to safely supporting blocks of size 8GB. Hence, if you can't safely support blocks of size 8GB, then your cap can't be 8GB.
Second, LN only needs 100MB blocks *for 7 billion people* to use Bitcoin. 700 million people can use Bitcoin with **10MB blocks**. In addition, at 10MB blocks, there's a MUCH stronger chance ordinary people can sync full node wallets in five minutes flat. This is quite a bit more realistic than churning through 5GB of new blockchain bloat per hour on a home internet conection, as would be the parallel of 700 million people supported by 800MB blocks.
@_date: 2015-12-01 19:43:10
Software elitism? The authors of Golang are chastised over that constantly.
@_date: 2015-12-06 01:55:47
No problem justus.
@_date: 2015-12-01 20:06:49
During times of high congestion it's likely many people making full blockchain writes will be bidding on block space with the RBF mechanism. This doesn't mean they're trying to scam you.
@_date: 2015-12-01 18:59:28


Bitcoin is the cutting edge of the cutting edge. If you thought you could rely on a cutting edge piece of beta software's behavior ... beta software means nothing about that software is stable or set in stone.


You can do a SatoshiDice over payment channels. See Streamium.io or JoyStream.


I'm sorry, but the developers of cutting edge beta software have no obligation to coddle you.


[Good software takes ten years](
Compare Electrum to Google Chrome.
Compare MyCelium to WhatsApp.
All current Bitcoin wallets have *ample* room to grow.


This is exactly the type of overly cautious orthodoxy you'd expect to see coming out of large bureaucracies. There is no point handicapping Bitcoin development just because yesterday's technologies are temporarily acceptable by today's market standards.
@_date: 2015-12-02 00:52:53


Let's ask about this. This [happened 1 year ago](


[Another from 1 year ago](


[2 years ago](


[2 years ago](


[2 years ago](








If only there was a solution to this!


Do you suggest Satoshi would think LN was a *joke*? That sidechains are *garbage*?
I beg to differ. General purpose distributed ledgers have costs inherent to their design. It isn't wise to ignore these costs - Layer-2 protocols are a faster and cheaper means of processing low value payments without sacrificing censorship resistance.
You too can deposit $300 into the Lightning-powered Venmo of Bitcoin. You'll hold the private keys the entire time and if anything bad happens you get a full refund minus the miner fees. In the future, this will be how most people make instantaneous zero fee cryptocurrency transactions.
@_date: 2015-11-29 23:23:58


Real world utility - like civil asset forfeiture proof wealth storage?
How about inflation proof wealth storage?
How about opening up your money to the world of sidechains, voting pool bazaars and trustless LN payment rails?
You can do most of that making at most ten transactions costing you in the worst case a "whopping" $200 per year.
@_date: 2015-11-29 22:28:50
If you'd close your wallet after Bob's RBF shows up in your wallet unconfirmed, then you agree RBF doesn't *kill* zero conf. You're in agreement that zero conf *still works* for certain use cases regardless of RBF.
Indeed, certain use cases are fine for zero conf with or without RBF. For example, coworkers or trusted acquaintances paying you with RBF are fine for zero conf, while unconfirmed high value transactions were never fine with or without RBF. In those cases, nothing changes.
The argument seems to be on merchants accepting *low value* payments with zero conf. But low value payments don't need Bitcoin's fullest security protections - they're *low value*. The Authorize.net of Bitcoin built on voting pools or LN would work just as well if not better due to vastly improved anonymity, minimized fees and truly instant confirmations.
@_date: 2015-11-29 04:32:14


Does it?
1. Regardless of RBF, in a face-to-face retail setting, I would accept extremely low value zero conf payments from unknowns - and would only ever adjust if it became a problem
2. Regardless of RBF, in a face-to-face retail setting, I would accept low to medium value zero conf payments from people I know and trust
3. Regardless of RBF, and regardless of time or place, I would never accept high value zero conf payments from anyone
All of this is true with or without RBF.


Umm, no. I'm continuing to accept zero conf payments from friends and associates regardless of RBF.
@_date: 2015-11-29 22:21:20
And I repeat, Bitcoin investors routinely pay far more than $1 in fees to obtain BTC. Please can you stop pretending that $20 fees are unaffordable - you probably paid that much to obtain your own coins. It's the price point of cheap vodka.
@_date: 2015-11-27 18:30:15


If you're investing your life savings into Bitcoin on a cash LBC deal, work with trusted sellers in a safe setting. Wait for at least one confirmation. Honestly I don't think that's too much to ask when so much is on the line. And the seller should be making $100s of dollars on such a large and rare deal, hence even stipulating the seller stay put for 90+ minutes seems completely within reason.
It's less than obvious to me how getting defrauded will permanently eliminate a person's interest in BTC - unless they're defrauded of *all of their life savings*. Regardless of RBF, would you bet your life savings on less than one confirmation?


They're simply doing a piss poor job of monitoring their cashflow if *all* of their bitcoin sales are fraudulent.
And besides, are *all* of their customers criminals? How many people are paying them in bitcoin in a retail setting without being caught on camera? Do scores of your previously angelic customers all the sudden want a criminal record?
@_date: 2015-11-25 21:17:20
FYI @_date: 2015-11-30 16:06:02
Do you suggest only Corporations earning at least $50,000,000 per year will be able to afford running a full node? Please describe how nodes run by "large and medium sized" Corporations is at all resistant to government demands. You *do* understand that if it gets that bad, it's because nodes are extremely bloated - and so bloated you'll never be able to run one on your home desktop?
@_date: 2015-11-30 21:55:13
You stated quote:


I emphatically agree.
But can't the government discourage or even *ban* Corporations from facilitating operation of unsanctioned nodes in datacenters under their control?
Perhaps this is more a question of whether you trust the government when it comes to money.
Suffice to say, there's certainly precedent for heavily regulating Corporations economically critical to the survival of a society, and nowhere is this more evident than in the **defense industry**.
If you want Bitcoin to be worth TRILLIONS of dollars, isn't your goal to make Bitcoin economically critical for a society?
Putting all the nodes in datacenters creates a clear central point of failure which fatally and irreversibly compromises Bitcoin's decentralization.
Finally - and directly to your point - if a datacenter costs $700,000 to build and everyone *has* to use those datacenters, how does that constitute "economic diversity"?
Specifically, the owner of the datacenter - 9 times out of 10 a Corporation - is subservient to government demands, hence ceding power over datacenter policy to the ruling party.
Hence it is only to the extent the courts and the Corporation itself allow the Corporate clients to enact their *desired* Bitcoin network software, that any Bitcoin network software can be run.
The government will be able to ban unsanctioned Bitcoin software when all nodes run in datacenters. They'll have even less of a problem identifying miners.
@_date: 2015-11-29 22:07:31
Might as well be multinational Corporations then guise. I'm glad that's settled.
@_date: 2015-11-29 05:49:07


True, but then you're also using a credit card to perform the checkout - not a general purpose distributed ledger. Meanwhile, the merchant is using a payment gateway like Authorize.net - you're not making a direct payment or even sending a *wire transfer*.
And the merchant in most cases still has to ship you the product. For high value items, the merchant simply shouldn't ship the item before the BTC payment has at least one confirmation - I sincerely doubt this alone is enough to put an end to high value online direct P2P Bitcoin payments.
Finally, Authorize.net "but with Bitcoin" isn't the blockchain - it's an interface on top of a voting pool or LN connected system for rapid payments at nearly zero fee with guaranteed service levels and uptime, all without ever having custodial control over customer funds. That way you can have your one step checkout without any hassles or inconvenience. A general purpose distributed ledger will simply never excel there on its own.
@_date: 2015-11-28 23:01:54


Speaking from experience - because that takes an unknowable amount of time which results in users becoming enraged and confused. If you still doubt this, you should just make a transaction on purpose that gets stuck.
@_date: 2015-11-23 08:00:25


At any time, there's the potential for a user to switch to a full node - which offers unmatched privacy and security for cold storage. When routed over Tor, it's difficult for anyone besides a State level adversary to even *know* what you're doing - and no one will ever learn your individual Bitcoin addresses at large because you'll never in any way shape or form broadcast that information across the net.
IF it's the reality that there are only 10 nodes left - who runs them?  What happened to all the other people who want maximum privacy and security? What happened to the startups? Are they outsourcing their nodes to a handful of Corporations?
If that's true of nodes and with how horrible mining centralization is today, truly - how is 10 Corps running Bitcoin any different from 1 Corp running Bitcoin? NSA PRISM's had an effect on 9 of the largest US tech companies. Could Bitcoin ever be safe from meddling if its key users amounted to a couple dozen megacorps?
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:55:05


Yes, and that should be fine for larger value transactions where instant confirmation takes a back seat to finality of settlement.
Block times follow an Exponential distribution, so no matter what you try, you still have no guarantee of a timely confirmation with full blockchain writes.


This seems over the top. Do you have a plausible scenario in mind?
@_date: 2015-11-30 18:09:58
I've been pushing big blockers to produce formal [Techempower]( style performance benchmarks for quite some time now with predictable denial. Most seem to be ok pushing the idea that testing 8MB blocks on testnet is all we really need to do, likely because a vanishingly small percentage of them care in the slightest about an ordinary person's ability to run a full node.
It seems to me the overwhelming majority of big blockers have an unspoken agenda to remove the block size limit - decentralization be damned - meanwhile the loudest of the bunch point fingers at Blockstream for having the opposite unspoken agenda over RBF.
Bottom line, it's better to let the market sort this out. If you think low value payment processing is the future of cryptocurrency, then frankly I can't wait for you to dump all your BTC and leave the space forever.
@_date: 2015-11-25 17:21:38


It's honestly amazing to see the amount of verbal abuse trolls dish out to the mods.
You're openly accusing people who disagree with your viewpoint of being paid under the table by Blockstream, OIOW that this is just one giant Blockstream conspiracy.
Do you believe I work for Blockstream? Do you believe ALL moderators are working for Blockstream? I imagine you of course have copious amounts of hard evidence - or hell even just plain good arguments - backing up your point of view?
@_date: 2015-11-27 19:55:43


What's so bad about Bitcoin 2.0 happening on merge mined sidechains? Can you give me a single example of a Bitcoin 2.0 project with more than 10 actual users? And I mean *actual users*, not astroturfers.


How would the Bitcoin blockchain with its Exponential distribution of block times *ever* provide you with predictable confirmation times? It's a 10 minute interval between blocks *on average*. For guaranteed confirmation times, you need a dedicated payment platform like voting pools or LN that can make explicit service guarantees.


Can you look at your wallet balance and intuit the cost of sending any amount of BTC, because I can't. Even if the software existed for this, fees vary based on latent market demand *and* on your transaction's input sizes. The former is unpredictable and the latter unintuitive at best.
@_date: 2015-11-23 22:46:33


Impossible - even with 8GB blocks - you're having a fee market if billions adopt Bitcoin. It's simply unavoidable - which is why critics of gigablocks often point out that XT is just kicking the can. XT proponents then criticise the fee market as if gigablocks will assuredly avoid it from happening. It sure makes you wonder if the real agenda behind XT isn't [lifting the limit completely]( to "avoid the fee market"- decentralization be damned.


Fund your LN account with $700 and at a $20 miners fee that's a 3% fee. After that you pay next to *nothing*.
Ebay sellers pay Ebay [10% of all sales]( That's certainly more than $20 and look how popular Ebay is.
You people act like $20 is some world ending "extraordinary" fee, then you go pay $20 to ship $100 worth of bullshit to your home.
Isn't it a little more important to have a currency outside the purview of government? Isn't it important such a currency not be run behind the scenes by a handful of megacorps in datacenters?
And we won't see anything close to $20 miners fees without - at a minimum - [66X more people adopting Bitcoin](
@_date: 2015-11-29 22:05:48
If your coworker Bob sends you an opt-in RBF transaction to repay you for lunch, are you really going to sit there with Bob - wallet open - until it confirms? That seems utterly unnecessary. The man wanted to pay you and you sit right next to him for crying out loud.
If OTOH, you have anonymous internet users paying you for products, wouldn't you have time before shipping the product to wait for the payment to confirm? And if you wanted to do instant digital delivery like Streamium.io, wouldn't payment channels be faster and cheaper?
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:48:44


Such as?
@_date: 2015-11-19 21:25:57
Without real world performance benchmarks, what you're espousing here is pure *conjecture*.


Then why can't you or *anyone else on XT* **produce a formal benchmark**?
How can you claim gigablocks will be "just peachy" for home users of full node wallets - without *any* real data to back up your claims?
Please, do benchmark the initial blockchain sync sized 2,920 GB, which is how large the blockchain will be after only 60 hours of 8GB blocks. We're already seeing a single block that takes 30 seconds to verify. Do you think you'll be able to sync 60 hours of 8GB blocks in a month's time?
I think not - not with today's consumer hardware anyway - but I'm willing to be wrong. I just want to see more performance test DATA, and less posturing.
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:25:21


Exactly. Block *times* are ~~a [Poisson distribution]( an Exponential distribution, regardless of block *size*.
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:57:17
It's almost as if general purpose distributed ledgers have a cost.
In fact, it's almost as if comparing a general purpose ledger to VISA is blatantly comparing apples to oranges.
@_date: 2015-11-25 20:33:46


This is plainly circular logic. You're accusing Greg and Pieter of coordinating censorship with the moderators based on your *feeling* - as evidenced by the way you started out this circular sentence quote "**I think that when** ... accusation ... accusation ... accusation".


But based on what you THINK they're doing, right? Not what you have EVIDENCE of.
You started off your post by saying "I think that ..." and you end up by "concluding" they're "up to no good".


Guise: "Since we know profits are bad, and that other people like profiting, it's likely that they're all profiting from this!"
Look, you just said you're not accusing the mods of working for
Blockstream - so what's it going to be? Is this all some giant Blockstream


Greg's position on this has **since 2011** been that the block size is a deeply, profoundly political issue due to the extreme tradeoffs involved. This is not even REMOTELY comparable to a surprise piece of legislation, and I find it mildly reviling that you even tried to make the comparison.
@_date: 2015-11-19 21:44:18


Let me get this straight. *Adoption* will "slow" when fees rise? Why are fees rising if adoption is slowing?
The rest of your post is just fearmongering.
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:58:50


In which case, I can't imagine you've ever accepted a check for payment.
You can't even verify the check won't bounce until you take it to a bank!
By your logic, your customers paying you with checks would have to wait until you go to the bank before they're allowed to leave.
Retail payments involve some amount of trusting that the person paying you isn't trying to rob you. If many of your customers are trying to rob you, Bitcoin is the least of your worries. Maybe get their faces on camera. Maybe enact policies to prevent criminals from entering your store. Force untrusted new patrons making suspicious buys over your store's value threshold to wait for at least one confirmation. Or have them pay through LN, a voting pool. God forbid they pay you on Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-11-27 21:43:39


It exists [already](
I'm sorry but to go from Peter's rough proof of concept to something easily useable by ordinary people takes time - for instance by the time billions of people adopt Bitcoin, I assure you someone will have built it into all major wallets seamlessly.


What you're describing here is the ability for people to scam others out of money. In the real world, theft and robbery is no fad - people do it to **make a living**.
Do you suggest double spending will be no problem at all in Bitcoin if billions of people adopt it under the RBF-hostile fork?


Seems like an odd business decision to build up confidence values around Exponentially distributed block intervals that always run the risk of double spends. I also vehemently reject the proposal to depend on Corporations to provide these proprietary services as the basis of face to face payment security. Kiss your privacy goodbye all so you can afford Doritos-on-the-Chain. Trivial value payments don't need Bitcoin's fullest security protections, is there something you find especially repugnant about depositing $700 on tomorrow's LN wallets or voting pools?


Are you an optimist, because I don't see why you're so optimistic people won't figure out how to automate double spend exploits. Even the proprietary, Corporate solutions aren't infallible.
@_date: 2015-11-29 21:44:58


Surely we can expect exchanges to continue charging a value-added fee regardless.


That wasn't my point. My point is $1 isn't unaffordable to ordinary people - that's what's so ridiculous. People routinely pay $20 fees to ship $100 worth of goods to their home. This isn't a high enough fee to bar entrance into Bitcoin - in fact Bitcoin investors routinely pay this much and MORE just to obtain BTC in the first place.


I *want* to use Coinbase? I don't *want* to use Coinbase - I'd much rather use a voting pool so I don't have to trust my money to the bank - but then again using Coinbase really isn't the end of the world. I'm not sure how you can argue it is especially when the fee to leave Coinbase is affordable by ordinary people.
@_date: 2015-11-23 07:31:27
We didn't see any particularly astounding developments in SPV, but I'd be surprised if we didn't grow the userbase some and gain new startups - why aren't "we" running more nodes? Could it be because SPV is so much easier OIOW that full blockchain syncing is difficult for ordinary users as of today?
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:58:00


Depending on network congestion, mining fees paid per byte, and dust outputs, transactions can become stuck for weeks and even *months* on end.
While months of waiting technically isn't "forever", it's still a terrible misfeature according to many who have experienced it, and turns out this can be definitively solved with opt-in RBF.


Sure, it's just a question of how much you value your own time. Would you rather have access to your coins *now*, or at some unknowable point in the future.
@_date: 2015-11-23 06:26:50
Sure there are altcoins. What use cases do you suggest Bitcoin stops catering to when fees hit $20? What about a Bitcoin with sidechains? What if you could trustlessly fund your LN account to the tune of $700 and never have to pay a fee again until you replenished your account balance?
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:22:46
Streamium.io is using payment channels to provide similar functionality as ProtocolTV. Why couldn't ProtocolTV use payment channels in the future? It would cost users even less and payments would confirm much faster.
@_date: 2015-11-24 04:46:59


**If you're not paying for it, you're not the customer - you're the product**.
Your money, sent for "Free" will be inflated, surveilled, and policed. It can be confiscated and frozen, and to use it you'll have to entrust it with a third party.
And besides if Bitcoin mining fees hit $20, at least 66X more people would have to adopt it, and the price would skyrocket. Yet you suggest that means Bitcoin is a *failure*?


You're clearly making this argument in bad faith. Need I remind you Bitcoin is a civil asset forfeiture proof, disinflationary currency liquid in EVERY COUNTRY? Try doing *that* with your bank balance.
Wise guys...
@_date: 2015-11-29 20:50:30


If you truly believe only the "big pockets" can afford to pay a $1 fee or even a $20 fee, then shouldn't you also be in disbelief over the number of new Bitcoin investors? Every single person who has invested in BTC paid at least $1 in fees somewhere in that process of obtaining BTC.
To buy BTC in 2011-2012, you had to make a wire transfer to a sketchy bank account in Japan.
Sorry, but a $1 or even a $20 fee is nothing that can't be overcome. BTC's true value is as a disinflationary civil asset forfeiture proof digital gold, while we can use sidechains to do all the whizbang hypey shit and [voting pools]( Coinbase or LN to do micropayments and "Venmo for Bitcoin".
Now is that really a *worse outcome* than multinational Corporations doing all the mining while other Corps run all the nodes in datacenters?
@_date: 2015-11-28 18:00:50


Small business owners undeniably accept regular checks - and it works
most of the time.
And sorry but accepting cashier's checks [isn't any different in practice](










Gee, that sounds *so much* easier than waiting for a confirmation /s.


Imagine you're transferring BTC to an exchange with opt-in RBF enabled. How is this ANY different from the exchange's perspective? It *isn't*. Because they're not accepting your deposit until it has several confirmations anyway, they don't have to care about any of this - none of this even affects them.
But how about paying for coffee with opt-in RBF enabled? You'll get served your coffee instantly, just like normal. If you then try to double-spend your coffee guess what, **you will be committing a crime**.
It's a crime no different than paying with a stolen credit card, or a fake check. It's stealing from the merchant. Bottom line, most people aren't thieves. Turns out law enforcement is a good enough deterrent against petty theft most of the time.
@_date: 2015-11-29 22:52:31
Exactly. And most of these merchants are just using Coinbase or BitPay - they're not accepting BTC. To the merchant, the sales pitch isn't "allow your customers to pay you directly" - it's cheaper transaction fees and oh by the way magic internet money.
Seeing as this is the case, what difference would it make if to use a BitPay merchant, you had to have a LN wallet? Is that really such an enormous hurdle that it would implode Bitcoin acceptance when the merchants DOING all the acceptance aren't even "accepting" BTC?
@_date: 2015-11-25 17:25:49


First, do you have any specific examples in mind of a promising BIP censored by Pieter and Greg?
Second, do you have any qualifications whatsoever that would suggest you have the skills, knowledge or abilities to safely modify a low level P2P networking daemon upon which a multi billion dollar economy has been built?
@_date: 2015-11-30 05:10:58
I used to be optimistic about Bitcoin 2.0, but it's just not happening yet. If you depend on a court of law to enforce property rights, and the court of law doesn't yet respect the property rights as shown on a blockchain - what purpose does using the blockchain serve?
@_date: 2015-11-20 02:48:24
Rising fees represent a growing userbase, and a strengthening network effect.


No, as more people adopt Bitcoin, the network effect grows stronger and fees rise, enticing more people to adopt bitcoin, resulting in a positive feedback loop. Hence the fee level will only *stop* rising if the block space is expanded or the network effect dissipates.
@_date: 2015-11-25 00:29:56
What's your opinion on this?
@_date: 2015-11-30 19:14:26


Unfortunately you can't remove blockchain bloat by decree or by BIP.
As far as blockchains are concerned, you can oust the policy but you can't oust the history and the associated bloat.
@_date: 2015-11-28 21:50:33


The fact of the matter is transactions with very large inputs in bytes, or accidental dust outputs, will become stuck regardless of block size.  The network need not be congested whatsoever for transactions to become stuck.
- 1 year ago: 
- 1 year ago: 
- 1 year ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
And that's just *a small taste* of the anecdotal evidence which spans back over several years.


Even today, BitPay and Coinbase don't authorize bank transfers to participating merchants while the customer's BTC payment sits unconfirmed.


I genuinely don't see what's so bad about depositing $700 on LN or a voting pool, for low fee - low value payments. Bitcoin is digital gold, and more people who own Bitcoin hoard than spend which is positively expected behavior in a disinflationary economic system.
@_date: 2015-11-20 20:29:24
If you and everyone else are running a node at home, while BTC payments are happening over LN, voting pools and sidechains - does this not constitute peer to peer money?
Large BTC purchases will always be able to afford the $20 miners fee.
BTC payments over sidechains, LN and voting pools are at least 80% as good as BTC payments over the mainchain for low value payments.
@_date: 2015-11-27 22:09:44


And it didn't intend to.
That's what the blockchain does.


Career criminals will double spend merchants on a RBF-hostile fork just the same as they'll do on one with RBF.
How does RBF change anything? Just because you can commit a crime, doesn't mean you *will* commit the crime.


Merchants will accept all types of payments so long as the payment arrives. And if the payment doesn't arrive? It's the same end result as credit card fraud. If you can't afford being defrauded out of a high value payment, wait for at least one confirmation.
@_date: 2015-11-27 20:34:16
A loophole doesn't have to be drop dead simple to exploit before thousands and thousands of people are trying to exploit it.
Tell the world population about a loophole that lets them get free shit and if just 0.001% try it, it amounts to 10,000 attempts per day at minimum.
And that's if you assume only 1 person per 100,000 people would try this every day when conventional theft averages more than 27 per day per 100,000 people in many parts of the US.
@_date: 2015-11-30 17:13:35
Forking to an altcoin is the only amicable solution to this debate. The two sides' visions for Bitcoin aren't *incompatible* - but instead look past each other in irreconcileable ways.
From my perspective, it's deeply unfortunate how many big blockers *insist* that making low value payments on the blockchain is a natural born right and without that bitcoin "dies". I insist more BTC value is tied to cold storage than payment processing, and that a network simply can't be P2P if you can't actually be a peer on that network in absence of plentiful resources. Meanwhile big blockers seem to cheer a future where only $50,000,000/yr medium to large sized Corporations can run full nodes.
Ultimately, the outcome will be splintering the network effect even further. But the real benefit is pitting the two visions directly against one another on the open market. Big blockers: here's your chance to put your money where your mouth is.
@_date: 2015-11-29 23:18:10
Was this just a meta comment, or were you trying to make a point?
$20 isn't so steep - so "GARGANTUAN" and preposterous - than an ordinary person can't afford it. It's literally the price point of cheap vodka. Stop acting like that prevents you from using Bitcoin - because it doesn't.
@_date: 2015-11-20 20:38:26
It was *you* who suggested home desktop Bitcoin nodes will perform flawlessly at 8GB blocks TODAY. You seem to think a fast internet connection is all it takes to process a 2,920 GB blockchain. Your analysis completely disregards the time it will take to sync a 2,920 GB blockchain, which is how large the blockchain will be after only 60 hours of 8GB blocks.
Based on the bravado you display towards gigablocks, one can only assume you think syncing TODAY's lightweight core blockchain is "easy", when the fact is full nodes are at an all time low due to how DIFFICULT it is to run one as opposed to an SPV client.
If it's so "easy" to sync today's blockchain, and if it's so "easy" to sync a 2920 GB blockchain with 8GB blocks, why don't you publish a formal performance benchmark? Is that such an unreasonable demand before committing to a *20 year plan*?


This is officially the big blocker's version of pumping LN, but with substantially less working code.
@_date: 2015-11-25 19:05:31
In a nutshell, you don't believe Pieter and Greg are unfairly influencing Core, and you don't have anything in the way of qualifications to work on Core. No offense, but why would any Bitcoin holder *want* to see unqualified people haphazardly modifying the low level P2P networking daemon?


OK, now you're back to claiming Pieter and Greg are *unfairly* influencing Core? Do their past contributions stand on their own merits or don't they?
And how is MIT sponsoring Gavin and Wlad in any way less of a scarequotes "threat"  than Pieter and Greg - long time core contributors - starting a for-profit company themselves? We can speculate as to what MIT's agenda is just like we can speculate about Blockstream. And as much as I love seeing the brand name "MIT" backing Bitcoin, they're a much MUCH larger organization and much better connected to all kinds of big government and corporate initiatives.
@_date: 2015-11-23 07:05:43


Ehh ... wallets are good don't get me wrong - but they're *no Google Chrome*.
I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if an up and coming wallet had 90% marketshare in five or ten years - exactly like web browers in the early days. So far we haven't seen that.
Yes - you're going to be able to deposit $700 and float that balance *trustlessly* - never putting it in the hands of a third party. You'll pay nearly nothing on fees until you deplete your balance and again have to recharge the balance. Leading wallets will deliver these caching layer accounts to users at an exceptionally high quality while those that don't offer as much will bleed users to the ones that do.
@_date: 2015-11-30 05:41:38


If you have a large block cap that can't be safely filled, then what's the point of having the cap? Before you can claim the blocks *can* be safely filled, you have to first test your assertion. If you're unable to stomach the consequences of fully testing your assertions, your assertions are likely unjustifiable.
@_date: 2015-11-23 22:56:30


But why won't Anonobread think of the children?!
@_date: 2015-11-24 22:59:58


Altcoins are in no way comparable to fiat currencies, and fiat currencies are in no way comparable to Bitcoin.
How insane it is to trivialize the act of investing in an altcoin which have notoriously high volatility as consequence of having little to no adoption by users, and paltry developer mindshare.


Volatility, a shortage of developers and having no users simply aren't problems limited to those with a libertarian viewpoint.


The government can simply levy your bank account, no questions asked. To get Ross Ulbricht's  money, they had to send a crack team of armed thugs to knock him out of his chair - and even then they only got SOME of his money, due to his piss poor opsec.
@_date: 2015-11-30 15:46:20


8GB blocks have never been tested. You can't link me to a formal performance benchmark **because there isn't one**. It's not because you're being censored - the data simply doesn't exist.
@_date: 2015-11-27 17:47:45


You can write fake checks, and you can pay with stolen credit cards. You just have to be willing to criminally defraud local merchants - just like you have to be willing to commit a crime to defraud a merchant who accepts BTC.
@_date: 2015-11-29 20:11:51
Do you suggest Bitcoin would be any different today if fees were originally $1 instead of a fraction of a penny?
In addition, seeing as the original Satoshi Bitcoin client was a GUI Windows application anyone could run on a home PC, do you suggest Corporations running all the nodes in datacenters is true to the original vision? What if those nodes are run entirely by Bitcoin banks, meanwhile mining is done by multinational Corporations? Without actively culling blockchain bloat, do you understand that by advocating for gigablocks this is what you want Bitcoin to look like in the future?
@_date: 2015-11-19 20:12:16


Flash is closed source. Merge mined sidechains, LN and voting pools A) aren't "products" - they're **open source toolkits**, and B) aren't all Blockstream inventions. Voting pools are developed completely outside Blockstream with zero overlap, LN wasn't authored or even co-authored by Blockstream. Open source collaboration and the particulars of it are not in the least bit similar to Adobe Flash development.


I guarantee you this is the type of low content, flame bait trolling the mods previously were banning. Sidechains are now Adobe Flash? Just, no.


Full node wallets belong to the user - not to the Corporation. You shouldn't NEED a complex datacenter deployment strategy to run a full node because that almost *entirely* defeats the purpose of having the node, and kills decentralization without which Bitcoin is worthless.


Civil asset forfeiture proof, fixed supply disinflationary currency liquid in EVERY COUNTRY - for a fee.
Being a disinflationary currency outside the purview of government, Bitcoin brings considerable value to the table. Next to the inflationary fiat currencies on the verge of collapse, Bitcoin is quite good even if it costs you $20 to withdraw it from an exchange to cold storage or vice versa.
@_date: 2015-11-28 22:04:40
Yes, you do lose in either case. But 30 day after-the-fact chargebacks can be justified for a plethora of reasons and literally *anyone* can talk their way out of paying part of a credit card bill. Just by calling up the credit card company 30-90 days later and making up bullshit, you too can get your money back.
Now, how is that even comparable to - within *10 minutes of buying a product* - making the conscious and willful choice to defraud the merchant?
The chargeback phonecall is a little white lie anyone can get away with, while the latter is bonafide criminal behavior no different from stealing. And for crying out loud, it happens within ten minutes of the transaction - do you suggest this thief isn't on camera or in the immediate vicinity of a local retail store?
@_date: 2015-11-30 01:14:27
This was a very well written critique, and highly commendable at that.


Retail usage is a special case of individual usage. Charitably assuming the retailer is a Bitcoin user in a post-fiat world, he's figuring out a way to accept BTC from his customers. If that means he needs to install Authorize.net for Bitcoin, so be it.
But in today's world, most retailers are working with Coinbase or BitPay. The retailers don't care to accept BTC, they care to process payments for a low fee. In which case, would it really be so bad to have a LN wallet for access to BitPay or Coinbase merchants? Nothing important is lost by doing this.


Right, and at 10,000 attempts per day - it's on average 300 successful double spends per day - but let's say the merchant is contracting with a proprietary SaaS provider such as BlockCypher. Now there's a big chance BlockCypher protects against MOST of the ones that get away.
But there will always be successful attempts, and regardless it doesn't seem prudent or in the spirit of Bitcoin to have to rely on a trusted third party to safely accept payments. It sounds like this policy rewards large Corporations under heavy regulatory scrutiny - while giving mom and pop shops little other alternative but to contract with similar Corporations for protection.
But this pales in comparison to the importance of *having the ability to bump your fee*, and just strikes to the heart of this debate. You simply can't have a healthy fee market without RBF fee bumping. If you can't have a fee market, then you need gigablocks and you need to stuff all of this payment processing shit into the core of the P2P network bloating it SUBSTANTIALLY in size.


What small business owner has the skills or excess capital to afford their own "risk mitigation strategy" for payments? No, they'll have to buy it from a payment processor. And if they're going to be dependent on a payment processor in lieu of accepting BTC as normal - why aren't they also willing to accept payments over LN? If they just do that, we don't have any of these problems. It strikes me as a simple, workable solution that keeps the core of the network highly agile.


I doubt if the mantra of "cheaper fees" is how Bitcoin really "makes it" in retail. Rather, Bitcoin will hit retail like the iPhone hit enterprise customers. The customers THEMSELVES will have invested in Bitcoin because it is a better base currency than fiat, and after that they're obviously going to figure out a way to accept it at their place of business, be it on the blockchain with a wait time or through an Authorize.net for Bitcoin solution.
@_date: 2015-11-19 19:21:09


sent from Microsoft product, by person who has never written a SLOC
@_date: 2015-11-23 06:38:46
As fees rise there will be rising incentive to distribute pooled mining rewards over payment channels. In addition, at $10,000 per coin 0.4 BTC is worth $4,000. A $20 fee to move $4,000 would be 0.5%.
And I agree - nobody is willing to pay high fees in the context of normal, low value payments. But wouldn't you agree low value payments don't explicitly need 100% of Bitcoin's security? What if you could fund your LN account with $700 and never pay a fee again until you had to replenish the balance?
edited to specify pooled mining
@_date: 2015-11-29 21:35:47


Says who?


That would be more plausible if Bitcoin Unlimited didn't exist or if the majority of big blockers wouldn't vote to remove the limit in the blink of an eye.


Please, do produce a formal benchmark of 8GB blocks. You can even have it easy and test syncing a 2,920 GB blockchain, which is how large it will be after only *60 hours* of 8GB blocks.


If you're able to pay one entry fee, why would you suggest you can't "afford" to pay that fee in the future?
Sorry, but you must've forgot to describe who the "hundreds of thousands of individuals" are who invested in Bitcoin for the low fees - while of course paying those low fees to obtain it. What possible use *is there* for Bitcoin where you would have nothing but dust outputs in a wallet?
@_date: 2015-11-23 06:15:12


If you're going to to want cheap and instant remittances at some point or another, couldn't you justify making a Lightning account and funding it in advance with a few hundred dollars? A $20 fee on a $700 deposit is less than 3% - which while not great isn't too bad. From then on, you pay next to *nothing*.
For more "casual users", voting pools will be cheaper still.


I think there's some truth here, but I've lost count the number of times someone has said "In the future, when we're all using Bitcoin I'll do XYZ BBQ".
1. Most people are holding Bitcoin as an investment - not as a currency.
2. Satoshi hasn't moved his bitcoins in over 5 years.
Once more merchants accept Bitcoin, it changes how often you spend BTC, quite clearly - but then it also changes the way you pay. Would you want to make a low value payment from a $5,000,000 Armory wallet? If you own 100 BTC and the price hits $5,000 you're going to want to diversify out those coins so you don't end up revealing your wealth to potentially the wrong people.
Aspects like anonymity, speed and cost of payment become magnified in face to face settings, but there are definitely things you and I are willing to pay a $20 shipping cost on, or a $20 fee to the DMV. There will always be major purchases that you can justify a $20 fee for.
Especially expensive things - which you'll be able to afford if 66X more people adopt Bitcoin as an investment. The first 1,000,000 people adopted Bitcoin as an investment - why wouldn't the second?


I agree, and we can speculate as to how large we could justify raising the block size to. My point is, if fees ever actually *do* become $20 - it doesn't mean Bitcoin has failed. It means Bitcoin has succeeded beyond belief.
@_date: 2015-11-20 00:05:21
Satoshi hasn't moved his bitcoins from cold storage in over five years. Most of us are similar, rarely if ever touching cold storage BTC.
Even Bitcoin exchanges - undoubtedly the second most popular use case for Bitcoin - hold *their own coins* in cold storage.
And sophisticated users, like exchanges, divide BTC into spending and savings wallets. You're probably not putting *100%* of your BTC in cold storage, but close to it.
Upwards of 90% of BTC is held in cold storage today. This is not only the norm, it's expected behavior of any disinflationary currency system - one that rewards saving over spending and investing. Satoshi's Bitcoin is a paradigm shift in the way people save and spend money - and the case in point is Satoshi's own wealth held in cold storage.
@_date: 2015-11-30 19:37:44


By introducing prohibitive resource requirements to run them?
Big blockers are clapping their hands with joy over $50,000,000/yr Corporations running these nodes. You call that economic diversity?
And is your only comeback this vague hopeful notion that home desktop users will be able to process 40GB of new data PER HOUR in 30 years? You're betting Bitcoin on Moore's Law, but **Moore's Law isn't a law of nature**.
@_date: 2015-11-30 19:00:11
The only benefit I can detect of Company Zero's governance structure is in providing political folly to big blockers. Perhaps you have more information to share.
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:27:24
Beautifully stated. has a [fine addendum](






and [another](


@_date: 2015-11-19 18:40:02


Do you suggest **only** the block size limit is standing in the way of mass adoption? Where are all the Youtube videos of people *crying in the streets* over how they desperately want to flee fiat for BTC, but "woe is me I can't afford to withdraw it because fees are $20".
If people really were this desperate to buy BTC, wouldn't trading volumes be exploding? Wouldn't there be more social media activity around Bitcoin?
And a $20 mining fee is a 2% fee on a $1000 withdrawal. Are we really preventing mass adoption by imposing a greater than 2% fee on people who aren't willing to invest a significant amount into BTC?


In what world does Lightning overtake full blockchain writes? If fees are rising, *more* people are interested in making full blockchain writes, not *less*.
@_date: 2015-11-29 21:03:19
Do you think it's "normal" of most computer users today to replace a hard drive every couple years just to keep up with a piece of software?
This, and notions like demanding people maintain industrial network connections leaves Bitcoin in a place similar to assault weapons today, where just the fact that you're using it is a red flag - it's enough for a politician to draw a line similar to how they make these weapons off limits to civilians.
And that's the best case scenario where ordinary people can afford to keep up with a blockchain growing by over 40 gigabytes per hour. Such a vision is clearly schewed towards datacenters - destroying any privacy you would've gained by running the node at home.


Not only is this alone unbelievable to me, you go on to suggest "hundreds of thousands of other individual users" need these low fees to have even **invested in** Bitcoin let alone use it. How did hundreds of thousands of people, which surely is at least 10% of the current holders, obtain Bitcoin without paying more than $1 in fees? That seems incredibly likely to be sentiment built on a misconception.


I'm glad you agree!
@_date: 2015-11-20 20:18:18


Do you suggest it makes a difference if those potential future uses happen on merge mined sidechains, voting pools and LN rather than on the main chain? Why is that?
@_date: 2015-11-27 21:26:14


You're trivializing the act of defrauding merchants, and blowing the complexity of double spending wildly out of proportion. If it can be done by hand it can automated, no questions asked.
What's the difference between someone releasing Double Spend Generator into the wild once billions have adopted Bitcoin, and rolling out RBF directly to the wallets? Either way, you're a criminal if you use this to defraud merchants.
@_date: 2015-11-19 19:44:28


The  use case of Bitcoin is COLD STORAGE. Investors have rarely if ever bought substantial amounts of BTC to do anything BUT hold it in COLD STORAGE.
Please stop fallaciously suggesting Bitcoin implodes if investors need to pay $20 to move their investments out from exchanges to cold storage. This simply doesn't affect bottom line demand for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-11-29 23:26:11
Gold transport and long term storage costs at minimum $20 per year. Bitcoin today is comparatively cheap.
Most of the world can use Bitcoin for nearly free - on voting pools, LN or sidechains.
@_date: 2015-11-28 20:55:27


Do you have any convincing evidence opt-in RBF causes issues with zero conf transactions in the wild? I would love to read some non-contrived examples.
@_date: 2015-11-28 21:20:21


It's been reckless to accept unconfirmed transactions for large value payments since forever in Bitcoin.
And what if we knew each other professionally, and one day I sent you an opt-in RBF payment fully intending for you to receive that payment in earnest?
Is the fact that I sent it with opt-in RBF enough to "destroy your trust" in my unconfirmed payment? Remember, I've clearly intended for you to receive this payment, and we know each other on an ongoing professional basis. Without question, for a low value payment that's more than enough assurances to allow you to close your Bitcoin wallet before the payment has confirmed properly.


Wow, have you really never had a transaction get stuck before? It's kind of bad, and depending on how badly you've fucked up it can be a VERRRRRRY long time before the first confirmation. There are plenty of times I've wanted to resend with a higher fee, and that's long before there even was a block size debate to be had.
@_date: 2015-11-30 20:55:58


Do you suggest the Datacenter-in-a-Box model is at all resistant to government pressures? Putting all the miners in Corporate datacenters is bad enough! How can you possibly suggest it's a *benefit* to force all the nodes precariously under the thumb of the Corporation selling these solutions.
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:09:24


Agreed - wallets are important. But today's wallets have considerable room for improvement, and that's *expected* because [good software takes 10 years](


It's not even going live until 2016. Wallets have plenty of time to improve, and the ones that don't will simply lag behind. I'm sorry, but I just don't see any problem here.
And ignore what scammer? Most transactions will be opt-in RBF in times of high network congestion. Do you have a problem with that?


[I have]( and so have many others:
- 1 year ago: 
- 1 year ago: 
- 1 year ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
- 2 years ago: 
@_date: 2015-11-28 20:47:29


How often are you buying a product that can't be returned for a full refund within 10 minutes of buying it?
Bottom line: there's a **night and day difference** between disputing a 30 day old charge, and double spending an unconfirmed Bitcoin transaction within 10 minutes of making it.
I'd be shocked if most chargebacks didn't happen weeks or months after the payment was made, due to buyer's remorse, frivolous spending or general embarassment over taboo purchases.
Conversely, RBF double spends can only happen within 10 minutes of buying, on average. That's nowhere near enough time to have buyer's remorse, and if you DO have buyer's remorse 10 minutes after buying a product - you should easily be able to get a refund.


Wait - aren't people dramatically less likely to have reason to do a chargeback within 10 minutes of buying something? And doesn't the lack of double spend software and lack of Bitcoin adoption amongst the "general populace" greatly impact the double spend rate in Bitcoin?
Sorry, but there's just no comparison between a 10 minute RBF window, and calling up your credit card company 30 days after you buy a bullshit product KNOWING you're going to win the chargeback case 90% of the time.
@_date: 2015-11-23 05:41:35
