@_author: anonobreadii
@_date: 2015-09-15 02:05:24
*On buying weed for an "outrageous" $20 fee*:






*On saving your family from runaway inflation for an "outrageous" $20 fee*:






@_date: 2015-09-30 05:18:50


If we could *magically* make technology 100,000X faster in an instant and scale Bitcoin's throughput for free, this debate wouldn't be necessary.
What IS necessary is to keep Bitcoin as far ahead of the competition as possible in being a *permissionless ledger*. Banks are going to try permissioned ledgers because they have no interest in holding BTC or paying any fees. As Trace has pointed out, these are the WORST type of customer, they're cheap and have zero loyalty.
As is, technology isn't good enough for us to add several orders of magnitude more blockhain bloat without a cost to full node decentralization. Specifically it would doom nodes to Corporate datacenters which completely defeats the purpose of running a node. You no longer have privacy and you no longer have autonomy.
And besides, Hearn's idea that people would choose "cheaper payment methods" is trivially falsifiable. People simply aren't investing millions into BTC "for the low fees". If that were actually true, cryptocurrency adoption would behave similar to rush hour traffic with one coin being adopted until its average fee reaches PayPal parity, at which point excess adoption would spill over to other coins. The reality is considerably more nuanced.
@_date: 2015-09-10 00:12:54
Chances are good the paid shill defendant has numerous alt accounts. His ongoing beef with Greg Maxwell is a matter of public record. Gee, I wonder if that has anything to do with him constantly decrying Blockstream and pushing for Mike Hearn to oust the core devs?
Gee I really wonder. Guess it shall remain a "mystery".
@_date: 2015-09-30 05:04:18


First, you can't have a store of value without a network effect. Look at gold, it's worth trillions yet it's rarely used for daily payments.
If you look at Bitcoin startups like Streamium.io and JoyStream.com, both have *very* large target markets and both are using *payment channels*. Importantly, there are many shades of gray between BTC payments and full blockchain writes. You don't have to hand a custodian all your money to make those Streamium or JoyStream payments, this is the opposite of gold where to use it in any context online you have to hand over your gold to a middleman.
And to make daily materialistic low value payments? Let's pretend people are actually spending BTC this way quite a lot which is a boldfaced lie. Let's pretend people are *actually spending BTC on coffees* even though this is clearly not happening and isn't why people invest in BTC in the first place.
For coffees, what's so bad about using [Stash]( voting pools or LN? If you're willing to put $500 in Blockchain.info with its JS cryptography I don't see why you wouldn't also be willing to put $100 in a trustless Lightning wallet or voting pool. It's just a calculated risk for a very low percentage of your BTC portfolio, and with LN if anything goes wrong you get your money back.
@_date: 2015-09-21 00:16:54


And yet, Ripple's "network effect" and the "network effect" of permissioned ledgers is dismal compared to the network effect of fiat. Bitcoin needs to stay DIFFERENT THAN FIAT to have any market value whatsoever. You don't make something different from centralized fiat or permissioned ledgers by assigning Corporations to run all the nodes in datacenters owned by other Corporations. You instead look at what is working NOW to attract actual investors - that being almost single handedly Bitcoin's decentralization - and you do more of it. You don't do less of it to support *special interests* like "Bitcoin 2.0".
@_date: 2015-09-15 02:15:44
Oh, so Silk Road and DNMs don't constitute legitimate transactions in your opinion.
Good to know.
Your concern trolling is unappreciated.
@_date: 2015-09-12 16:18:10


[Don't Talk To Police]( - 5,476,814 views


g1, but kind of depends on who those men are, what's at stake and how much you value your livelihood.
As an aside, this is why it's a horrible idea to entrust Corporations with anything of life or death importance because the vast, vast majority of Corporations rank shareholder profit above all else.
- Socrates questioned the collective notion of "might makes right" that he felt was common in Greece during this period. Plato refers to Socrates as the "gadfly" of the state (as the gadfly stings the horse into action, so Socrates stung various Athenians), insofar as he irritated some people with considerations of justice and the pursuit of goodness. **His attempts to improve the Athenians' sense of justice may have been the cause of his execution**.
- 19th century, escaped slave: "But officer, slavery is abusive, people shouldn't own other people..."
- 20th century, American hippie: "But officer, marijuana really does have medicinal properties..."
Gee, it's almost as if anonymous online discussion forums have historical worth and significance.
@_date: 2015-09-24 14:48:15
Your opinion on this @_date: 2015-09-16 23:38:40


I compared bloom filters in full node mode to real full nodes **with pruning enabled**. Because ultimately doing full node bloom filters sacrifices the ease of use of SPV since you download all transactions all the time, the difference between the two is mostly superficial. Smartphones can't do either one, which puts both solutions out of reach for billions of people absent measured conservatism of blockspace.


False. With 128MB blocks, you add 6.5TB of new data every year to the blockchain. With 8GB blocks, you add 1.1TB of new data every DAY to the blockchain, that's over 365TB of new data being added every year. Adding a full magnitude more bloat absolutely skyrockets the bloat.
And with all that bloat, where would anyone run a node? Unless you think we're going to have Cray supercomputers implanted into our eyelids in 20 years with ubiquitous light speed internet connections, guess what those nodes are going to end up in *datacenters*.
Most people stand no chance of learning how to run a node in a datacenter and even if they COULD learn how to run a node in a datacenter running a remote node leased on Corporate rackspace defeats the entire purpose of running a node. You lose all privacy that way and become not only subservient to your hosting provider but redundantly duplicate the efforts of other full node users on that same hosting provider. And whatever paltry incremental gains there may be in that case are slashed to zero in the long run if it takes more and more time to spin up new nodes. For example, if it takes 6 weeks to spin up a new full node if the government or hosting provider compromises the nodes on the Corporate rackspace you now have a 6-week downtime before you can postivively react and adjust. That's slow as mollasses.


This is a common misconception, [to quote Greg Maxwell](








As for this:


But it *is* impossible to make a remote network connection no matter what you do over Tor against a global passive adversary. As Jacob Appelbaum himself has repeatedly warned, Tor was NOT designed to hold up against a global passive adversary.


But you *do* want to rely on SPV? You simply don't need perfect privacy or security for SMALL VALUE daily consumerist bullshit payments. You could argue SPV is suitable for that because it *is*, but would you rather have the ability to use SPV wallets for daily spending if it means Bitcoin becomes a centralized permissioned Corporati-controlled ledger, or would you rather use SPV-like LN wallets while still having a decentralized blockchain for your cold storage which is what actually matters.
@_date: 2015-09-12 22:09:59


But you can surely use **a permissioned ledger's blockchain** many times per month with the downside of putting yourself and your savings at the whims of the Corporati who control that permissioned ledger.
Bottom line, this metric is impossible to objectively assess.


If we pump Ripple's transactional volume above that of Bitcoin does that mean Ripple is "beating" Bitcoin?
Is a Ripple transaction of equivalent value to a Bitcoin transaction?
If the answer to these questions is no, and it obviously *is*, then aren't "more transactions" at the cost of decentralization a really bad idea?
More transactions "fully validated" by Corporations running nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations sounds like a lot like Ripple to me, and you've just agreed that pumping Ripple's transaction figures doesn't make it better than Bitcoin.
What *I'd* like to see is more transactions on LN or voting pools or Silk Road - which had a completely centralized wallet. Now *that's* a positive sign of growth. Which type of transaction would *you* consider more valuable? For this you might consider which type of transaction ISN'T possible with any old payment system. After all, if you wanted a transaction that's entirely possible with any old payment system, you'd just use Coinbase or Circle or Xapo. Nothing wrong with that.


It's like you assume Bitcoin adoption occurs in a vacuum. When "CorpCoin" nodes are all controlled by Corporations in datacenters controlled by other Corporations, there will be no obvious difference between that system and a full blown permissioned ledger. Hence, when prospective users then benchmark CorpCoin's permissioned ledger against Bitcoin's non-permissioned ledger, how do you think it will effect their investment decisions going forward?
Hint: if you wouldn't invest in Ripple, you probably wouldn't invest in CorpCoin, this no matter how many "transactions" CorpCoin purports to handle per second.


Just like the Internet, right? Oh wait - the Internet is completely controlled by Corporations and government which is why dissenters in oppressive regimes find themselves hauled off to detention camps and torture facilities. We now need mesh networks.
@_date: 2015-09-02 22:49:06


If you have 8GB blocks that aren't full, fees will be minimal and hence you'll be subsidizing Bitcoin 2.0 which *needs* zero fees to stuff arbitrary data into the chain affordably. That's why this debate is really about Bitcoin 2.0 - because contrary to popular belief Bitcoin payments won't die if you can't send nickels for pennies.
Naturally, the Bitcoin 2.0 investors want the block size to be as large as possible. These moneyed special interests are masquerading around as impartial observers most notably who ad homs me incessantly and has never once actually answered my direct question as to how much he's invested in Bitcoin 2.0.
@_date: 2015-09-12 22:42:14


First, if LN is all that it's claimed, we can support billions of Bitcoin users with 100MB blocks in the long term, so it's easy to see why it's relevant in a dicussion on the what block size might be in potentially 20! years. Given 128MB blocks add up to 6.5TB of additional data year after year, the difference between 100MB blocks and 8GB blocks is **significant**.
Second, most users who have considerable BTC savings are completely and entirely used to the idea of using secure wallets to hold larger amounts BTC for savings and insecure but accessible wallets to hold smaller amounts of BTC for spending. With LN, voting pools, et al, you just put your spending money in YET ANOTHER accessible wallet that trades off security for spendability. Meanwhile, you'll spend far more time worrying about the sanctity of your cold storage savings.
Satoshi hasn't moved his cold storage BTC in over five years. Most people are similar, rarely touching their BTC cold storage if ever. This is why it isn't the end of the world to put 1% of your nest egg on LN especially since you get it sent back to your cold storage if anything goes wrong.
@_date: 2015-09-20 23:56:28
When it comes to full nodes, it's about quality over quantity to a large extent.
For example, there's a clear difference between anonymous full nodes over Tor spread out over a diverse geographic area that can be spun up in *minutes*, and clearnet Corporations running 100% of the nodes in Amazon EC2 where it takes *six weeks* to spin up a new one.
I imagine centralizing all the nodes in Amazon EC2 with a guaranteed 6-week downtime would be disastrous if anything goes wrong with the Government or Amazon.com. Whereas in the Tor defended network with downtime measured in minutes, the entire Bitcoin network is a hydra that is impossible to stop or censor, the Amazon EC2 network would fall over and not get back up again for SIX WEEKS.


An employee of McDonalds has no say over what the McDonalds Corporation does. You're conflating "individuals" with Corporations who supply income for or outright employ those "individuals". Clearly a world where the nodes are operated by bought-and-paid-for Corporati responds *differently* to government pressure than a world where the nodes are mostly operated by anonymous ordinary people over Tor and where it's so trivial and quick to set up a new one it's just utterly ineffective to attempt meddling with Bitcoin at any level.
And to think, all we need to do for that to happen is to NOT **squander** Moore's Law on Doritos in the chain, and instead use it to make Bitcoin full nodes easy and accessible for folks.
@_date: 2015-09-24 02:38:28


LOL, are you saying you're not a common man? Here's a thought. Why did YOU invest in Bitcoin? Did you invest in Bitcoin to tell other people on Reddit that Fidelity is going to invest hundreds of millions in BTC to make microtransactions for ... reasons?


Have you watched Scaling Bitcoin Montreal? Do you know there already exists a block that takes 30 seconds to verify? It's a 1MB block. Takes 30 seconds to verify. If we had 20MB blocks today, an equivalently bloated block could take **10 full minutes** to verify. Do you understand what that means? It means you'd need a *supercomputer* to keep up with the Bitcoin network, afforded only by **huge corporations and governments**.
@_date: 2015-09-02 22:28:39
In 2036, syncing the unbloated blockchain might be nothing. LN and voting pools would be seen as perfectly acceptable for non-critical daily transactions, and Bitcoin 2.0 would be seen as a joke that really wasn't all it was cracked up to be. The blockchains which refuse to prioritize decentralization of the core commodity unit will bite the dust, with the only people profiting from those blockchains being the lucky few 2.0 investors who were able to make an exit.
@_date: 2015-09-16 23:42:43


Such as your coin morphing into Ripple for instance? At which point writing to that permissioned blockchain becomes utterly and entirely pointless no matter how low the fee is.
@_date: 2015-09-20 21:03:54




For the devs? No. But it's not like it's going to result in major user adoption even if it is.


You can do that on a permissioned ledger.


Yes, and they're missing out on holding a liquid, deflationary unseizable asset that exists outside of the corrupt political systems and dying financial systems of the world, is accepted anywhere there's an internet connection available and costs nothing to store.


Such as?


No. And BTW [Venmo is owned by PayPal](


Nobody has to bail you out if you use Bitcoin, but that's because you have sole control over your money in most cases. If you want to give someone else control over your money, fine, but you can just use a traditional bank for that or use a Bitcoin banking service.
Hence, if this is your model for mainstream user adoption, which is fine, you don't need gigablocks.


Looks like Bitcoin is dead then. Shut it down.
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:19:09
You're onto it. It's par for the course for people who never run nodes to line up in the peanut galleries to tell you how easy it *should* be for you to section off 10% and up of your hard drive for BTC. Fun fact: at 128MB blocks, the chain grows at 6.5TB per year. Better hope 1000 petabyte hard drives are the norm by then.
If your idea of full node usage is a dedicated trawler machine that requires ongoing disk upgrades and torrential bandwidth it's very clear you don't think ordinary folks should or ever will run full node wallets.
Ironically, these same people are chanting for megablocks claiming it's pointless to run a node or too hard compared to SPV wallets even thought the ENTIRE REASON it's hard to run a full node wallet is because of the blockchain size. And indeed, if instead of squandering Moore's Law on Doritos-in-the-chain capacity we optimized for LN and voting pools and took an anti-bloat policy for culling the chain of spam then we could actually see full node wallets fair comparably to SPV wallets at which point full node wallets would take over on the desktop for their privacy and security advantages.
@_date: 2015-09-05 01:21:03
If on the other hand plutocracy is your actual *goal*, you should want Bitcoin full nodes to be as expensive as possible to maintain. That way only well-capitalized clearnet Corporations can run them in datacenters controlled by other Corporations.
@_date: 2015-09-03 18:06:31


Genuinely curious as to whether you know how LN works. You'd register an alias like alice for free and after that anyone could send you BTC paying zero fee. Now, the BTC you received would only be possible to withdraw to cold storage by paying a miners fee, but if a bunch of merchants are integrated with LN like Streamium.io then you won't necessarily need to withdraw anything to cold storage unless you've received a very large amount in which case you can afford the $20 to store those coins in cold storage.
Anecdotally, this is similar to how I use Bitcoin today. I don't often crack open cold storage wallets, and I keep spending amounts on web wallets just so that I can access enough BTC on the go. That's exactly how LN works, only the web wallets can't exit scam you because LN hubs never touch your money.
If it's in fact truly not a big deal to use LN, I don't see why it's worth tripping over ourselves to bloat the blockchain because that just makes it as hard as possible to run a full node which is the ONLY way to make a truly anonymous bitcoin payment. If you force all full nodes into datacenters or just trust Corporations to run those nodes, you're going to lose all Bitcoin privacy permanently. [I've wrote about this extensively elsewhere](
@_date: 2015-09-12 20:38:41


Here's a sneak peak into what happens when your financial service runs afoul of the law as dictated by a certain government which happens to control the world reserve currency.
I know, I know it's besides the point that the US controls the world reserve currency - they'll just fade into obsolescence without so much as a peep. There's precedent for that, right? Right?! As we all know, when it comes to international finance, the long arm of the law only stretches [so far](


Let's think back to, oh I don't know, TODAY: xtnodes.com. How do you think the debate itself is being guaged if not by the number of miners running a certain node and the number of users running that node as well.
Ever think about what would happen if the miners and the "users" become strictly limited to clearnet Corporations? If the blockchain becomes so huge and unwieldly that only well-capitalized Corporations can afford to run them in remote datacenters? Hint: it involves your opinion about protocol changes amounting to approximately *fuck all*.
@_date: 2015-09-21 00:26:52


The block size obviously needs to increase in the long term, but not so much that we sacrifice what makes Bitcoin actually *different* in the marketplace - its decentralization.


Right, and similarly most people will use LN and voting pools to transact on a daily basis for zero fee.


Really? Why not?


Much of which was based on the relative dismal performance of fiat related to QE infinity and currency wars.


Right, *over its clones*. But if Bitcoin itself degrades to a glorified permissioned ledger, its clones will be more true to the original Bitcoin than Bitcoin itself. This is of course, just peachy for Bitcoin 2.0 investors who only pay lip service to caring about BTC the currency's performance but who are actually profiting far more from the moneyed special interest 2.0 use cases that REQUIRE FEES BE ZERO. Conversely, if fees aren't zero for their Bitcoin 2.0 investments, this type of investor LOSES MONEY.
Hint: is a major Bitcoin 2.0 investor and he has never failed to dodge my questioning of this whenever I raise it against him. Gee, I wonder if this could have anything to do with continuously insisting on Bitcoin blockchain fees remaining zero or nearly zero over the long run?
@_date: 2015-09-30 05:35:35


Non-sequitor. Why would the government declare Bitcoin illegal if the chain isn't bloated, but somehow *not* declare Bitcoin illegal if the chain *is* bloated? What did they hate so much about a lean blockchain? They just really wanted to bloat it and when Greg Maxwell told them to shove it up their ass *that's* when they decided to ban Bitcoin globally? I mean this is just utterly nonsensical.


Bitcoin is your opportunity to own a knowable percentage of a fixed supply global currency that is immune from central bank debasement and civil asset forfeiture. If governments ban Bitcoin, I guess you'd better be willing to lose value else you should trade options or futures on an overseas exchange that values BTC profits and doesn't care what the government thinks.
@_date: 2015-09-07 04:00:03
You can short BTC on leverage while still holding a BTC balance on a half dozen or more exchanges @_date: 2015-09-04 00:29:22


What's utility to you? For me, it's being able to spend money over the internet or in person without tipping off the NSA. It's already ninja difficulty to pull off with Bitcoin as is. A full node is already resource heavy, but if you don't have it, good luck making your network traffic indistinguishable against a global passive adversary.
Speaking for myself obviously, but you know what would be worse than paying $20 fee for a full blockchain write? Global government going cashless and Bitcoin users being unable to spend money without tipping off the NSA because we're all forced to use SPV or run nodes in datacenters eliminating Bitcoin privacy altogether.
If you think global surveillance chills freedom of speech online, imagine what it will do to you when you know in the back of your mind the NSA and local law enforcement know exactly what you're spending your money on, when you're spending it, and how much you're spending *down to the penny*.
It doesn't have to end that way. You could support using technologies better suited for daily materialistic bullshit payments like LN or voting pools, or God forbid pay a $20 fee to indelibly record your utility bill payment on an unprecedented global immutable ledger.
@_date: 2015-09-03 05:19:30
BILLY MAYS HERE WITH A BITCOIN FULL NODE
@_date: 2015-09-07 23:58:53
Do you not own hot and cold wallets today? Or do you routinely put at risk your entire Bitcoin nestegg because you refuse to spread out your holdings amongst specialized wallets?
Chances are, you have large value Bitcoin savings accounts, and smaller value accounts that are usually easier for you to access because less money is at risk and you deem it a reasonable tradeoff to make in order to have *some* amount of spending money.
For example, in the past I've routinely used web wallets like BCi to store a few hundred and even a few thousand bucks because it didn't seem so bad. It all depends on how large of percent of your net worth the amount being entrusted to web wallets represents.
Sites like BCi are an interesting gray area between true cold storage and centralized wallets, because the [JS being constantly served and re-served is trivially MITM'd](
As the Bitcoin price rises, this paradigm of hot wallet - cold wallet is going to grow MUCH stronger. At $10,000 per coin, no longer can you carry 10 BTC on a smartphone without fretting over privacy leaks or your own immediate physical security. You'd have to be *very* conscientious of how much you're putting at risk as more and more people around you know what BTC is and that it can be taken from you by mugging.
Seeing as this dynamic exists, who's to say users can't learn there's a difference between a spending wallet and a savings wallet? Isn't it logical to entrust *some* smaller amounts of money for daily dumb transactions to more convenient avenues? Do you *really* need to make a full blockchain write for a grocery payment or to pay a utility bill?
And don't most people know not to carry $100,000 in cash in their back pocket? Hence, wouldn't they *also* know not to keep $100,000 in Bitcoin in their back pocket?
It seems clear that a dedicated payment product that is also trustless can serve that niche better than a web wallet, i.e. the wallets MOST PEOPLE use to make daily payments. Can an LN wallet do better than BCi? Is that even a *question*?
@_date: 2015-09-09 23:36:39
username checks out
@_date: 2015-09-30 05:42:03
Look at Streamium.io and JoyStream, both are targeting HUGE markets, streaming video and torrents respectively. Neither startup requires making full blockchain writes at least not nearly to the extent you're imagining. There are SHADES OF GRAY in Bitcoin. You just don't need to make a full blockchain write to send BTC.
Making a full blockchain write is destined to be costly, but thankfully the market has decided network effect and exchange liquidity are far more important than the cost of making a full blockchain write.


Strawman. It sounds like you haven't looked into LN or [Stash]( much at all.
@_date: 2015-09-08 01:21:26


This is very helpful but it's ambiguous. If billions of people adopted Bitcoin tomorrow, would you *approve* of expanding the block size to a *full* 8GB  *knowing* full well it would eradicate all but a handful of full nodes running in Swiss datacenters?


What do you think about the fact that there are already three distinct alpha implementations of Lightning after less than nine months of it existing as an *idea*? The whitepaper *isn't even done yet*. Do you view that as being *underwhelming* progress for a technical proposal?
@_date: 2015-09-12 23:39:37
The world's poor, whom have always been a slave to centralized fiat money, can use voting pools, LN or centralized services and STILL hold money outside the clutches of the financial and political system. Conversely, if the BTC core unit itself isn't decentralized, they'll never be able to spend money freely because KYC AML will be enforced by Bitcoin miners.
Voting pools and LN can be anonymous and centralized services have historically included Silk Road. So I genuinely, honest to God don't see how I'm being biased against the world's poor here.
@_date: 2015-09-30 05:54:24
Users who don't want to pay high fees can just use LN or voting pools to make those zero fee payments. The full blockchain writes will be $20, yet the LN and voting pool payments will cost pennies.


If fees are so high users need to migrate to LN and voting pools, I don't see how full blockchain writes will simultaneously and inexplicably be so low cost that miners make no money. That does not make sense.
@_date: 2015-09-08 03:26:07


"A handful of full nodes running in Swiss datacenters" doesn't *quite* constitute decentralization. What's the difference between five nodes in Switzerland, and PayPal, or E-Gold? It would be **more centralized than either** because the blockchain would be hopelessly large such that only well-capitalized clearnet Corporations could run those nodes even if they could somehow escape the external pressures.
Such a centralized network would be one NSL away from being shut down or coerced defeating the entire point of owning BTC.
@_date: 2015-09-03 00:34:56
I'd be happy to talk about Bitcoin 2.0 in depth, but it's been rather well-covered in the press so I'll just leave this here: 
TLDR; you know that whole deal about proof of existence or colored coins or ethereum? Turns out many of those projects raised a bunch of money from investors. Everyone knows Blockstream took money, but what about the colored coins companies? What about the full node as a service companies?  Not Bitcoin 2.0, but they still profit the more people become dependent on their services. Investors tend to like making a profit, and Reddit is quite clearly a haven for startup marketers.
Point being, Blockstream aren't the only ones backed by investment capital, right? So please don't make this so one sided. By your tone, I can only gather you're putting Blockstream's feet to the fire and giving everyone else a get out of jail free card.
You call me a shill, but I have absolutely nothing to do with Blockstream and I'm simply pointing out that, yes, in fact Bitcoin 2.0 investors *do* astroturf on Reddit, quite extensively at that.


If I pay you in Casascius coins with BTC embedded in them, do you call that a BTC payment? What if we're both using Open Transactions voting pools and I send BTC to your nym? Is that a BTC payment? Both of these transactions are paid in the BTC unit and neither one requires a miners fee. LN transactions are the same deal, they don't require you to pay any miners fee.
@_date: 2015-09-04 15:47:10
Do you trust Youtube comments more than expert testimony?
@_date: 2015-09-15 19:30:46
It's about quality over quantity. Anonymous full nodes over Tor spread out over a diverse geographic area that can be spun up in minutes is very different from clearnet Corporations running 100% of the nodes in Amazon EC2 where it takes 6 weeks to spin up a new one.
In addition, one Corporation can launch 10 nodes on Amazon EC2, and another Corporation can launch 10 nodes on Amazon EC2. This is no different from each Corporation launching one full node.


If we pump Ripple's transactional volume above that of Bitcoin, does that mean Ripple is "beating" Bitcoin?
Because it strikes me the difference between Ripple and Bitcoin is Bitcoin is decentralized and censorship resistant whereas your Ripple balance can be seized or frozen.
You're conflating transactional throughput capacity with "importance". You wouldn't say Ripple is more important than Bitcoin, would you? Because Ripple has *far* greater "transaction throughput" than Bitcoin does. It's a plain bunk measurement of success.
The reality isn't so black and white. With voting pools and LN there's unquestionably shades of gray between transactional throughput and *ON-CHAIN transactional throughput*.
@_date: 2015-09-04 17:19:41
Private property ownership isn't a system of equal protection.
Physical limits trump populist opinion.
@_date: 2015-09-05 05:34:48


- Anyone with BTC in cold storage wanting to check balances without privacy leaks.
- Anyone with BTC in cold storage willing to pay a fee to make an on-chain payment.


@_date: 2015-09-04 19:19:20
If you own 1,000,000 BTC and I own 0.000001 BTC, do Bitcoin miners *owe it to me* to include my zero-fee 0.00000001 BTC transaction on the blockchain same as they include your 1000 BTC transaction paying a 0.01 BTC fee?
My transactions aren't entitled to be included by miners competing in a free market, period. I have to make it worth their while and if I can't afford to then tough luck.
@_date: 2015-09-20 16:37:33
No, I'm actually reiterating what Gavin himself has said:


Gee, that sure sounds like Corporations running all the full nodes in datacenters controlled by other corporations, doesn't it? Hmm, I surely wonder if this could have any relevance to BIP101.
And see [Patrick Strateman's presentation at Scaling Bitcoin]( It proved beyond a shadow of a doubt if technology doesn't improve at a rate of 20% YoY, BIP101 will result in a 16X blowup over a 10-20 year period at which point nobody new can sync a full node. This end state is actually DESIRED by Gavin, who [admitted to such]( in his most recent blog post:




IOW, Gavin is *counting* on this happening. You can't make this shit up.
@_date: 2015-09-08 22:23:55


Exactly, and I agree - don't trust Changetip with more than $50 certainly. Don't use it to make all your purchases because you'll have no privacy, etc.
However, a very wide diversity of secure Bitcoin storage options exist between Changetip on one side and Armory cold storage on the other.
For example, BCi is a centralized web wallet that purports to gives you control over the private keys, but we [now know]( server-pushed JS cryptography is a recipe for disaster. If you won't trust more than $2 to Changetip, it follows then that you wouln't trust more than $200 or perhaps $2000 to BCi. **It's a spectrum**.
If you spread your coins out, and have spending wallets and saving wallets then you tacitly agree that you can park your BTC in wallets with varying levels of security and privacy and it's not the end of the world. Do you know anyone with significant BTC holdings who doesn't do this?
Nobody is saying you need to keep 100% of your BTC on Lightning, or on Changetip. But is it really so bad to put $2 there? You said it yourself: it's not, even in the worst case scenario where Changetip is a clearnet regulated startup, you'd stil put $2 there. And yet you could easily treat a trustless Lightning wallet the same as you treat a BCi wallet today with MORE BENEFITS. LN is better than Changetip. Nobody controls your private keys but you. Instant transactions. Exit scams are impossible. No JS required. Your offline private keys just need to make a new signature and boom you've made a LN transaction that can settle to your cold storage if anything goes wrong.
What is so unthinkable about putting 1% or even 5% of your net worth in that system other than that it doesn't exist yet?
Again, I'm not saying you'd put more than 1% of your nest egg on LN, but that's ALL YOU NEED to make daily payments unless you're just *so* convinced you need to make a full blockchain write for a utility bill payment or for a payment to your grocer - which I think is a load of *crap*. Silk Road used a completely centralized web wallet and it's not the end of the world. It's just not. Bitcoin won't implode if you can't send nickels for pennies on the blockchain.


He isn't. You just have to *pay* for the priviledge of making a full blockchain write on the world's most widely adopted global ledger with the highest security. I AGREE that the fees shouldn't rise above $20 - and we need to agree to an expansion plan with this end goal in mind.
But for God's sake, that doesn't require 8GB blocks in the next 20 years. And it certainly doesn't justify sidestepping peer review to shove sweeping, long term technical and political changes down EVERYBODY's throat.


Nobody is arguing that it should be cost-prohibitive to hold money in cold storage, or move your cold storage around. The only thing you DO need 8GB megablocks for is to subsidize Bitcoin 2.0 use cases. That's exactly why I urge people to remain cognizant of the Bitcoin 2.0 companies astroturfing on Reddit because they're the moneyed special interests elephant in the room and have PLENTY of reason to resist rising on-chain fees - plenty moreso than the average Bitcoiner as they have millions of dollars on the line. As rising fees will suffocate their heretofore unproven business models. For everyone else, it's simply not the end of the world.


Everyone from Greg Maxwell to Adam Back to Gavin Andresen has proposed a method for increasing the block size safely. It's going to go up.
@_date: 2015-09-12 17:34:12
You can't build a decentralized system on top of a centralized network. It's impossible the same way it's impossible to make an irreversible payment on top of a reversible payment system.
Now let's assume you increase the costs of running a fully validating node such that Corporations are providing the bulk of them. Let's also pretend users will be happy to adopt a cryptocurrency with zero fees for all. OK, fair enough!
Now pray tell, what's the difference between a blockchain run exclusively by Corporations in datacenters owned by other Corporations, and a **permissioned ledger**?!
If Corporations are running all the nodes and *Corporations* are running all the miners, how can you then lob insults at startups like Eris providing permissioned ledgers to Corporations? It's the SAME thing, it's just the permissioned ledgers are more honest with their advertising.


- Gavin Andresen (2011)
@_date: 2015-09-04 21:30:23
Depending on coin age and transactional demand you can get away with paying zero fees. Byte size of the transaction is also a factor. But the point is at the end of the day the miners don't owe you a thing. My low fee, low value transaction isn't entitled to inclusion by miners.


Right. Cold storage security is uniform, but you're not going to get 1,000,000 BTC in your cold storage without paying for it first.
@_date: 2015-09-20 15:51:16


Not without user adoption. Not without the ability to hold money without it being confiscated, frozen and debased.
And I'm very doubtful that people are investing millions into BTC "for the low fees". If that were actually true, cryptocurrency adoption would behave similar to rush hour traffic with one coin being adopted until its average fee reaches PayPal parity, at which point excess adoption would spill over to other coins. The reality is considerably more nuanced.
@_date: 2015-09-03 17:56:51
I just made a new altcoin called Anonobread, and the miners fee is $0.000000000001. After all, *nobody uses it*, but hey look at that incredibly low fee.
Doesn't that sound exactly like what a snake oil altcoin salesmen would say to you in the year 2050 to get you to buy into his new altcoin scheme with zero users?
In a few decades, it will become clear having a zero or near zero miners fee is a poverty benefit reserved for altcoins with NO users. On all other coins with a sizeable network effect, you'll have to either pay a significant fee to make a full blockchain write, or else you'll use LN or voting pools to get around paying the miners.
Money is pure network effect. The network effect and liquidity matter far more than how much it costs you to make a full blockchain write, especially since LN and voting pools will be more than good enough for small, daily purchases. Everyone else will be just fine using voting pools or LN in lieu of full blockchain writes, because these dedicated payment network products will be cheaper, faster and a better user experience with more predictable fee levels and higher uptime - they'll be *designed* explicitly for that purpose.
There will absolutely be DNM Lightning hubs running as Tor hidden services because the hubs themselves can't exit scam, and it's going to work splendid for everyone. If not, the DNM buyers are going to have to make larger purchases so that the $20 full blockchain write is worthwhile.
@_date: 2015-09-09 23:46:24


How sure *are* you about that because DNMs are, last I checked, still incredibly profitable? The LN devs are looking into onion-routing too. Hey, I may not like Corporate fascism but don't even start with the "If you have nothing to hide, you have to nothing to worry about" fallacy.
@_date: 2015-09-30 05:26:22
Hearn is against BIP100, I'm for it, but that's besides the point. If you did think government will oppress Bitcoiners for victimless crimes, they're going to do that anyway no matter what Bitcoin looks like because they can't stand the populace having a free currency. And I can't even fathom why Hearn would think governments somehow *won't* attack Bitcoin if we add gigablocks of bloat but they will attack if we don't bloat it?
With a blockchain nuked by gigablocks, you're just making it impossible for us to pick up the pieces when the government does actually attack. In the meantime you're making Bitcoin into a Corporati owned permissioned ledger by nuking all individual node owners off the chain when the ENTIRE POINT of owning BTC is for it to be a currency that exists outside the purview of the political and financial system.
@_date: 2015-09-20 15:08:52
Make it cost prohibitive to run a full node and only Corporations will run them in datacenters controlled by other Corporations.


No, because in the extreme case where only Goldman Sachs and banks can afford running nodes in datacenters, this eliminates the ordinary person's privacy and reserves trustless transactions only for financial institutions which goes against the spirit of a P2P money purported to operate outside the purview of those financial institutions.
Yet, you argue makeup of the nodes doesn't matter, as if this is a non-issue. You'd be happy if banks ran all the nodes and in your opinion that somehow wouldn't violate the spirit of Bitcoin which is absolutely oxymoronic.


You're arguing for morphing Bitcoin into Ripple in the deluded pursuit of ON CHAIN transactional throughput capacity at the cost of decentralization which ALONE is what makes Bitcoin, *Bitcoin*. It's cutting off the nose to spite the face. In reality, LN and voting pools absolutely qualify as transactional throughput capacity for most purposes, and for large transactions on the world's most adopted and secure global ledger people will simply cope with a reasonable $20 fee.
@_date: 2015-09-12 19:55:17


If the government threatens a Corporation or its shareholders, the Corporation is going to do the government's bidding or end up in a world of hurt.
Make full nodes so costly and unwieldly that only Corporations can run them, and it'll become trivial for the government to force them to make changes to the Bitcoin *protocol*. The rest of us won't be able to contest the changes because we'll lack the means to do so. Once gigablocks are in the chain, you can't erase them. You can only *hopefully* make them less costly to handle as technology - *hopefully* - improves.
Bitcoin has value because the core unit itself, BTC, exists, supposedly, *outside the whims of financial regulators and politics*. Hence, a Corporate takeover of Bitcoin full nodes is an existential threat to Bitcoin's market value.
@_date: 2015-09-20 16:22:53
Thanks for making this argument, because it perfectly epitomizes the large block position, as per this:


Just making an observation, you started your comment talking about the need for Bitcoin 2.0 transactions to happen on-chain.
Your unstated assumption is Bitcoin 2.0 transactions can't happen on a sidechain or on OT. Your other unstated assumption is Bitcoin 2.0 transactions are more important than BTC's use as a currency or store of value.


You then transition to actively conflating "the ability to transact" with Bitcoin 2.0 transactions. Again, Bitcoin 2.0 transactions can happen on sidechains or OT.
And ironically, the biggest threat to your "ability to transact" with BTC proper is for banks and financial institutions to [embrace, extend and extinguish]( full nodes, handing *themselves* control over all the full nodes and using that as leverage to steer network policy towards redlisting and KYC/AML.


And you do realize even with 8GB blocks, not everyone's daily low value payments can fit on the chain? Higher value BTC transactions **already take priority** over lower value BTC transactions and this will remain true no matter what happens. You and a bunch of other people are sticking your head in the sand about the way Bitcoin naturally works.
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:59:12
*Salesman in TV ad*: "... So, Sherri, that's what Bitcoin is: controlled by friendly, neighborhood Corporations in datacenters controlled by other Corporations you can *trust* to hold your best interests in mind."
*Sherri the Shill*: "So borderless. Wow."
@_date: 2015-09-30 05:47:16


If you haven't factored in exactly this scenario you've made an undereducated investment in BTC. The bottom line is I fully accept this as a possible outcome, and you guessed it - *IDGAF*.
@_date: 2015-09-21 03:15:32
OK, I'll ask you again, since you seem to be feeling honest. Note to all this is without any exagerration the FIFTH time I'm asking these. He's denied and dodged it every time before while ad homming me, I'll just pretend that isn't what he's doing again.
Please state for the record:
1. Have you made ANY investment in a so called "Bitcoin 2.0" service, company or project?
2. If the answer to the above is YES, how much money have you invested in US Dollar terms?
@_date: 2015-09-12 23:42:56


For large transactions, which the world's poorest is too poor to make.


Most BTC today is held in cold storage, it sits there not being spent. You'll be able to spend BTC for near zero fee over LN or on voting pools.


TIL it's impossible to send money to Silk Road or buy a SR voucher if it costs $20.
@_date: 2015-09-08 00:20:55
This quote is out of context. He was saying that, *if people rush to adopt Lightning*, which is something I *know* you XTers are in large part skeptical of, IF that were to happen, and IF micropayments on LN skyrocketed, then that would lead to a new wave of Bitcoin users. This *hypothetical* [Eternal September]( event would create additional demand for full blockchain writes bringing us back to square one.
@_date: 2015-09-12 22:17:10


So, if 8GB blocks *aren't* easy to handle in 20 years, what you're saying is you won't be able to afford running a full node. 20 year extrapolations are an *insanely* long time in Bitcoin terms. Nobody has any idea what the world will look like in *five* years let alone 10, let alone 20. If you're going by hope alone, please do refrain from making engineering decisions on my behalf.


Really? How high is too high for you? Go ahead - put a solid number on it. The bulk of my transactions will happen on voting pools, LN and centralized services because they'll be easier to use and more convenient hence they'll have a wide userbase. It's simply not the end of the world if my Doritos purchases aren't indelibly recorded on an unprecedented global immutable ledger for all of time. *It's kind of overkill*.


Heavens no! Not $20 for a full blockchain write! Heaven forbid! Lord punish thee who allowed this white upper middle class tragedy to occur.
@_date: 2015-09-04 17:54:29


I *emphatically* agree. However, there are *limits* to how much on-chain capacity you support before you end up with the entire Bitcoin network being validated by one, single full node running on a BIS-owned server rack in Basel.
The goal is the highest amount of *delivered security*. It's a balance between keeping Bitcoin true to its nature and supporting the maximum quantity of on-chain payments which are just one method of making a Bitcoin payment. In the year 2140, I have zero doubts we can handle 8GB blocks but to pretend like we should count on that happening in the next 20 years is absolutely an aggressive prediction.
Put 100% of Bitcoin full nodes into Amazon datacenters and watch them become subject to Amazon's rules and by extension state coercion.
Bar ordinary users from running full nodes and you eliminate their privacy altogether. Because miners can pick and choose which exact transactions to include in blocks, it's fully conceivable for governments to demand large miners enforce KYC/AML on the protocol level.
You can certainly argue LN payments are possible to stop, but which is worse, stopping *those* payments or giving governments the ability to censor ALL bitcoin payments?
Point is, you have to keep Bitcoin, *Bitcoin* or else everything we're doing here is fucking pointless.
LN is the internet of hubs. If one hub fails to route your payment to an alias, your client will automatically retry on a different hub such as a Tor hidden service hub. It's like how Electrum works where you can select from different servers. If one server goes down, you retry on a different server. You remain in control of your BTC the entire time until you send them to another person.
You don't need permission to search Google for "how to sell raw milk". But that doesn't mean the secret police won't use your latest Google searches against you in court like the prosecution did in the Ross Ulbricht case. I don't want Bitcoin payments to end up like that. While $20 fees sound high, if cash is banned globally Bitcoin will be the *only* way to buy unsanctioned goods online and if you buy in bulk then $20 won't be so bad. *At least you can DO IT*. At least ordinary folks will retain the right to *transact*.
@_date: 2015-09-12 20:10:44


This has been discussed *to death*.
In sum, *yes*, the block size has to increase so that people can get in and out of cold storage. No, the block size doesn't need to be so large that Corporations run all the full nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations.
@_date: 2015-09-15 00:25:45


Here's what Jacob Applebaum has to say about [Tor privacy in today's online environment](






In short, no, you're not safe checking address balances or submitting BTC transactions using Tor alone. That is, if you're doing so currently thinking it's ok, you have a false sense of security.
The Tor Project has repeatedly stated Tor wasn't designed to be used against a global passive adversary. Turns out this is exactly what the NSA *is*.
You can't entrust your privacy to Tor, as unfortunate as it is - that's simply not enough to check your address balances privately.
The only way to defeat the NSA at its own game is to run a FULL NODE like Armory or Bitcoin Core.


Which is why it's important blockchain fees don't rise beyond $20. That isn't so much that you can't do it if you had to, like if you were buying something of *AHEM* importance. You could still do those things with BTC.
Far more important is for the Bitcoin protocol to remain independent from state influence, and for you to at least retain the ABILITY to make a truly private Bitcoin payment or check your address balances or receive BTC payments in full privacy. Again, you can't do those things without a full node.
@_date: 2015-09-16 23:08:46
I'm always skeptical of economic arguments, and if you're not going to give Paul Krugman a pass on Bitcoin I see absolutely no reason to give other economists who talk about Bitcoin a pass either. In this case, Peter claims as fees decrease, more data **will be written** to the blockchain as if that's a law of nature. Baloney. This is false even for Bitcoin, and it's **definitely, unquestionably false** for altcoins. There are three reasons for this:
1. Absent network effect of a blockchain, miners and hence users have no incentive to encode data in that blockchain because there's no guarantee the data will be around or useful to other people
2. Unless you have a hot wallet specifically reserved for quickly and by extension insecurely making full blockchain writes with MINIMAL effort, you need to crack open your cold storage to do anything on the bitcoin blockchain. The costs here are intangible and have to do with time, effort and knowing your cold storage is being put at elevated risk compared to if you hadn't touched it or cracked it open
3. Absent decentralization, you are writing not to a permissionless blockchain but to a *permissioned*, centralized one like Ripple, and who wants to do that?! If I told you that you could write all the data you want for free to a permissioned ledger, would you even care? No, you wouldn't care because it would be utterly and entirely pointless.
@_date: 2015-09-26 15:42:22








Notice the clear parallel of full node wallet users bearing the costs of your gigablocks there?
In the year 2140, technology will surely be much improved. Unfortunately for XTers, who will stop at nothing for gigablocks or no block limits at all, none of those technological improvements are *guaranteed* to come to fruition on a very short 20 year timespan.
@_date: 2015-09-26 03:03:01


Larger blocks. Not gigablocks.


There's no such thing as a free lunch.
@_date: 2015-09-14 19:04:28
To arrive at his figures, Patrick synced his node over a 1Gbps LAN connection. His calculations assume a 20% capacity improvement YoY. At anything *less than* 20% capacity improvement YoY, BIP101 results in a 16X blowup over a 10-20 year period at which point nobody new can sync a full node without a supercomputer.
@_date: 2015-09-18 04:27:06
OT is one of two projects in the public eye that promises to give Bitcoin users exactly what they want in terms of functionality when they want it without sacrificing security, and quite possibly without sacrificing privacy. It's a technological BREAKTHROUGH in this respect.
Importantly, you *typically* have to sacrifice privacy by making an outgoing network connection but this platform breaks the laws of physics with its smart contract "hooks" feature:




When combined with OT destructible receipts you can upload an autonomous agent that spends your money or forwards received payments without you being at a computer.
And needless to say, you don't need gigablocks for this.
@_date: 2015-09-15 16:36:20


Jacob Appelbaum is the lead developer of Tor. Hint: at least google Tails before calling them an "exagerated critic" of Tor. Judging by this fragment of a sentence alone, you are extremely off base with your commentary here.


You claim SPV has privacy modes but utterly fail to substantiate the claim - which you can't do so don't even waste your breath on this please.


Full node outgoing payment privacy works like a mesh communication app for smartphones. If everyone in a protest is using the same mesh communication app as you in your local vicinity, it's effectively impossible for ANYONE no matter how omniscient to reliably detect the first person to broadcast a message. In Bitcoin full node terms, a global passive adversary would have to detect which full nodes on the network of millions, or better yet billions, were the first to propagate a given transaction which becomes exponentially harder to reliably surmise *the more full nodes there are*.
You claim full nodes *don't* offer privacy if on clearnet, which is a non-sequitor for two reasons. Firstly, because by advocating for megablocks you're eliminating all chance of running a node over Tor, which is what I in fact recommended. Secondly, because syncing the full chain A) makes your received payments perfectly indistinguishable from all other received payments and B) while not perfect, it makes your outgoing payments *nearly* indistinguishable from all others.


No, no we haven't. We really haven't. *You've* lost because you have a self-defeating attitude. You're wrong and you have a bad attitude on this for no reason. Full nodes *are* in fact AMAZINGLY important here. It's the only way to reliably defeat the so-called "invicible" adversary which is why it's important individuals be able to *easily* and *seamlessly* run them AT HOME not in *datacenters*.


As for your claim here that BTC dies if fees rise above $5, this is trivially falsifiable. For example, despite your posturing I guarantee you're not willing to sign a written contract selling me all your BTC at a deep discount if average fees are $20, because that just wouldn't make any sense now would it? If fees are $20 it would mean millions of real people *are* using BTC and that BTC has *succeeded*.
Contrary to popular belief, Bitcoin doesn't implode if you can't send nickels for pennies. *Bitcoin 2.0* may actually implode, but they should move to sidechains anyway. Their products aren't nearly as important as BTC the currency.


This too is trivially falsifiable: 
If you don't think today's rich and powerful elite know how to acquire expensive assets by proxy, you're simply mistaken. Wouldn't you agree the large purchases define you moreso than small purchases?
Money is speech. Spending $5 on lunch doesn't give nearly as much information away as paying $500 for something else. "You" literally speaking "put your money where your mouth is". Also, Bitcoin will never make you anonymous in a face to face retail setting unless you live in a sewer or abandoned mineshaft, so I'm not sure what you have in mind for small purchases that you can make anonymously that quote "define" you. And where are you going to buy those things anonymously anyway? It's a pipe dream.
@_date: 2015-09-15 01:57:24
My point to the other poster was you don't have privacy against the NSA with Tor unless you're also using a full node.
If only Corporations can run nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations, then not even *Corporations* would have privacy - you'd have to own the datacenter for that.


Assuming you did actually care about the poorest of the poor, it follows that you wouldn't want them on a Corporati-controlled permissioned ledger just to allow them the facade of "zero fees". They can get the zero fees on LN or voting pools without subjugating themselves to Corporate control. Perhaps you truly would feel like a hero giving an impoverished person a *Ripple account*. I beg to differ.
If you had a sub-$100 net worth, you doubtlessly wouldn't have a savings account at a traditional bank, and you won't have a savings account in Bitcoin either. Just maintaining a nym on voting pools or an alias on LN gives you censorship resistant access to real capital outside the purview of the financial and political system that would otherwise be slowly but surely enacting bans on cash and inflating away your already-meager savings while subjecting you to unfair civil asset forfeiture all of which Bitcoin - YES even Bitcoin on LN and voting pools - is perfectly safe from.
@_date: 2015-09-04 21:46:38
If I understand, you're suggesting a future where "common" full nodes will only synchronize a history forward of a checkpoint or perhaps the UTXO set, making it easier to sync those nodes on home PCs. At first glance, it seems workable and definitely more private and secure than SPV.
Paging for comments.
@_date: 2015-09-26 03:47:14


Isn't Bitcoin's chief differentiator against fiat its **fixed supply**?
Doesn't gold have a multi-trillion dollar market cap despite its complete failure to be used as anything other than a reserve currency or for international settlement?
And aren't there shades of gray between on-blockchain BTC payments and BTC payments with the likes of [Stash]( and LN?
Finally, isn't it more important for the impoverished to hold a money that isn't constantly being debased by central bankers? And who knows, maybe even one that is censorship resistant and decentralized so they can buy what they want and trade with whomever they want?
@_date: 2015-09-08 02:17:56
Yes, but it's important your audience knows your views on Bitcoin's end game. In another thread, I asked you: "If billions of people adopted Bitcoin tomorrow, would you approve of expanding the block size to a full 8GB knowing full well it would eradicate all but a handful of full nodes running in Swiss datacenters?"
To which you replied, [and I quote](




What more needs to be said? If "success" to you looks like Bitcoin being *thoroughly* controlled by Corporations running in a single BIS datacenter in Basel, then we're never going to agree on anything.
@_date: 2015-09-13 04:50:49
If exchanges and users want cost-free transactions with rapid blockchain confirmations without infringing upon Bitcoin's censorship resistance, they can just do those transactions on a sidechain. It's really not much different from putting BTC on LN or voting pools. The core currency unit will remain entirely unaffected.
@_date: 2015-09-20 21:32:13


... because the core daemons powering most distributed networks run on iOS normally?
This is just utterly disingenuous garbage.
@_date: 2015-09-20 00:19:43
This idea is right up there with paying miners with assurance contracts instead of fees. While it's conceivably workable, it absolutely constitutes moving the goal posts.
Really, is the *Smithsonian* going to be running one of the five full nodes on the planet with the entire blockchain? What about a bank? What about Coinbase? Is that acceptable to you? It isn't to me, just like assurance contracts to pay miners.
Who is going to have the money to be syncing the full blockchain, when to quote Gavin "**nobody new will be able to validate**" it after 20 years of megablocks? That sounds like a great way to make Bitcoin seem lame as shit in 500 years IYAM. "Well you can't actually sync the full blockchain, but it's ok, Credit Suisse does that. So does the Smithsonian. You can't actually do it, but you wouldn't want to." Again, you could say the same of assurance contracts, but that **doesn't mean** it's what you want to be telling the world Bitcoin is one day.
At the very least, this can't be the long term plan without discussing the security implications.
I can't help but think this all comes back to peoples insistence to make spending BTC *on chain* zero fee, which in light of [Stash]( and Lightning may be seen in 10 years as a benefit mostly to Bitcoin 2.0 companies. The users will all be on dedicated payment platforms like LN or [voting pools]( So it just doesn't strike me as a good idea unless your plan is to subsidize Bitcoin 2.0.
When's the last you even spent BTC? Satoshi hasn't moved his coins in over five years. Most people are similar, rarely if ever touching the bulk of their cold storage BTC nest egg. I just don't see the appeal of optimzing for Doritos in the chain. It's just not worth sacrificing Bitcoin's decentralization when that's ALL we're here for. As a potential commodity, Bitcoin increasingly sucks in proportion to how much its foundational aspects revolve around banks. You can't opt out of the Smithsonian or UBS being the only ones syncing the full blockchain.
Just seems like moving the goal posts in a huge way to me.
@_date: 2015-09-30 06:09:48
Nobody is arguing to freeze the block size at 1MB.
Rather, imagine Google and Amazon ran 100% of the Bitcoin full nodes while Intel, TSMC and Microsoft did 100% of the mining. Is that *Bitcoin* to you? Because at that point, Bitcoin is a permissioned ledger. Some might call it PayPal 2.0, myself I'd call it a Corporatocracy and a failure. It certainly would no longer be worth holding in cold storage - not more than holding a permissioned ledger coin anyway.
@_date: 2015-09-03 01:42:09
It's important that ordinary folks have the ability to run full nodes. Full node wallets offer better privacy and security than SPV wallets so everyone has an interest in making that happen *assuming* LN and OT turn out well. Now pray tell, what am I shilling for?!
And can you *please* state for the record how much money you've invested in Bitcoin 2.0 startups, companies and projects. Ad homs and dodging this question as many times as you have doesn't inspire confidence.
@_date: 2015-09-24 00:45:07
What's interesting is business owners everywhere understand the concept of customer lifetime value. Turns out, 20% of your customers give you 80% of your profits when you run the numbers. This occurs in every industry, including Bitcoin of course.
Hence, in Bitcoin terms, the most valuable users are the ones **most willing to pay** for the priviledge of making blockchain transactions. When people tell you they aren't willing to pay $20 to settle on the blockchain, what they're saying is their transactions just aren't valuable enough to warrant the use of BTC on-chain.
This was a crucial insight by Trace because SO MANY people who FUD the fee market for good reason can't envision themselves paying a $20 fee to make a payment of trivial value at Starbucks. Which makes sense. But these people need to engage in introspective thinking on this issue. It's been said too many times: your coffee purchases are simply NOT the ideal use case for Bitcoin. You know this because you're not willing to pay a $20 fee to send them through.
Those types of transactions are trivial, meaningless and can be done in numerous different ways. For example, you can use [Stash]( the public facing wallet for OT to make those payments without paying a fee. You can use LN when that's developed. You can use Circle or Xapo etc.
Contrary to popular belief, you don't need to indelibly record your coffee purchases in the blockchain for the payment to be valid at a merchant, no your privacy won't be wholesale protected but you can *take precautions* and for God's sake it's coffee.
Importantly, your monetary sovereignty will remain maximized to the extent conserving blockspace makes full nodes easy and obtainable for the ordinary person - ie YOU. On that note:


@_date: 2015-09-09 14:57:25
There's a difference between "not wanting people to use BTC as a medium of exchange", and preferring a fee market arise in lieu of a blockchain so unwieldly and costly that only Corporations can afford to run it in datacenters controlled by other Corporations.
What's funny is XTers think the rest of the world will use a Bitcoin clearly controlled by western Corporati instead of another cryptocurrency that is far more decentralized - which is the basis for ANY cryptocurrency to have value. That is, unless you're only here for the pyramid scheme.


Let's say cash is banned and cryptocurrency, Bitcoin with the largest network effect and number of vendor has a $20 on-chain fee to use DNMs. Do you contend Silk Road 7.0 wouldn't arise under those conditions? I'm not even going to mention the possibility of LN hubs hosted as a Tor hidden service.
And don't tell me you actually believe fees will rise so high that "nobody will use it for anything". That makes about as much sense as "Nobody goes there anymore, it's too crowded".
@_date: 2015-09-17 00:28:58
You're repeatedly drawing on the [ceteris paribus fallacy](






@_date: 2015-09-04 15:57:10
Agreed. But the chain can't become so large in the pursuit of this goal that the *one* full node validating all those "on-chain" transactions sits on a BIS-owned server rack in Basel.
@_date: 2015-09-21 03:04:05
Most recently, [Gavin Andresen is on record agreeing with Patrick Strateman's numbers]( proving that BIP101 will lead to a 16X blowup over the course of its 20 year run if technology fails to improve at less than 20% YoY:




After this situation plays itself out, nobody new can sync a full node. Gavin is on record agreeing with this, claiming this *will* happen and that it's OK for it to happen. The only people left then running full nodes will be the ones that have NEVER SHUT DOWN THEIR NODE FOR MULTIPLE DECADES. Do you realize what that means? Hint: do you think it's possible for an ordinary person to accomplish running an expensive bloated software daemon for TWO DECADES OR MORE? Because no, it truly isn't possible for anyone who doesn't have a datacenter number one and the means to PAY for that datacenter come Hell or high water. **That's called a Corporation**.
By arguing for BIP101 then, you're asserting that these events should in fact happen which they will if blockchain growth outpaces technological improvements. You can't plan for technological improvements to be better than a baseline because you don't have any written contracts from AT&amp;T or Intel guaranteeing a certain level of output and distribution of that output. IOW you're betting Bitcoin's decentralization on Moore's Law entirely.


Again, if technology doesn't keep pace with BIP101, Corporations will be the only ones running full nodes. You know this is true. Gavin outright admits this is true in his most recent blog post, and he's also on record in 2011 claiming BIG IRON will be needed to run a full node:


You can claim "I didn't think it would ever happen that way" but that's just playing dumb.
@_date: 2015-09-14 17:45:53
And even fewer will watch the talk or read the slides. This despite the very clear evidence that absent measured conservatism the blockchain sync will become quite literally impossible for anyone to accomplish who isn't running a supercomputer in a datacenter. To claim $20 blockchain fees will be what "centralizes Bitcoin" is just laughable in light of this fact.
But I've been hammering XTers about LN for months now and most still haven't even realized that only the onramps to LN have to pay a blockchain fee.. so I don't expect any of them to watch this epic talk 5 minutes start to finish.
It's absolutely critical to not squander Moore's Law on Doritos in the chain instead of using it to resuscitate Bitcoin's decentralization, which is what distinguishes it from Ripple and CorpCoin.
In addition, if we lose full nodes to datacenters, you can kiss all Bitcoin privacy goodbye forever unless you're rich enough to afford buying or leasing your own *datacenter*.
And for what purpose do we sacrifice that privacy? *Why* again do we want everyone on shitty SPV wallets? Oh yea, we'd rather limit node autonomy to those rich enough to own datacenters because people can't afford to pay *$20* to make a full blockchain write.
Ridiculous and nauseating.
Meanwhile rational people will use LN, voting pools or centralized wallets like Silk Road, while paying a reasonable fee for a full blockchain write. But oh heavens no, think of the ~~children~~ Bitcoin 2.0 investors who can't cheaply stuff arbitrary data into the chain for $20 at scale. Wall Street will abandon a post-institutional commodity forever because they can't afford it! This type of misguided sentiment is just *rich*.
@_date: 2015-09-30 04:41:23


People would sell but that's different from being barred from participating.
For example, if gigablocks made nodes become so bloated and expensive that only Corporations could afford to run them in datacenters controlled by other Corporations, the government would **actually** be able to "shut it down". In Bitcoin's current state, it would be impossible to shut down because even consumer grade hardware is capable of picking up the pieces.
Nuking Bitcoin with gigablocks ruins this defense mechanism against tyranny.
@_date: 2015-09-12 23:34:47
I've always said LN and voting pools are fine for DAILY CONSUMERIST BULLSHIT SPENDING. There's a difference between that and bigger purchases that can afford paying a $20 fee.


All of your examples eliminate anonymous full nodes and anonymous mining, making Bitcoin vulnerable to government interference either through influencing direction of the protocol or enforcement action.


Would an Argentine trying to save his family from inflation NOT buy Bitcoin because the fees are $20? No.
Would Silk Road have never happened if Bitcoin fees were $20 to begin with? No.
The fact is there are certain things Bitcoin can do for you that no other form of money can. One of those things is Silk Road, another is holding money outside the clutches of the financial or political system.
@_date: 2015-09-21 03:12:15
Oh, so you have a stealth datacenter presumably? Because there's hardly any difference between a world where 100% of the nodes are on EC2 and a world where the Corporate nodes are spread out amongst various Corporate-owned datacenters. Sometimes I have to make an extreme comparison to make my point clear. I'm glad to see you disagree with the notion of putting all the nodes in datacenters, but you might find it hard to reconcile that against your insistence on BIP101 given Patrick Strateman's talk at Scaling Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-06 03:40:44




No - Gavin and Mike started this fight. NONE of this was even necessary to discuss in public. There is no threat here, Bitcoin simply doesn't implode if fees rise from a tenth of a penny to one. Yet, they launched a full blown PR campaign on the misguided pretense that Bitcoin dies if you can't do full blockchain writes for zero fee.
Are you suggesting that those who disagree with these false pretenses just bend over and get *raped*? Don't piss on me and tell me it's raining.


I SAID - And here we have another Hearn apologist who doesn't understand **how miners come to consensus**.
Did you catch that? Probably not so I'll repeat it again for the real slow crowd of which you're a part: And here we have another Hearn apologist who doesn't understand **how miners come to consensus**.
How MINERS come to consensus.
@_date: 2015-09-20 21:18:10
And by idiots you mean 60% of the core developers, Adam Back, Nick Szabo, and the developers responsible for 90% of the commits made to all Bitcoin full node implementations. No, you're right, let's not listen to the experts anymore. In fact, let's instead make 20-year long technical forecasts based on economic pseudoscience.
@_date: 2015-10-13 01:45:30
You clearly didn't read past the Reddit comments.


FYI Gavin, second in command of XT behind Hearn of course, sits on the board of Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:59:06


And **your coffee purchases don't need perfect security**. It's COFFEE. COFFEE. Fucking **COFFEE**.
Are you *seriously* suggesting LN or voting pools aren't "secure enough" for your low value daily consumerist bullshit?!
What about a sidechain? Is that not good enough for your white upper middle class indulgences?


You can't fork the blockchain without majority support from major miners and, *under Hearn's Corporate node vision*, the Corporations who run 100% of the nodes. If you're not a Corporation- and clearly you AREN'T - then under Hearn your opinion would be NULL AND VOID. You would have no direct recourse against Corporati actions unless you were part of that Order and could run a substantial percentage of the nodes or mine with substantial hashing power.
And if you don't have the means to be a miner, and you don't have the means to run a node, then *at best* you could "lobby" the people who DO have resources to do *your* bidding. Good luck with having any influence in a **global Corporatocracy**.
The Corporate owners are free to tell you to pound sand, and you can EXPECT Corporations to tell YOU, their opposition, to pound sand as this is what happens REPEATEDLY, ALWAYS, CONTINUOUSLY, *AGAIN and AGAIN and AGAIN* in the real world. Do you still see no problem at all making nodes SO EXPENSIVE that only Corporations can afford to run them? Specifically how in the fuck do you expect to get your opinion heard if they decide to cross the line and do something you object to? What would you do if you couldn't even AFFORD to voice your dissent? There's a name for this actually, and it's called *Corporatocracy*.
@_date: 2015-10-13 01:53:14


Bitcoin is less than ten years old. Please let's not commit to a 20 year Krugman-esque economic plan without having more information just because a CEO said something on Twitter. kthx.


There's no such thing as a free lunch. If LN and voting pools actually DO work for daily consumerist bullshit Doritos-in-the-chain, then instead of squandering Moore's Law on coffees, we should use that to lean out the blockchain sync embracing Bitcoin's decentralized and censorship resistant properties which are ultimately the only features differentiating Bitcoin from fiat and PayPal.


That's rich coming from an XTer advocating for an abrupt regime change to a **dictator**.


Does this mean you agree - you would've bought BTC just the same in 2011 even if the on-chain transaction fee was $1.00 and technologies like LN and voting pools weren't on the horizon? Because if not, I have no idea what that has to do with anything.
@_date: 2015-10-05 17:35:18
That's only because you have to implement the core consensus library bug for bug, and this library is *controlled by the Core team*. If you'd rather it be under Mike Hearn's dictatorial control, you're in the minority.
Let's not forget this debate is about drastically different, competing visions over the future direction of Bitcoin. It isn't just about block size, it's about what does Mike Hearn claim he will stonewall - the prime example being RBF fee bumping.
In Mike Hearn's vision where fees are zero long term, and where Corporations run all the nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations, it's obvious that you should pay or subscribe to a Corporation's proprietary services, such as Chain.com, so that you can THINK 0 conf transactions are safe.
In the free software, open access version of this, nodes are run on ordinary PCs by individuals with ordinary internet connections such that nobody has to pay or work with a huge Corporation to listen to the blockchain.
And clearly, if you're heavily invested in a full node as a service Corporation, then you may not like the free software open access vision, because that means your entire business model could become the AOL of Bitcoin. You'd rather we bloat nodes to oblivion to inflate your Corporate profits and make your proprietary services a necessity for as many people as possible despite the deep sacrifices to individual privacy. Which itself is another issue. Turns out Mike Hearn doesn't have the best track record when it comes to Tor hidden services or redlisting of addresses, so a legitimate criticism of turning over libconsensus to Hearn is what he will do with that power.
Hearn can't stand the vision where free and open access to the Bitcoin blockchain is maintained for all, at the "cost" of having a fee market with RBF, while **superior technologies** like LN and [Stash]( service daily low value instant P2P anonymous payments.
Finally, if you're a government, you definitely want a heavily bloated blockchain controlled by as few Corporations as possible in as few datacenters as possible because that way you can shut down Bitcoin in an "emergency". It would also be much easier to influence key adopters of full nodes, making it as easy to detect full node owners as large miners in datacenters means the entire Bitcoin network front to back is readily detectable and vulnerable to external influence.
@_date: 2015-10-13 00:58:11
You can oust a dictator, but you can't oust the blockchain.
Once gigablocks go live, you can't erase them.
Every node lost to a Corporation due to the bloat isn't coming back even if you switch consensus libraries. The chain bloat is forever.
@_date: 2015-10-05 22:31:21
I'm sorry, you must've missed the part where I said:








That's what the Corporate agenda IS, you asinine fucking apologists.
@_date: 2015-10-13 00:46:08
Bitcoin XT is a 20 year plan, which in the Bitcoin space is an unthinkably long period making it on par with Krugman economics. Not only is its length of action insanely long term, in the short term it FIRES all the core developers except Gavin, ousting them in favor of Mike Hearn as Bitcoin's "consensual" dictator.
Does the CEO of Coinbase really presume he can use populist antics to shove in what is clearly a short term regime change, long term action plan under the fallacious guise of the "need", which itself is debateable, for a "short term fix"?
@_date: 2015-10-06 03:34:35


Gee, thanks Captain Obvious. Can you enlighten us further on all things Bitcoin?


Likewise, if you want a big, bloated blockchain why don't you just run it as a sidechain? That way we can we have a lean core with free and open access for all, and you can have your zero fee coffees which for some unexplained reason need full blockchain writes instead of LN or voting pool transactions which accomplish the exact same thing - consumer payments.


And I hear Exxon gas station customers "ultimately control demand" for oil, which determines which Saudi royal bloodlines are successful. In a Corporati network, the users and the owners of the nodes are WORLDS APART. You can claim "oh the Shahs will listen to *our* interests", but really you have zero power.
@_date: 2015-10-13 01:10:58


That's true superficially speaking. But if Mike Hearn has his way and gigablocks make it SO COSTLY that only Corporations can afford to run nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations, that bars ordinary people from deciding on the direction of Bitcoin.
In addition, putting all the nodes in control of Corporations combined with putting Corporations like BitFury in charge of the majority of the hashing power comes dangerously close to making Bitcoin a permissioned ledger. Permissioned ledgers are mined by Corporations and the nodes are controlled by Corporations, and if Bitcoin mining is controlled by BitFury and Intel, and nodes are controlled by Google and Apple - what difference *is there* between holding BTC and holding a permissioned ledger coin? None whatsoever.
@_date: 2015-10-05 18:35:04


This is a clear strawman. You can use [Stash]( or LN when it's developed to make near zero fee BTC payments. You only have to pay $20 to move coins in and out of cold storage.
If Google, Intel and Microsoft ran 100% of the full nodes while Cisco, TSMC, and 21.co ran 100% of the miners, Bitcoin would de facto be a permissioned ledger. Clearly nobody wants that to happen, even on the XT side, so why should we make it a technical goal to fly as close to the sun as possible? Shouldn't we be striving to keep Bitcoin decentralized and free from Corporate control?
@_date: 2015-10-13 01:04:55


Yes, and everyone will be able to get money into and out of cold storage. Bitcoin 2.0 companies won't be able to stuff arbitrary data into the chain without paying for the priviledge. The ordinary users will be on LN and voting pools, which if you didn't know - [now exist]( made by the same guy who did Hushmail.


This is exactly the sort of populist BS that shouldn't get a free pass. If this was actually your position are you suggesting we should artificially suppress the market price of BTC? That will surely make it "cheaper" for people to adopt.
No, at some point when you decide on BTC as an investment, you have to pull the trigger and take a risk. It isn't going to be all rainbows and ponies.
@_date: 2015-10-13 00:55:28
If you're an early Bitcoin investor, imagine a transaction cost $1.00 to send when you were first thinking of buying Bitcoin. **Would that have prevented you from buying Bitcoin in 2011**? Think about how the $1.00 transaction fee paid compares to you spending *countless hours* researching Bitcoin, setting up your first wallet, clearing hurdle after hurdle just to obtain your first coins. Is a $1.00 fee **really** the difference between you investing a million into BTC and not investing?
People don't buy BTC for the "low fees". If that were actually true, and people were ONLY buying Bitcoin for the low fees which is just *horrendously incorrect*, then once the average fee of a Bitcoin transaction reached PayPal parity all further BTC adoption would spill over to altcoins.
@_date: 2015-09-15 18:04:55


I had a feeling you would say this. Bloom filters with high false positives are the OPPOSITE of bloom filters as deployed today in popular wallets. This is because, to have high false positive rates on your bloom filters, you have to download more and more transactions until eventually the line blurs RESOURCE USAGE WISE between you running a full node and running a SPV wallet. If you're just going to run a bloom filter in full node mode, why not just run a full node with pruning? See what I mean. It's useless. You either run the full node or you don't.


Because nodes aren't only useful for *sending* transactions. If you own a Bitcoin private key and want to check your balance anonymously, you can import the public address into the full node and check it with true privacy. You can't achieve this in any other way.


I am in full agreement that the block size limit should be raised, but it's a mistake to raise it so high that Corporations run all the full nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations.
It would be a severe and unforgivable mistake to strive for Doritos in the chain at the cost of turning Bitcoin into a permissioned ledger if 80% of that can be achieved on LN, or voting pools or sidechains. It's just an inefficient use of resources when the only justification I can think of for it is to subsidize Bitcoin 2.0 use cases which are of inferior importance to BTC the currency.


If billions of people adopted Bitcoin tomorrow, their daily consumerist bullshit transactions wouldn't all fit in the chain even if you implemented 8GB blocks. You're going to have to face the fact that SOME amount of Bitcoin transactions NEED to happen off-chain, and LN or voting pools are the best way to acheive this.


It was true when I said it the first time. I implore you to directly question the authors of SPV wallets if you doubt my claims. Not one of them will have the cajones to go out on a limb and call SPV private by any means, no matter what steps are taken running a full node is strictly superior by an order of magnitude. When your life is on the line, you have no other option but a full node. This is *not* an exaggeration.


And I'm not saying you have to rely on off-chain services. I will say you need to pay a $20 fee for a full blockchain write, but you can clearly afford paying $20 for a large purchase which are unquestionably the most important type of purchase to make anonymously.
We also have no idea what the real-life privacy of voting pools with destructible receipts or LN with onion routing looks like, but I fully suspect it will be much better than nothing and for SMALL VALUE purchases, you simply don't need perfect privacy or perfect security. I have zero issues using LN or voting pools to pay my landlord or my utility bills or for my groceries or gas for instance. Now, if I want to buy contraband or donate to Wikileaks, then maybe yes I do want to send it directly from a full node to be certain I have the ultimate privacy.


Then you should sell your coins ASAP because the alternative is for Corporations to run all the full nodes in datacenters owned by other Corporations, ruining Bitcoin's privacy and wrecking its autonomy and independence from government oversight. The coins that trade off network decentralization for transactional throughput are going to look a lot like full blown permissioned ledgers and CorpCoins. I sincerely doubt that's what you signed up for.
@_date: 2015-09-12 23:07:21
I'm talking about nodes. Mining is besides the point. We all know the deplorable state of mining centralization, which is why sacrificing nodes to Corporations is the final nail in the coffin.


Corporations are entirely subservient to regulators. Hence, putting all those nodes into the hands of Corporations, along with mining, puts Bitcoin itself into Government hands - it's just one step removed. Take an enforcement action against the Corporation and the Corporation does your government agency's bidding or ends up in a world of hurt.
What matters isn't that a Corporation can run a full node, it's that **individuals can't**.


Permissionless until the government catches wind of you doing something they don't agree with. In which case, good luck if you're a clearnet Corporation running a full node in a datacenter.
@_date: 2015-10-05 15:21:20


Obviously so. Nobody has argued for freezing the block size. That's an utterly shameful straw man that Hearn apologists continue to use.
The block size will be increased, but it's never going to be so large that only Corporations can afford to run nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations.
If Google, Intel and Microsoft ran 100% of the full nodes while Cisco, TSMC, and 21.co ran 100% of the miners, Bitcoin would **de facto** be a permissioned ledger.
@_date: 2015-10-05 18:05:27


From the official XT FAQ page:




It's right there in front of you if you Hearn apologists bothered to read what you're signing up for.


And if we had RBF-SE, you could've just pressed the UNDO SEND button in your wallet and REDO the send with a higher fee, definitively solving your problem in an instant. Mike Hearn has explicitly and in written form promised to oppose RBF-SE in all forms.


And yet, the leading micropayment startups including Streamium.io and JoyStream are using PAYMENT CHANNELS for micropayments. *It's what they're for*. Using the right tool for the job. Is it really so bad?


Go watch Scaling Bitcoin Montreal. Watch Mark Friedenbach's talk and Patrick Strateman's. Gavin himself is on the record in his latest blog post agreeing with Patrick Strateman's numbers suggesting if technology doesn't improve by 20% YoY, BIP101 will result in a 16X blowup at which point no one new can catch up with the blockchain. You'd need a supercomputer for that.
@_date: 2015-10-05 22:29:04
And here we have another Hearn apologist who doesn't understand how miners come to consensus.
News flash: there's a monopoly on consensus. You're either in consensus or you're not. If you want to give Mike Hearn, who has pushed redlisting and Tor hidden service censorship, *dictatorial control* over how Bitcoin miners come to consensus, you're insane.
@_date: 2015-10-13 01:55:31
Ah, you must be a Nobel Prize winning economist- like Krugman. Gee, Krugman can you tell us more about what we should do with Bitcoin over a 20 year period? I'd sure love it to hear more of your IVORY TOWER BLOVIATION.
@_date: 2015-10-05 22:50:50
It's impossible to build a decentralized coin on top of a centralized ledger. It's impossible for the same reason you can't send an irreversible payment with a reversible payment system.
I can't believe you don't see any difference between forcing all the full nodes into the hands of Corporations in Corporate datacenters due to Hearn's horrendous policy of bloating the chain, bloat that can NEVER be removed and affects ALL Bitcoin users from a global policy standpoint, with a startup like Stash or LN building *on top of* the Bitcoin protocol.
Everyone using Bitcoin HAS to rely on Bitcoin miners and full nodes. They don't HAVE to rely on LN or voting pools even if the fee for a full blockchain write is $20. $20 isn't going to stop people from using Silk Road at large.
Unlike bloating the blockchain, which has lasting and severe side effects, gearing up the network to use superior technologies for specific purposes like daily materialistic payments has NO irreversible effects - you can always add more bloat if it really doesn't work. Meanwhile, people can opt to rely on LN or voting pools if they decide to send a low value BTC payment.
@_date: 2015-10-05 22:56:59


True, but if his previous core consensus changes lead to a horrendously bloated blockchain, you can't fire Hearn to get rid of the bloat. The bloat is **permanent**. You can oust a dictator but you can't oust the blockchain.


Oh really? And how would you propose letting ordinary users vote on upgrades to consensus code if the only people who could afford to run full nodes had to run them in Corporate datacenters at extreme cost? What if it were so costly, sites like xtnodes.com couldn't even GIVE the opposition a voice?


In a technical world, whimsical social notions are irrelevant. What matters is which code the full node users run and which code the miners run. If you have no means to be a miner, and no means to be a full node user, then sorry but your opinion is *fucking irrelevant*.
@_date: 2015-10-13 01:41:51


**They'll still have to sync the gigablocks**.


And how will they erase the gigablocks of bloat which they can't afford to sync? Are you saying they'll just up and declare the gigablocks dead and gone? No, sorry, that's not how blockchains work.
And even if you wanted it to work, surely it will go over smoothly in the court of public opinion in 20 years after everyone is used to gigablocks and the Bitcoin users have self-selected for that bullshit /sarcasm.
No, how about you ask what are the ripple effects of making fees cost zero and handing Corporations total control over all the nodes in datacenters controlled by other Corporations?
@_date: 2015-10-13 02:06:46
If you're just going to stick your head in the sand and yell "LALALALA" - I can't help you.


Again, this isn't how blockchains work. You can't just erase history. That's the ENTIRE POINT of a fucking blockchain.
In addition, even if you COULD revise the blockchain's history, good luck selling *that* one to the public.
@_date: 2015-10-07 01:50:39




















@_date: 2015-10-05 22:26:32


The fact is, miners are either in consensus with the network or they're not. It's a binary state and you can only achieve the profitable end of that state by running the official libconsensus everyone else is running else you risk suffering from a costly bug forking you off the network. This is how Bitcoin works today.
**If there was any difference between controlling libconsensus and controlling the core implementation of libconsensus, XT would have no reason for existing**. Period.


At one point, "the economic majority" believed the Earth was flat.
@_date: 2015-10-08 15:48:03


Bitcoin isn't VISA. LN is VISA. Voting pools are VISA. You can have free transactions on [voting pools]( or LN.


Blockchain fees are SOL here, they're not only affected by latent demand but by byte size of your transaction which is an aspect even hardened users find it impossible to predict by looking at a wallet address.
LN and voting pool fees will not suffer from random latent demand flux and transaction byte size differences, dedicated payment networks have this advantage over generalized distributed ledgers.


Global broadcast networks are globally DoSd in an all or nothing fashion. LN and voting pools are NOT a global broadcast network. You can target the nodes, but each node can supply its own dedicated DDoS prevention service, removing single points of failure.


Operating actual payment networks on top of settlement networks IS what "the financial markets" *do*. You do that with LN and voting pools. Problem solved, and glad you agree.


Anecdotally, I keep my wallet open until the payment confirms, a 10 minute window unless I don't care if the payment arrives today or in six months. And having an UNDO SEND feature like Gmail is obviously a HUGE benefit to end users, especially new users who sometimes accidentally pay miners thousands and thousands of dollars.