@_author: anonarbitration
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:28:19
When a group of people put together a multi-signature transactions they can send the bitcoins to any bitcoin address as long as the required number of signatures are provided.  There is no reason why the bitcoins for a successful transaction could not be sent to address for an exchange API and after being exchanged have dogecoins sent to the seller.
My only caution is that you are now introducing an exchange like Cryptsy as a central point of failure in the process.
I would look to integrate with decentralized exchanges instead of centralized exchanges.  A decentralized exchange would be safer than trusting a centralized exchange.  Ethereum, NXT, Mastercoin, Counterparty and Bitshares are developing decentralized exchanges but they are still currently under development or their functionality is still being built out.
Since you specifically mentioned dogecoin you may be interested to know that on the NXT testnet dogecoin has been traded on the NXT decentralized exchange.
skip to18:47
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:28:26
Let's walk through an example of buying a computer.
1)  To start the multi-signature transaction you and the seller would agree on terms for the transaction so in this example ther terms agreed to are:
Item to be delivered:  A new model X computer
Tracking:  The seller with have tracking and confirmation of receipt included in shipping and provide the tracking information to the buyer
Address:  The address to send the computer to
Non response:  In the event of arbitration being requested if the buyer or seller do not respond within one week the party that does respond will get the bitcoins
2)  You would let the arbitrator know that you and the seller have chosen to have them as the arbitrator for the multi-signature transaction if a dispute is raised and send them the terms.
3)  You would create a multi-signature transaction with you, the seller and arbitrator as signatories for a two of three transaction on bitrated.com (Bitrated makes it easy to create a multi-signature transaction) the bitcoins will not be able to be send without two of the three signatories signing.
Note:  Most transaction will not have any problem and so no arbitration would be required and my service would be free.  You and the seller would sign the transaction and send the bitcoins to the seller.
Scenario A:  The buyer receives the computer but then they do not sign with the seller to send the bitcoins to the seller.
a)  The seller would open a dispute with the arbitrator
b)  The arbitrator request evidence from both buyer and seller
c i)  The seller provides proof that they sent a new model X computer and shows with the tracking and proof of receipt that it was received at the address the buyer requested it was sent to
c ii) The buyer is non responsive (maybe they are too busy enjoying their new computer)
d)  After one week of non response from the buyer (as spelled out in the terms) the arbitrator and seller would sign to have 1% of the bitcoins sent to the arbitrator for their service and the rest of the bitcoins sent to the seller
Scenario B:  The seller never ships the computer.
a)  The buyer opens a dispute with the abritrator
b)  The arbitrator request evidence from both buyer and seller
c i)  They buyer claims that the computer was never sent
c ii)  The seller is non responsive as they have not shipped the computer and they can not provide the tracking information
d)  After one week of non response from the seller (as spelled out in the terms) the arbitrator and buyer would sign to have 1% of the bitcoins sent to the arbitrator for their service and the rest of the bitcoins sent to the buyer
Scenario D:  There is a problem with the arbitrator
a)  There is a problem with the arbitrator
b)  The buyer and seller agree that they both want to use another arbitrator for the transaction
c)  They select a new arbitrator and start a new multi-signature transaction
d)  They both sign and send the bitcoins to the new multi-signature transaction with the new arbitrator as the third party to that two of three multi-signature transaction
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:05:53
Here are some use cases of multi-signature transactions.
Buying things:  If the seller delivers they get paid the bitcoins.  If the seller does not deliver the customer gets their bitcoins back.
Pre-sales:  A mining equipment company could do pre-orders with multi-signature. If a new mining company that you pre-ordered from goes bankrupt and does not deliver their product then the customers get their bitcoin back.  The manufacturer can go ahead with production knowing how many solid orders they have in multi-signature addresses and when they deliver they get the bitcoins.
Decentralized equity crowdfunding:  A startup could do a decentralized equity crowdfunding with potential investors sending bitcoins to multi-signature addresses in exchange for shares in the company if a threshold amount of investment is reached by a certain time.  If that threshold is not reached then the investors could get their bitcoins back.
Surety bound:  A service provider could put up bitcoin in advance of starting work so that if they fail to deliver then the customer could be compensated the amount of bitcoin put up.  If the service provider delivered then they would get their bitcoins back.
There are many use cases and it largely depends on situation.  Multi-signature arbitration allows the parties who do not know or trust each other to remove the trust factor and setup a clear expectations that are enforceable through objective arbitration.
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:55:33
Bitrated is opensource.  So it could be built into a marketplace.
Bitmit is closed but some interesting alternatives are:
Cryptothrift, Bitpremier and Bitdazzle
Cryptothrift currently uses escrow "cryptothrift holds on to the funds until the buyer confirms the reception of the goods or services".  This is not what should be happening with a decentralized currency like Bitcoin and it exposes customers to losing their bitcoins if there is a failure with the central party holding the coins like what we saw with Mt.Gox.  Instead Cryptothrift should be offering multi-signature transactions with arbitration to protect buyers and sellers on its marketplace.
Bitpremier is the also holding Bitcoin in escrow "BitPremier will hold the bitcoins in escrow until the buyer confirms delivery of the item and the carrier reports the item as delivered. When both parties confirm a final transaction has been completed, BitPremier releases bitcoins from escrow and sends them to the seller."  Multi-signature transactions with arbitration would be safer for users.
Bitdazzle uses Coinbase which is also centralized and has risks for users.  “BitDazzle has partnered with Coinbase to accept bitcoin payments. Any funds from purchases made with bitcoin will be stored in a Coinbase account that is automatically created for you.”.  Multi-signature transactions with arbitration would be safer for users.
I think the reason these marketplaces are set up with central point of failure built in is because they want to be a middle man in the transaction to take their fee for providing their marketplace.  This could be done more safely for users by offering multi-signature transactions with arbitration.  Instead of two of three signatures it could be done with three of four signature transaction.  Here is how this would play out:
The four parties of the multi-signature transaction would be buyer, seller, marketplace and arbitrator.
Note:  In the terms of the transaction the marketplace would agree that if arbitration was required the marketplace would sign the same way as the arbitrator signs.
Scenario A - Successful Transaction
1) The buyer, seller and marketplace sign and pay the marketplace its fee
2) The buyer, seller and marketplace sign and send the remaining bitcoins to the seller
Scenario B - Arbitration in favor of the seller
1) Arbitrator reviews evidence and rules in favor of the seller
2) The seller, marketplace and arbitrator sign and send bitcoins for the marketplace's fee to the marketplace
3) The seller, marketplace and arbitrator sign and send the arbitrator bitcoins for their service
4) The seller, marketplace and arbitrator sign and send the seller the remaining bitcoins
Scenario C - Arbitration in favor of the buyer
1) Arbitrator reviews evidence and rules in favor of the buyer
Note:  The marketplace may want to waive its fee if the transaction is unsuccessful.
2) The buyer, marketplace and arbitrator sign and send the arbitrator bitcoins for their service
3) The buyer, marketplace and arbitrator sign and send the seller the remaining bitcoins
Multi-signature transactions with arbitration would also have prevent the loss of bitcoins from theft and seizure that we have seen with many darkweb marketplaces like Silk Road, Silkroad 2.0 and Sheep Marketplace.