@_author: anonpic
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:22:37
Good explanation. A followup question:  Suppose it costs $20 to close a channel and settle to the Blockchain. Farther suppose that the channel was being used between parties for micropayment purposes (far less than $20 transactions). Since it costs as much or more to settle to the Blockchain as may be in the channel to begin with, nobody will settle to the chain. Thus, the channel is insecure, no?
Isn't the security of the channel (and LN in general) contingent upon the fact that either counterparty can close the channel and settle to the Blockchain?  
So, it seems that higher fees on the Blockchain may NOT end up driving more transactions to LN. Instead Ever higher Blockchain fees make larger and larger transactions on LN less and less secure (since its increasingly economically unfeasible to settle them to Blockchain), and therefore such transactions are less likely to happen.  No?
In short, I don't understand how competition between LN and "on chain" transactions is supposed to create the "balancing" effect you mention. Rather, higher "on chain" fees render more and more LN transactions insecure and therefore not feasible. 
What am I missing?
@_date: 2015-12-12 03:21:17
Only accredited investors are currently legally permitted to invest in the fund (GBTC).  The fund uses the proceeds from those investments to buy bitcoins. Those investors must then legally hold their shares in the fund for some period of time before they can sell it on exchanges (I believe for a year). 
The fund (GBTC) has not been around that long, and there are consequently few sellers.  The general public cannot yet invest directly in the fund but must rather buy shares from one of these few sellers. 
The fund is currently the ONLY way to get exposure to bitcoin inside of tax-advantaged plans like IRAs and 4O1(k)'s, so there's much demand for these shares. Such plans cannot own bitcoins directly.  
So, lots of buyers and few sellers means the price gets bid up.  This will likely continue until the general public can invest in the fund directly or until retirement plans are permitted to hold bitcoins directly.  
@_date: 2015-12-25 17:16:40
It's a problem because the uncertainty affects the market price of bitcoins and prevents them from reaching their theoretical potential. Perhaps you irrationally don't care about maximizing the value of your coins and the Bitcoin network in general, but I do, and most others do.  
It wouldn't prevent Satoshi from spending his coins.  Preventing him from doing so is not the point of my proposal.  Rather incentivizing him to do so, and thereby to show the market that he still holds the private keys, and that these coins are therefore still part of the money supply, is the point. 
We can't build an efficient Bitcoin economy on an unknown money supply.  To function most efficiently, markets need to know with some reasonable degree of certainty what the actual and potential money supply is. In fact, one of the main selling points of bitcoin is that the potential money supply can never exceed 21 million coins.   However, we know with certainty that the ACTUAL cap on money supply is something less than $21 million.  How much less?  We don't know, and that's a problem.  It could be a lot less or a little less.  Again, you can't build a stable and efficient economy on an unknown money supply.  
In short, markets should know with a higher degree of certainty than they do whether, for instance, Satoshi's coins are still part of the money supply or not. My proposal provides an incentive for people to demonstrate once per decade whether or not they still control the private keys to their coins, which they can do completely anonymously and safely. 
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:47:03
Fair enough, but what about someone wanting to make two transfers of $10?  Or a million people wanting to make two transfers each of $10, each in their "own" channel?  
@_date: 2015-12-25 17:03:48
No, because nobody knows whether they are lost or simply being hoarded. In other words, nobody knows what the true potential money supply is.  A holder might reintroduce his/her coins to the market at any moment and thereby affect the current price.  This possibility is therefore reflected (or "discounted") in the current price.  
But truly lost keys are forever lost, though the market doesn't know that.  Consequently, the market assumes with some degree of certainty that it's possible that the key is not lost, or that it may one day be found.  Consequently, the value of the non-lost keys don't appreciate as much as they would if the market knew with more certainty that the coins were in fact lost or abandoned.  
@_date: 2015-12-25 16:15:34
Lots of reasons.  Here's one:
The presumption that lost keys benefit all holders by making the surviving coins more valuable isn't exactly true. The reason is that the market can currently never really know whether keys are lost or not, so the value never fully transfers to the surviving coins. 
Were I to ever lose my key, I'd much prefer to know that my coins would be reissued over a hundred year perid as additional mining reward than to have all or even a portion of that value to disappear from the Bitcoin economy forever due to uncertainty.  
@_date: 2015-12-12 21:18:51
Maybe, though evading the censorship is a trivial matter for most Chinese.  The tools to do so are readily available there. 
@_date: 2015-12-28 00:22:01
All true, but it's EXACTLY the same way that banks "make money".  They don't actually print money into existence, but rather create IOU upon IOU which ultimately get traded as is they were real money.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:05:52
Were it easy and seemless, a great many people, myself included, would mine at a small net loss (say less than $5/mo) if it helped support the Bitcoin network (from which they benefit far more than that amount).   For instance, if using Bitcoin saves me $100/mo in Western Union or banking fees, mining at a loss of $5/mo to support the network makes perfect rational sense.  
EDIT: typos corrected. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 16:18:58
I'm less concerned about miners and more concerned about the value of lost coins disappearing from the Bitcoin system forever due to uncertainty over whether the coins are actually lost or not.  Reissuing coins presumably lost via bonus mining rewards is simply a "fair" way to get lost coins back into circulation.  
@_date: 2015-12-25 04:09:09
Your Excel record is sufficient. There is no requiremet that you prove your basis in property by reference to third party records. 
@_date: 2015-12-26 14:32:09
Excellent point.  
@_date: 2015-12-28 00:37:07
Correct.  But the full amount doesn't get redistributed due to the uncertainty. If we KNOW coins are lost, then yes, it gets redistributed.  If we think some unknown amount MIGHT be lost, the market doesn't know much to redistribute.  Providing more certainty in this regard is the whole point of my proposal. No rational person in control of his keys is going to sit back and watch 1 percent of his holding be forfeited each year. So, each year that happens, the market can be more and more  certain that the keys are actually lost and redistribute their value accordingly. 
@_date: 2015-12-26 14:31:37
Good questions. I'm not technically proficient enough to offer an opinion, but I kinda like the idea.  
@_date: 2015-12-25 19:31:30
Fair enough.  "Can't" was too strong of a word.  But surely you will concede that a money supply that is reasonably estimated is preferable to one that's not.  
@_date: 2015-12-29 20:28:24
I agree. Bitcoin is likely to be the one currency, but there will likely be many blockchains used for other things.  
It will be interesting to see how many of those blockchains end up as Bitcoin sidechains though.  The security (hashing power) of the Bitcoin network is going to be very hard to replicate over and over.  If you are developing a new Blockchain, at some point it's easier just to sidechain and get bitcoin-level security almost for free as a result. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 19:15:25
I believe that 2036 applicability is a matter of one's legal right and not just practical ability.  For instance, if I sign a bill of sale transferring to my son all legal and ownership rights to $10k in cash notes stored in the family safe, the fact that I have still have the safe combination and could steal the cash if I wanted doesn't result in inclusion under 2036. The ability to steal another's property doesn't result in 2036 inclusion.  
Same with a paper wallet.  If I sign a bill of sale transferring full and exclusive legal ownership of a private key written on a paper wallet to a trust, representing and warranting that I have retained no copies for myself, the fact that I may lied and keep a copy, which I can then use to steal the coins, doesn't result in 2036 inclusion.  
2036 hinges upon my legal right to exercise control over the asset, not merely my practical ability to illegally do so. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:25:51
"The Internet will be banned once governments begin to fall because of it."  
Oh, wait...
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:01:58


@_date: 2015-12-13 21:59:58
The SEC has not yet approved the fund to sell shares to the general public. So only accredited investors are currently legally permitted to invest directly in the fund (GBTC). 
 The fund uses the proceeds from those accredited investors to buy and hold bitcoins. Those accredited investors must then legally hold their shares in the fund for some period of time (I believe for a year) before they can legally sell them on exchanges to people like you and me, the general public.  
The fund (GBTC) has not been around that long, and there are consequently very few accredited investors who have held long enough to sell. The general public cannot yet invest directly in the fund but must rather buy shares from one of these few sellers when they can sell, provided they are willing to sell.  So...there are lots of potential buyers and few potential sellers.  
Also the fund is one of the few ways to get exposure to bitcoin inside of tax-advantaged plans like IRAs and 4O1(k)'s, so there's much demand for these shares. Such plans cannot generally own bitcoins directly.  An ETF like this one is their only chance, and right now I believe this is the only US-based ETF of its type. 
So, lots of buyers wanting bitcoin exposure in their retirement plan combined with few sellers means the price gets bid up.  This will likely continue until the general public can invest in the fund directly or until retirement plans are permitted to hold bitcoins directly.  
@_date: 2015-12-12 03:07:23
My pleasure. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 13:34:03
Fair enough, I guess. Ownership is a legal concept and control over bitcoins requires no legal privileges, so I concede your point. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 03:51:17
Even Satoshi used the Blockchain for non-monetary purposes, for instance when he included the reference to the Times newspaper article about the UK bailing out banks.  Spam?  Hardly. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:10:58
But I'd still transfer the coins via the Blockchain just to be safe. 😉
@_date: 2015-12-25 16:01:32
The uncertainty of whether or not coins are lost most definitely is a problem. Should Satoshi movie a single bitcoin of his million coin hoard, the price of bitcoins would likely collapse, at least temporarily.  Currently the market presumes with some degree of uncertainty either that these coins are lost or not, and that uncertainty unnecessarily affects the market's price discovery mechanism.  
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:46:43
Correct.  It doesn't. But whatever changes will no doubt change regardless of whether the halving takes place. Said another way, the halving won't produce the changes in question.  That being said, we can confidently say that the price will be higher after the halving than it would have been if there were no halving. So, the halving doesn't cause the network to be less secure. 
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:09:47
Best answer:  
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:58:32
Congrats!  Now...just hold it. Here's a little more. .25 Btc 
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:25:07
All else being equal, the price WILL rise. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 17:28:06
It's a problem if you are a coin holder who doesn't want the value of his coins to be suddenly and unexpectedly diluted. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 17:25:34
Lost gold and silver is not a major problem because:
(1). We can estimate with reasonable certainty HOW MUCH gold/silver has been lost in ship wrecks, etc.
2). We know with some certainty that the number estimated in 1 above is a relatively small percentage of the total supply of gold and silver that exists.  
Because of one and two above,  we need not worry much about material fluctuations in the total supply of gold/silver. We can estimate it reliably and build an economy on it.  
That's currently not the case with bitcoin.  You can't build a stable and efficient economy on an unknown money supply, especially when that supply can be suddenly and drastically affectd by the actions of one man. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 16:11:38
Pretty sure.  However, so that you can't be accused of later manipulating the spreadsheet, you might use the Proof of Existence service to register the current version of it in the Blockchain. That way, when you sell ten years from now, you can prove that the spreadsheet used to track your basis was created ten years ago and not just made up "on the fly". It's not a perfect solution, but better than nothing.  
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:47:46
Perhaps, though litecoin halves in August 2015 and it is booming far more than  over the last few days.  So, it happened in 2013 a few months before the bitcoin halving, and it's happening again in 2015 a few months before the litecoin halving.  Coincidence?  Probably.  But... 
@_date: 2015-12-13 01:05:05
The public CAN'T yet by more directly from the fund.  In other words, the fund won't issue more shares to the general public in exchange for its investment, but rather only to accredited investors. The only way the general public can buy shares today is to convince an accredited investor (who bought directly from the fund) to sell,  or from someone else who has already done so.
 Said another way, the only shares of the fund that are currently being traded on exchanges are those that were previously acquired by a few accredited investors who  have already held their interest in the fund long enough for them to legally sell.   Because there is a limited supply of such shares available, the price gets bid up. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 04:21:21
You make a distinction without a difference.  The reference is still in the blockchain and contributes to its "bloat".  Whether placed there in a coinbase or a transaction is mostly irrelevant.  Miners (who create coinbases) should have no unique right to "spam" the chain while denying the same privilege to ordinary users (who can only do so via transactions). 
Regardless, Bitcoin is an open network and users/miners will use it for their own purposes, your biases and preferences notwithstanding.  Users/miners will ultimately determine what is "legitimate" and "abusive". 
@_date: 2015-12-12 03:24:18
Ah.  I now recall there's a $25 limit.   So, let's try it again at that level.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:43:30
This is basically correct, as I understand it.  Plus, the network effects of money are EXTREMELY strong and would basically force almost all value to the majority chain in a short amount of time.  The two chains can't and won't run side-by-side for long.  
@_date: 2015-12-25 19:34:20
Satoshi's stash, which may or may not be "lost", may only represent 7% currently, but the total of ALL lost coins is almost certainly MUCH larger than that.  Perhaps double or triple or quadruple.  Who knows? 
That's the problem.  When potentially a quarter or more of the bitcoin money supply may or may not exist, that makes accurate price discovery difficult.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 15:17:38
The premise of this article is simply wrong.  
Let's take Coinbase.com as an example.  If it were to obtain a banking license and regulator approval, it could easily engage in fractional reserve banking using Bitcoin.  It could, for example, lend the bitcoins that I have on deposit there out to you at interest while still telling me, on my Coinbase account statement, that my coins were safely stored in my Coinbase account.  
You could then take those loaned coins and go invest or build things with them. As you pay back the loan with interest, coinbase credits some of the interest to me (to incentivize me to continue keeping my coins on "deposit" there) and keeps some for itself (the "spread").  
By telling me that my coins are still on deposit there, and allowing me to spend some of them occasionally, while actually having loaned them all to you, Coinbase just created money out of thin air. 
Voila. Fractional reserve banking with Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-12-25 15:57:16
They wouldnt have to "spend" them (in the sense of transferring the funds to another person). They need only move some small fraction of them from one address to another once every decade just to prove to the system that the private key was not lost.  
EDIT:  Corrected typo. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 14:05:03
Good article.  Thanks for linking.  
Regarding officially recognizing bitcoins as currency, regulators are damned if they do and damned if they don't.  This tension between regulators and Bitcoin is incredibly exciting to watch.  
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:39:30
A bitcoin at $10 would not permit large transactions to take place in bitcoin due to lack of liquidity. At $10/coin, market cap would only be around $130 million. A $13 million transaction in bitcoin would then require one to obtain 10 percent of all outstanding bitcoins, and then sell them, all without moving the market up and down very much in the process.  A $6.5 million transaction would require the same to be done with 5 percent of all coins. 
That's just not feasible. 
So, either bitcoin will be used for large transactions, or a large volume of transactions, at some point or it won't. If it will, then a market cap much greater than $10 per coin is required. And it if won't, then it's basically going to be worthless. There is no in between.
Is it worth $600?  Don't know.  But I do know that it's not accurate to say that bitcoins are just as useful in facilitating transactions at $10/coin as $600/coin. They are not. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 02:01:05
I doubt it.  To sue effectively one must be legally harmed, and technically there is no legal harm until the law goes into effect. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 12:32:22
Even if you were right, and you are not exactly, the proposed regulations do nothing to increase the security of the blockchain. They do seek to increase the security of off-chain exchanges, by requiring 100 percent reserves, maintaining those reserves in fiat, etc., but that's a whole different question and point. 
EDIT:  fixed typos 
@_date: 2014-01-01 15:02:03
You make an excellent point.   Fortunately, nipping at the heals won't stop this train.  Actually, nothing will.  The only question is whether bitcoin is the crypto of the future, or something else is.  I'm betting its bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:29:24
Nexus is for taxes, but it is based on underlying legal principles that apply equally in the Bitcoin context--prohibition upon extra-jurisdictional regulation by states, Commerce Clause, etc. 
Warranty regulations do apply to "anyone selling in the state", but selling online to residents of a state, without any other connections to that state, does not mean that I am "selling" within that state.  If I order my Japanese friend a birthday gift from an online retailer operating from Japan, said retailer is not obligated to honor the warranty regulations of any US state.  Same logic (mostly ) applies on sales between US states. 
MSB's obtain licenses in all 50 states only because they intend to transact business in all 50 states.  Should they choose to boycot a given state they are under no obligation to obtain a money transfer license from it.  But I admittedly need to investigate this further.  
Agreed regarding insanity!
Bitcoin's biggest problem is that it's most vocal advocates still don't understand what it is, or if they do, they don't articulate is well and often enough. Most explain it as money or currency. Even Andreesen and the Winklevii speak of it this way far to often.  But it's much, much bigger and more important than that.  Currency is just it's first app, and not a particularly good one at this point. But, as Mr. King said in his comments, anything that can currently be done on the Internet (cloud storage, decentralized version of Facebook or Dropbox, email, etc.) can be done better if it were built on blockchain tech. In fact, the whole Internet can be rebuilt to run on blockchain tech.
Regulators don't understand that, and in some ways, the Bitcoin community is to blame for that.  In the long run, it won't matter.  Bitcoin is the very definition of antifragile. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 15:22:27
Here's one of his talks on the subject:  
His point, and your's, is that money will be a means of personal expression.  It's value will come, in part, from the shared belief system of those who choose to use a given currency. 
Believe it or not, I think you (with your Vegan example) actually explain it better than he did. ;-)
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:19:43
The lack of other women concerns me also, but then I think back to the Internet.  It was originally a male-denominated domain, no? In my experience, most women didn't become enamored with the Internet until Web 2.0 (social media). 
We may need to await Bitcoin 2.0 before fellow females adopt in droves. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 18:36:37
Dude, I'm a lawyer.  Are you?  Don't bother to answer.  It's obvious.  
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:28:45
Actually, he not. If you own own bitcoin, you ALWAYS own 1/21,000,000 of all bitcoins. If you own one zim dollar, you own 1 divided by however many some government decides to print.  
With Bitcoin, the divisor is always known and certain. Not so with most other assets.  
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:36:25
To clarify, as I read the regs, since sometimes in some places (undefined in the regs) bitoins are used as a "medium of exchange" (also undefined), any sending of any bitcoin, whether or not that particular sending transaction involved their use as a medium of exchange, falls under the regulations.  Remember, the definitions insist that they are to be interpreted "broadly".  
Said another way, the proposed regs don't simply regulate relevant financial transactions, they regulate all transactions on any blockchain network if the unit of account on that blockchain network is ever used, anywhere, as a medium of exchange.  This is analogous to regulating all communications that take place on the Internet simply because some Internet transactions are financial in nature.  
When it comes to the Internet, we insist that financial regulators regulate only financial transactions.  We should insist on the same with block chains, which are nothing more than an internet overly.  The current draft of the regulations go far, far beyond that.  
@_date: 2014-07-27 02:58:53
You continually ignore the fact that bitcoins can represent anything.  Unlike dollars or anything else historically used as "money" or "currency", bitcoins are NOT fungible. Each "coin", or fraction of one, is unique, and uniquely identifiable on the blockchain.  Forever and for all eternity. Unique identity is fundamental to their existence, an integral and essential part of the Bitcoin network and the solution to the BGP. 
This is not true of dollars, or gold bars, or sea shells.  Excepting cash, individual dollars cannot be traced through our financial system. A dollar can therefore only represent a dollar. It can't be irrevocably tagged to stand for an ounce of gold, or a baseball card, or a copy of a document, or ownership of an automobile. 
An ounce of pure gold is likewise chemically identical to every other and cannot be traced with certainty.  So, it likewise can't be irrevocably "tagged" to stand for anything else. I suppose you could stamp the serial number of my car on a gold coin and say that the latter now represents title to the former, but I could stamp that same number on an identical gold coin and nobody would be the wiser.  Nobody could tell with certainty which one came first, which one represents the true title. 
This is why I say that bitcoin are more like TCP/IP packets of information than they are money. TCP/IP packets are fundamentally, like bitcoins, just ones and zeros.  They can be made to stand for, or code for, anything. Unlike money, they are not fungible. 
Additionally, the world has never had a form of "money" that wasn't transferable either in physical form or on multiple ledgers. With dollars, I can transfer cash bills, or I can move them electronically from my bank's ledger to your banks ledger.  I can also convert electronic dollars into physical ones by cashing a check.  
Thus, dollars exist outside of the Internet. They have a life of their own. 
This is not true with blockchains. With blockchains the unit of account is forever married to a single ledger, the blockchain. They have no meaning or existence outside of that single ledger. They only have value in the real world to the extent that the ability to make an entry into this ledger is useful, and doing so is useful for potentially a million different reasons only a few of which have anything to do with money or finance. 
By contrast dollars or money or currency only have three uses--to function as a store of value, a medium of exchange, and unit of account. Thus, dollars and money are inherently financial.  Bitcoins are not. 
If you still don't get it, then I am afraid I can't help you. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 00:36:45
Understood, but like the NYFSD, FinCen and DoJ have not thought about it enough either. They too are misguided in defining blockchain units of account (which can represent anything) as money in every instance simply because they have market value and are readily transferable. Again, this is like treating TCP/IP info packets as "money" simply because some of them are used to represent money in certain Internet transactions. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 18:28:52
Sorry, but you're just wrong.  If I sell drugs for Pokemon cards, I can be charged with drug dealing, sure, but I can't be charged with money laundering.  Money was never laundered.  Money laundering has a very specific legal definition, but it basically means engaging in a series of transactions specifically designed to make illegally obtained money look like it was legally obtained.  
Now, if I sold drugs for cash, converted that cash to Pokemon cards, and then sold the Pokemon cards for cash to someone else (all for the purpose of hiding the fact that my original cash was originally obtained via an illegal act and to make it look like my cash came from a legitimate source--the sale of Pokemon cards), THEN I could be charged with money laundering. 
And, it's not true that non-financial uses of bitcoin may well be "non-existent".  The very first bitcoin transaction ever was done for the purposes of logging free speech into the blockchain for all eternity.  When the FBI confiscated Ulbricht's coins, hundreds of people sent tiny fractions of a bitcoin to the FBI's receiving address for purposes of logging complaints and political speech into the blockchain and giving the finger to the FBI. Entire companies are currently being founded for the explicit purpose of exploiting Bitcoin's non-financial uses.
I'm not saying that any of this would have changed the judge's opinion since she seems hell bent on a predetermined outcome, but these facts sure would have made her decision far more difficult and would have forced her to find some ulterior rationale for her ruling.       
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:28:55
This thread really isn't about Shrem, but Ulbricht.  
@_date: 2014-07-26 23:58:57
And PayPal is a third party whose cooperation was required. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 15:34:12
If your theory proves true, and I think it likely, then there are some really interesting financial implications. For instance, for the first time, people will be able to directly "bet", or invest, based on social trends. For example, think pot is likely to go mainstream, and the pot community will rally around a currency to express their interests and values?  Then buy a little potcoin now and, if you're right, make money on changing societal trends.  
Do the same, potentially, with gay marriage, or vegetarianism, or...whatever.  
Interesting idea.  Will be fun to see if it actually happens. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:32:46
I agree with your analogy, but your conclusion doesn't follow from your premise.  Yes, individual bitcoins are more like a pencil (graphite) used to write on the Bitcoin blockchain (paper).  But, like a pencil, bitcoins can and are used to make entries in the blockchain for reasons that have nothing to do with transferring money.  Just like pencils are used for more than just signing checks.  
@_date: 2014-07-05 13:49:50
Anything valuable must be scarce (either naturally so, like gold, or artificially so, like fiat and arguably bitcoin). 
To accomplish its purpose, money must be valuable.  Otherwise you get  hyper inflation.  
Therefore, all money must be scarce (naturally so or artificially so). Without scarce money, you can't have an efficiently operating econonomy.   
So, "artificial scarcity" is not a bug but a feature.  
The difference between bitcoin and fiat is that the latter permits forced bailouts of the elite at the expense of everyone else. In a bitcoin system, the elite lenders in your scenario can and eventually will go bankrupt.  And, unlike in a fiat system, there will be no involuntary bailouts or bailins of the elite.  
With bitcoin nobody can ever be deemed "to big to fail". Failure is always an option, and that makes bitcoin much more egalitarian. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:12:35
Incorrect.  Individual bitcoins are not "money".  They are valuable and can be converted to money, and its fair to regulate that conversion, perhaps, but the fact that something can be converted to money doesn't mean that  it should be subject to financial services regulations.  
An individual bitcoin may be tagged or colored to represent money, but another one might just as well represent a baseball card, an automobile, the or right to claim a steak dinner at my house anytime before Dec 31.  
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:33:43
As another commentator mentioned here, if you are going to regulate all bitcoins as currency or money (just because one might be used as such), then you might as well regulate all paper as such too just because some paper is used for money. 
An individual piece of paper can represent a baseball card, title to a car or my home, a Will, an advertisement, a letter to my Mom, or most anything else. Yes, they can represent money, but not all paper is money. 
Same with individual bitcoins. Bitcoins are no more inherently money than paper is.  Bitcoins, like paper, are simply a general purpose record keeping system. Further, compared to paper, bitcoins are not event that valuable. The smallest unit of a bitcoin (the satoshi) is worth less than a single piece of paper!
To regulate all bitcoins as money is to regulate all paper as money. It's foolish, shortsighted, impossible and will have all kinds of unintended consequences. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:31:02
See ya, chump. 
@_date: 2014-08-31 14:22:38
"Money" has a very specific definition, both in applicable money laundering statutes and in economics/finance.  Look it up.  Bitcoin doesn't satisfy either (yet).
@_date: 2014-08-30 22:25:00
So, I've gone from being "not a lawyer" to merely an incompetent one.  Progress.
The judge ruled that "funds" under the statute means "money" and therefore the money laundering rules apply.  Well, "money" has a very specific meaning in economics and finance--a store of value, a medium of exchange, AND a unit of account.  To be money, it must satisfy all three criteria.  Otherwise literally everything that has value and is sometimes bartered in trade would be considered "money".  That is clearly not the case.  
So, if the judge is to rule correctly, she should have either used the definition of "money" in the statute, which clearly didn't apply to bitcoin, or else she should have used the commonly accepted definition in economics and finance, which likewise clearly doesn't apply to bitcoin. Bitcoin is only marginally used as a medium of exchange, but it's definitely not a "store of value" (in the sense that term is applied to money) nor is it a unit of account.   
Instead, the judge based her conclusion on several premises that simply are not true. Her first premise is that "the only value for bitcoin lies in its ability to pay for things."  This simply untrue.  BOTH Bitcoin's most ardent supporters and detractors admit that its current value (over $500 per coin) is in no way justified by its current ability to pay for things.  As a payment network, and based on current transaction volumes, its value should be nominal at best.  Rather, its value represents speculation that it may one day serve as money, replace notaries, replace centralized exchanges of all types, replace registrars of all types (such as ICANN and your local registrar of deeds office), serve as a platform for secure voting, serve as a platform for establishing online identity, etc.  
In short, the judge fell for the common but demonstrably untrue argument that Bitcoin is only valuable because it can be used as money, and so it is money.  In fact, it can be used as money (actually, not money, only as a "medium of exchange" in limited situations) only because it is valuable.  And it is valuable due to speculation about all of its potential future applications, including its potential future use as money (if it ever comes to serve as a true store of value and unit of account and a much more widely accepted medium of exchange).  
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:30:00
As historian1111 says:
Every single person reading this should forward the entire email, or take the points important to you, and send to:
dana.syracuse ben.lawsky
and also governor cuomo's office
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:28:09
Eventually merchants will start offering their suppliers discounts if they agree to be paid in bitcoins rather than fiat.  Overstock.com announced last week that they will begin doing exactly that.  
Thus, Overstock will eventually use more of the coins they receive to pay for inventory rather than converting to cash to do so.  
And, eventually its suppliers will do the same. And their suppliers.  And theirs. 
And, within the next two years, a growing number of employees will start requesting to be paid in bitcoin.  Companies may even incentivize them to agree to this.   
All of this will lead to fewer coins being offered for sale on exchanges over time.  A lessor supply combined with increased demand leads to...higher prices. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:45:01
You can't really encode information in dollar transactions, at least not without some third party's permission.  Dollar transactions that occur on some "trusted" third party's ledger are censorable and corruptible and they are not "public".  Not so with blockchains.  
@_date: 2014-08-30 18:32:37
See pages 49 and 50.  
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:13:02
Let's take your word for it.  
So what?  
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:56:47
It's not so much a matter of risk as it is a matter of permission. Bitcoin allows for permissionless speech.  Prior restraint and after-the-fact censorship are impossible with Bitcoin. Not so with PayPal, who famously cut off WikiLeaks (to give just one famous example). 
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:24:15
You misunderstand or misrepresent my argument, and so successfully slew a straw man.  Congrats.  
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:31:44
On those points, we agree. :-)
@_date: 2014-08-30 19:03:53
Only, I am.
Please do a little research before you troll anymore.  Really.  
Money laundering is a crime separate and distinct from the underlying transaction.  It is the process of trying to make "dirty" money look like it is clean by disguising its source through a series of certain specified types of transaction.  
Consult any lawyer you want.  Selling drugs for Pokemon cards is a crime (drug dealing), but it's not money laundering.  Under your theory, if I sell drugs for something, anything really, even cash, I can be charged with TWO crimes--drug dealing AND money laundering.  That's silly, and it's wrong.  
The question is whether I commit a SEPARATE crime, called "money laundering", if and when I later transfer those cards, or the cash, to someone else.  And the answer depends upon who I transfer it to, and what my intent was in doing so.  If I transfer the cards, or the cash, to another drug dealer to obtain more supply, I have committed yet another crime, but I've not yet engaged in money laundering.  If I transfer it to Burger King for a burger, then I've not committed any other crime, and I've not laundered any money.  
If however, if I run the cash through a "front" business (like a restaurant or a car wash or some other business in which cash is frequently earned) for purpose of making the money look like it was the proceeds of a legitimate business activity (my restaurant or car wash) rather than ill gotten gains, and especially if I deposit it into the bank account of that front business so as to introduce it into the financial system, then I have committed the separate crime of money laundering.
Money laundering is a process consisting of stages.  For a simple explanation for non-laywers like you, see this:  
Having said that, your analogy to Pokemon cards is a good one.  Bitcoin is no more "money" than Pokemon cards are.  Selling drugs for Pokemon cards, and then later selling or trading those Pokemon cards for cash or other valuable goods or services is NOT money laundering, UNLESS:
1)  Pokemon cards are "funds"--that is money--which they are NOT; and
2)  The purpose of the subsequent transaction was to disguise the illegal source of those funds.  
If the above were not true, then every illegal activity involving the use of "funds" would constitute, in an of itself, a second crime called "money laundering".  In other words, if you are right and I'm wrong, then the money laundering statutes are simply a way to charge anyone with two crimes for the same act.  Silly  
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:09:06
Yes. Thanks for the clarification. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:52:32
Wrong, it is not legally owed.  Federal courts have so indicated on numerous occasions.  Simply google "sales tax nexus" for a better understanding of this. As you will see, this is in fact a VERY big deal. 
Constitutionally invalid laws are legally moot.  It's as if they never existed. 
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:35:30
I'd like to comment as well.  What is her email address???
@_date: 2014-07-12 14:37:15
Very insightful. Andreas Antonopoulos has made the very same point, though in a slightly different way.  So...you're in good company holding this opinion. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 20:09:34
Guilty or innocent, "nice" cop or asshole cop, never ever ever consent to a search without a warrant.  Ever.  
@_date: 2014-07-27 00:50:22
Constitutionally Bitcoin is very different from Liberty Dollars. First, Liberty Dollars only represented one thing (money), not anything. Second, they were physical and not traded over the Internet. The right to "coin" (that is, to make physical) money is very clearly reserved for governments in the Constitution. Third, one could regulate, or even ban, Liberty Dollars without having adverse effects on free speech, interstate commerce, or the transfer or creation of any other good or service. Fourth, Liberty Dollars were regulated/banned by the Feds, not by a State.  The Feds very clearly have authority to regulate interstate commerce, the State of NY does not. 
Thus, NY attempts to regulate Bitcoin are constitutionally a very different question than the Fed's ban on Liberty Dollars. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:55:38
BTW, I think the confusion around fungibility has to do with the fact that people never clarify whether they are taking about practical fungibility or legal fungibility. For instance, an ounce of gold is both practically and legally fungible. Chemically you can't tell one from another, and courts will not legally "blacklist" an ounce of good that was once used illegally.  
Currency notes (cash) are practically NOT fungible (each has a unique serial number), but they are legally fungible. Again, courts won't blacklist them just because they were once used in illegal transactions.  This goes back to some precedent set in Scotland long ago. 
Bitcoins, like currency notes, are practically NOT fungible (since each can be tagged or "colored" and subsequently traced), but they SHOULD be legally fungible (though that is admittedly an open question). That is, courts should be unwilling to blacklist certain bitcoins for the same reason they have been unwilling to blacklist currency, gold, and other interchangeable commodities. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:55:21
Let's suppose you're right for a moment.  What evidence do you have, or did the judge have, that Ulbricht was "trading illegal goods for legal goods with the obvious future intentions of selling those legal goods for cash."  Respectfully, I don't think the government has alleged that.  As far as is known Ulbricht kept most all of his profits in bitcoins, and performed most all of his transactions in bitcoins.  That why he had so many of them!  There is no evidence in the record that I know of that he attempted to launder the bitcoins.  He simply sat on them.
And lastly, non lawyer, when you are charged with a crime in the United States, YOU don't have to "prove to a court" anything.  Rather, the government must "prove to a court" EVERYTHING.  That's called the presumption of innocence, dumbass.  
And yes, you can sell concern for property forever and only be guilty of the crime of selling cocaine (rather than money laundering) so long as you never sell the property you obtained.  In fact, you can sell cocaine for property all day long AND EVEN sell or transfer the "tainted" property to another person for valuable goods and services (such as trading Pokemon cards obtained in exchange for illegal drugs for a Burger King Whopper) and STILL not be guilty of money laundering.  You could go so far as to sell that illegal property for cash on the street and not be guilty of money laundering!  Now what you do with the cash after that is a different story:  If you attempt to disguise its origin through the process of placement, layering and integration, THEN you are guilty of money laundering.  If on the other hand, you just keep it in the safe in your basement and spend it on day to day living expenses as you see fit, you're not a money launderer.  
Sorry, Charlie.    
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:21:53
The sale of ether at ethereum.org is going pretty well. Ethereum's own offering documents mention that substantial quantities of the bitcoin raised will likely be converted to fiat, some possibly even before the offering closes. So, perhaps the market is reacting to that. 
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:28:05
Fair enough, but the statute only covers "money" and "funds", not "money substitutes".  
Under your interpretation, a street drug dealer who trades his customer's heroin for cocaine, and then subsequently trades that heroin to his wholesaler for more coke, and repeats this process over and over, has not only committed repeated drug trafficking expenses (on that much we can agree, I think), but also has engaged in "money laundering" because the heroin is being used as a "money substitute" and therefor constitutes "funds".  
Sorry, Charlie, but that's clearly not right.  Such a person is guilty of a crime, but he's not guilty of laundering money.  
Same logic applies to bitcoin.  The only way the judge avoided this obvious conclusion was to conclude, wrongly, that bitcoin, unlike heroin, has no use or value separate and apart from its use as a medium of exchange, and so it was indeed proper to consider it to be money even though it doesn't fit the definition.  And, as I've demonstrated, the judge's premise was wrong (bitcoin is more like heroin in that it has other potential non-fnancial uses and its value reflects them), and so the wrong conclusion followed.  
@_date: 2014-08-31 15:13:42
Look up the definition (both in the statute and in economics/finance), please, and explain how bitcoin meets is "money". It clearly isn't.  
The judge recognizes this, but attempts to side-step the issue by saying, essentially, that since a bitcoin's ONLY use is to function as a substitute for money, and since its value results SOLELY from its use in this manner, it's okay to treat it as money under the money laundering statute (even though it admittedly doesn't meet the "normal" definition).  
The problem is that the judge is wrong on both counts.  And, no, her logic doesn't stand if you remove the words "only" and "solely" from her opinion.  If bitcoins can and are used for things other than money, and if their value results in any material sense from speculation about these future use cases, then, given that they clearly don't satisfy any legal or common definition of money, there is no reason to treat them as its functional equivalent for purposes of the statute.  Doing so essentially means that anything and everything of value is "money" for purposes of the statute.  
Let me explain:
Suppose diamonds rather than bitcoins had been exchanged for the drugs.  So, the issue is whether diamonds are "money" under the statute.  Well, they don't satisfy the statutory definition of money, so the next question is whether they constitute "funds" (which the statute also regulates but does not define). The judge indicates that the common definition of funds is money--usually money employed for a particular purpose.  
However, given common rules of statutory interpretation (that Congress would not use two words, in this case "money" and "funds", to describe the same thing), the judge implies that the word "funds", despite the fact that its common definition means "money", must mean something different (more broad, she assumes) than the limited definition of money in the statute. Rather, we must look to the broader and more common definition of "money".    
Economics and Finance 101 teach us that money is something that functions as "a store of value, a medium of exchange and a unit of account".  Without all three of these characteristics, it may be a good or a commodity, but it is not "money".   
So, do diamonds meet the definition of money?  Perhaps they are a store of value, but they are not a medium of exchange (even though occasionally used in barter) nor are they a unit of account (that is, nobody prices their goods in terms of a given number or karat weight of diamonds).  
In short, diamonds do not meet the commonly accepted definition of money.
So, what's a desperate judge who clearly wants the statue to apply to diamonds do?  Well, suppose that the ONLY used for diamonds was in barter.  Literally, that's all they are used for.  And, suppose that their ONLY value comes from the fact that they are used in barter.  In that case, and really in only that case, a desperate judge could (somewhat reasonably) conclude that diamonds are the functional equivalent of money (even thought they don't satisfy the common definition) because their only purpose is to facilitate trade, and so they are "funds" for purposes of the statute.  
But, what if barter is not their only purpose?  What if diamonds are use in industry?  And for jewelry?  And to make saws?  And for lots of other reasons.  
In that case, the judge is in a pickle:  Diamonds don't meet the statutory definition of money, they don't meet the commonly used definition of money, and they are a general good with lots of current and future non-financial applications.  Their value derives, at least in significant part, from the fact that they are used in these other ways, or can be. As a result, ruling that they are "money" has the effect of extending the definition of money to a whole lot of things that Congress clearly never intended.   
In other words, if the judge rules that they are money (simply because they are commonly used in barter and have value as a result), then by extension of the same logic, most anything and everything that has value and is ever bartered qualifies as money under the money laundering statute.  This would have the effect of making the statute meaningless and goes against the will of Congress.  No judge, no matter how desperate, would likely take such an interpretation for this and other reasons.  And, if they did, it likely would not survive on appeal.  
So, just change "diamonds" to "bitcoins" in the above analysis and the logic is still sound.  Had the judge understood that bitcoins have significant (current and future) non-financial applications and that their value is in significant part derived from speculation about these non-financial uses, then her decision would have been much more difficult.  She could not have ruled that bitcoins were the functional equivalent of money, and therefore constitute "funds", because they are used only as a substitute for money.  
Rather, she would have had to conclude that they were money simply because they have value and were used in barter, thus extending the definition of money into areas that stretch credulity.  
Such a ruling would have set a dangerous precedent, which is why the judge was careful to (mis)use the words "only" and "soley".  Had she done otherwise, then, by implication, not only would bitcoins be "money", but so would diamonds, baseball cards, stocks, bonds and innumerable other frequently bartered items that have value.  Such an interpretation would clearly go far beyond what Congress intended, would extend application of the statute into areas of our society where it does not belong, and so would not likely survive on appeal.  Had Congress intended such a broad application for the statute, it would have defined "money" differently than it did.       
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:29:20
So...are Namecoins used as a medium of exchange or store of value then? They certainly are the latter.  As for the former, who is to say?  The creator of a coin can't determine or predict how the public will come to use the coin. There may in fact now, or at some point in the future, be people willing to trade goods and services for Namecoins. 
For a blockchain to be secure indefinitely, it's unit of account must be significantly useful to a fairly large group of people and also be transferable. Otherwise, miners have no incentive to keep the network secure.  And, if something is useful to many people and transferable, it will almost by definition have a market value.  Something with a market value for long periods of time is almost by definition a store of value. Thus, interpreted broadly (as the regs insist we must do), it's hard to conceive of any successful blockchain where it's unit of account doesn't eventually come to be used by at least some members of the public as a medium of exchange or store of value. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 01:25:17
An enlightened perspective on regulation from Bitcoin Foundation Canada:  
@_date: 2014-07-27 03:07:43
Until it is passed, yes. Hopefully it could be stopped before someone was killed. The legal harm would occur upon it's passing. It's not necessary to wait till someone dies to challenge it, but it is necessary to wait till it passes.  
In America, courts do not give "advisory opinions" to legislators and regulators. They only decide actual "cases and controversies".  
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:20:41
It was Mr. King's email, not mine, but you make a very, very good point nonetheless. 
I suppose some might argue that, with bitcoins, the "paper" has more than merely nominal value, though I don't know why that should change the analysis or conclusions any.  Further, even that's not completely true.  Bitcoins are so divisible that a single Satoshi is economically worth LESS than a sheet of paper today. 
So, I think your paper analogy is a very good one. 
@_date: 2014-08-31 15:31:28
Your question is irrelevant.  Literally ANYTHING that has value can be used as a substitute  for money in trade--diamonds, drugs, Tide detergent, cigarettes, baseball cards, etc.  And yet, transacting business with them, even an illegal business, does not automatically make one a de facto money launderer under the statute.   
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:11:17
I like the analogy, but it's much broader than a newspaper.  In fact, it is more like paper in general. 
As another commentator mentioned in a different thread, any given piece of paper can represent a baseball card, title to a car or my home, a Will, an advertisement, a letter to your Mom, or most anything else. Yes, some paper can be money, but not all paper is money.
Same with individual bitcoins. Bitcoins are no more inherently money than paper is. Bitcoins, like paper, are simply a general purpose notation and record keeping system. 
Further, compared to paper, bitcoins are not even that valuable. The smallest unit of a bitcoin (the satoshi) is worth less than a single sheet of paper!
The difference between bitcoin and paper is that bitcoin can't be forged or corrupted or censored by third parties.  Paper can be. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:23:23
Want to cite some authority for that?
What you you say is only partially true. For instance, it Western Union wants to be able to send or receive money from New York residents residing in New York at the time, then a NY money transfer license is obviously required. Why?  Because Western Union HAS A LOCATION IN NEW YORK.  
Nobody doubts the authority of NY to regulate the activities of exchanges and businesses that operate IN NY.  
Bitcoin has no location in New York.  Like an online retailer, it exists only in cyberspace. I suppose that NY could try to regulate bitcoin nodes operating in NY, but...good luck with that.  And, even if they did, it would have no impact on the broader network. 
Note that operating in NY and transacting business with NY residents are two very, very different things. For example, NY cannot force online retailers who ship goods to New Yorkers residing in New York to collect NY sales tax.  It doesn't have the constitutional authority to do so unless that retailer has sufficient physical connections ("nexus") to NY. Simply shipping to a NY customer is not sufficient nexus. Case law is clear on this. 
But the NY bitlicense regs go even further. They attempt to regulate commercial and financial activity that takes place wholly outside of NY anytime a NY resident is involved. They would apply, for example, if a New York resident traveled to visit me in Tennessee, carrying his private bitcoin key on a USB stick, in order to give me an encrypted copy of it for safe keeping or storage, even if I have never set foot in New York and have no connections to NY. That is clearly an unconstitutional attempt by a state to regulate commerce taking place beyond its borders. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:48:24
You clearly have no clue what Bitcoin is, and even less of one about what it will be.  You are like some yahoo in the pre-Netscape days who thought that the Internet was only good for email and usenet groups and would ever only be so.  You are like Paul Krugman who thought that the Internet's impact on the economy will be "no greater than the fax machine's." The fact that Bitcoin (which is only one of hundreds of so-called crypto currencies) is used "mainly" for finance now does not mean that it is inherently financial in nature and should be regulated as such, anymore than the fact that the Internet was primarily email meant that it should be regulated like a postal service.  
Posting a message to the blockchain is VERY different from the examples you note above (using a dollar bill as a post-it note).  Once a message is stored in the blockchain, it is AVAILABLE TO ALL.  Furthermore, so long as the blockchain remains secure, the message CANNOT BE DESTROYED, ALTERED, CENSORED, or SILENCED.  Ever.  This has incredible implications that, if you thought about them long enough, even you could surely grasp.  The fact that you, and the public at large, hasn't grasped it yet doesn't diminish its significance.
Your post-it note reference is illustrative.  Do you know the story behind post-it notes?  It's inventor sought to create a superglue.  He obviously failed.  His invention languished for years until someone figured out that it could be used in other ways, ways that the inventor never intended.  Far more important and useful ways.  Thus, post-it notes were born by accident.  
Same with Bitcoin.  The fact that Satoshi intended it to function as money doesn't mean that it is money anymore than the glue in post-it notes is superglue simply because that's what its inventor intended.  
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:30:16
Money is ever only money. It can't be anything else without destroying its fungibility.
By contrast, a given bitcoin can be or represent anything.  As another commentator mentioned here, if you are going to regulate all bitcoins as currency or money (just because one might be used as such), then you might as well regulate all paper as such too just because some paper is used for money.
An individual piece of paper can represent a baseball card, title to a car or my home, a Will, an advertisement, a letter to my Mom, or most anything else. Yes, they can represent money, but not all paper is money because some paper is money. 
Same with individual bitcoins. Bitcoins are no more inherently money than paper is. Bitcoins, like paper, are simply a general purpose record keeping system. Anything can be "written" on them. And once they are written upon, they are, like paper, no longer fungible. 
Further, compared to paper, bitcoins are not event that valuable. The smallest unit of a bitcoin (the satoshi) is worth less than a single piece of paper!  Thus, saying that bitcoins are not like paper because bitcoins have meaningful value while paper does not is a demonstrably false statement. 
To regulate all bitcoins as money is to regulate all paper as money. It's foolish, shortsighted, impossible and will have all kinds of unintended consequences.
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:24:37
ANSWER:  Because you probably can't afford to save everthing you earn.  If you earn $1,000/mo and spend $900/mo, then you are only saving $100/mo.  But at least some of the $900/mo that you are spending could be converted to bitcoin and spent that way.  Why?  To support the bitcoin economy and because it's safer than using credit cards or carrying large sums of cash. By supporting the bitcoin economy, the $100/mo that you are saving, hopefully in bitcoin, becomes more valuable. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 01:27:55
I'd prefer to see the Electronic Frontier Foundation bring a lawsuit just after they go into effect. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 19:33:34
True.  Regulators with political aspirations do fear embarrassment though, and having one's regs struck down by a federal court could prove politically costly to Lawsky. The constitutional principles are pretty clear, and federal judges are not quite as susceptible to politics as elected politicians. Hence Mr. King's appeal to constitutional principles and past court cases. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:01:23
This is actually incorrect.  Read the regulations again, specifically the definition of "Virtual Currency" and "Transmission".  There is no carve-out for non-financial uses of Bitcoin or any other blockchain technologies.  The regs apply to any transaction that takes place on a blockchain, even if the transaction wasn't intended to be financial in nature. Technically, if a New York resident sent himself bitcoins for the simple purpose of registering something in the blockchain, the regs would still apply.   
@_date: 2014-07-01 12:29:38
It's wrong to conclude that Bitcoin's value is ONLY the result of externalities like the market forces and network effects.  Let me explain why using an analogy:
Suppose someone invented magical shipping containers that permit their inventor to ship most any product or good to anywhere in the world nearly instantaneously, anonymously, completely securely, for free, in a tamper-proof way, and with almost complete reliability. Further suppose that opening such containers (whether to ship or receive goods or otherwise) requires memorization of long magical incantations--that is, one has to invest time and effort learning to use them.  Their is simply no way to open them otherwise.  Furher suppose that these containers are in limited supply.
Such containers would have "inherent value" or "utility" even if I, their inventor, was the only person on earth who knew how to use them.    Even then, I could ship myself things whenever and wherever I wanted.  I could store things securely within them. One can imagine all kinds of legal and illegal benefits of wielding such power.  I could use this technology to make outsized profits in lots and lots of different ways, not the least of which is transporting goods, perhaps illicit goods, for others for a fee.  
But, if I teach you the incantations so that you can likewise use the containers, I just increased their value/utility exponentially, since now I can ship to you and you to me. Add a third party and we increase the value exponentially once again.  Metcalf's' law has now come into play.  
Bitcoins cannot be used to "ship" physical goods, but they can be used to "ship" virtual ones or more ethereal things like "title". They can be used to create an incontrovertible time stamp, like a notary service.  Each of these things, and many others, has some utility, some value, even if I were the only person with the skill and knowledge to use them.   
So, it's true that much of Bitcoin's value is attributable to market forces and network effects, but not all of it.  Bitcoin technology would still be very valuable, very useful, even with a single user. It has inherent utility separate and apart from the number of users, though it obviously would not have a market cap in billions without benefiting from network effects.  
@_date: 2014-07-19 11:43:30
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:05:12
I honestly don't know.  The alleged intent (which I have no reason to doubt, other than the accused is entitled to the presumption of innocence) was to trade drugs for BITCOINS.  Drugs are commonly traded for things other than cash (e.g., sex and other services, shoes, Tide detergent, etc.), so there's nothing particularly unusual about the desire to trade drugs for things other than money.
There is some evidence that the bitcoins were not intended as a substitute for money--for instance, the FBI seized tens of thousands of bitcoins in their raid, not money (cash).  As far as I'm aware, there is little to no evidence of Ulbricht converting bitcoins to money.  It seems he was quite content, for now at least, to simply hoard bitcoins.    
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:06:43
Mr. King's point is that Bitcoin isn't a "money transmission service" anymore than the Internet itself is a money transmission service.  Sure, both can be used for transferring money, but we don't regulate the Internet as simply a money transmission service and we shouldn't regulate bitcoin as such either.
And regardless, the same rules don't apply to "other kinds of money transmission services".  If a bank in Indiana wants to send money to a New York resident spending the winter in Florida, it does not need to have a money transmission license from the State of New York.  But, under any fair interpretation of the proposed bitlicense regs, if a bitcoin exchange in Indiana wanted to send a bitcoin to a New York resident  spending the winter in Florida, a New York bilicense would be required.  
@_date: 2014-07-28 00:39:32
He is The Man. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 13:11:06
And PayPal's approval and cooperation were required. Not so with Bitcoin. So long as I control sufficient individual bitcoins, I can publish in the register/ledger without anyone else's permission. 
Additionally, a dollar transaction can ever only stand for a dollar. I can't " tag" or "color" a given dollar to make it represent title to my car or my guitar or...whatever. Any given bitcoin can be tagged to stand for anything. Irreversibly, if desired. Dollar transactions are thus practically fungible.  Bitcoin transactions are not. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:02:33
This is true only if debts were denominated in bitcoin.  
Assuming so, then yes, they would swell in value.  They would, in fact, become unpayable.  Debtors would therefore be relieved of their debts in bankruptcy, and the creditors would lose their wealth in the process.  Instead of the lenders "owning everything", they will own nothing. 
The end result is that bitcoin denominated debts will remain very, very problematic and risky for the lender, at least until such time as the price of bitcoins stabilizes at a very high level and grows rather slowly and predictably from there such that debtors have some hope of, you know, actually repaying their debts. For this reason, the bitcoin economy won't be a debt-based one anytime soon, and just might never be. 
Whether an economy that's not based on debt is a good thing or a bad one, I will let you decide.  
@_date: 2014-08-30 18:12:58
Only, she didn't say "main", she said "only" and "sole".  And her decision hinged on those facts.  
My point wasn't that folks should complain to the judge, but to Ulbricht's lawyers.  Had they introduced sufficient facts into the record prior to the judge's ruling, there's no way she could have concluded that bitcoin is money because that's its "only" and "sole" function.  Would she have found some other rationale?  Probably.  But making the judge's job difficult is what a good lawyer is supposed to do.  Ulbricht's lawyers made her job way too easy in this case.  
@_date: 2014-07-27 12:44:57
Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2014-07-27 00:00:25
Yes, the regs clearly cover Namecoin and, no, that's not a valid application of regulatory power by a financial services regulator. Agreed. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 14:25:27
Shorting is selling.  
@_date: 2016-01-01 19:02:40
I infer that the sun will come up tomorrow.  And you do too. But...we don't "know" it. 
There's a difference between an inference and an assumption.  
Game theory allow us to infer how humans will act, at least in general, even though we can't say for certain how any given human might act.  Game theory strongly suggests that miners in general dump.  
And economics does too. If my goal is to accumulate and hoard bitcoins for purposes of speculating, I can do that with much less risk by purchasing them directly rather than mining.  Same with any other limited stock commodity--gold, oil, etc.  One doesn't buy an oil rig to speculate on the price of oil, only to produce and dump. Mining oil is expensive, and there's no way to cover that cost without selling what one produces. Same with bitcoins.    
If you prefer to remain agnostic even in the face of reason, then bully for you. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 13:50:52
Anything valuable must be scarce (either naturally so, like gold, or artificially so, like fiat and arguably bitcoin). 
To accomplish its purpose, money must be valuable.  Otherwise you get hyper inflation.  
Therefore, all money must be scarce (naturally so or artificially so). Without scarce money, you can't have an efficiently operating econonomy.   
So, "artificial scarcity" is not a bug but a feature.  
The difference between bitcoin and fiat is that the latter permits forced bailouts of the elite at the expense of everyone else. In a bitcoin system, the elite lenders in your scenario can and eventually will go bankrupt.  And, unlike in a fiat system, there will be no involuntary bailouts or bailins of the elite.  
With bitcoin nobody can ever be deemed "to big to fail". Failure is always an option, and that makes bitcoin much more egalitarian. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 13:51:39
That's helpful. Let me think it through. Thanks. 
@_date: 2016-01-01 14:24:05
Don't confuse stock and flow.  Prices of assets are affected mostly by flow, not stock.  If flow halves while demand stays constant or increases, process rises. 
Example:  Suppose gold goes from being produced at current rates to only producing one ounce per year, with everything else but price staying the same. It's true that there will be more gold next year than this year (1 oz more to be precise), but the price will nonetheless spike because 1 oz is not enough to satisfy current demand. 
@_date: 2016-01-01 18:28:10
Companies that regularly mine gold on an industrial scale--or silver or iron or oil or or most any other nonreplenishable commodity--invariably "dump". There is no reason to think that industrial bitcoin miners behave differently, at least not to a material degree.  Have they hoarded some?  Sure. Far more than they will ever need to be fabulously rich if bitcoin succeeds. But there's no way they are hoarding anything close to the 50 being produced every ten minutes.  If it pleases you to suppose otherwise, then by all means do.  But you, far more than me, have no basis for that supposition.   
@_date: 2016-06-13 20:32:44
Basically, he's analogizing the constant mining of new coins to a stock split.  Let's say that a stock hits an all time high of $100 an then immediately does a 2 for 1 stock split.  The ATH is then reported (on charts and in the newspaper, etc.) as $50, not $100, to account for the fact that twice as many shares as before are outstanding.  
@_date: 2016-06-14 11:45:41
Last I saw he expected steep resistance and "consolidation" around $700 followed by a breakout to $1,000 plus by year end.  
@_date: 2016-06-13 00:55:24
Bank failed in Europe over the weekend. 
@_date: 2015-08-04 12:11:45
1). Declaring something illegal doesn't necessarily make it any less useful or used. Drugs are illegal but are still used and cost more due to their illegality.  
2). Bitcoin is open source and incredibly useful for things other than "just" money. Not every country will ban it. Those that don't will reap the outsized benefits of blockchain technology versus those who do, forcing those who do to abandon their ban.  Imagine, for example, if a country had banned the Internet in the early 1990's due to its usefulness for nefarious purposes.  How "backward" would such a country be today?
CONCLUSION:  Baring extreme cases like North Korea, the world knows no instance of a long-term successful ban of open source technology. Quite simply, it can't be done effectively and trying is counterproductive.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:08:00
Clarification:  Not one that functions as a "settlement currency for high value transactions only". 
My definition of a currency:
1)  Store if value,
2). Medium of exchange, AND
3). Unit of account.  
Frequent flyer miles, for example, don't even meet the definition of a limited purpose "currency".  
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:01:13
Read all of Hearn's comments, not just the tiny portion noted by OP.  Hearn explains in detail why you can't have a limited purpose currency.  One has never existed because they CAN'T exist. There may indeed be a theoretical "need for such a thing", but practically it is impossible or at least exceedingly unlikely for to work based upon everything we know about economics and money.  To bank Bitcoin's future on its hoped ability to become something so unlikely would be irresponsible. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 02:34:40
So what?
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:36:54
Agreed. Nor can you keep the genie in a bottle and charge rent to visit her. The genie is out, and the rent seekers are screwed. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 23:00:53
Agreed on your first point. 
Bitcoin has survived attack this long without the cap ever being a factor.  The cap was totally irrelevant till recently since blocks were so small. So...attacking it must be more than "trivial".  
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:20:08
I suppose I could ask you the same thing about the value of gold or silver or the U.S. Dollar.  All are manipulated.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:06:57
And can you cite even a single known instance of gold being used to buy coffee in the last 30 years?  No?  Then I rest my case.  Gold isn't used for coffee because it's impractical for it to be so. Just like it will be impractical for bitcoin to be used for coffee in the future with a low cap on the block size. So, yes, you ARE (essentially) forcing bitcoin to be used only for large transactions if you keep the blocksize limit low. 
You insist that "only" Bitcoin can form the basis of a new gold standard.  But you don't explain how or why that's the case.  And...it's clearly not.  For instance, you know what else could form the basis of a new gold standard?  Gold!
There are only three things that make Bitcoin a first-of-its kind invention and gives it value:  1) the immutability of its ledger/database, 2) it's decentralized nature, and 3) permissionless innovation.  By keeping the block size articially low, you are essentially killing, or at least severely restricting, number 3.  You are trying to force a truly disruptive innovation with infinite use cases into YOUR pre-determined philosophical bottle. 
That's somewhat like trying to limit bandwidth on the Internet in to 1995 levels because you be believe that the primary "value" and use case for the Internet in 1995 was email, and email worked perfectly fine in 1995. But in 1995, nobody had thought of email attachments or YouTube or Facebook or Netflix BitTorrent or...Bitcoin.  Capping Internet bandwidth at some arbitrary level to fit the Internet into some predetermined idea of what you thought it was and should be in 1995 would have been incredibly short-sighted, to say it kindly.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:44:23
The idea that there won't be another bubble (which some have argued in the comments) is silly.  The odds favor multiple additional bubbles. Here's why:
1) Bitcoin is an open, permissionless network with never-before-seen capabilities.   In short, it allows a great many important things to happen that were previously impossible, and ANYONE can join and innovate on the network without permission or authorization.  
2) Networks have value, and networks with unique capabilities have unique value.
3) We have accepted ways of valuing networks--Metcalfe's Law (which is increasingly suspect) and the "n log(n)" valuation metric.  The two agree that a network's value varies with the number of users, they differ only in how much the value increases with each additional user.  
4) Individual bitcoins represent, essentially, a transferable license to use the Bitcoin network.  Without possessing and transferring at least a fraction of a bitcoin, the Bitcoin network is useless to you.
5) Thus, if using the Bitcoin network has value, then individual bitcoins have value.  Anyone who has spent any time with Bitcoin knows that that there are a nearly infinite number of use cases for a scaled-up Bitcoin network.  
6) Prior to Bitcoin, the world had seen only one other open, semi-permissionless network with never-before-seen capabilities--the Interent.  
7) Bitcoin's rate of user adoption (as measured by wallets and transactions) exceeds that of even the Internet.  In the late 1980's, long after Al Gore invented it, few on earth even knew want the Internet was, and few of those who did thought that it would amount to much.  Bitcoin is today where the Internet was in the early 1990's. 
8). If current rates of user adoption hold, my calculation of Bitcoin's "value" in coming years (using the n log(n) metric), assuming current adoption trends hold, is as follows:
Dec 2015 $1,000
Dec 2016 $3,000
Dec 2018 $25,000
Dec 2020 $200,000
My calculations assume 400,000 unique daily users (on and off chain) today, growing to 100 million UDUsby Dec 2020.  
 9) However, value and price are two separate things.  Use value, which is what network valuation metrics are based upon, is determined by the usability of the network today.  Price is based upon discounted assumptions of the status and usefulness of the network in the FUTURE, combined with current levels of liquidity.  
10) Both the discount rate and liquidity are functions of knowledge and uncertainty.  Given that Bitcoin is a novel invention known and understood by very few, that it currently operates in beta, and that it considered unproven even by some who know of it, the discount rate applied is very high and constantly changing and liquidity is quite low.  Hence price is volatile and won't agree to the calculated value at any given moment. However, over the mid and long term, the two invariably converge. 
11). Baring something coming along that is 10X better than Bitcoin at fulfilling Bitcoin's value proposition, the Bitcoin network will continue to grow immensely and its value/price will too.  But predicting price at any given moment is impossible. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 16:53:59
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:34:25
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:26:34
You misunderstand.  
Those who support maintaining a low artificial limit on the size of mined blocks have been forced to concede that doing this will limit bitcoin's usefulness as a day-to-day medium of exchange.  They were very reluctant to concede this at first, but most have been forced to do so stating, for example, that "bitcoin shouldn't be used to buy a coffee" or for micropayments or for trivial non-monetary transactions of little value or import. 
Having conceded this, they nonetheless insist that this limitation is nothing to be concerned about.  They argue that even if bitcoin won't be used for such things, it can still be useful, and valuable, when used ONLY as a settlement currency for large value transactions. 
Mike Hearn responded to this argument by pointing out that history knows no such thing as a currency used ONLY to settle high value transactions.  You, and others, have argued here that Mike is wrong because gold is used this way.  
I have demonstrated that gold is NOT used this way and never has been.  Gold was used to settle large transactions historically only because it was used to settle most EVERY transaction (both large and small) historically (for instance, during the gold standard).  Since the end of the gold standard, when gold ceased to be an accepted means of settlement for all transactions (large and small), gold has not, contrary to your unfounded and undocumented assertions, continued to be used as an acceptable means of regularly settling large transactions (absent duress). Do we see occasional instances of barter with gold?  Of course. As we do with oil and wheat and war planes and any number of other goods/commodities.  But we don't consider these other goods/commodities to be a general purpose "settlement currency for large transactions", nor does their value derive from their use ONLY as such. Neither is/does gold. And neither can Bitcoin survive as such. 
If Bitcoin doesn't handle the small financial transactions and the non-monetary uses for a blockchain, some other blockchain will.  And a blockchain capable of handling a great many small things will quickly grow to be capable of handling large ones.  Quite simply, due to network effects and other causes, there is no reason to believe that Bitcoin can succeed as a limited purpose blockchain dedicated only or primarily to settling large transactions. It must do more than that, much more, or something else better will.  Once people begin using that something else, the idea that they will then revert to bitcoin whenever they engage in "large" transactions is naive and lacks historical precedent.  
EDITED FOR TYPOS
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:15:01
I don't necessarily agree with what you have to say here, except I would debate whether it's a foregone conclusion at this point that Bitcoin is THE blockchain that will win. It is still early, and some other blockchain that offers more use cases and less arbitrary limits could catch it.  Such an alternative blockchains fueled by innovation and capital inflows due to its variety of uses, would ultimately serve just as well as Bitcoin at "attracting ever-growing amounts of capital willing to exit regulatory friction".   
In short, all your statements above are true as regards SOME blockchain, but no necessarily Bitcoin.  If Bitcoin is to be the winner whit at works in the manner you describe, it has more hussle and innovating to do.  And arbitrary limits reduce the opportunities for that.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:18:03
No, gold has never functioned "only" as that. It has certainly been used to settle high value transactions in the past, but during that time it was widely used and accepted for all transactions large and small (e.g., during the time of the gold standard).  
Since the end of the gold standard it has been used occasionally in barter (such as Iran trading oil for gold when it was cut off from the worldwide financial system), but these limited barter transactions do not make gold a "currency". Yes, it's a store of value.  But it's not a recognized medium of exchange (except in limited barter transactions, and even then usually under duress), nor is it a unit of account.  The oil that Iran traded for gold was priced in DOLLARS, not in ounces of gold.  I can't think of a single instance in recent decades where gold has served as a unit of account in settling transactions, large or small.  I'm sure a few exist, but they would be the exception that proves the rule.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:44:49
Your whole argument hinges upon a false premise--that you can't have both a "data dumpster" (to use your pejorative term for one of history's greatest innovations, the immutable open ledger/database) and a currency.  That it's one or the other.  
While my whole point is that you must have voted. The Bitcoin network's value is a function of its usefulness as an immutable open ledger with a nearly infinite number of use cases.  Individual bitcoins are valuable because they represent a transferable license to use that ledger granted by the DApp that oversees it.  Because bitcoins have value, and because they are so easily transferable, they are highly, highly, highly useful as currency.  
In short, Bitcoin can and must be BOTH a data dumpster and a free currency,  If it doesn't seize the opportunity to do so, something else (Ethereum, perhaps) surly will.  Network effects demand it.  
@_date: 2015-08-02 22:07:24
But...we know that the raising the limit is not an issue because...it's never been an issue. For many years we filled blocks that were only one partly full, and everything worked fine.  Only recently have we approached the point where the limit matters.  So...from a day to day perspective, the LIMIT is a new thing, not raising it.  It's the limit that, for the first time, is becoming an issue.  It's the limit that is therefore the "experiment".  Raising the limit would simply mean that the network continues working as it has for the last six years.   
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:24:22
Okay, now you're just trolling with ad hominems.  
I'm a HUGE fan of bitcoin.  I guarantee you that I got into it WAY before you did, and I guarantee that I own WAY more of them than you do, and I guarantee that I understand then better than you.    And I also guarantee that I have a far better education in economics, finance, and technology than you do (that is, unless you have both a masters and doctorate and have worked in these areas for 30 years). 
All an Argentine cares about is whether someone will trade him what he wants for what he has, and for what he has to hold its value.  And perhaps he cares about registering the deed to his house and land in an immutable ledger where some government official can't seize title to it or assign such title to someone else.  
Value comes from lots of places, not just from being "money". Stocks are valuable, though they are not money.  Land is valuable, though it's not money.  Crypto is value as a result of its immutable ledger, And such ledgers are useful for a great many things besides money, and they benefit poor Argentine's more than most.  
Yes, bitcoin is "free money". But that's not all it is, dumbass.  And it won't survive as such unless it's useful for other things too.  
And oh, btw, "free money" and a "new gold standard" are two mutually exclusive ideas.  Free money doesn't need a "standard".  
@_date: 2015-07-02 18:05:58
Try making an entry in the block chain ledger without transferring a bitcoin. Good luck. 
@_date: 2015-08-31 22:54:38
Exactly. Hence the motto "fail early, fail often".  
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:33:26
I never said that we have never had a high value transactional medium, only that we've never had a medium that served ONLY as such (that is, to the exclusion of low value transactions and other uses). 
@_date: 2015-08-08 12:10:34
Indeed. Que Krugman quote. 
@_date: 2015-07-12 15:07:32
True.  It needs to be stable for people to become confident in using it as a currency/money. 
But, today there are ways for vendors and even consumers to use it as money while hedging away the volatility risk. Various wallet companies already do this today, and others are coming.   
Regardless, bitcoin doesn't need to be used (initially) as currency/money for it to be incredibly valuable.  Even if it's not used as money, it's still valuable:
1). As a means of storing wealth outside of banks,
2). As a means of storing wealth where it cannot be seized or have a lien place upon it
3). As a means of avoiding capital controls 
4). To facilitate smart contracts
5). To facilitate micropayments
6). As a payments network
7). As a base layer protocol for registering or transferring ownership of most any asset
8). As a store of value rivaling gold/silver
9). As a means of facilitating triple entry bookkeeping
10). As a core protocol for the Internet of Things
11). Etc.  
As such use cases mature, bitcoin's value is likely to skyrocket (IMHO, given its limited supply), eventually reaching hundreds of billions if not trillions of dollars.  At that point liquidity is no longer an issue, and it therefore becomes much less volatile (especially on the downside). Then and only then it could really function as full-blown money (in the sense of serving as a unit of account). 
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:52:20
There are three things that, in combination, make Bitcoin a never-before-seen innovation:  1). It's immutable ledger/database, 2) it's decentralized nature, and 3) it's permissionless innovation.  
Those who support limited the block size think two is more important than three at this stage of Bitcoin's development.  Arbitrary caps on block size will undoubtedly limit its usefulness and increase its cost, thereby reducing innovation, especially versus alternative blockchains that don't impose such arbitrary limits.   For the pro-limit camp, lower innovation is a small price to pay to achieve maximum decentralization.  
Those who are opposed to arbitrary limits, like me, value number three ahead of number two, at least to a point.  We see tart the greatest threat to Bitcoin is some competitor that does everyone that Bitcion does, only better, and the a lot more to boot. We agree that we can't sacrifice decentralization for innovation completely, and I would never want to do so, built we can (and in my opinion should) sacrifice a little bit of decentralization now for much higher rates of innovation in the near future.  
In our view, the decentralizion issue can be solved in the future via a variety of means, not the least of which is that a rising bitcoin price (that results almost invariably from our favored innovation) will surely attract more miners and operators of full nodes.  Should the price rise high enough, nation states will no doubt compete among themselves to ensure that each has within its borders, and subject to its jurisdiction, a sufficient number of core nodes to guarantee that its enemies, or even allies, can never control the network.  It's not hard to imagine nation states even subsidizing the bandwidth needed, or even the energy costs, so that a reasonable worldwide balance of full nodes is achieved over time.  Ultimately, Bitcoin may end the nation state as we know it, but not before they sign their own death warrant via an economic arms race that supports and enables it.  
But none of that will happen without sufficient innovation and development, which won't happen if arbitrary limits are imposed upon the the protocol. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 16:15:47
But no leverage. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 21:28:23
Your whole premise relies on a single statement:  "We cannot have our standard and our coffee money too".
But...why not.  I argue that you can.  There's nothing inherently inconsistent between using the a medium of exchange to settle one's coffee bill and also for that same medium to serve as the standard that you desire.  In fact,  such was the case for centuries when the world operated on the gold standard.  And, this would seem to be preferable to the bifurcated approach that you, for reasons unnamed, insist is the only one that will work.  
And yes, not only have I studied economics and finance, but I've worked in it for nearly three decades.  And I'm a huge fan and holder of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 15:38:07
Companies don't settle their debts in gold.  Not even nation states today settle obligations between themselves with gold. They do so generally with dollars, which is why the dollar is called the world's "reserve" currency.  
Dollars are not backed by gold.  Nor is the currency if any other nation state.  
Undeniable conclusion:  gold does not presently serve as a "settlement currency for high value transactions."
Is gold a "store of value". Yes. Is it a medium of exchange?  Not currently.  Is it a unit of account?  Essentially nowhere on earth. 
Don't get me wrong, I love gold an own a lot of it.  But Hearn is right, it's not a settlement currency and hasn't been for a generation or more. Might it be again one day?  It might.  Or more likely bitcoin will usurp its role as such the next time the opportunity arises.  
There is, in fact, no such thing as a settlement currency for high value transactions.   Deal with it and argue your case accordingly, but don't pretend that the facts are other than they are.  
@_date: 2015-07-12 14:49:20
A successful currency must be liquid.  Liquidity requires that the underlying asset have major, major value so that individual purchases and sales, even large ones, don't affect the purchasing power of the asset.  
No successful currency can exist with only $4 billion market cap. At that level, there simply isn't sufficient liquidity.  
For Bitcoin to succeed as a currency, its value must increase dramatically.  It would be nice it that happened in a steady and predictable fashion, but we all know that's impossible.  
@_date: 2015-07-02 19:31:20
This script transfers unspent output (bitcoins) from one address (X) to another address (Y). No?  If so, then my point stands.  
@_date: 2015-07-11 15:16:48
Agreed. I was seeking an explanation for bitcoin's sudden rise and litecoin's sudden crash yesterday. Litecoin rose by 4X in recent days only to tank right when Bitcoin spiked.   
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:01:31
It's Facebook's motto, among others, and Facebook is currently worth much, much more than Bitcoin.   
@_date: 2015-11-29 15:38:48
Th "average person" in most of the world doesn't even have a bank account, much less a credit card.  There are more than 4 billion people who are unbanked.  For them, the "normal financial system" doesn't work "just fine".  
@_date: 2015-11-04 17:35:45
I had your experience in 2012 and haven't recovered since. The implications of Bitcoin are mind-blowing.  Welcome to the rabbit hole. 