@_author: anoncoin12
@_date: 2013-12-24 09:24:04
My DM on twitter with them. Edited out my personal stuff. 
So how is this all funded?
 
it's an advertisement budget we use it to try out new ways of getting fast positive response from a 100%targeted client group
We are into btc since 2010 -the very early days,and bought them at lowest prices. Goal is to get potential clients attention
What is your business at the end of the day? Any progress on my transaction?
Thank you.I know there is a chance that a few big whales come and grab everything.Still Creates biggest confidence/short time
So if it's all automatic how do you follow up with them to see if they're interested?
How many transaction have you done, only one or more ? The business is going to be of course btc related ...
and we will be talking about these days publicly
This is my 2nd. I did .003 btc at first because I was skeptical. Need any help? :-)
2b honest it is semi automated, we keep an eye of course on transactions. The plan is that potential clients FOLLOW UP /w us
8hI looked at your website. Content management?
sending your 106% in 1 min
I'm probably going to keep sending, Thank you guys for doing this..
That okay?
I'm looking to help myself generate more btc so if you have any little jobs need doing I will work for btc :-)
Thank you.
i have put you on the contact list,it is an awesome part of this promo that we hopefully meet awesome bitcoin lovers like you
I can arrange a affiliate commission for you. It works like this: you name the btc sending address of your friend BEFORE
BEFORE your friend sends BTC for the first time. From this moment on, you will get a 12% commission on what we pay out to him
If you agree to the commission offer, let me know. Yo would have to send DMs naming friends btc addresses BEFORE THEY SENDbtc
I have one referral coming in now. Stand by for wallet.
No reason to send 10k - it makes more sense for all and the project to keep it small and slowly growing.
Thank you for your help - appreciate it so much :)
9 confirmations
Its one of the next thanks for mentioning
 
So why the smoking hot pic of a girl. Just to grab interest?
have done 100s of tests, and it's all about attention grabbing. The seriousness comes in on a later level
How many bitcoins would attract your firms attention anyway?
Cool my affiliate got paid.
"How many bitcoins would attract your firms attention anyway?" What do you mean by that ? Can you explain please.
You said you were looking for whales right? I was just wondering what kind of whale I guess. If it's sensitive info you can disregard.
Im literally just fascinated with how businesses are applying btc.
whales = people sending 100BTC we would have to send back 106BTC , thats quite some money, which we could just take and leave
Exactly. You're building trust and reputation.
We pay the whale 6BTC , and the media is talking about this. That gets more people in - etc. simply ? Yes it is.Give me a min
It could work. You need to tweet at some big name tweeters.
You also need to find a way to do it more seamlessly and update your timeline...
Because if you start getting 100+ transactions an hour thats some user strain.
I am waiting for the people to exactly do this. My bets promotion is simply paying. Thats all i need to do, thats the plan :)
What do you mean, my bests promotion is simply paying?
Its just that the site says 45 minutes and I've been waiting 2 hours each time.
trying to keep away the same people from sending over and over again, we need some wide spread , yours is being done very...
I see. I didn't realize you didn't want us to keep repeating
I'll slow it down a bit. I figure you're going to get busy when people start realizing its working for real.
Can you give me a general ETA?
Hello? :-(
Haha you must be getting busy :-)
Is there a problem?
Please update me soon..
careful some just created  and tries to copy our model, but he scams people and does not pay them. Careful :)
Tx queued?
Do you need help? Can i do anything?
give little time, just have a coffee meanwhile? Thanks so much
Sure thing sorry to bother you. 5 btc is a lot
I think it would attract more people if you cleaned up the btcdoubler site and maybe removed the santa/flipping off picture..
Any updates?
This delay is making me really nervous. Will i have it soon?
I feel that i deserve some kinda of estimate..?
I'm sorry for all the messages. I'll just hope it's there by morning.
 