@_author: anonagony
@_date: 2019-06-22 21:34:49
I mean just my two cents, but I don't trust vpn's or TOR.  I do use them, but I wouldn't trust them to circumvent the IRS or suggest it.  
As far as the IRS goes.... they have a lot at their disposal outside of the agency (branches of government, software companies willing to assist them).  You have things like Chainalysis collecting data if you're on exchanges.  
 I also admit I'm just not smart enough to really pull off what you desire to do (avoiding the irs). I loved the entire movement that lead to this, but I see as it became mainstream the government's ensured they would have a way to track most of it and the people involved in it. 
I've also never bought crypto locally without my ID or spent it on goods locally.  If you avoid an exchange I think it's possible to avoid taxes. I dunno...
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:48:23
Upvoted and shared on social media. Don't care about any reward just good luck to you!
@_date: 2019-06-28 01:05:39
You know someone did a great video explaining this a while back but I can't find it.  Basically (and explaining this very simply) whales coordinate to move the market past key resistance but call when to stop the buying action.  People see the resistance get smashed and fomo in hard.  Whales watch (no longer buying) as the price continues up until the buying action gets weak and new resistance is met.   If the whales meet whatever percentage profit they set out to generate they'll then coordinate their sell off given the fomo has slowed enough.  Then panic selling sets in and the price free falls.   Once it bottoms out the whales buy back in at a lower price. 
I'll try to find the video it explains it way better, and I can't say any of this is fact but what I observed made a lot of sense and that's how I understand it now.
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2017-11-10 01:54:43
I'm a noob as well, but early on I read stuff like OP regarding even coinbase. I immediately bought a Trezor from Amazon when the price was under $90; and anything I buy I immediately move off the exchange and just hold.  Obviously this isn't ideal for day trading, but I'm still too new to the scene for that, so I'm just playing safe starting off.  
@_date: 2017-11-30 05:24:32
Yes. I was able to send my coins to my Trezor, but unable to send ETH to other exchanges like Bittrex. I was met with an error every time trying to send to another exchange. 