@_author: anonobreadreturns
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:05:28
For anyone interested in the [context]( behind this accusation by Mike Hearn:




**And the quote itself**:




To repeat Wlad:


And again:
"NOT FOR AN OPTIONAL BEHAVIOR CHANGE IN THE P2P NETWORK CODE."
This is Hearn conflating the XT hard fork with a CONFIG SETTING that is neither a soft fork NOR a hard fork.
@_date: 2015-09-02 19:46:03
When Hyundai designs a new car, do you think they're saying what's the absolute worst fuel economy, yet highest performing motor we can pack into this death trap chassis?
With Bitcoin, it's NOT what's the most amount of bloat we can shove into blockchain, with the highest throughput giving no fucks about how much it degrades performance on the PC or how horrible the costs are of running it.
If your goal is for Corporations to run all the nodes in datacenters, with zero privacy for normal Bitcoin users, and where normal Bitcoin users have approximately zero say in what changes are made to the engine behind the node, bloating the blockchain as much as possible at all costs is a fantastic solution.
If on the other hand, your goal is to support software freedom and user rights, you need to assume HUMANS are more important than Corporations, and design the core unit of the network around putting nodes into the hands of the people.
@_date: 2015-09-01 15:43:18
A hark fork missile crisis is beyond overkill for optional changes to the CONFIG SETTINGS of Bitcoin Core. Anyone is free to customize those settings and more people do than don't. How you could object to giving users better config settings is beyond my comprehension.
In Bitcoin Core, as opposed to XT, *full* consensus *is* needed for hard fork changes - such as the block size. This is a defense mechanism. In no way is a CONFIG SETTING a threat to be defended against - not even *remotely*.
@_date: 2015-09-02 20:13:18


OK. Then those people will either use voting pools or Coinbase. What's the BFD? Voting pools would be a million times better than the alternative where the world's poorest are forced to go cashless.
@_date: 2015-09-01 16:09:32


Do you *honestly* think a sweeping change in Bitcoin leadership - the most significant in Bitcoin's *history* - is comparable to the BDB bug?
Without question, there are developers and users who perfectly understand full nodes to be the most private and secure Bitcoin wallets. It's a mistake to bloat the best Bitcoin wallets out of the hands of ordinary folks. Your vision of "SPV for users and Corporations for nodes" is an abomination, and a significant number of highly skilled professionals vehemently disagree with its direction.
Conflating the BDB fork with XT is just sheer sophistry. I would sooner see 80TB blocks directly merged into Core than see you become Bitcoin's dictator.
@_date: 2015-09-02 18:51:20
Six years in and you're trying to predict how much "write accessibility"
consumers will need? We both know that's a crock of shit.
Amir is correct in saying "[the blockchain is a shitty payments
The normal distribution of block confirmation times and the propensity of the blockchain to be attacked all but ruins its viability as a five nines system for Average Joes who want to buy coffee at Starbucks. Only early evangelist users are willing to deal with the problems inherent to the blockchain as a payment paradigm, which includes unpredictable fee levels that depend not just on demand but on the byte size of your transaction? Seasoned Bitcoiners have trouble understanding how fees are calculated per byte, and you think Average Joe is going to jump right into that? You can't advertise $0.25 fees for BTC because the fees are absolutely impossible to predict. The wild west isn't what users want.
Now, the wild west is fine for us early adopters because most of us are invested heavily in BTC and aren't overly willing to point out any shortcomings real or imagined of Bitcoin that tarnish BTC's perceived value. But that's going to be different for an impoverished migrant who owns no more than 0.001 BTC and needs currency to "just work" for an uncomprising zero or near zero fee, worldwide 24 hours a day in a way that is so easy his completely illiterate grandmother can use it.
You need a dedicated product for Bitcoin payments - the blockchain is too general for being good at any one thing - except a DATA DUMPSTER which you know all too well.
Which is why the people such as yourself who are concerned with making the blockchain as a general purpose ledger zero fee and high throughput are *really* in it for ulterior reasons such as furthering your investments which may or may not include Bitcoin 2.0 and the abysmal corporate full node as a service paradigm that threatens the commodity status of the base currency unit by usurping control of full nodes from the hands of ordinary people permanently.
Vampiricly embracing Bitcoin like that sucks all the value out of the system and into your pocket. You feign fear of altcoins overtaking Bitcoin when it's YOUR selfish actions that will lead to that scenario actually occuring.
Because the majority of people care *nothing* about Bitcoin 2.0 or paying corporations to run full nodes. People care about privacy, and can they TRUST this system to be useful as a fixed supply commodity money. You corporate cronyists and proprietary software using clowns are going to turn away the bulkhead of future adoptees and you'll be rich for it if you succeed, because the value will flow to the companies you've invested in while BTC itself never goes mainstream since mainstream users will never grow past the inherent shortcomings of a bloated, inaccessible infrastructure that is clearly controlled by Corporati.
@_date: 2015-09-02 20:15:31
You completely missed the point. In the FAQ of XT, Hearn explicitly states that he and he ALONE will make contentious decisions in a dictatorial manner in the XT codebase.
In plain English, after you switch to XT, Hearn can do anything the fuck he wants or can convince his minions of politically, and you and the rest of the network will be forced to go along it.
@_date: 2015-09-02 16:03:05


Do you want to make a bet, in writing, *right now* that says you sell all of your BTC to me at a very deep discount if average fees rise above $0.05? Because according to your ridiculously hyperbolic logic, LTC will be worth billions while BTC will be worth nothing if BTC fees rise above $0.05 which is ludicrous beyond words.
@_date: 2015-09-02 15:47:07
I should've been more clear, as Hearn uses high amounts of deceit in his posts that isn't immediately obvious to non-technical users.
Hearn made light of the difference between Wlad overruling his opinion on the CONFIG SETTING change as quoted. Hearn would have you believe that if Wlad could interject on a CONFIG SETTING change, that's one and the same with Hearn's self-stated ability in the XT codebase to make unilateral hard forks anywhere in the code and at any time in a contentious debate.
Look, the config settings are defined in bitcoin.conf - we're talking about changing a text file that anyone is free to customize. Wlad can do whatever the fuck he wants to that file and nobody can possibly argue that it's an existential threat to the network. Which is why it's not subject to the same rigor of debate as the block size limit. Please tell me it's obvious to you that changing a network-critical parameter such as the block size is fundamentally more dangerous and requires more rigor in decision making than a *text file*.
Hearn's entire goal with making this bunk comparison was to make you believe he's no worse a dictator than Wlad, based on, again, Wlad's efforts to make a change to a CONFIG SETTING in a TEXT FILE. It's just pure politicking and I'm disappointed so many people can't recognize it even when it hits them square in the face.
@_date: 2015-09-02 15:37:27
Full nodes can be forked, but the core consensus library has only one master implementation. All other full node software must implement `libconsensus` bug for bug. It is quite literally a master-slave relationship.
By forking the network to XT, you'll have gained dictatorial authority over `libconsensus`, hence any changes you make to that code must be defined bug for bug by ALL full node software that wishes to stay on the main blockchain and not fork off into an altcoin. This is the exact reason why you need to fork the network to XT to get BIP101 shoved through, because without that your libconsensus software isn't compatible with the libconsensus software run by Bitcoin miners.