@_author: anonobread-
@_date: 2016-04-06 13:32:54


How about the problems of uncontrollable inflation, unethical taxation and Orwellian financial regulation?


"The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks"


Breaking into Fort Knox is easy: you just *walk right in*.


Thanks to Bitcoin, I can live entirely without a bank account.


Of course. When your handlers have already made up their minds that Bitcoin is rat poison, you don't sell them on Bitcoin if you value your job security.


He could've just said this - would save readers a lot of time. Ofc that would make for a less self-congratulatory fluff piece, so that's right out.


Well that answers *that*. I looked for this guy's GitHub profile but nothing came up. He struck me as yet another tech-illiterate managerial type. The world needs less of these.
@_date: 2016-04-01 01:26:24


Translation: only large Corporations can run nodes on physical hardware, while the rest of us plebs are stuck with datacenter nodes that provide zero privacy and autonomy. The result of that is clear: it becomes Corporate Coin - at best a tolerable downside of mass adoption. Giving ordinary people less options is in no way a "benefit" to be strived for.


That's no different than saying "people will always be free to make main Bitcoin blockchain txs, just so long as they're willing to pay $20". And hey, paying $20 for the rare main blockchain tx when sidechains, LN and voting pools exist is a lot more affordable to a lot more people than the cost to own your own *datacenter*.
@_date: 2016-04-05 22:15:08
From the article:




So I'm going to guess nothing is set in stone at this point, but it appears to be targeting a hybrid PoW/PoS model.
@_date: 2016-04-20 21:34:29
ChainAnchor is like CoinValidation except backed by Intel. FYI for Redditors: was deeply involved in [CoinValidation]( which was - up to today - the single greatest threat to Bitcoin's fungibility.
With this in mind, readers should be aware that this poster apparently thinks forcing ALL Bitcoin users and ALL Bitcoin miners to identify themselves is the key to "avoiding centralization".


You know what? *Good*. Bitcoin would be much better off if people like you worked for banks like R3 and were never heard from again.
@_date: 2016-04-05 19:19:45


False: you control your private keys on Lightning. Conversely, your bank controls your money outright.
Now, it would be great if we could get onion routing on top of Lightning... but it's not strictly a requirement for it to function, nor is it strictly required for each payment to be routed in the most decentralized manner imaginable. Hecklers notwithstanding, the system will work just fine for the low value txs it's designed to work with. FYI: 70% of current BTC blockchain txs are for less than $100 in value, which is what LN is targeting.
The way I see it, you'd want to do CT with CoinJoin on $1000 or less, then deposit the mixed coins to your hidden service LN account, and this would be true with or without "decentralized routing".
@_date: 2016-04-05 22:21:25


See: Freenet vs Tor where Tor is more "centralized" than Freenet yet Tor is infinitely more popular and useable than Freenet. Not everything can or even should be as decentralized as you can possibly make it. It's about making the right tradeoffs.
Low value payments are *low value*. The *vast* majority of BTC is held unmoving in cold storage. Disinflationary economics disincentivize spending. Seems pretty terrible to jeopardize the single most popular method of "using" i.e. saving Bitcoin just so that people can record coffee purchases on a global immutable ledger until the heat death of the universe. Let's be smart about this.


With LN, you control your private keys. There is no single entity regulated or not that you're trusting with your money. The 21M fixed supply is enforced. Cold storage sanctity is unaffected. Double-spending is impossible.
It's for low value txs $0-$3000, so we don't need or even necessarily *want* Fort Knox security since it comes at the price of fluctuating block confirm times etc, and besides for sub-$0.01 microtxs this is the **only** way to do them.


No, that would be the fact that we don't want the 21M fixed supply limit to be enforced by a PayPal-like set of heavily regulated megacorps in remote datacenters.
@_date: 2016-04-03 22:32:34
I'm super excited about Datt/Yours. Giving ordinary people the ability to profit from posting will level the playing field, money has no loyalty
@_date: 2016-04-16 21:36:23


I'm going to have to stop you right there. Ethereum originally billed itself as being the "[JavaScript to Web 2.0]( and I quote:


So let's use the more apt programming comparison, since this is after all how Ethereum advertised itself, it surely holds some weight. Ethereum is quite obviously JavaScript according to its founder.
And thinking this through, since Bitcoin can *also* execute this "JavaScript" on sidechains, e.g. Rootstock, that would mean Bitcoin is actually *more* than just JavaScript. Hmmm...
Personally I'm leaning more towards UNIX, with Bitcoin providing the low level primitives upon which other more *liberal* systems are built.
@_date: 2016-04-01 03:15:56


@_date: 2016-04-20 21:13:10


Proceeds to imply mesh networks can handle 8GB blocks nonstop every 10 minutes, with &gt; 99% uptime.
Goes on to make patently absurd claim that ordinary people can pay millions of dollars to tunnel and build out their own private gigabit fiber connections. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯


Well if Einstein over here says so... I guess it must be true. Accordingly, Gavin Andresen must've been "innocently mistaken" when he said of gigablocks [quote]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
Gee, I guess Gavin was wrong all these years, thanks for your *amazing* insight! Wow, and ordinary people really can *trivially* make their own DIY Google Fiber. Who needs millions of dollars? You can practically build gigabit fiber connections anywhere with just your **spare change**. /s
FYI: today's mesh networks [would struggle to handle Youtube]( *assuming* they even existed in a commercially viable form in the first place:




@_date: 2016-04-01 01:28:40
100MB is a baseless extrapolation and in any case, it would be all but impossible to handle on desktop. The original 32MB number is the **absolute technical maximum**, as in you can process 1 block per 10 minutes at that block size, IOW your desktop node is as good as dead, practically speaking you need a cluster before you even hit 32MB
@_date: 2016-04-05 22:45:35


Did you fail to take into consideration the fact that the BTC unit of account is disinflationary, fixed supply and uncensorable?
Ofc, disintermediating Venmo and PayPal has less obvious benefits if they're willing to transact in BTC, though Coinbase is positioned well to provide that service today.
@_date: 2016-04-03 17:22:42


"Certain for profit companies" are getting the upper hand regardless of the choice we make on scaling: do gigablocks and suddenly you can only run full nodes in remote datacenters in 10-machine clusters. The owners of the datacenters profit, along with the centralized API providers who are the only ones who can afford the cost of running nodes. FYI: the cost of entry there is purely defined by money, exacerbating the have vs have-not paradigm, whereas in a world where software innovations lead to scaling, anyone who can implement the software can participate, it's not just a matter of having a boatload of cash


Sidechains et al are open source. There is no secret being kept from you: you just have to put in the work yourself, and you can fully participate. You can claim not to like said roadmap, but the only person holding you back from competing to implement open source software is **you**.
I didn't sign up for a world where you and your *golf buddies* control the entire Bitcoin network in remote datacenters. How about you learn C++ and cry me a river
@_date: 2016-04-05 20:07:56
RSK seems to be targeting a hybrid proof of work, proof of stake model with the PoW part being predicated on future Bitcoin op codes, and the PoS part achieved with geographically distributed notaries.
@_date: 2016-04-01 01:21:45


That's incorrect, 100MB was utterly unscientific extrapolation of the btcd study, based on what I figured you would perceive to be "fair". FYI the btcd study shows that you can't even approach 32MB blocks without a cluster. At 32MB, you can process no more than 1 block per 10 minutes without libsecp256k1. Make of that what you will. IYAM 100MB is being generous
@_date: 2016-03-27 21:42:43
They don't and you're still wrong
@_date: 2016-03-12 05:12:07
Another fantastic post. I'd also recommend reading these by the OP:
- [What the heck is Bitcoin Core thinking?](
- [Why a fee event would be good for Bitcoin](
@_date: 2016-03-01 01:05:42


Thought so.


Wow. *And which players might that be, What's the "enemy" got up its sleeve do ya think?
@_date: 2016-03-01 00:30:31


That's not what I asked you. You're evading the question: **Tell us how you're going to ensure fees never rise past $0.20 and that a backlog never forms**
And what's your point? You're talking about *6 tps*, right? VISA does *56,000* tps. Either show us how you're going to hit that on a blockchain without putting 100% of full nodes in datacenters, or accept that a fee backlog is an inevitability for ALL cryptocurrencies. FYI we need to surpass VISA in scale to make BTC a global unit of account.


That's completely false. Take all the full nodes away from ordinary users, and give them all to Corporations in datacenters. You're telling me that has no adverse effects *whatsoever*?
@_date: 2016-03-06 04:18:59


That's pure speculation on your part. Seven years from start to finish before block rewards phase out is basically an instamine. How would you feel if Bitcoin were 99% mined as of today?


When you say things like this online, the only people who take stock in it are, truly, overextended financially into Bitcoin or have taken big losses on BTC and are desperate to exit with a gain. There are quite a few people who invest on emotion and end in the dumps for it, which is behavior you're encouraging by alluding to Ethereum as a get rich quick investment scheme. You're saying "look how fast the Othercoin is rising" in an attempt to justify making an isolated technical decision.
@_date: 2016-01-30 16:12:09


It's sad the number of people conflating "decentralization" with governance, and it's doubly sad that their preferred outcome of their bastardized "decentralization" sound bite is a centralized Bitcoin in datacenters exclusively run by Bitcoin banks and Corporations.
VISA has a lot of people using it. Large number of users does not mean a large amount of decentralization. Sure, a large userbase may be a requirement of a successful currency, but that [doesn't mean]( it's a decentralized currency:


@_date: 2016-01-24 23:07:29


Not only this, but BIP101 wouldn't have even got us to the foothills of VISA - let alone the other credit card companies, cash txs and microtxs - for over a decade. That's an *eternity* of waiting in Bitcoin-land, which is a huge risk in and of itself.


If we can make it work at 1MB, it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that Bitcoin can scale.
But if we *don't* try, we don't prove anything at all. Bitcoin would remain equally as questionable as before, and it would hold its spurious status as an unsafe investment. Except it would be more bloated and less decentralized, which would create even less reason for ordinary people to trust Bitcoin.


Reminds me of [post](




@_date: 2016-01-13 23:08:35


*Third* world? Here's what the team behind btcd found as they [tested 32MB blocks](
1. a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
2. a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
3. a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
Clustered computing? Does this sound like it's something your average Westerner wants to pay for or is even capable of? Is it even feasible to pull off outside of datacenters? And 300 tps isn't even much throughput. It's a non-solution that creates industry-wide centralizing pressures.
And how do you reconcile your opinion against Gavin Andresen's own vision for Bitcoin from 2011:


@_date: 2016-01-31 04:45:37
You'd have me believe next time Gavin is in charge of Bitcoin and we start bumping up against the limit, he won't go thumping around for BIP101 and the people who forked us off to Gavin won't listen? I couldn't be more skeptical.


Making nodes harder and harder to run for individuals gives Corporations more and more power over Bitcoin. The more leeway users give on this, the more ground the Corporations are going to take. And make no mistake, they will take every inch they can get. At some point the rest of us are powerless to do anything to stop it.
And while I'm hopeful that your words here are genuine, sometimes I feel like I'm the only person speaking out against datacenter tx validation in any meaningful respect. People just aren't willing to ask themselves the difficult question: at 8MB if we bump up against the limit, don't we double to 16MB? You can go all the way up to 16GB like this if you have no standards and at this I have very little faith that other people do have standards of keeping nodes out of datacenters, and if anything this will be more and more true as untold hordes of non-technical people who don't give af about nodes adopt Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-28 16:28:05
JFC buddy VISA doesn't accept Bitcoin. Can you like, admit that you were wrong and just move on?
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:38:13
This is brutally honest. What a rarity.
@_date: 2016-03-07 14:15:58


Know what's also better than the current banking system? 2WP sidechains. Lightning. Voting pools. George Seglin's theory of competitve free banking with cash backed by BTC.
Know what's not better than the current banking system? A world where only the nouveau globalist bankers are capable of running the financial infrastructure. Everybody else is stuck with shitty SPV wallets.


What if I told you can keep your private key on a merge-mined sidechain. Wouldn't that be reasonable enough for holding $300? You've gotta admit it's a better security model than turning over your money to Coinbase.
You also keep your private keys on Lightning and voting pools.
And what if that API in your example costs you money?


Bitcoin has been a clunky payment system since the earliest days of the network. Blockchain is an artificial generalist construct that has no fucking idea what anyone wants to use it for. It's nature is big, slow and unwieldly. To fight against the blockchain's nature is to swim against the current. Sorry if you feel cheated, but it's the reality and always has been.
@_date: 2016-03-05 16:29:00


It's a bubble. Nobody is making money on "Dapps" and other nonsense. People just want an excuse to P&amp;D.


The customer in this case is greedy, deceitful, and short sighted. They ask for the impossible. They were roped into Bitcoin by bullshit artists promising them the moon for "free". Promising them decentralization. But the sophists making those claims never believed in any of it themselves. They spoke with forked tongues.


Core is doing Segwit and hard forks, which goes into action in as little as 8 weeks from today. The only way you can possibly go any faster than that is by rushing through a controversial 2MB hard fork. VISA does 56,000 tps. Yet you claim 6 tps out VISA's 56,000 tps will save us. And that this is why the market is "shifting" to Ethereum, as opposed to P&amp;Ding it.
Quote Hemingway more. Makes for a better bubble.
@_date: 2016-03-28 16:36:18


Ha! And there is also "no need" for freedom. You can just as well go to prison and get three squares a day and a roof over your head.


In the mining sense, yes. There will be datacenter miners and most people won't mine. We all accept this is the truth. But that doesn't give you the right to take away my right to run a node at home.


Desktops probably can't handle 32MB. The btcd team found that a desktop could process no more than 1 block per 10 minutes at 32MB, but that was without libsecp256k1. But still, without libsecp for all intents and purposes that desktop node is dead at 32MB. You'd realistically need a clustered node to get even those paltry throughput levels.


Every time some keyboard jockey says we're "artificially" constraining capacity, a baby seal is launched straight into the Sun.


We, as in the market forces, are constraining it based on the available technology.


Let me guess: you're an Ethereum investor?
@_date: 2016-01-29 19:48:07


Thank goodness for that! After all, the title of the whitepaper is: **Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System**
The title certainly isn't: "Bitcoin: a *Datacenter-to-Datacenter* Cool Things Network"
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:45:57


And we come to the crux of the matter. I never believed anyone was actually *this* concerned about making plain old payments with BTC - basically nobody pays for anything with BTC except die hard fans, and even these fans could use LN, voting pools, sidechains, or even just &lt;blasphemy&gt;get a *credit card*&lt;/blasphemy&gt;. Pay your credit card bill in BTC at the end of the month. *Problem solved*.
Now, there are **certainly** people who want fees to be zero so their investment portfolio which consists of projects who want to do nonsense like notarization can freely operate on the main chain as opposed to on a sidechain. Here's what's generally true about their projects:
1. They have NO END USERS. Zero. Nada. Zilch.
2. They sure have investors though! Lots and *lots* of investors. Who are heavily overrepresented on Reddit in these debates.


Zero, because it's ridiculously dumb. Your wedding certificate on a blockchain? Your land? Bottom line: until your local government is willing to abide by what the blockchain says and hence cede its regulatory authority to a machine, good luck accomplishing anything with these hyped buzzwords.


Wait, what? First of all, monetary txs can amount to over a couple hundred dollars. Second of all, didn't you *just say* the reason you don't want fees to rise is to not price out these use cases that you're now saying can afford the fee?


I won't defend 2WP sidechains against an Ethereum investor because you're simply never going to be satisfied with any of my responses since it detracts from your investment portfolio. All of us have long since learned the hard way not to even engage in these debates. Let's see what the market actually does and agree to disagree.
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:47:24


What in God's name would transfer *8GB* to do a HANDSHAKE. Are you *insane*?


Umm, yeah we can.
Then you go off on a fantastical tangent about how everything will be sunshine and rainbows in "the future".
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:54:03


No. See jtoomim's Hong Kong speech. His own numbers showed 3-4MB is the absolute highest block size we can safely bump to in the short term before other fixes are rolled out. This is why the opposition all the sudden dropped BIP101. Was it a compromise? I don't think so - it's definitely unsafe to bump straight to 8MB, as Core has repeatedly pointed out - so this is more like a miscalculation on their part and subsequent correction based on technical fact.
And the opposition has compromised on paper only in areas that count for anything - they're still not even wanting to admit there are these physical limits that exist. To pretend that "oh we're actually doing this because it satisfies Core" - that's simply incorrect.
They still want gigablocks in datacenters and don't see anything wrong with that in the slightest. To fork to their software at this point all but ensures that happens, and this continued citation of "governance plight" is just a smokescreen pretense to indeed make sure that goes through.
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:48:35
Oh, so the block size limit only serves a purpose when it suits your agenda for gigablocks. Makes sense, because of course you gotta support your agenda. Not that there's any point doing that with technical merits, because you've already lost that fight multiple times now.
In practice, libsecp256k1 reduces block processing times by half. It's not a panacea. And you've already rejected BIP103 as "too slow" - so basically I'm calling bullshit.


Obviously. But that doesn't get you the privacy, and it only gets you a weak form trustlessness where you become dependent on a Corporation's hardware.


There's a night and day difference between not using a full node because it's your preference, and not using a full node because you simply can't afford to run it.


A 10-machine cluster to process gigablocks is going to run $10,000+ up front not including setup, plus overhead. Most businesses and enthusiasts won't be able to afford that, period.
@_date: 2016-03-23 00:50:26
What's the issue with running your home node behind a Tor hidden service to mitigate DDoS?
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:46:21
The semiconductor industry insiders are saying raw power improvements are an endangered species barring an unbelievable technological breakthrough. TLDR they're optimizing for low power mobile devices and IoT, which doesn't really help when you need big desktop computing power boosts.
@_date: 2016-03-21 15:10:55


But Mike Hearn didn't adopt [btcd]( to implement BIP101.
He didn't adopt [NBitcoin](
Hearn could have claimed his efforts were to "decentralize" the software running nodes, if he had actually chosen software that resulted in any *decentralization* away from monoculture. He didn't do that.
Your post serves as a stark reminder for why Mike Hearn deserves *much* if not all blame for the moderation policies. Sure, innocent posters got caught up in it, but it was all due to countering Mike Hearn's PR campaign inciting dispute and promulgating fallacies and misinformation: "A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes."
@_date: 2016-03-06 20:55:26
SMTP to Bitcoin is an apples to oranges comparison. Email servers don't have to store the contents of all emails, ever - not just from you but from every other user of email - until the heat death of the universe
@_date: 2016-03-04 00:34:44
- [fixes tx malleability](
- precludes the need for kludging extra artificial limits for [sighash DoS vulnerabilities]( at larger block sizes
- [increases P2SH multisig security](
- enables [versioning Script](
- dramatically increases the viability of Lightning: "with third-party and scriptSig malleability fixed, the Lightning Network is less complicated to implement and significantly more efficient in its use of space on the blockchain. With scriptSig malleability removed, it also becomes possible to run lightweight Lightning clients that outsource monitoring the blockchain, instead of each Lightning client needing to also be a full Bitcoin node"
See [FAQ](
@_date: 2016-03-02 17:22:25




You apparently see no issue with entrusting 100% of Bitcoin's architecture to the State.
We're never going to agree on anything like this.
If you really want to turn Bitcoin into yet another fiat currency, what's so bad about directing people to Hal Finney's vision of cash backed by BTC. Have banks compete to issue cash. Allow fees on the mainchain to rise to cashier's check levels, but have sidechains, LN, voting pools handle the bulk of the digital based processing while bank-issued cash notes handle the day-to-day. That world is much more free than one where the Bitcoin system is owned front to back by banks and governments.
@_date: 2016-03-23 18:54:50


Not really - biotech firms lobbied *for* GMOs, obviously.


Sure, and when Bitcoin's core developers are willing to sacrifice their soul to put everything in datacenters, I'm sure they're going to be willing to "upgrade" to whatever bullcrap seems to be garnishing the highest number of investors this week. Of course, that wouldn't necessarily make for the best currency. In any case, it seems completely dumb not to at least attempt to fix intractable problems with blockchain scalablity through *superior software design*.
@_date: 2016-03-07 13:58:47
Digital cash with a low fee is only doable by approximation. This includes scaling the main Bitcoin blockchain such that nobody ever has to pay more than $0.10 to use it. That isn't perfect e-cash until we have quantum speed desktop processors where everyone can validate everything at once.
We're going to have to put 100% of full nodes in datacenters to achieve the imperfect e-cash you desire. That's just one way to achieve imperfection, and according to nearly all Bitcoin developers it's suboptimal. Because if people have low fees on the main chain, logically that would leave them with SPV security and no other option. That method also risks opening up a rabbit hole like what happened to PayPal, where the entire system is subverted by regulators.
@_date: 2016-03-05 18:56:24


No - think about BitTorrent. You don't need a 10-machine cluster in a remote datacenter to seed torrents. That would make for centralization.
In reality, BitTorrent is both decentralized *and* popular. The BitTorrent network proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that decentralization and popularity are NOT mutually exclusive properties of a technology. A technology can be both popular *and* decentralized if you make the right tradeoffs. Using massive amounts of hardware to scale a technology is the *wrong tradeoff* for decentralization.
Imagine if the creator of BitTorrent decided to scale BT by bloating it up massively into datacenters. Imagine it costs $10k/mo or more to run a BT client such that BT clients are predominantly run by media companies and the RIAA. Tell me how that's decentralized. *It isn't*.
Yet this is exactly what Gavin Andresen has predicted will need to happen in order to scale Bitcoin the naive, bloated way:




And would the Good Journalists of the world *please* stop comparing commodities like BTC to Corporations like VISA. It's an apples to oranges comparison. It's like comparing ears of corn to Kellogs Corn Flakes cereal. Sure, you may not eat ears of corn directly for breakfast, but that doesn't mean you can't eat breakfast made with corn products. Similarly, just because you may not use *the main Bitcoin blockchain* for coffee payments, doesn't mean you can't use a *sidechain* or a *payment channel* to do so.
Finally, everything I've said above has long since been predicted by key Bitcoin developers. Satoshi stated [quote](






[The btcd team reached a similar conclusion](


@_date: 2016-03-07 18:30:29
OK, if not gigablocks, Segwit is on the way followed by conservative hard forks. That sounds like exactly what you're asking for and it's being done by top Bitcoin developers. How does that sound?
@_date: 2016-03-03 21:47:23
Very reasonable question. Why not do Segwit followed by conservative hard fork increases? Kinda like what Core has outlined doing in their roadmap.
@_date: 2016-03-23 04:31:53
To answer your question, node stat-collection websites could trivially connect over Tor to hidden service nodes.
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:17:53


Machines from 1.5 years ago are virtually identical to today's cutting edge machines. Moore's Law is sputtering out as we speak:
[The era of predictable improvement in computer hardware is ending. What comes next?](


[After Moore's Law](


[Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




[The chips are down for Moore’s law](






Sometimes I feel like I'm repeating these quotes too often


libsecp256k1 cuts IBD in half. While it definitely helps, it's no panacea.


Surprise! Someone who wants big blocks claims we won't need them for decades. Well if you're not gonna be needing it...
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:39:01


Artificial limits - and again Classic has them - if run up against are a champagne problem. If billions adopt Bitcoin, we're going to have one helluva shouting match as to what "artificial limits" are affecting valid transactions negatively.


That's a 1MB bump which inches us 3 tps closer to VISA's current 56,000 tps. No reason for splitting hairs over this. A bump doesn't change the gravity of the predicament at all.


Now *that* I can support.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:23:35
Either back your post up here with a primary source or GTFO.
@_date: 2016-01-22 23:33:32
First, I apologize if you thought I was "talking down" to you. If anything, I despise when talking heads employ feel good euphemisms and clickbaity gifs to garner popular support.
Here I'm using the term "expert" as a point of historical significance in that the opposition has pivoted to become almost unanimous with Core's scaling roadmap - this would signify expertise of opinion, hence the word "expert" is semantically the most correct.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:04:32
Indeed, Bitcoin Classic *is* like trying to put out a forest fire with a single fire extinguisher.
@_date: 2016-01-21 03:48:21
Turns out the team behind btcd [studied this]( and these were their findings:
- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
In addition:


Go ahead and chalk up an estimate for me - how much does a 10 machine cluster cost these days?


[According to the core developers]( the Segwit soft fork can deploy beginning April 2016, less than four months from today. This isn't a significantly longer time than it would take to deploy a hard fork of 2MB starting now.


2000 tps, which could only be achieved today with a 10-machine cluster, is less than 5% of VISA's current 56,000 tps throughput. According to x86 CPU expert Agner Fog, certain people in the Bitcoin space have been prone to embellishing the [prospects of Moore's Law](




It will be awhile before a meager 5% of VISA's throughput is possible to achieve using extremely costly hardware in datacenters, and at these costs, it will only be done by Corporations.
@_date: 2016-03-02 20:38:43
You're one of those people who never wants to see mainchain tx fees rise past $0.20. You also probably never want to see a backlog form. Under ANY conditions! Is this correct?


Good, so we're going to need hundreds of thousands of tps on the mainchain to do what you want.
8GB blocks? They're not going to be big enough to satisfy your demands.
You want cash txs, credit, stock settlement, DVDs, eternity wall, you name it - stuck on the blockchain forever, right? Great, let's try and estimate what that's going to cost.
To handle blocks larger than 8GB, you're going to need a cluster of *dozens of machines* to run the ECDSA validation in parallel. The btcd team tested this and found you'd need a cluster of 10 machines to hit 3000 tps. We're looking to hit 300,000+ tps.
So what we're going to do is give ourselves an absolute FANTASY scenario, using unrealistically low estimates on everything across the board - from hardware to power bills to labor - where we can validate 300,000+ tps on a blockchain.
First, you're going to have to procure the hardware for these dozens of machines, and before that you're going to need somewhere to put those machines. The minimum would be a server room. Let's pretend we have that server room at NO COST.
For 10 machines we're looking at $10k up front just for the CPUs. Let's pretend we can miraculously touch 300k tps with 36 machines for $30,000. We're not even going to touch on storage costs, because we're going to pretend 10,000 exabyte SSDs come standard in this ridiculous fantasy future.
Let's call it $2000 per machine with all the parts including the parts needed for mounting on server racks. Call it $10k for the rack. We'll be utterly ridiculous and call it $50,000 for all this hardware including the server room. We'll pretend like cooling the server room isn't necessary. We'll pretend like backup power systems and redundancy isn't necessary.
And we're in luck! We'd normally have to pay some people to set all this up for us and manage it, but this is fantasy! We have fucking garden gnomes that toil away to set all this up for us at NO COST AT ALL. No salary, no bonus, no hourly, no food, no bathrooms, nothing. In the middle of the desert. Cost free.
Oh and FYI, even with all these assumptions, our privacy has been utterly destroyed. There isn't a snowflake's chance in hell that we will have even gotten THIS far without compromising our identity somewhere along the way. Government thinks we're up to no good? Too bad, we're screwed.
Which is to say, we're not even yet to running the actual Bitcoin cluster, we're out $50,000 at a bare minimum and we've entirely compromised our anonymity.
Sounds like a good start amirite
You then need to power this mess. It's going to be a variable cost depending on where you live, but hey, we're setting this thing up in the middle of the desert where we get awesome free solar power. It isn't really free to buy the solar panels, but we have the solar panels somehow, right?
Good, so let's pretend our power bill to run this cluster in a server room in the middle of the desert on solar is LITERALLY ZERO.
Next you're going to need *gigabit fiber*, and you're going to need a commercial plan to run this cluster with any sort of decent connectivity because residential plans will almost assuredly not be geared up to support transmitting 8GB+ blocks over the intertubes 24/7. Sadly for us, commercial internet plans aren't like residential plans. They're not easy to get without proving your credit history, and they're generally more difficult to cancel. Our monthly bill for this is $10,000+ per month with contract.
And if our anonymity wasn't **completely shot to shit** by procuring the hardware and real estate for the server room, it's utterly and completely destroyed now that we have this gigabit fiber plan. In fact, we'd have to be incorporated as a business just to get the contract.
You can, of course, forget running any of this over Tor. Tor simply lacks the relay capacity.
So what does all that come out to? We're totally not anonymous. We're fairly well organized. We've got something that realistically has an obscene variable expense to keep running, and we're optimistically out $150,000 at the minimum - and that's just what it costs to run this monstrosity for **one year**.
So I want you to tell me how you and other "concerned citizens" are going to afford the bill on this. How are you going to afford upwards of $10,000/mo to run this server room in the middle of the desert and how are you possibly going to do so anonymously.
Then I want you to tell me how this could POSSIBLY, *EVER* have anything but a deleterious effect on permissionless innovation, on privacy and just plain old human freedom.


Good day to you.
@_date: 2016-03-07 00:59:27
Buddy, VISA does 56,000 tps. We aren't even to 1% of VISA at 10X bigger blocks. You need 320MB blocks to get to VISA's daily average. This is to say nothing of the so called "Fidelity Effect" which I notice bigblockers refuse to talk about as of late. Please let's think this through.
@_date: 2016-03-01 06:11:56
That's interesting about satellites.
Besides radio waves, meshnet blockchain broadcasting would be out of the question, too.  [e.g.](




@_date: 2016-01-27 18:06:34
It's a censorship resistant civil asset forfeiture proof global store of wealth that happens to work over Tor. Any questions?
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:00:38




But the majority is requesting 2MB - and core is offering 1.6MB, that's 80% of what they're asking for in the conservative case.
And regardless, even if you wanted to callously raise the block size to 32MB, which is the technical maximum right now on desktop, it'd buy you no more than 300 tps. Congratulations, at the price of forcing all nodes to run in compute clusters largely in datacenters you've achieved less than 1% of VISA's current throughput.
@_date: 2016-03-27 21:54:17
It's not just that we're tired of hearing about them, it's that they have no users. They have *nothing* to show for all the drummed up hype besides a bunch of self-serving astroturfers on Reddit who go on to utterly sabotage consensus "but what about muh innovation".
@_date: 2016-01-23 22:13:17


I heard it was done on a modern quad core i7 processor.


If you recall, "keeping up" entails 1 block processed per 10 minutes. For all intents and purposes, your node is MIA. Realistically, you need clustered computing before hitting 32MB or 64MB - whatever it may be, you need a cluster to touch 1% of VISA.


I look at it like this: it matters more *who* can run the node on demand than *how many nodes there are*. We don't need everyone running a node, but it's something else entirely if ordinary people are completely unable to run nodes. I don't want to see nodes become off-limits to ordinary people on desktop. I certainly don't want to see nodes become 100% dependent on Corporate datacenters.
@_date: 2016-01-21 05:15:19


It's not like Bitcoin goes from being a global settlement layer at 1MB 3 tps, to VISA at 2MB 6 tps. And in any case, can you imagine if the IETF operated like this? Who are you to demand that "what you want" is what's best for an internet protocol? You need to qualify your demands with fact-based technical argumentation.
@_date: 2016-03-05 17:25:25
Notably, [Greg Maxwell and Adam Back]( have invented a system which incentivizes CoinJoin at the protocol level. In addition, it makes txs more efficient, hence this with Segwit would boost the throughput to 2MB easily.
In better times, this could go live on the network within weeks, with dramatic improvements to privacy and fungibility.
@_date: 2016-03-03 01:36:56
I'll bite. In your opinion, is a doubling of the block size adequate for a doubling of the userbase? Why or why not.
@_date: 2016-03-05 17:31:02


What demand curve? The demand curve under real world adoption scenarios is a *hockey stick*. Tell me how you're going to accomodate a hockey stick demand curve without putting 100% of Bitcoin full nodes into datacenters owned by Corporations.


I'm not happy about it, just like I'm not happy we don't have *perpetual motion machines*. No matter how many times you ask for the impossible - no matter how many ways you threaten - you can't get the impossible.


You have only offered your negativity, what is your solution?
@_date: 2016-03-05 21:34:36
Anyone who wants txs to be free forever and the costs to be bourne by nodes in datacenters, should move 100% of their BTC investments to Ethereum. Money talks, bullshit walks.
@_date: 2016-03-25 00:46:10
Proxy the EC2 remote host over SSH and use that connection for your node. Again, this gives you the same DDoS prevention as physically hosting in the remote datacenter without actually giving up control of the software to Amazon servers.
And I would also point out, switching SSH proxies is much more viable against nation-state attackers taking down datacenters than "switching datacenters" and starting over from scratch every time.


That's the opposite of what Jacob Appelbaum, lead developer of Tor said: 
@_date: 2016-01-19 01:22:13


I agree with you in that I'm perplexed about BitFury's stated support for Classic. Here were the bolded headlines:
- FACT 1: Bitcoin Is Not an Electronic Payments System Like PayPal
- FACT 2: Bitcoin Is Not and Should Not Be Free to Use
- FACT 3: Bitcoin Transaction Processing Is Not Presently Clogged
- FACT 4: Miners Embrace Bitcoin’s Popularity
- FACT 5: Bitcoin Mining Is Decentralized
- FACT 6: Mass Rule is Not Appropriate for Bitcoin
- FACT 7: Bitcoin XT Would Not Have Solved Bitcoin’s Challenges
- XT would not have eliminated transaction fees — it would have merely delayed the development of the fee market. (The perspective of having no fees forever is much worse; as the block reward steadily diminishes, the security of the network would eventually take a nosedive.)
- XT would have done nothing about the “mining centralization” problem. In fact, it would have made things worse by pushing small mining pools out of business.
- XT would not have helped decentralization and would have made things worse by elevating the requirements to maintain a full Bitcoin node.
@_date: 2016-03-23 20:38:37


Go ahead and link me to a quote by a core developer resisting *implementing* 2WP sidechains for the reason that "change is bad".
If that was your whole point and you're not backpedaling, it's bullshit. More thinly veiled concern trolling from you.
@_date: 2016-03-23 20:20:28


We're not here to discuss our desire to embrace change for change's sake alone.
@_date: 2016-01-25 13:07:17
FYI: segwit softfork gets you 1.6MB, and it won't kill you if it takes 6 months longer to get there
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:45:13


[Not over Tor they're not](




@_date: 2016-01-29 05:31:41
That's interesting so what are the fees to make a Bitcoin tx now? Oh, less than $0.10? You don't say.
And it's obvious "scaling" to you means putting all the nodes into datacenters.
Bitcoin: a P2P electronic cash system
Bitcoin: a datacenter-to-datacenter cool things network
You don't see any difference at all?
Behind door one, a world where everyone can run a node; behind door two: a world in which only Bitcoin banks run all the nodes. In which one of those worlds is a BTC unit more likely to be a censorship resistant civil asset forfeiture proof global hard and true digital bearer instrument? Do you understand why modern monetary systems would benefit from being backed by such an instrument as opposed to, say, hot air?
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:39:47
Lightweight wallets cost you your privacy. The best wallets in the future will be HD full nodes that instantly start up and sync *backwards*.
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:01:02


Decentralization is a property that has a market value. I used to think the market value of decentralization was reflected in Bitcoin's price, but maybe I was wrong. Maybe this WHOLE TIME it didn't matter to anyone that Bitcoin was functionally centralized 100% in datacenters. Fun fact, Greg Maxwell has [outright predicted this](




News flash: Silk Road was centralized and has done more to catapult Bitcoin and change the world than perhaps any other Bitcoin startup to date
FYI: you can do Silk Road over voting pools to get rid of the Goxxing risk. The makers of OpenBazaar claim you can do that over Lightning. Your concern level seems unjustifiable.


Satoshi stated [quote](






To your last point, sidechains and Lightning seem P2P enough for low value payment processing.
@_date: 2016-03-24 23:05:38
jtoomim: I am not confident that the Bitcoin network would work with 1 MB blocks if more than about 40% of nodes used Tor.
is this true?
@_date: 2016-01-22 22:41:42


More accurately, we - as in the opposition - are frantic to bump from 3/56,000 of VISA's throughput to 12/56,000 of VISA's throughput. At this blistering pace of progress, we'll be at 1000/56,000th of VISA's throughput in no time at all! That will really change our situation /s!
I don't mean to be rude, but it's just annoying the number of people who are running around like chickens with their head cut off only to do a futile bump that changes absolutely nothing about our predicament. Thanks Mike Hearn!
@_date: 2016-01-30 17:38:04


... if the speed limit is 85 mph on a country road adjacent to an elementary school, would you suggest that we *not* simulate cars traveling at 85?
Shouldn't we at least *think* about what happens when these limits are approached?


cpgilliard78 has a [series of posts]( dissecting this:






As a matter of fact, Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn have repeated and unambiguously stated trusting Bitcoin banks and Corporations to run all the nodes in datacenters is an acceptable means of scaling Bitcoin. They may disagree with the above.
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "I think long-term the chain will not be secured purely by proof-of-work. I think when the Bitcoin network was tiny running solely on people's home computers proof-of-work was the right way to secure the chain"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "bitcoin is already more decentralised than it needs to be"
And this money quote from Gavin in 2011 still goes unattributed:


Block size isn't a free parameter. Nothing is free. You could say freedom isn't free - but is freedom to you freedom from *central banks and financial intermediaries*, like those who would own all the Bitcoin nodes in datacenters?
It's trivial to calculate what the average fee would need to be with conservative estimations of technical progress. It's not totally outrageous. Bottom line, if ordinary users can run full nodes on an ordinary desktop with no bells and whistles, and without bending over backwards and reaching into their pocketbook to pay for Corporate solutions - we can completely end the State. The lower is the overhead of Bitcoin the lower is the need for institutions. Freedom to me is extinguishing those influences completely.
Unfortunately we have to make hard choices to achieve this.
The Block size limit is much more than a marketing parameter. The financial intermediaries can either be abolished, or we can trust the exact same players to control the future of the financial system.
@_date: 2016-03-07 14:00:45
I've said elsewhere Lite mode full nodes is one possible solution. Pruned nodes still have to download all the data, so they're not really what I have in mind when I say that.
@_date: 2016-03-03 15:37:03
Metcalfe's Law is one thing. Metcalfe's Law in a deflationary environment where every individual is disincentivized to spend money is quite a different story. This is Economics 101. If we double the userbase, the laws of economics still apply.
So I'm going to completely disagree with this notion that txs rise proportionally to users. The only thing I see happening is double the people investing in BTC on exchanges, and then moving the vast majority of it to cold storage. From there, IF you wanted to spend in a deflationary environment, most people would be A-OK using a specialized application to accomplish that, be it Lightning or sidechains or voting pools, Coinbase, or just plain old cash.
@_date: 2016-03-23 20:53:17
Go do a sidechain without RBF then.
And do you suggest you'd stoop to petty thievery "because RBF LDO". You'd break the law and blame your criminality on Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-03-05 16:49:31
Oh. So when you said Bitcoin development is stalled because it's at 3 tps, what you didn't mean to imply is that increasing from 3 tps to 6 was the solution. [Quoting you](


And I'm flattered you think I work for VISA. I'll be sure to add that to my resume along with "green beret" and "some kind of extensive bot".
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:57:20




That's because over the short term, we're meeting 80% of your demands in the safest possible way. Soft forking Segwit is far preferable to hasty and risky hard forks that needlessly add technical debt and accomplish next to nothing.
But if you're looking at the long term, then VISA does 56,000 tps. Hitting that on a blockchain any time soon is extremely costly. Hence the plan to scale by improving the software rather than throwing as much hardware we can at the problem.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:27:26
I don't think you understand. You're asking for 2MB. What's the point? How does that change anything? The dev community is calling bullshit, and yet you still are trying to step on their faces in the name of succeeding in pulling off a clear power grab. Such an event clearly shakes the foundation of Bitcoin's claimed immutability, as it proves ANY feature is up for grabs if enough ignorant people scream at the top of their lungs for something despite there being clear technical objections by the people who maintain the system.
Sure, blocks need to grow to at least 100MB to support 7,000,000,000 users natively. You'll get no argument from me there. But would you blame me if I'm skeptical that the same people who previously wanted Mike Hearn to rule over Bitcoin at all costs, and the same people who previously contended we should double all the way to 8GB starting with 20MB this month, didn't share in this conservative outlook?
Bottom line, you're asking for a 2MB hard fork - which is just 0.4MB larger than Core is proposing. Your arguments against it are that the developers implementing the Segwit software are somehow incompetent or conflicted by being a part of Blockstream. Color me skeptical.
@_date: 2016-01-25 09:42:10


You say this as if the limit serves no purpose. Are you a fan of pie-in-the-sky notions like Bitcoin Unlimited, or - my favorite - "emergent consensus"?
And what do you mean "below the capabilities"? Sure, if you want to downsize the nodes to a handful globally and run it on a BIS-owned server rack in Basel, be my guest - but that *isn't Bitcoin*. Bitcoin is decentralized. Decentralization is its only redeeming quality, because if it centralizes, then a centralized authority we trust can just do the same thing with a much bigger network effect. Bitcoin has to work WITHOUT INSTITUTIONAL SUPPORT.
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:13:07
Censorship martyrdom is *so* three weeks ago, see take on the [current state of censorship](




@_date: 2016-01-25 09:23:03


A 3 tps bump from 1MB to 2MB is little more than a temporary opiate high. It's 3 tps out of VISA's *56,000* tps. To go from 3 tps to 6 is like increasing the BTC market price from $0.02 to $0.04 on the way to $500. We're splitting hairs here. And it definitely solves nothing.
Hence, if Core caves in to these populist demands for an opiate shot - especially given the hate-filled rhetoric - it's just going to encourage the misconception that we can and *should* solve all scalability problems by bloating the blockchain. And worse, it would only *embolden* the trolls. The conspiracy theories and non-stop Hate Week would only intensify until it boils over in ways that no one can imagine.


I couldn't disagree more. This is **squarely on Mike Hearn** for riling up non-technical users to lash out against a perceived enemy. Hearn even went so far as to encourage Blockstream conspiracy theories, by accusing Greg Maxwell of having a conflict of interest. This led to a feeding frenzy of conspiracy theories.
Hearn proclaimed it would be the death of Bitcoin if we did't fork to 20MB by, I don't know, this Friday? If anyone is to be blamed for this, it's *Mike Hearn*.
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:34:45


What do you mean to suggest?
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:08:03
The US government can simply levy your bank account, no questions asked. In addition, any police officer in any state can at any time seize your cash and assets for **any reason**, and the onus will be on YOU to prove your innocence.
That you think Bitcoin is in the least bit similar to a fiat bank account when it comes to civil asset forfeiture laws, is at best naive.


Both JoyStream and Streamium make use of payment channels - the concept has been around for *years*. Nothing about Lightning changes the hopelessness of doing millions of sub-$0.01 microtxs on a blockchain.
@_date: 2016-03-14 00:22:40


That's the perfect way of putting it, thanks!






We know for a fact that the "CPU wall" is in the cards. It's what all the experts are saying. I've quoted those experts to no end, but could you imagine? It gets even more one sided!
Because to your argument, paraphrasing - "just add more CPUs" - forcing all Bitcoin nodes to run in clusters like that is absolutely *damning* for desktop full node users, it would effectively limit full nodes to Corporations in datacenters. And I'm basing this fact on the findings of the btcd developers who [state as much directly after conducting bigblock performance tests](


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.




Bigblocks would be enormously costly without *serious breakthroughs* in technology.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:47:20
Who cares if it takes a year? The difference between 2MB and 4MB is 6 tps vs 12 tps. It's not like 4MB solves anything 2MB doesn't.
I've given you my number: 1.6MB. It's 80% of 2MB. I don't expect many to adopt multisig solutions, but I do see BitGo and GreenAddress multisig models as a growing market for their reduced fees and improved security.
@_date: 2016-03-23 21:49:16


Then I don't see your concern. There is not one single Bitcoin business today outside of DNMs, exchanges or miners gaining real users - as opposed to conflicted investors and shills. And of the tiny fragment of actually profitable Bitcoin businesses with actual userbases that don't consist primarily of shills, how many are going to leave Bitcoin because of RBF? Answer: no one who isn't invested in your pet altcoin.


DrWasho says OB can work on LN or sidechains. You'd of course be able to provide a primary source for the "other bitcoin startups", which are doubtlessly *extremely profitable* and whose userbases don't consist entirely of shills
@_date: 2016-03-24 23:14:31


Why would you expect *less* DDoS attacks on full nodes as Bitcoin grows over time? As Bitcoin grows in importance, so too do the incentives to attack. It sounds like you'd never be comfortable running a node at all except over Tor.
@_date: 2016-03-29 00:37:57
Here's a definition for you:


Did you catch that?
You aren't using a horse as a unit of account if you're settling a trade using the market price of a horse QUOTED IN DOLLARS.
If you're quoting in dollars, guess what your unit of account is, buddy? It's the DOLLAR. THE DOLLAR. Not the horse: the *dollar*. See if you can mull that over. Please never talk to me again until you do.
@_date: 2016-03-12 23:17:28
This has to be old news. I remember hearing about Microsoft dropping BTC payments months ago. is exactly right: nobody cares - except when a P&amp;D is on the line...
@_date: 2016-03-07 18:38:29


Well you sure fooled me when you said "I'd prefer to use fiat --&gt; eth instead of fiat --&gt; btc --&gt; rootstock."


Low value payment processing simply isn't what a blockchain excels at: it doesn't scale without jeopardizing the fundamental decentralized value proposition, and besides low value payment processors are a dime a dozen.


Oh don't get me wrong: I'm not saying those ideas are "pointless". I'm just saying it's a pipe dream, and hence "dumb". If your property title is on the blockchain and I get a local court to hand me title of your property off the blockchain, guess what? The court sides with me. You're SOL. And WTF was the point of using the blockchain if I could do that? Hence until your local government is willing to declare the blockchain the ultimate source of truth, having higher authority than any government, you're basically just tilting at windmills.
And we're not talking about $100 fees. If people are using LN, sidechains, voting pools to do daily txs, block size can be 100MB for 600 million people and still give everyone 12 full blockchain writes per annum at an average fee of less than $20


Did I insult you by suggesting I won't defend 2WP sidechains against an Ethereum investor? Sorry if you're not an Ethereum investor but with rhetoric like the above it's hard to tell the difference between you and an Ethereum investor. Why would I want ETH when I could just use my BTC on a sidechain?
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:40:53


I'm sorry, I thought it was "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic **Cash** System"
"Bitcoin: A Datacenter-to-Datacenter Cool Things Network"
"Bitcoin: VISA Except With More Overhead and More Shilling"
@_date: 2016-03-07 15:01:29


Email servers aren't storing all emails sent by all email users, for all of time. It's apples to oranges. The costs of running Bitcoin in a world where everyone makes main blockchain txs as a matter of common usage is far, *far* more costly.
OTOH, if we can have ephemeral sidechains that are used for coffee txs and discarded after a year or so, this can scale. This is much more feasible.


50MB blocks is realistically 200-300 tps. It's not even 10% of VISA's daily average, and then we'd *still* be enraging the "Fidelity Effect" people.


That's only if you assume regulators don't latch onto the small number of large Corporations running "unsanctioned financial software" in readily identifiable datacenters. This is a rabbit hole that opens up when Bitcoin's key infrastructure is 100% owned and operated by big Corporations.
And you don't see a dystopia as a failure? What if selling humanity into slavery was totally avoidable?
@_date: 2016-03-23 01:02:10
If your primary goal is obfuscation, then don't involve a blockchain at all. Leave no trace.
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:35:47


Facts are what matters. What you call "imagination", I call *hope*.
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:10:27


I'm sorry but "zero adoption"? And you're being way too harsh. has me convinced Bitcoin can *greatly succeed* online, and this is bound to spill over to the rest of the world. Just four years ago, $400 for a BTC in 2016 was thought to be *impossible*.
But in your defense, you have a point. Adop-shun matters. What *we* want doesn't matter as much as what *other people want*. thanks for the idea. Pretend I'm *Joe Blow* citizen of  the to use your own words "general public". Why do I want to spend what little mental bandwidth I have worrying about this blockchain thing every single time I want to make a low value payment. Which is multiple times a day. Cash was *never* this hard.
And why should I - someone who is barely capable of remembering a password - be *rigidly* and *steadfastly* dead set on cryptocurrencies that are cheap to use on their *main Bitcoin blockchain*. Am I buying coffees on a blockchain? Why am I not using Xapo which abstracts all those details away from me and gives me an insured balance stored in vaults replicated across the entire planet. That sounds like my bank, but better.
Finally, why am I supposed to be upset about obscure technical details that only seem to matter to you "power users", who are to use your own words again, not in the "general public". Let's pretend the MAIN bitcoin blockchain, not sidechains not voting pools not LN etc, is the holiest thing since Christ and that everyone MUST have the ability to cheaply transact on it dozens of times per year for not more than a penny. If you assume every Bitcoiner today believes this, didn't you just say with all our numbers put together **"there's not enough of us"** to matter?
@_date: 2016-03-06 21:28:10
@_date: 2016-01-25 09:44:09
The more bang for the buck we can get out of decentralization, the better off we are. Efficiency is the key.
@_date: 2016-01-29 03:03:18
"Beautiful political system" is an *oxymoron*.
All this cheap talk about "empowering" people and "democracy", but who is empowered more than trumpeters of that empowerment? Time and again populist appeals bring corrupt tyrants to powre who achieve nothing but self-gain at the expense of public safety, and at the expense of the public *directly* through taxes.
The people who now advocate "empowering" others with "democracy", aim to TAX THE FUCK out of the users of full nodes. They will TAX THEM SO HARD that individuals will no longer be able to run one on desktop, if on a home server rack - if at all.
And when has *politics* ever delivered a good software application? To suggest politics is a boon for engineering work is *buffoonery*.
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:51:12
Regardless of which crazy optimized-for-decentralization hashing algo you choose - including random algos that change every two weeks - specialists with datacenters and large capital reserves at their disposal will provide the majority of the hashing rate.
There's no way to totally eliminate the efficiencies of scale gained from skilled professionals  making it their *business* to deploy large capital reserves to mine.
Bottom line, you can't "re-decentralize" mining, so much as you can fire the current big miners and then only over the short term. "Meet the new boss, same as the old boss."
@_date: 2016-01-17 02:38:38
Can you blame the rest of us for having difficulty seeing the relative upside to the now 2MB hard fork versus the proposed SegWit soft fork? It's 1.6MB vs 2.0MB. Just, *wow*.
Sadly, we've apparently convinced the opposition of the need for "artificially limiting the block size". Really! It's sad! This is the worst possible situation for us to be in. You people were supposed to convince us gigablocks in datacenters are the future! The fuck happened to your whole narrative?
And now what do you want to do? You want to fire all the core developers just so that you can have your way... oh wait, no, what you really want is for Greg Maxwell and crew to do all the hard work for you on SegWit, sidechains, Confidential Transactions, Lightning, and CoinJoin - you want it all, right NOW, for no cost and to add insult to injury, going by your own 2MB hardfork, you've been wrong the ENTIRE TIME.
@_date: 2016-01-31 04:31:34
Segwit achieves 1.6MB blocks - that's 80% of 2.0MB and it's a conservative case. 2.0 MB is 6 tps. VISA does 56,000 tps. Regardless of Segwit 1.6MB or hardfork 2.0MB, our throughput is inconsequential next to VISA in the short term. In no way does "governance" change this, and in no way would forking off the top developers in Bitcoin change this. FYI those top developers are the maintainers of libsecp256k1, sidechains, and Confidential Transactions. Now I'm **really** not liking the idea of firing them since we're stuck at low tps no matter what.
Success hinges entirely on Layer-2 in the short term. Greg Maxwell is one the world's foremost experts on layered scaling of Bitcoin, and Layer-2 solutions enhance decentralization by offloading txs. We could of course throw everything in clusters on remote server racks if decentralization isn't a requirement.
Hence, the optimal short term solution is to at least pretend like we're optimizing for decentralization - since whether 12 or even 1200 tps, Bitcoin is not capable of being anything more than a settlement system for Layer-2.
@_date: 2016-03-29 16:44:45
Hal Finney, first person to ever receive a Bitcoin transaction from Satoshi, [disagrees](








I see nothing wrong with carrying a cash balance of $300-$3000 in BTC in a Bitcoin powered world, and in fact view it as a positive for human rights vs a cashless society.
@_date: 2016-01-23 07:58:40
First, I meant to specify that the 21,000,000 parameter wasn't set in stone. Clearly it isn't set in stone if this hard fork goes through despite technical fact-based objections by the maintainers of the system who are offering the market a short term fix similar to that of the opposition.
Second, the protocol doesn't financially support nodes, true - hence the nodes need protections to keep them viable to run by ordinary persons.
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:39:50
We can't even predict what Bitcoin looks like in 6 weeks, and you want to extrapolate out *20 years* into the future?
You can probably handle gigablocks on your cell phone in 20 years like you'll probably be wealthier in 20 years. Really, do you want Core to chalk you up a nice warm and fuzzy feel good 20 year forecast where everything is rainbows and we have plentiful resources? As if you'd believe the forecast even if the idea itself wasn't completely asinine.
@_date: 2016-01-20 04:39:09
Nope 
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:39:37


Pray tell, what's the difference between a permissioned ledger and Bitcoin in a world where 100% of full nodes are on remote server racks owned by Corporations. Isn't that just a bigger permissioned ledger?
@_date: 2016-03-31 21:01:35
Full nodes are the *only* way to use Bitcoin privately.
In addition, if large Corporations are the ONLY ones to run all the nodes, they effectively control the Bitcoin protocol.
Oh, the irony of bigblocks people advocating for bigblocks by running nodes, which they by all accounts couldn't even *afford to run* if they got their way and we made the entire Bitcoin network dependent on remote Corporate gigaclusters...
Free and open access to the blockchain is important too.
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:45:22


"Just fine"? If not for KYC/AML, Coinbase to Coinbase payments would be in all ways easier, faster, and cheaper than blockchain payments. Since Bitcoin is programmable money, we're allowed to have "Coinbase-like" models where you don't need KYC/AML but where it's still equally as easy fast and cheap. THAT's your VISA payment system built on Bitcoin.
Now, maybe that means you have to click a button in your wallet like "Deposit $300" to use Lightning or a sidechain. I don't think that's a big deal, but then some other people think these are "Blockstream-Bilderberger solutions" and the spawn of Satan.
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:06:55






If this were actually about throughput, why would they be chomping at the bit to fire the core team?
Why would they be asking for 2MB?
Heck, at *64MB*, we're just a hair over 1% of VISA's capacity. Congratulations?
If this isn't somehow your plan, to do all the transaction processing in datacenters despite it being what Gavin Andresen himself has suggested, then maybe you should reconsider Core's roadmap - they've been telling you how it is for over a year now - you just didn't listen.
@_date: 2016-01-29 04:59:40


Likely when the rest of you wake up to the fact that firing the maintainers of the core unit of this network has *real consequences*?
You're the ones asserting we should hard fork despite there being a clear roadmap created and approved by the majority of SMEs. To reject their opinions and fork their software to a different repo is nothing short of firing the core team.
And to add insult to injury, you're utterly failing to justify yourselves yet *again* - it's as if you learned nothing from BIP101 and just assume we all think "oh they were right, but they just had a streak of bad luck". No - that's not it.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:40:43


We're going to get nowhere by speculating on this. Suffice to say a large conglomerate of bigblockers exists due to ulterior motives and I absolutely guarantee you they wouldn't rest especially not if Greg Maxwell succombed to their hate-filled rhetoric.


A "simple gradual increase", like BIP101, certainly adds *throughput*. You're definitely right about that.


If LN and Layer-2 solutions are indeed the final answer, why are we even having this discussion? You *already* agree with Greg Maxwell who has studied this more than anyone.


The keyword was "magically", if we *magically* had infinite resources, we can lift the limit completely. No problem at all. Except that's not the reality.
You then speculate against one of the world's foremost x86 experts. You're not convincing me by speculating as dozens of others have that we will somehow make some vague breakthrough in technology at some unknowable time in the future that will miraculously bail us out for making extremely poor decisions.


Bitcoin is digital gold. Every other buzzword-worthy use case of Bitcoin you've heard about has zero real users. They certainly have loud pissed off and noisy investors on Reddit who hate when people call them out on their bullshit - that's for sure. See also: the group of people who won't ever STFU no matter how many times we do paltry 1MB kick-the-cans - they want fees to be zero now and forever into the future so their businesses can survive.
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:18:41
A 2MB block size is just the first step. Tellingly, the reason for their pushing to 2MB is because of "congestion" - and by "congestion" they mean occasionally full blocks but fees are less than $0.10 on average.  Ask yourself what their logical next step would be if Bitcoin adoption skyrocketed. Are they going to inexplicably reverse their opinion on this? Not a chance.
@_date: 2016-01-25 13:13:18






Wow, *I'm* convinced! What can we do to move this forward?!
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:06:30


Which we're not doing. We're just pointing out how validating txs exclusively in datacenters by Bitcoin banks is a disturbing departure from how Bitcoin works today, and that if anything it should be a last resort option, not the first step.


Can you think of anyone more committed to Bitcoin than Pieter Wuille and Greg Maxwell? Adam Back, president of Blockstream, was cited in the Satoshi whitepaper. I'm not sure at what point you think they decided killing Bitcoin was a good idea, but the idea that they would suddenly backstab Bitcoin is *preposterous*.
@_date: 2016-01-30 17:57:41


The lower the overhead, the better.


But how is that material if you own the private keys to your Lightning wallet? Why wouldn't there be Tor hidden service Lightning nodes to bridge the gap to the black market? Who wouldn't be able to pay a $5 fee to use the blockchain on occasion? Do we expect the impoverished who can't to be in need of more than a couple hundred dollars worth of storage, which is probably a better fit for a short-term Lightning wallet in the first place?
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:48:37
[This one](


@_date: 2016-01-22 22:53:19
64MB blocks get us 600 tps, which is just a hair over 1% of VISA. A 64MB block size is known to be [feasible only with clustered computing]( which is to say nothing of the bandwidth and storage requirements - the storage alone grows by over 3TB per year.
In addition, Agner Fog, one of the world's most renowned x86 CPU experts, recently wrote that Moore's Law has now "[hit the roof]( We're flatly unable to achieve VISA scale on the blockchain any time in the near future, hence the choice of whether to do it on chain or via Layer-2 protocols is obvious.
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:06:29
You're quoting it out of context. I said:


Enter Lightning, sidechains, and voting pools. Also: you don't need Fort Knox security to pay for coffee.
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:23:39
You got confrontational with me:


I retorted by saying "And you're one of those people Greg Maxwell called out YEARS ago as not caring in slightest bit about decentralization". IOW you give no fucks about masquerading a centralized DatacenterCoin as some kind of decentralized utopia. Selling the planet into slavery based on lies is highly unethical.


Obviously you need gigablocks to give the world small txs on the main Bitcoin blockchain. Satoshi rightly predicted full node users would fight back against scaling in datacenters, precluding "your" ability to perform tiny txs on the main blockchain. This sounds rather close to the present reality, now doesn't it?


Hence Bitcoin isn't a "Datacenter-to-Datacenter Cool Things Network".
@_date: 2016-03-29 16:34:40
Which one is more of a paradigm shift: A) paying for things online, or B) storing value in a global, disinflationary censorship resistant unit of account?
Case A) is already commonplace, paying for products can be done in myriad different ways. Sure you can buy contraband with Bitcoin. That's cool but it's not a multi-trillion dollar market.
As an addendum to A), you can *maybe* make the case for micropayments being "cool". *Kind of*. IMO micropayments aren't going to replace free content supported by ads, because people just don't want to click "buy", ever, when browsing online. Content is either free or it's premium.
Case B) was effectively *impossible* before Bitcoin. Nobody's got the time to deal with gold, nobody wants to store gold, nobody wants to pay for products with gold, you can't pay for anything with gold online without a bank etc etc.
IMO Case B is Bitcoin's raison d'être, a disinflationary store of wealth is extremely compelling for billions of people when pitted against inflationary government controlled fiat. Either people wake up to the fact that this is a tremendously superior paradigm for savers, or they don't.
Making things even more one sided is the fact that, because Bitcoin is an adaptive *technology*, we can still fulfill Case A pretty darn well with intelligently designed software while prioritizing Case B.
@_date: 2016-03-02 01:34:03


Miners are a stark warning to the rest of the ecosystem. They're the canary in the coal mine. **You do NOT want the same thing that happened to mining to happen to full nodes**.
At the point that damn near 100% of nodes are run by Corporations in datacenters, Bitcoin is nothing more than a creature of the State, no different than government scrip because the government owns all of the infrastructure behind Bitcoin.
It boils my blood when people willfully ignore this potential outcome of gigablocks in datacenters, especially since so much of it stems from a juvenile and unsustainable get rich quick mentality.
@_date: 2016-01-26 03:37:31


Nobody knows what Bitcoin is "supposed to be". To the surprise of no one, the philosophical underpinnings and the future of the Bitcoin system have been hotly debated since the early days. Greg Maxwell has a post from [2013]( that perfectly epitomizes this long running topic of debate:


And frankly you're coming very close to conflating LN with Coinbase. LN txs are atomic, read: all or nothing. You own the private keys the entire time. While not a perfect approximation of raw blockchain payments, it's a damn good start you'd have to admit. So when people talk about LN hubs being "centralized", I openly question WTF that has to do with anything. They can't take your money, and the fact is there can be LN hubs servicing Tor hidden services as a dedicated business. I'm just not seeing the doomsday centralizing scenario there. This is to say nothing of Open Transactions and sidechains which can accomplish something similar albeit with worse security tradeoffs.
So you can either view scaling Bitcoin as something that can be done with layers that gradually get worse but are never as bad as Coinbase, or you can be like Mike Hearn and try to cram anything and everything onto the blockchain even if it comes at the price of full nodes dying off and migrating exclusively to datacenters.


I never made that characterization, my point is it's rolling against the punches. We know damn well what happens if we see any real adoption, so the choice right now is to scale with layers or to do what Mike Hearn said. My mind is made up on this.
@_date: 2016-01-22 18:53:48
I should've clarified: "elaborate with technical fact-based argumentation". Can you try again with less marketing speak?
@_date: 2016-03-31 18:11:28


The only team in the world that has actually [tested this]( concludes the opposite:


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.






Yeah, and 4MB is a whopping 12 tps. VISA does roughly 2000 tps *on average*, with a 56,000 tps burst capacity.
When you consider most of the bigblocks people are more focused on the so called "Fidelity Effect", aka let's settle stocks on the blockchain, the numbers get far drearier. While we can barely handle 12 tps at present, they're dreaming of handling hundreds of thousands of tps, and the gist of their rationale *on a good day* is something to the effect of, "but - if we actually had that demand, it would be moon".


This is completely besides the point. The point is, only large Corporations and rich people could run nodes at bigger block sizes, which would be tremendously centralizing. And most nodes would be confined to datacenters.


No, nodes won't be paid, and the best you can hope for is a "diverse array" of datacenter nodes.
@_date: 2016-03-12 22:51:05


It appears you genuinely feel slighted. But droning on about *this*:


Is, lacking a primary source, baseless coffee talk. You say "so many", so I'm going to have to suggest you cite at least *one* primary source. You can do that, right?
Else just please stop - we don't need any more of this hush hush he-said-she-said.
For instance I sincerely doubt that, in the off chance you can even muster up a single primary source to back up your "Many. Businesses." claim, I'd be shocked if your "source" was something other than an existing Bitcoin business or one of those speculative blockchain 2.0 disasters that never seem to garnish any actual users anyway. BTW: this would be Ethereum's specialty, and it's really no big loss if companies with products that only appeal to P&amp;D investors leave Bitcoin for greener pastures for their vapid IPOcoin business models.
Taken at face value, your complaint is either about IPOcoin businesses leaving, or existing Bitcoin companies politicking. BFD.
@_date: 2016-01-24 23:52:16
Step 1: Go to datacenter
@_date: 2016-01-14 04:15:29


Sure, but 32MB blocks *are* much larger than 1MB blocks - and it gets us at best 300 tps? What long standing problems does that actually solve, and how badly do we have to damage full node diversity to achieve what pitiful throughput we get from it? Let's focus on improving Bitcoin's *strengths*, on-the-blockchain throughput is a weak point and it's a huge mistake to waste any amount of effort on this, let alone risk the core functioning unit of the network.
And what's more, the btcd article mentions that unless you want to take 10 minutes to verify each 32MB block, you'll need a *compute cluster* to run a node. Practically speaking, that means you **need** a compute cluster at 32MB. All for a measely 300tps.
That's the best forcing compute clusters on all node users buys you, but it gets worse. Because if it's *that bad*, and you've taught the userbase this is how Bitcoin surely must scale, then *surely* the userbase will relent even *further*. Maybe in 2020 you need a compute cluster, but in 2025 you not only need a compute cluster, but you need a damn good one, with extremely high end and expensive hardware. A Corporation would even need to hire a full time admin just to manage it. Which is to say, new nodes won't be sprouting up in residences very frequently if at all.
Look, I mean, nodes are actually not that hard to run today, but people *still* don't do it very often. You're telling me *compute clusters* will give us more nodes? JFC, unbelievable. And of course it's *fine* to you if those nodes are mainly run by regulated financial instutitions such as Coinbase and Bitpay?
Do you really want to have this conversation in 2020, "oh I once knew a guy who ran a full node", because if so then the question becomes who owns those nodes, because now the owners of the nodes and the exchanges are probably one the same, which means it's a lot easier for miners to go along with the regulated exchanges and banks, and miners themselves are very easily regulated.


[Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




Do you see? Those 32MB blocks which take 10 minutes to verify on a recent quad core machine, would **already** necessitate datacenter deployment and large scale investment to operate from a residential connection.
Until other options have been attempted, why should we take any other course of action but that which has been suggested by Core? You want billions of users? OK - either accept that datacenters are the future, or consider the option advocated by the same people who brought you CoinJoin, HD wallets, and libsecp256k1, and who have promised to bring you sidechains, SegWit and Confidential Transactions.
The opposition is either wrong, or the people who made Bitcoin what it is today are wrong.
@_date: 2016-03-02 03:32:35
What costs $1 for BTC direct besides SatoshiDice spam and nonsense? In all my years, I've never paid for anything with Bitcoin that costed less than $10.
Sorry if paying for $1 widgets is something people are actually doing with BTC. If that's the case, you're simply priced out until we have alternatives. But I'm pretty sure it's not going to matter for [people who need censorship resistance the most](




@_date: 2016-03-31 18:35:12
The existing relay network, although "centralized", is more efficient than "xtreme" thin blocks for miners.
In addition, `blocksonly` mode in Bitcoin Core 0.12 is more efficient for regular node users concerned with bandwidth.
Why do you think thin blocks are a gamechanger? Helpful? Probably. Game changer? Doubtful.
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:36:59
I never said it was unfair for people to question LN.
Bottom line, you don't have an answer to my question. Onwards!
@_date: 2016-01-29 22:47:54
Are you sure that's a fact?
[1 year ago](


Another from [1 year ago](


[2 years ago](


[2 years ago](








@_date: 2016-01-23 09:20:47
I'm here for the P2P electronic cash system. Importantly, hard forking despite technical criticism of the project's maintainers demonstrates that the "market" can determine anything and everything can be reversed and changed about Bitcoin: including the 21,000,000 limit. Nothing is off the table anymore if you do this.
You heard of empathy? Because from my perspective, some of the people who I've been talking to are worse than Youtube commentators. And even if you doubt this, you'd agree level of discourse and intellectualism on average goes down as population size increases. You think they'll keep their fingers off the button, why? Because they're suddenly rich like you? They won't own any BTC, hardly anyone has savings in our society in the first place, so they'll see no reason not to tax you, debase you. Think of the children might cause at worst tx censorship policies, at best subtle changes in the direction of the network that compound over the years into complete SHIT.
@_date: 2016-03-06 21:04:37
No to both
@_date: 2016-03-16 07:23:14
Wow, what an amazing initial concept. Let's say I have a similar idea that involves a [ProxyHam]( How would you go from not knowing anything about 21.co to getting up and running?
@_date: 2016-03-14 01:09:25
That's perfectly reasonable. I'm in full agreement. What about Segwit now followed by conservative hard forks? Isn't that basically what Core has outlined in their roadmap.
@_date: 2016-01-20 05:33:21


No, that's really not what this is about - to pretend as if this is about technical merits is incredibly disingenuous. We don't need 2MB - we need 100, dynamic proposals like BitPay's have been suggested dozens of times by now in the debate. This is about datacenters and who runs the nodes. [Performance test data]( shows 32MB is the absolute maximum you can handle on a desktop PC today without clustered computing. 32MB buys you 300 tps, which is less than 1% of VISA. One of us has a vision to do this all on the blockchain. What do you think that does to nodes?
In addition, there's no apparent difference between 1.6MB and 2.0MB in the short term. Segwit at a 1.6MB effective is 80% of your demanded change and that's a conservative case. And good cases, you get even more than what you're asking for in the short term. All this, delivered to you by wuille. It's getting done, and it's already in testing. So this is also not what you're talking about, because it gets you the result.


But it's irrelevant, for reasons already described.


What do you mean to suggest? This is by definition a Blockstream conspiracy theory.


And Luke-jr proposed a change of hashing algorithm in Classic, too - look, it's not on the table. We are not talking about Luke-jr anywhere, hence this is a deflective maneuver on your part.
@_date: 2016-01-21 05:08:33
At 12 tps, the Bitcoin blockchain is still not more than a global settlement layer.
Good day to you.
@_date: 2016-01-25 08:21:23
[Tell me more about what the economic majority wants](
@_date: 2016-01-25 13:25:40
More like giving them a standard cashier's check. If someone wants to scam you, they're a criminal - more news at 9
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:42:06


Oh, so now it's not about throughput - real shocker. You're using newspeak to paper over the fact that "decentralizing" development means firing the core team so you can have your way. It's no different than "bringing democracy" to Iraq and equally as disingenuous.
The rest of your arguments are social, not technical. You can't even argue against core's roadmap on technical merits. No one can. What a big surprise that is.
@_date: 2016-01-22 23:23:16
Another day another Blockstream conspiracy theory. I predict they'll be out of ammo by March, though it was concerning to see jtoomim on GitHub claim Segwit parameters "unjustifiably benefit" Blockstream. Having a competing project's leadership fan up the flames like that is a kick to the groin.
@_date: 2016-03-01 01:43:12


He hasn't done anything more than admit fees must rise, and this only after being pressed. It seems hardly worth creating a diversion by changing topic.


Citation? It appears you suggest within the next year, you'll have figured out how users can run a node on a home desktop PC with blocks large enough to fit 56,000 tps in them. IOW you suggest you know how to allow home desktop PCs to process blocks BIGGER THAN 8GB within "the next year or so". Color me skeptical.
@_date: 2016-03-01 05:20:15
Your post got me to thinking: there's a Finnish startup broadcasting the blockchain over radio waves.
I doubt if the blockchain could live on over radiowaves at 8GB blocks. Not that this is a likely scenario to occur, but it's a "nuclear fallout shelter" type backstop we currently have, and we'd undoubtedly lose it with gigablocks.
@_date: 2016-01-15 06:09:49
You want to liquidate millions of dollars worth of BTC on an exchange at the point Bitcoin becomes a worldwide sensation, fine. But maybe you can at least plan for something like that?
If you're an active trader, your coins are *already* on an exchange *today*.
Now, I can understand if you for whatever reason have collected dust BTC in wallets, but worst case, 1 bit - 0.00000100 BTC - is $0.05 at $50,000 a coin. Either figure out a way to build a tx with actual large inputs and feed in the dust at the same time, or deal with losing a few nickels.
For $50,000 a coin? I'll take it.


What's wrong with leaving a couple grand spread across Coinbase, Lightning, or voting pools to take care of your daily spends? Do you honestly *need* or even necessarily *want* your coffee purchases recorded on the blockchain?
@_date: 2016-01-16 17:27:03


Except Charlie Cooper at R3CEV just testified at the Brookings Institute that the blockchain works without BTC. He made it his vendetta to claim you can divorce BTC from the blockchain, and used Mike Hearn's dramatic exit as "proof" that Bitcoin doesn't work.
Conversely, executives at Blockstream have been widely credited for inventing HashCash, CoinJoin, HD wallets, and libsecp256k1 - which are essential to Bitcoin's operation.
Deal with it.


That's a *lie*.


But one thing hasn't changed: people like you still think development of a core consensus library can be "decentralized" when consensus itself is a take it or leave it affair.


Just weeks ago you people were screaming bloody murder about handing over the core consensus library to *Mike Hearn*. Look how that one turned out for you. But no - surely your ideas could only be a good thing for Bitcoin! Such wisdom! Thanks for hanging in there, *champ*.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:49:08


I was surprised they didn't fork btcd - at least btcd has a vibrant developer community. When I look at the Classic repo and "consider.it", I just cringe - and jtoomim has *already* stated on GitHub that Segwit parameters "unjustifiably benefit Blockstream" - so bye bye Lightning network I guess?
The thought of handing over a $6B economy to these amateurs is downright *reviling*. The fact that it only stands to happen for purely political reasons is cause for great concern.
@_date: 2016-03-06 19:40:26
Look, I've quoted [Nature]( [IEEE]( and [Agner Fog]( dozens of times to you and others. It's becoming clear that some people just don't want to listen to reason.
But then again, I've also quoted Gavin [Andresen]( "big iron" statement I don't know *how many* times now. I'm sick of repeating these direct statements. I'm sick of repeating the [btcd study]( The fact is when the primary architect behind big blocks tells you flat out it can't be done without "big iron" and high speed network connections, you'd be very hard pressed to argue that we're not risking centralization with big blocks.
It would take nothing short of a *quantum leap* in desktop computing power to process gigablocks on home PCs. Chip manufacturers like Intel are pushing up against the size of an atom and the speed of light - they can't just keep making incremental progress as before.
Now, we've heard murmorings of *workarounds*. Think: BFL Jalepeño except it's a GPU cluster for full nodes. Maybe that could work. Maybe "Lite mode" full nodes could work. So here's an idea: maybe the big blockers should start actually innovating in some useful direction instead of holding out hope for technological breakthroughs while denying the possibility that big blocks will totally centralize Bitcoin in datacenters.
1. [Iguana is a non-solution](
2. ["XTREME" thin blocks is less "XTREME" than blocksonly mode in Bitcoin Core]( Existing relay network is more efficient for miners
3. Hal Finney rightly [envisioned physical cash notes backed by BTC based on George Seglin's theory of competitive free banking](
Sorry to shatter your dreams!
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:52:54
Well it seems we've been arguing with the trollbox again... how about a subreddit trollbox flair for this master of altcoin P&amp;Ds?
@_date: 2016-01-20 22:55:11


Core has committed to Adam Back's 2-4-8 plan rescaled for Segwit. We're just doing Segwit *first*, and as a soft fork. This creates a 1.6MB effective block size up front, achieving 80% of your stated demands in the conservative case with further increases to come.


And? That plan is published nowhere. Segwit is getting added first by Core, followed by 2-4-8 rescaled. This solves transaction malleability and fast tracks Lightning.
@_date: 2016-01-19 01:29:39


Chances are, you're not a wallet developer. You *download* your wallet, so adoption of Segwit isn't even up to you. It's up to Mycelium, Breadwallet and others - all of which have voiced support for Segwit. It's really quite attainable, even on a short timeline.


In 2013, I regularly had transactions that took more than an hour to confirm. Blockchain ledgers are simply not a good basis of a VISA-like payment system. It's infinitely better to build the payment system on *top*.
@_date: 2016-03-27 22:36:09
Dear SJW: the extremely impoverished HAVE NO SAVINGS. They can't even afford BTC savings in the first place.
The impoverished don't have savings today, they won't have savings tomorrow or the next day. In a Bitcoin-only world, they'll just end up using cash backed by BTC issued by a mutually trusted local banking institution. Super low tech, super low cost, Just Works.
@_date: 2016-03-01 03:44:27


90% of all coins will be issued by 2022. 99% of coins [by 2032](
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:11:43


You can do that with 2WP sidechains.


Why not end up 100% in datacenters? Your line of thinking is utterly unsustainable and unworkable at scale. PhDs in distributed systems and cryptography have been telling you this for over 18 months now.
@_date: 2016-01-23 00:31:27


Like Bitcoin's market price in the early days, with the base number being so low - think $0.01 for 1 BTC - even the tiniest increase is "significant". But also like Bitcoin's market price, we need *much* more than double to even *start* being a drop in the bucket in the grand scheme of national currencies.
And no, it certainly doesn't avoid a fee market. That's like doubling the market price of BTC from $0.01 to $0.02 and exclaiming "OMG we'll have so much less volatility now that we've *doubled* the market price!"
Throughput works the same way. You call 6 tps "significant"? VISA does *56,000* tps.
Bigblockists have always wanted the blockchain to handle VISA's throughput, or at least that's what they claimed about 8MB before this and 20MB before *that*. If they actually *did* want the blockchain to be lean as advocated by Greg Maxwell, they certainly wouldn't be trying to fire him at all costs.
@_date: 2016-01-22 19:01:37
Because no death threats were ever received by anyone. The creepy PMs never happened either.
@_date: 2016-01-17 12:34:41
Do you suggest XT was on par with Segwit or libsecp256k1?
@_date: 2016-01-21 08:09:58
I'm obviously not measuring block capacity increases *relative* to each other, but the final result on the blockchain. Either way you're splitting hairs, it's 2.0MB vs 1.6MB. The difference is microscopic.
@_date: 2016-03-23 16:52:46
OK - run the node at home as a tor hidden service. There's your DDoS mitigation. Problem solved.
@_date: 2016-03-21 15:41:04
First, if you're going to argue from the Satoshi pulpit, fine. Then accept that the genesis block reads: "The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks"
Satoshi further hinted at cryptoanarchist political beliefs in his [statement](












Bitcoin is about ending central banking, permanently on a global basis.
To your point about datacenters, what are your credentials to judge?  You don't quite strike me as a systems engineer. If someone is recommending that I build the Hoover Dam of blockchains worldwide and that we all depend on it, I want that person to be qualified.
You instead argue from authority that because Satoshi said mining would be in all likelihood carried out in datacenters - which is unavoidable due to efficiencies of scale - that Satoshi would *also* reject the *qualified opinion* of the majority of top developers in this industry.
It would be one thing to suggest nodes are OK to run in datacenters, but it's quite a different thing to take away an individual's natural ability to run a node on his own terms, in total privacy, at home.


Wallets don't solve liquidity. See: Brian Armstrong's statement "Coinbase Is Not a Wallet".
In reality, wallets are a UX problem.
The "access to coins" problem is a banking problem that is being actively obliterated by a growing diverse set of competitors.
To the UX problems, this has been rehashed ad nauseum but Coinbase co-founder Fred Ehrsam thinks none of Lightning's problems are insurmountable. Then there's sidechains and voting pools.
Finally, if UX related adoption problems were my concern I'd go with Hal Finney's vision - "[Bitcoin-backed banks [...], issuing their own digital cash currency, redeemable for bitcoins]( Billions of people know and trust physical cash notes and proper bank accounts. All we have to do is switch the unit of account from USD to BTC. This undeniably has the least UX friction for the highest number of people, as it's essentially the exact same thing as modern fiat.
@_date: 2016-01-25 09:01:45


According to [Agner Fog]( one of the world's foremost x86 CPU experts, Moore's Law has "hit the roof":




@_date: 2016-01-31 00:22:35


Likewise - how many times do I have to repeat these direct quotes from Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn before you people understand there's a irreconcileable clash of visions being fought over?
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "I think long-term the chain will not be secured purely by proof-of-work. I think when the Bitcoin network was tiny running solely on people's home computers proof-of-work was the right way to secure the chain"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "bitcoin is already more decentralised than it needs to be"


Do you understand that scaling with a layered approach is a feasible way to avert this dystopian future?
And we're going to have a "fee event" no matter what. cpgilliard78 has a [series of posts]( dissecting this:






As for this meme:


You could say the same at a block size of 1GB and 10GB. It's time to come to terms with what your standards are for decentralization.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:16:04


It's clear as day you're not even considering Core's solution, which is comparable to your own in the short term. Do you deny that you've left the negotiating table, or are you ready to consider the fact that a Segwit soft fork buys you at least 1.6MB throughput which is 80% of your demands.


And again you pretend as if you're not asking to fork to 2MB while Core offers you a comparable increase. WTF?
@_date: 2016-01-17 12:46:05
@_date: 2016-01-20 04:20:25
Don't be ridiculous. When adults suggest that you "consider" a certain topic of discussion, kids, it's typically not to blow smoke:


Wow, *can ya guess* who made this innocent topic of discussion? 
Without fail, in every one of these conversations about Hearn's antics, a Hearn apologist will invent some ridiculously lame excuse for why Hearn's behavior was somehow acceptable, or that he wasn't acting against user freedoms because reasons. Right on cue:


Anyone who remembers CoinValidation also remembers the people behind it having their public reputations irreparably damaged. But kudos - you take the cake for Hearn apologism, by pointing out how what he did was ok since CoinValidation did it too!
@_date: 2016-03-04 00:01:48


Sounds like a flexcap may fit the bill better.


Why does it matter? Those "Big companies" can't scale their platforms on the chain, can they? What does showcasing one company's blockchain use case actually do if nobody else can do it and they can't grow even if they had to? Doesn't that make for a perilous situation where user and developer expectations get even more out of whack?
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:13:23
But that's like trying to put out a forest fire with a single fire extinguisher. We need Lightning and other algorithmic scaling techniques to fundamentally change our situation. This undying focus on inching closer to VISA 1/56,000th of the way at a time does nothing to the bottom line scalability of the network under *real adoption scenarios*.
@_date: 2016-01-20 22:03:51


Pieter Wuille is delivering Segwit as a softfork. As the author libsecp256k1, Wuille's reputation amongst Bitcoin developers is without parallel.
The risks have been greatly exaggerated. With every major Bitcoin wallet indicating support, Segwit as a softfork is all but guaranteed to be a resounding success.
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:10:56
It comes down to what affects users vs. what doesn't. As a user, I don't care whether the miners use the relay network or not. It doesn't really affect me.
But if block sizes are so huge that I can't even process the blockchain without a 10-machine cluster in a remote datacenter, guess what? That affects me, hence *I care*.
Now, I'm not saying tradeoffs can't be made. But let's not pretend there aren't tradeoffs *to be* made.


I don't understand your concern. Does it concern you if miners use SMTP? SMTP is "centralized" in the same way the relay network is "centralized". Either way you just have to run an open source network daemon, BFD. Not like it takes a 10-machine cluster in a remote datacenter to check your email.
@_date: 2016-03-28 19:59:18
I didn't ask you for dollars over VISA. I said "horse". You're making the claim that "any unit of account" can be used on VISA, which is just obviously and *completely false*. If my asking you to send me a *horse* over VISA isn't enough to awaken you from your delusions, *nothing will*.


Obviously you can't send me a horse over VISA. The horse then, can't be the unit of account. I cringe and repeat, VISA does not allow sending horses over its network. VISA doesn't work with that unit of account. What is so hard to understand about this?


You can sell your horse and then send the dollars received in the sale over VISA, which is basically how the Coinbase Shift card works, it just automates making the sale. But ultimately you still can't send me a horse over VISA, hence your unit of account on VISA, isn't a horse. Hence you're wrong.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:20:16
You must've missed the last 9 months where myself and top Bitcoin developers have explicitly advocated for the Lightning network to the point where conspiracy theories arose around Lightning instead of sidechains. The poster's accusation that Blockstream is pushing sidechains is way out in left field. He just wanted to voice a Blockstream conspiracy theory, and he was able to get that off his chest I hope.
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:51:16


What do you mean to suggest? I've not seen any company but Blockstream get mentioned in this context for the smallblock side.
@_date: 2016-03-28 19:01:06


No it can't. WTF are you talking about? That's a rhetorical BTW, please don't even respond to me anymore.


You're using pedantry as fuel for ridiculous levels of mental gymnastics. No, VISA doesn't accept BTC. No, you can't "use" BTC over VISA.
@_date: 2016-03-26 21:09:53
Maybe if loud mouthed jackasses like the author of this article - "author: **to the idiots who still believe bitcoin is a currency**" - used their money and their influence to educate ordinary people on the bread and butter here, and make BTC available for purchase easily in countries that need bitcoin the most, rather than shoving people around, the industry would *get somewhere faster*, as per his stated demands.


Infuriating. Does VISA let you use a disinflationary censorship resistant unit of account, no it doesn't. This is to say nothing of the benefits of transitioning to a *global unit of account* rather than having national fiat.
[Wences Casares]( says it best: *Bitcoin is the best form of money we've ever seen*. How can the author of this tabloid fail to even *acknowledge* the disruptive yet immensely positive change that would result from having the entire world running on a disinflationary global singular unit of account vs. fragmented national inflationary currencies? For shame.
@_date: 2016-01-18 19:44:24


Nor should we bet everything on Moore's Law! It'd be utterly callous to speculate on Moore's Law bailing us out. What if we're wrong? Classic is over there promising the entire userbase that we can just raise and re-raise the limit ad infinitum, and it's going to have a certain extremely obvious result without Moore's Law bailing us out.
Yet, big industry and talking heads will be able to talk that centralization down, and throw it under the rug. You can count on that happening for sure.


What's the point?! 30 tps or even 300 tps buys you *jack shit* in the grand scheme of things. 300 tps is less than 1% of VISA's current capacity, and yet we have Falkvinge here testifying that he wants microtxs on the blockchain. We're going to need **far** more than 300 tps to bring this wishful thinking to reality. And 300 tps means 32MB blocks! The fuck is the point of having 4MB blocks? If we're fucked here, let's just optimize for Layer-2 and focus on making the best improvements possible to privacy and fungibility.
Regardless, the roadmap from Core specifically commits to a 2-4-8 MB increase rescaled for Segwit.


If you believe your own words, I don't see why you'd be against Layer-2 providing the payment network for people. If you doubt that people care about digital gold, great. It'd be as simple as pointing new users to the Venmo.com of Lightning or voting pools or sidechains.


If only that were true. Sadly, the inertia of ignorance and contentment of the masses ranks far higher than technical shortcomings on the big list of reasons people *aren't* buying BTC.
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:57:38
Rolling out Segwit before a hard fork precludes the need for introducing an arbitrary tx size limit kludge as the txsig validation DoS mitigation. Segwit solves that and it solves tx malleability, *and* it allows for Lightning - LN is the only viable way we have to get ∞ tps out of a blockchain within the next 10 years without putting the core of the network into datacenters exclusively owned by Bitcoin banks and Corporations.
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:53:02


Then it has shareholders, and the shareholders are firing the current board of directors.
0.4MB is a one tps difference. 1 MB is three tps difference. Hence, for between 1/56,000th and 3/56,000th of an extra step towards VISA, you're willing to "demote" the current developers in favor of unproven ones. This by itself is *preposterous*.
Second, the "silly comparison" was your own self-post - the TLDR version of it was "But where exactly that line falls is something that I want to see determined by the market and not central planning".
So let's just start by glossing over the fact that Classic is vying for 2-4MB in the short term, which if we were going by any objective definition here it would be called "artificially limiting". Clearly this is no longer about throughput.
The blockchain is a public good - it's like *public lands*. In absence of any imposed limitations on usage of that land, people are going to **literally** shit all over it. The blockchain will be defiled beyond recognition if usage of it is "cost-free". Yet nodes will bear *all* of those costs with extremely predictable results: they'll end up in datacenters and run by Corporations exclusively.


I'm invested in BTC, and I want the best people in the world working on it, right now that's Core. Classic is a frightening, sick joke.
@_date: 2016-03-31 18:25:33
8MB blocks get us a whopping 24 tps. VISA does that continuously once per hundredth of a second. Unless you're willing to go *really big*, it accomplishes jack shit.
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:54:52
Cash is a commodity good. So is physical bullion. So is BTC.
Physical bullion vs. eGold is comparing apples to oranges. It's like comparing an ear of corn to Kellogs Frosted Flakes. Yet this is what everyone who thinks BTC is VISA, is doing.
@_date: 2016-01-14 04:27:22


It's easy. We can support about 800,000,000 users at 100MB blocks if 50% or more use LN for coffee and low value txs. Even less than 100MB depending on well SegWit deployment goes - so let's call it 200,000,000 users at 25MB blocks. Price per BTC? It's anyone's guess but I'd wager it's over $50,000. If we really want to calculate the average fee, we need to make all kinds of assumptions, and since nobody believes a small blocker these days I'll let you run the scenarios. Just be prepared to spend the cash you'd spend on shipping goods to your home or buying a taco to make a BTC mainchain tx.
@_date: 2016-01-21 08:22:15
What's confusing here is originally Gavin was asking for 20MB. If he's asking for 2MB now, then clearly he can see as well as anyone the need for Layer-2 solutions, and that unless you want to prematurely condemn nodes to datacenters, you have to do Layer-2 *now*. It can't wait. It can't happen *after* the centralization. It must be attempted **now**.


Thanks for the laugh.
@_date: 2016-03-27 23:06:39


Right. You want virtually free, instant txs? Get it on Lightning or a sidechain or a voting pool. I mean, how often are you buying bubblegum, or anything for that matter, with a disinflationary unit of account in a deflationary monetary system?  People should expect to use specialized apps to conduct the rare tx.
Frankly, to someone who understands "the cost of the human and security infrastructure for the centralized solution, that includes taxes and coercive force of government", if it took $10 tx fees on the main blockchain as opposed to sidechains or LN or voting pools to get rid of those costs, it's not even a question. I'm on board *100%* with it. If at all possible, let's issue cash backed by BTC and give that to people to use in private face-to-face retail txs.




There is no such thing as a free lunch, but I'm happy to see some support for layered scaling. I mean we've only been screaming at people about it for *years now*. Nothing substantial really. Still most people are overestimating technological progress in the short term, as Moore's Law is sputtering out as we speak it will take nothing short of a *serious breakthrough* in technology to change the game for full nodes within the next few decades.
Currently Bitcoin keels over and dies on desktop PCs at a block size of 64MB or less. You need a cluster of 10 machines to handle 320MB blocks. We need 320MB blocks to touch VISA's daily average which is to say nothing about cash and stock settlement etc. 320MB doesn't even get you to 10% of VISA's burst capacity, and that's just one credit card company.
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:29:14


Then take double the btcd team's findings of the 32MB max, adjusted upwards for libsecp256k1. Let's call it *100MB blocks* maximum, OK? You'd need to move from desktop PCs to clustered computing at roughly 100MB blocks. 100MB blocks is about 300-400 tps. Congrats, at the price of putting all the nodes in clusters most likely in datacenters, you've achieved not even 50% of VISA's daily average tps, let alone VISA's burst capacity, let alone cash txs, or microtxs or the Fidelity Effect.
And I support thin blocks. Where did I ever say I was against thin blocks? It's just not quite the "revolution" its proponents make it out to be.
@_date: 2016-01-22 19:23:59


You should trust the same people who've made Bitcoin work without any major security incident over the past six years despite there being constant attacks on the network. Pieter Wuille, Greg Maxwell, Adam Back, and the list of 50+ cosigners to Core's scalability roadmap seems like a pretty good start.


Did the market design the internet, or did the experts? Your statement is like saying, if you don't have faith in the wisdom of youtube comments, then you should probably stick to tape decks.
@_date: 2016-01-30 22:16:49
How did you manage to jump to that conclusion? Do you think the end game of Classic is 2MB and then it collapses inwards on itself? Could there, maybe - just *maybe* - be a plausible future scenario in which the opposition raises and re-raises that limit? If you recall, these are the exact same people who were pushing for 20MB doubling to 8GB. Don't kid yourselves - their minds haven't changed on this.
@_date: 2016-01-13 23:35:53


Classic proponents previously contended that Bitcoin would die it we didn't start on 20MB this *month*. Why did they change their views? Could it be because the core developers have thought incredibly deeply about this issue from many different angles over the course of many years, and have ended up converging upon the truth of the matter?


Some are clinging to unrealistic assumptions about scaling Bitcoin that hinge upon harming its decentralized nature.
says it [best](


The fact is, physical limits exist and are the biggest impediment to Bitcoin's growth assuming you agree keeping it decentralized is a necessity. We have interim solutions before Moore's Law saves our asses, but we shouldn't pretend like we're not needing to be bailed out here by brute technological progress.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:11:48
But for example, I doubt if very many people know 32MB is the [technical maximum]( block size that can be handled on a desktop. Another thing most may not understand is that even when you bump up against the technical maximum 32MB, you get less than 1% of VISA's capacity. You really do eliminate most if not all desktop nodes to get blockchain throughput reasonably near VISA. As we've been saying all along, that's the last resort, not the first step.
@_date: 2016-01-14 00:05:18


This is mere speculation on your part, and I completely disagree with the conclusions you've drawn from your beliefs. You're carelessly assuming lawmakers will - *thankfully* - be on your side based on the size of Bitcoin's userbase, but where's the precedent for good lawmaking based on the size of a userbase? Can you think of a single very widely used product category that isn't completely ruled over by the state?
And Bitcoin was created *not* because the laws around money were particularly "onerous or unreasonable" - which they're not. Bitcoin was created because money should exist **outside of State control**. This is the  overarching goal of Bitcoin, and it hinges upon Bitcoin staying decentralized.


Not *necessarily* talking about, or in fact talking about it in addition to other things like micropayments which themselves are better suited for Lightning? I've heard it all repeated ad nauseum, and my mind is made up on this.
FYI the choice isn't between 1MB blocks and 4MB blocks - it's between minimizing blockchain bloat as an explicit policy goal, or not caring about the bloat because gigablocks in datacenters are the future of the Bitcoin system.
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:33:49
First, you missed the point I was trying to make. We can go straight down the Fortune 1000 list and have those be 100% of the world's nodes - congratulations! You're now trusting the world's most heavily scrutinized Corporations with the backbone of Bitcoin. Obviously if the government barks orders at them, they're obliged to follow suit. Waive goodbye to the Bitcoin network's independence for me.
And who cares even if Lightning nodes *are* centralized? You don't have to use Lightning if you're willing to pay the fee for on-chain txs, and NOBODY is saying that fee will be higher than $5. That's the price of a *taco*.
@_date: 2016-03-30 04:36:02
Solid infographic. Everything I see from Tuur Demeester is consistently high quality.
@_date: 2016-01-20 23:31:10


Do you suggest 2MB of throughput is all this is really about? Because Core is offering you 1.6MB through a Segwit soft fork, which is 80% of your stated demand in the conservative case.


Except in this case, where both core and the opposition are offering the same technical solution to you over the short term, you cant argue this is about technical merits.


That's not true either, Greg made a comment on Reddit that was blown wildly out of proportion. Greg has since [clarified](


@_date: 2016-01-25 01:07:23
You must've missed when I said: "If we can make it work at 1MB, it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that Bitcoin can scale."
@_date: 2016-01-29 20:08:22
It's pertinent to point out how poorly Bitcoin's blockchain scales relative to centralized DBs. Nothing makes this more clear than a VISA comparison. VISA does 56,000 tps. We're currently at 3/56,000. Fact: you're throwing a fit over an increase from 3/56,000 to **6/56,000**. It's a 0.01% step towards VISA.
And the difference between Segwit and a 2MB bump is even *more* microscopic. It's 1.6MB vs. 2.0MB: that's a difference of 1 tps, or 1/56,000. Hence, *bikeshedding* is very much the correct terminology.
You claim that this comparison is moot, but what you're forgetting is that it's EXTREMELY unhealthy to tell the userbase that this is how we should fix all throughput "problems" Bitcoin has. AKA, we shouldn't have BTC be digital gold, we should just raise and re-raise the block size limit ad infinitum destroying decentralization in the process.
- 
- 
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:04:42


A modest increase to what, 6 tps? VISA does 2000 tps on an average day with 56,000 tps in burst capacity. You're asking us to do the impossible if you want the entire planet to be making full blockchain writes every day as a matter of common usage.
And we agree that a "modest increase" is fine. That's why we're doing Segwit followed by conservative hard forks. Doesn't that sound reasonable to you?


First, the semiconductor industry has indicated they believe "Moore's Law" as it's commonly known is *near death*:
[[Nature] The chips are down for Moore’s law](






[[Agner Fog] Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




[[IEEE] The Status of Moore's Law: It's Complicated](




And to your point "what Gavin wrote", here's what Gavin said about
scaling in datacenters 5 years ago:
- "[there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks](


@_date: 2016-03-28 16:39:21


What about "cash backed by **BTC**" don't you understand. It's BTC. BTC as in the *disinflationary* unit of account? Except now that BTC is embedded into your dollar bills, eureka! There goes the inflation argument. Impoverished people can put cash backed by BTC under the mattress.
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:19:58
My take on this is the bigblocks people don't actually care to make payments. They wanted VISA? We gave them Lightning. Turns out they never actually wanted VISA, they wanted The Fidelity Effect.
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:58:22
Out of a population of 6 billion, who needs Bitcoin the most? Because getting buy-in from customers who most NEED your product is typically a revenue winning strategy.
So tell me, of these who most *need* Bitcoin, who is really stopped by a $1.00 fee? A *cashier's check* costs $10 or more, so don't act like people can't afford to spend pocket change to make truly important payments.


Decentralize it like BitTorrent is decentralized? You don't need a 10-machine cluster to run a BT client. Imagine if Bram Cohen had decided BT can only "scale" by going into datacenters. Imagine it costs $100k/yr to run a BT node. Tell me again why that's "decentralized". Are you sure you're not confusing popularity with decentralization, because BT is both popular *and* decentralized.
@_date: 2016-01-29 19:11:56
Did you read the Segwit benefits FAQ? Segwit fixes the txsig verification DoS vulnerability in blocks: with Segwit you don't need to introduce arbitrary tx size limit kludges like Gavin has done to do 2MB safely. In addition, Segwit fixes tx malleability enabling full blown Lightning payment channels which are the only way we can viably handle ∞ throughput within the next 10 years. It's completely ridiculous to delay Segwit when everyone agrees it's an upgrade, and everyone can see it removes kludges for block size increases, plus allows for Lightning.
@_date: 2016-01-29 04:18:15


A system Satoshi built of his own volition while answering to NO ONE over the span of many years - yes. What if a bureaucracy had built Bitcoin? Can ya *think* of any problems or inefficiencies that might've created?


You seem to believe merely uttering out these words on Reddit several times makes a difference to historical fact: Bitcoin wasn't designed by committee. Good software typically isn't, and I can't fathom why anyone would expect *radically distributed blockchain software* to be more useful when designed by committee.
How about we let the experts build an internet protocol? If you think the Bitcoin protocol is crappy, you've failed to explain yourself with technical fact-based arguments. We are not making a "sociopolitical" decision on a TECHNICAL parameter.
@_date: 2016-03-06 03:20:00


That's reasonable. But you'll excuse me if I remain skeptical of this coming from people who were not even a year ago shouting from the rooftops "20MB OR DIE". A great many today shout about Blockstream Bilderbergers, and call devs autistic. Clearly an agenda is being pushed there. No offense, but Segwit is coming in 8 weeks. What's the rush for 2MB in 4?
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:53:34
It doesn't help when people like you claim so long as it works in a datacenter that's "safe".
@_date: 2016-01-25 00:06:55
Feature | Possible at Datacenter?
---     | ---
Privacy | No
Independent verification | Weak form only - hardware is not your own
Trustlessness | Weak form only - hardware is not your own
@_date: 2016-01-25 11:46:03
"Bringing democracy to Bitcoin" with consider.it and this small bump to pacify the smallblockists. But actually we're firing them and taking over. But don't say that though.
@_date: 2016-01-28 21:50:02
Here's a standout example of a "[Bitcoin user]( who will *never* be satisfied by Core:


Presumably this isn't the type of user you had in mind.
@_date: 2016-03-20 16:24:05


Author is drawing a parallel here between Bitcoin roundtables and the role Jekyll Island played in establishing the Federal Reserve.
Importantly, looking at this from one side of the debate, the PR efforts of the BitcoinXT squad, based on behind-closed-doors discussion with miners and private companies, was transparently a takeover attempt sprung on the Bitcoin developers.
Given 6,000,000,000 people haven't the faintest idea of what Bitcoin is, should Mike Hearn and the industry players backing XT have gained control over Bitcoin at that point, the Jekyll Island crap would be on them. I'm just saying, I feel the author is the big block kind a guy. The goal of XT was a change of governance benefiting certain Corporations who would, over time, go on to gain more and more power and influence over the network as it became harder and harder for individuals to run full nodes.
On the idea of a Bitcoin monopoly forming, I'm not so sure about that. On one hand, it's a [statistical inevitability]( that Bitcoin's market leadership in and of itself positively sways the market in its favor. Liquidity begets liquidity. This is a natural process that allows Bitcoin to wrestle marketshare from its competitors, and should in any case be fully expected:


In my view, a key consideration in keeping this market process natural is lowering the [barriers to entry]( That means full nodes need to be EASY and CHEAP. The buck stops with the node.
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:57:28
"Someone's exit node" isn't the same thing as your home IP being DDoS'd. Tor solves your problem unless your adversary wants to DDoS the Tor network at large. This keeps you in control of your node while outsourcing DDoS mitigation to Tor instead of Amazon
@_date: 2016-03-24 23:29:55
Tor is free and easy, but far from the only solution. You could just proxy your node's connection to a remote host over SSH. Instead of relocating everything to the cloud, just proxy the cloud server's connection with SSH and have your node connect through it. This should be even lower latency than Tor and will offer equivalent DDoS protection to relocating the node to the remote host.
@_date: 2016-01-29 02:12:50


No. Just, NO. Bitcoin wasn't designed by a committee. Are you serious right now?
News flash: Bitcoin isn't designed to end world poverty. Most people who did have no savings in 2009, no access to the internet or computing power had no chance to acquire BTC, and still have no chance to acquire BTC. They will in all likelihood die paupers whether or not Bitcoin takes over the world.
Yet, by your *own definition*, these paupers are the MAJORITY who should decide Bitcoin protocol parameters. You'd rather it be the paupers than the experts? Is that what you're saying? Obviously that's not what you're saying, and I continue to call bullshit. You just want to fire the core team. That's all it is, so why can't you just be up front about it?


If it were true that a 51% attacker controls Bitcoin - which it's not - then what do you plan to do about a 51% attacker who censors txs and makes fundamental changes to their Bitcoin full node such that nobody in their right mind would agree to those changes?
This isn't nearly as cut and dry as you're making it out to be.


Again, yet another person underhandedly asserts that what the Bitcoin developers are currently doing is "an attack on the fundamental operation of the currency". On what basis can you *possibly* make that claim?
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:34:30
Just we need: another tech-illiterate baby boomer, part of the criminal DoD elite, declares war upon the Bitcoin idea. Only this time, he threatens us with state and federal regulators, claiming "Look You Guys - We're Here To *Help* You" - as Stephen Pair flacidly grins in the background.
This is what your platform is devolving into.
Do you expect to find your place of power in this relationship? You bunch of *BITCHES*.
Where is your leadership? Your spiritual founder Hearn was just used as a pawn by this scoundrel. Have you no cajones? Or are you cowards just going to hide behind "big industry" and pretend like it's all OK? You bigblockers make me **SICK**. Sell outs, lacking vision and imagination, and with zero appetite for risk taking - every last one of you should be ashamed of your cowardice for not speaking out against this.
@_date: 2016-03-24 23:53:46
OK- but just because you insist on hosting a node inside a datacenter doesn't make it ethical to take away *my right* to run a node outside of a datacenter.
@_date: 2016-03-04 00:02:52
We who approve of soft forking Segwit
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:13:16


Core has offered up a solution worth 1.6MB of block space. That's 80% of the opposition's demanded increase, and it's a conservative case. If we see an increase in users of 2 of 2 and 2 of 3, etc multisig aka the GreenAddress model, there will be even more throughput increase getting *above* 2MB.
As for the urgency of this 2.0 or 1.6 MB throughput bump, [performance test data]( shows 32MB is the absolute maximum block size that can be processed on a modern desktop PC, hence there's only so much we can do right now regardless. Because 32MB gets you less than 1% of VISA's capacity, it's difficult to overstate the importance of Lightning and other Layer-2 solutions - which Core has called into focus as their plan for the network going forward.


Without Moore's Law - and according to the world's foremost x86 CPU expert, Moore's Law has now ["hit the roof"]( - we can't count on achieving VISA scale on the blockchain anytime soon. Computers are simply not good enough. Unless you want to turn over all the nodes to datacenters, it seems we're in a *bit* of a predicament for the moment.
To restate, the opposition has offered 2.0MB to core's 1.6MB. Hence, any person can see that a switch away from core *isn't* about throughput so much as it's about firing the current developers - which the cynical among us have long held is the ulterior motive of the fork.
Sadly, the opposition has been proven wrong *time after time* about the safety of their proposed large block size increases - so many times now that they've fundamentally changed their demands to reflect our current disappointingly low-tech reality - FINALLY - but they still insist on a "compromise" and by that they mean everyone gets fired except for them.
@_date: 2016-01-20 03:12:04


Sidechains and voting pools fit your needs better than the main blockchain does unless you want to turn the main blockchain into something it's not: a universal database, instead of a P2P currency. Presently, the P2P currency has all the users. You're telling us we should end a really good thing, for what gain exactly?
As a rule of thumb, if you aren't in the business of creating true digital bearer instruments - on par with BTC itself - you'd be very hard pressed to make whatever it is you're working on into a major success. There are no counter-examples where "X but with a blockchain" has been successful. There are certainly people who invest in those other things, but investors like that aren't seeing a return on their investment *just yet*.
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:29:44
@_date: 2016-01-23 19:32:42


That's exactly what a central bank does. Bitcoin replaces central banks!


Gosh, you could've just said that up front and saved me the time! If this is actually all you think Bitcoin can be then nothing more needs to be said.
@_date: 2016-01-19 00:20:46
Moving from 3 tps to 6 tps changes absolutely nothing.
Even if we bumped block size to 32MB - which is *above* the absolute [maximum]( that could be handled on a single desktop PC - Bitcoin throughput capacity would be less than 1% of VISA's.
To bump to 2MB and pretend like it's solution? That's like if your feet were dangling deathly close to a 747's spinning turbine engine, hanging on for your dear life while screaming for help - but having the emergency crew *take off your left shoe* for added protection:


@_date: 2016-01-19 05:17:51
welcome to reddit...
@_date: 2016-01-25 11:57:07
Coinbase and BitPay should all run the nodes, right?
They'll have top of the line, state of the art hardware, so say hello to gigablocks!
Everyone else will just *trust them*.
@_date: 2016-01-23 19:06:07
Bitcoin is a new national currency - it's a sovereign and *global* monetary base. says it best:












@_date: 2016-01-29 16:19:01
Can you try making technical fact-based arguments instead of appealing to emotion? Let's have some substance please.
@_date: 2016-01-22 23:03:47
Do you mean to suggest we'll be at 1000/2000th of VISA's current daily averages eventually, and in the best case? Great - we're unable to burst to 20,000 tps then, and we're only halfway to one credit card company's average daily tps. Next, we'll have to get the other half of VISA's capacity plus all the *other* credit card companies, cash transactions, and microtxs.
This is a tall order.
@_date: 2016-01-21 04:44:45
2MB now vs 1.6MB nine months from now is utterly inconsequential. So is 4MB vs 1.6MB for that matter. It's 12 tps vs 4 tps.
Regardless, you asked when Segwit would begin being deployed. April 2016.
Pressuring nodes any more than we are now is fighting against the strong current of what is: clearly blockchains scale differently than typical databases. Linear scaling is *extremely inefficient*.
And if it's between having the foresight to minimize full node footprint, and a divergent path that takes us to a 4MB block size without Segwit, I'm just not seeing any technical merits to that. The divergent path earns us no more than 12 tps, and the core team plans on doing a similar raise after deploying Lightning and other algorithmic scaling improvements.
Bottom line, our differences are irreconcileable. Your vision of full nodes in datacenters owned by Corporations is fundamentally at odds with user freedoms and individual privacy.
@_date: 2016-01-20 23:12:05






[April 2016](


No, that's probably just what cypherdoc said.


Because everything over 3MB blocks is considered unsafe as of today, you can't do Segwit *and* a miniscule block size bump at the same time safely. Doing a 2MB bump and Segwit exposes you to risking 8MB blocks, which the network can't currently handle safely. And as I keep repeating, even if we raised the block size to 32MB, we'd get only 300 tps, which is less than 1% of VISA's capacity.
@_date: 2016-01-31 00:54:23
FYI: Adam is on board with the scaling roadmap. Pointing out how he was ok with 2MB blocks is irrelevant since Segwit potentially results in 2MB+ blocks depending on usage patterns. It's more like 1.6MB but who's counting?
@_date: 2016-01-25 12:50:06


Pretends as if firing core devs is a compromise between two imaginary extremes. There's also a "compromise" between you giving me $0 and $1,000,000.
@_date: 2016-01-13 22:41:08


A $5 fee is 1% of $500. If you have less in BTC savings than you pay for renting a shitty apartment in most American cities, I'm sorry but you're simply not a serious Bitcoin investor. It's not that your opinions don't matter, it's just that you're not important to the market price which is in fact the primary benefit of Bitcoin adoption at its earliest stages - which is what we're in today.


Completely false. Cars, food and every other aspect of your modern way of life are "vulnerable to regulation". This despite - or more accurately *thanks to* - having literally BILLIONS of current users.
More users doesn't mean less regulation, but the *opposite*.


Think of Lightning like Venmo except with payment chanels. You're not going to deposit just $5, you're going to deposit $300-$3000 and that'll be your balance for years unless you spend it. Everyone else can use sidechains, voting pools or Coinbase.


Use cases that need fees to be near zero - such as blockchain 2.0 - are a better fit for sidechains due to a whole bunch of different factors. Blockchain 2.0 is "IOUs but with a blockchain". It's E-gold, except on a blockchain. Such innovative.
Buzzworthy doesn't equal commercial success, and incidentally all blockchain 2.0 platforms suffer from a complete lack of real users.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:14:06


Excuse me? That's a *grievous* misrepresentation of the facts. The bigblocker "line" has always been to cry foul about *Blockstream* "artificially limiting the block size" - which you are STILL doing. Even more pathetic, they wanted to install *Mike Hearn* as Bitcoin's "benevolent" dictator, and look how well *that* would've turned out! The plan at the time was to force through a BIP101 hard fork that bumped block size to 20MB starting this month - doubling it every two years.
Time has proven you wrong on all counts.
You were *completely* wrong about Mike Hearn.
And judging by your renewed effort to fork to 2MB, which is 10X smaller than you had originally hoped for, you were completely wrong about 20MB being safe.
That you continue to promote Blockstream conspiracy theories is dumbfounding. Do you suggest Blockstream was the reason you were wrong about Mike Hearn, and that Blockstream was the reason you were wrong about 20MB being safe? Is Blockstream the scapegoat here for you? *Pathetic*. Utterly shameful and classless behavior, I used to respect you but you should *really* take a reality check. You're just *wrong*.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:28:41
Do you suggest there's some kind of impending *doom* - like the 2013 BDB network partition - that calls for immediate, rash action? Blocks aren't even full today. And when blocks *are* "full", 50% of txs are for less than $1.00.
This is not a damn emergency.
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:44:19
You're not making any sense. Why did you even bring this up then? You suggested ASICs for blockchain processing. I asked you where the progress is and what it's going to cost. I'm of course perplexed that you would resort to ad homs just for my asking you rudimentary due diligence questions about a promising method of allowing consumers to do bigblock processing on desktop PCs in the future.
Good day to you.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:12:59


We've been hearing conflicted investors on Reddit - like yourself - pitch their fledgling enterprises for the better part of two years. All of them have one thing in common: NO END USERS. Show me a single example of a buzzworthy blockchain 2.0 product with more than 10 actual users, and I mean ACTUAL users - not conflicted astroturfers which is the norm for this sort of thing.


And? We'll have sidechains and voting pools for the dubious use cases you're astroturfing for. If one of them turns out to garnish any actual interest by a significant number of real users, you'll have a much better case for natively adapting it to Bitcoin's main blockchain.
And ironically, you consider the Bitcoin blockchain a "public good", which is totally true! but somehow you didn't stop to think about the negative externalities of polluting the ever loving shit out of it: we're not going to do gigablocks in datacenters so a bunch of startup investors can make a profit, I mean you've got to be shitting me.
@_date: 2016-01-17 19:11:21
You presented it as one possible solution, and I'm going to question you about that solution just like bigblockists question me about [LN](
Your solution doesn't appear to exist in any tangible form, but it certainly *sounds* good. Would you care to point me to anything on the market, or even something half similar? What's this going to cost on the open market?
@_date: 2016-01-29 05:11:47


FUD. Pieter Wuille and Greg Maxwell coded Segwit both as a hard fork and as a soft fork. They know. But *your* opinion? Who knows or even cares?


FUD, plus changing the blocksize to 2MB requires more than 1 LOC and a contentious hard fork of Bitcoin is extremely risky.


Everyone will upgrade. To suggest otherwise is more FUD.


No; 6-12 months isn't the end of the world; and 50% of txs are for less than $1.00 anyway.


More ridiculous FUD.


Gold is money. Bitcoin needs to act like it's digital gold. Worst case, you can't use the blockchain without paying $5.


The USD is valuable and important, but centralized. If Bitcoin becomes centralized in the misguided pursuit of crowd pleasers, it will have been all for nothing.
@_date: 2016-03-04 01:37:22
You know, I laughed harder at this than I did at some nincompoop who said to me "your days are NUMBERS small block man"; this is a direct quote, grammatical error and all.
Yours really takes the cake: "Im highly suspectful that this is a green beret situation"
I don't expect you to reply, I'm just posting this for posterity.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:31:27
GreenAddress *does* use a timelock.


It's in plain view on the [home page](
@_date: 2016-01-29 02:30:48
Since you agree the core team isn't degrading the network, by definition they're not impeding on anything. Yet you want to fire them. Why do you want to fire them if they're not doing anything to impede on your goals? Clearly firing the core team here isn't being done based on technical merits.
That's why Adam is saying it's political - which is the truth.


Untrue in an adversarial scenario. Bitcoin's defense against a government that gets 51% of the network and never lets go isn't to just let them have control over Bitcoin.


What if the investors don't want to listen to the engineers, and then proceed to fire them? Doesn't that set a dangerous precedent?
@_date: 2016-01-21 08:30:27
That rumored 2017 projection is being circulated by cypherdoc AFAIK, who is certainly no mathematician. But let's go with a worst case hypothetical. 8MB 24 tps vs 1MB 3 tps - which is a highly exaggerated thing. Guess what, even with 24 tps you *still* have a global settlement layer with less than 1% of VISA's capacity.
@_date: 2016-01-30 01:09:58
Maybe watch the video? Hint: it didn't make the cars any smaller, and it didn't add any lanes to the road. The point of the video is that challenging preconceived notions in engineering solutions is sometimes necessary to turn a bad situation into a complete success.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:47:31
By your own admission, under any real adoption scenario of Bitcoin, you'll be complaining about your arm burning off. It's simply impossible to support all txs, microtxs, both human and machine, 24/7 on the blockchain. This is true even *with* algorithmic scaling, *unless* you're willing to cross the [decentralization threshold]( where node operation is no longer viable without clustered computing in datacenters.
@_date: 2016-03-24 23:22:57
Or you could just open up a run-of-the-mill SSH proxy to EC2. Definitely no reason to relocate the software. Just proxy the connection.
@_date: 2016-03-27 17:24:10
Tuur Demeester vs Peter Rizun
@_date: 2016-03-31 18:48:11
Making blocks bigger doesn't make China any less powerful. For the umpteenth time, it just disadvantages *the rest of the world*.
And what makes you think increasing the block size would cause a *dip* in Chinese hashing power? You're telling me the more advantages we give to China, the less China will mine? Your understanding of the reality is *completely backwards*.
Do you suggest we should change the Proof of Work algorithm to ditch the Chinese? I don't think that's what you're suggesting, but even if it *were* what you were suggesting, I doubt if you can come up with any Proof of Work scheme where Chinese miners don't have the upper hand.
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:16:30
Your blockchain 2.0 startup has no end users. Yet you demand we plan capacity around your startup, *which has no users*. Do you see why this is a transparently selfish request on the part of your startup, given that you have no users?
And in the off chance that you *do* gain users, and I highly doubt that you will because you've completely failed to do so thus far, I would point you to [sidechains]( and [voting pools]( which can get you at least 80% of the way there.
@_date: 2016-01-23 19:01:08


Right, but if you can't **demonstrate the safety** of your limit, then it's not the true limit, now is it? It's like the speed limit on a country road through a school zone. Make it 85 mph in that school zone, and obviously not everyone will go that quickly, but the people who do are no doubt jeopardizing the safety of schoolchildren.
Limits are *limits*, if the limits aren't safe, then you'd better start over again on a limit that *is* safe.


Let's review the [actual performance test data]( before making this assertion:


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
In addition:




There is simply no doubt that forcing nodes into 10-machine clusters will wreak havoc on node diversity. Such a cluster's price would be *over $10,000* up front not including overhead - power, bandwidth, upkeep and maintenance. Setup and server rack not included.
Go ahead - add *billions* of more users to Bitcoin even - how many are going to be able to afford $10,000+ to run a node?
Would they even be able to run that node outside of a datacenter?
Heck, we don't even see most of *today's* Bitcoin millionaires running nodes - why would you expect *more* of them to run nodes as the cost of doing so *skyrockets*?
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:42:28
Stewardship of a global monetary supply isn't exactly Semame Street. Sorry to shatter your dreams!
@_date: 2016-03-28 19:34:58
Wow I guess VISA accepts everything in your own deluded *echo chamber of one*. Gosh, little did we know, you can send cats and dogs over VISA. Hey, I want you to pay me in horses. Send it over VISA. kthx
@_date: 2016-01-31 20:11:58


Most merchants aren't sheep? Thanks for the laugh, but a merchant is an individual and just like other individuals makes decisions based on short term emotion.


No, you can't fork off the bloat. It doesn't work like that. The bloat is permanent.
A good analogy is clearcutting the rainforest - we can "reduce" clearcutting, but how do we decide when it's an emergency? And by the time we *do* decide it's an emergency, it's most likely already too late.


Thanks? But actually all open source software has some form of project leadership. Bitcoin is no different, and without clear leadership we all suffer for it.
@_date: 2016-01-17 12:45:13


If you're willing to use unethical tactics to steal from your fellow man, you're desperate, deserve to lose your freedoms, or both. Basic human decency and a code of ethics seems to deter fraudulent checks, and besides it's hard for me to believe a thief would want to telegraph intent to double-spend with the opt-in flag.
@_date: 2016-01-25 01:03:00
Buttcoiner posting history detected. Bunch of disingenuous concern trolls that own no BTC want to tell us *all about* how if we just did XYZ BBQ for them they'd be all on board.
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:51:25
Do you suggest these statistics aren't applicable on a nationwide basis? Do you suggest Comcast customers are categorically different in terms of bandwidth consumption than customers of your ISP?
@_date: 2016-01-21 07:33:03
Let's be reasonable. Core offers 1.6MB to the opposition's 2.0MB - what's left *should* be like arguing the finer points of any other technical standard. Instead you have utter [pandemonium]( with one side mashing the 2.0MB button with their fingers in their ears, while agreeing over coffee breaks that really the goal is to fire everyone on core.
This isn't exactly the hallmark of good objective technical decision making, wouldn't you agree?
@_date: 2016-01-19 04:55:58
@_date: 2016-01-18 23:35:15
Assuming [the performance test data]( from btcd is accurate, and by all accounts it *is* representative of the state of blockchain scalability as of January 2016, Core doesn't have to switch hashing algos, nor should they.
If Classic refuses to adopt the algorithmic scaling techniques being put forward by Core, then they do so at the risk of accumulating unwanted technical debt in the core client. And Core doesn't have to *care*.
Of course, we could be *wrong* about the value of decentralization, as foretold by [Greg Maxwell in 2013]( in which case hey at least they're directly funding us at the same time. Quote:


So far Classic hasn't had the time to present a roadmap or mission statement of their own, it isn't clear whether they want to scale Bitcoin with gigablocks in datacenters controlled by Corporations, tossing the little guy a bone every now and again.
But regardless of the roadmap Classic ends up publishing, raising and re-raising the limit ad infinitum simply hits a wall if you value decentralization of the network - and they might not! But after they hit that wall, either they'll have to push forward or they'll find themselves in a position of need for the very technologies they've rejected: Segwit and LN, technologies which are all but guaranteed to have first class support in Bitcoin Core.
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:24:08


Core will include both Segwit and a block size bump once the technical community gives the go ahead. There's nothing unique about Classic or Core in that respect. Which, again, just goes to show that the only reason Classic exists is to fire the current core developers.
You've failed to give any plausible reason why Classic is *different* than Core on purely technical merits. That is - unless you're advocating to put the nodes in datacenters owned by Corporations. If you want to go above the decentralization threshold where nodes are no longer viable to run on desktop by ordinary people, have at it! But on behalf of users like me who value freedom, privacy and autonomy, I beg of you to reconsider your actions which have been foretold by Greg Maxwell since 2013, [quote](


Sound familiar? Here's what Gavin Andresen said about this in 2011, note the very clear and distinct difference:


Bottom line, these visions are mutually exclusive - they're incompatible! And judging by your words, you've already committed to the latter. That's extremely unfortunate.
@_date: 2016-01-22 18:42:19
FYI: Classic includes "artificial limits" on the block size. Sweet criticism attempt.
@_date: 2016-01-21 08:06:17


It's deeply unfortunate that users have this sense that we're "taking something away from them" that they once had. Yes, you once had free or nearly free blockchain txs, but the problem is there are negative externalities at play, and this isn't going to last forever. The faster we condition users for this reality, the better off *everyone* is.
Kicking the can with Segwit soft fork instead of with a hard fork block size increase perfectly lines up Lightning using a 100% time tested process for a Segwit result that both sides claim to want. And the experts agree Lightning is our best shot of increasing effective Bitcoin throughput MANY FOLD over the short term. We stand to gain an ∞ tps system that leaves users in control of private keys *long* before we stand to support anything close to VISA levels of throughput directly on the blockchain.


How about we do Segwit first, not fire the top developers in Bitcoin, stop with the Blockstream conspiracies, and pray that Lightning works. We have no other way to accomodate a massive influx than putting all the nodes in datacenters to provide that throughput. The choice is obvious, and the team most likely to get us there in one piece is none other than that which the opposition wants to fire at all costs.
@_date: 2016-03-29 16:52:05


Straw man. The cost isn't between a shitty computer and a good one. It's between a good one and a 10-machine cluster running in a remote datacenter, or worse:
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"




According to the btcd team which actually tested blocks of that size, [*you do*](


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.






32MB blocks isn't even 10% of VISA's daily average throughput. It solves *nothing*.


Which is why we're doing Segwit. Then Lightning and sidechains so that we're not stuck at these paltry levels with horrid decentralization tradeoffs.
And you dodged the question. You're an Ethereum investor, aren't you. Not that it's tangential to our conversation, but I've noticed being invested in Ethereum is a top indicator for where you fall on this question of block size. I posit it's because Etheruem investors are convinced everything and anything that can be done on a blockchain *must* be done on a "main" blockchain, as opposed to sidechains or voting pools or payment channels et al.
@_date: 2016-03-30 20:01:50
LOL "tools" indeed. You act like it's Ethereum or *nothing*. That's provably a false dichotomy: 
And note that in OT, which doesn't require a shitcoin to use, you can write your Turing Complete™ code in - get this - any run-of-the-mill scripting language, like, gee I don't know Python? And then instead of designing complex financial instruments based on a tinker toy VM made by masochists, you actually use the same technologies you're used to using in the real world.
Hence, Open Transactions can do everything Ethereum can do, but lord knows they can't hype their platform as much because they didn't raise a boatload of cash from investors up front who would go on to shill for the platform like it's the best thing since sliced bread.
@_date: 2016-03-07 20:56:10


Well then we have an intractable problem. On the one hand, anyone who's been around the block in these debates knows fully well that detractors and concern trolls are going to act *totally dissatisfied* and even *outraged* about sidechains, voting pools, and Lightning no matter how seamless and secure they are in practice. This type of scaling plan could be the best thing since sliced bread actually - and *still* I'd be shocked if the detractors won't amp UP their criticism levels against Bitcoin due to the increased threat Bitcoin poses to their investment portfolio.


True, but then nothing magically solves all our problems, and certainly raising and re-raising block size ad infinitum isn't without risk. If you're concerned with the short term, why is Segwit followed by conservative hard forks not good enough in your opinion?
The way I see things, what Bitcoin Core is proposing to do, most altcoin flunkies sure as heck aren't sophisticated enough to implement their own version of. This is where the rubber meets the road, and if our plan fails then we're basically screwed with datacenters - and there's no rush to get to that point.
@_date: 2016-03-23 21:29:41
If you want fees to be zero long term with a gigasize chain, you don't need fee management tools like RBF, sure - but you do need *datacenters* to store that centralized monstrosity.
Conversely, if you want to keep Bitcoin decentralized and stay out of datacenters, you need RBF because the blocks *will* be full. Every other fee bumping method is much worse.
@_date: 2016-03-14 00:44:46
But the btcd team took that into consideration! And if their conclusions weren't enough for you, here's what Gavin Andresen *himself* had to say about bigblock scaling:
- "[there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks](


Why do you think your opinions are more accurate than Gavin's opinions? What are your credentials? Do you think I should be quoting *your* opinion on this instead of the btcd team's factual findings?
@_date: 2016-03-07 20:30:16


Who says we're "reacting" 'cept you: some guy on Reddit apparently hell bent on FUDing every last action taken by Core to *respond* to rising demand for Bitcoin, without compromising on the fundamentals?


This is exactly the type of bombastic, negative emotionally charged language I'd expect to spew from the mouth of a concern troll.


Gee I guess you think Segwit is a sure thing then, because if Ethereum can be adopted in "a few days" by key Bitcoin infrastructure providers, then golly! Segwit is going to get adopted in a *few hours*. Oh wait, but you're FUDing Segwit on the grounds that it won't deliver any meaningful capacity increase for several months - invalidating all of your arguments and providing proof positive that you're a concern troll.


I have most of my wealth in Bitcoin, too. See how easy that is to say? What is going unsaid is what your position in altcoins is, which nobody can reasonably expect anyone else to answer on a public forum. Hence we can chalk up your propensity to remind others of your Bitcoin investment as nothing more than a tactic for distracting from your concern trolling, which we've heard more than enough of at this point.
@_date: 2016-01-16 18:28:59
[Adam Back - 1996]( Literally Hitler.
@_date: 2016-01-29 19:50:55
Welcome to Reddit...


@_date: 2016-01-17 20:36:01


Do you suggest sub-$0.01 txs can happen millions of times per second over the IoT *on a blockchain*? How about you use [the right tool for the job]( instead?
And Bitcoin's disinflationary, civil asset forfeiture proof nature is FAR more beneficial to the ordinary person than is having yet another PayPal service. No, the "third world" doesn't need another PayPal more than it needs a sovereign store of wealth.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:07:11
What's the difference between tuning key parameters in other internet protocols, and tuning key parameters in Bitcoin?
I envision scientists with white hair making these decisions as objectively as possible, and this seems to be what's happening here in Bitcoin what with the opposition slashing their demands over and over again, from 20MB doubling to 8GB, to 8MB doubling to 8GB, to now 2MB *possibly* going as high as 4MB. Clearly some objective scientific debate *is* happening, so why is it that you wouldn't think twice about turning public opinion loose on our processes?
Why is it that you want to subject technical parameters in Bitcoin to mass opinions and political debate, while you wouldn't even *dare* do the same with some other internet protocol?
@_date: 2016-01-29 19:23:18


aaaand we have another Blockstream conspiracy theory.
In science, there are FACTS. There are PHYSICAL LIMITS you cannot go beyond. For example, the team behind btcd studied the performance impact of 32MB blocks, finding them to be the absolute technical maximum that can be handled on desktop today. And what does 32MB buy us? Surely a "*32X*" increase would count for something?!
But alas, 32X the block size gives us 300 tps, which is less than 1% of VISA.
Speaking of which, consider VISA has 56,000 tps throughput capacity today. Your bump from 1MB to 2MB? It's an increase from 3 tps out of 56,000 to **6/56,000**. Go ahead and bikeshed while spreading more conspiracy theories?
@_date: 2016-01-15 23:51:29


And yet, the real economic majority is comprised of the people who are voting Democrat or Republican - and thinking *their vote counts*.
Those are the same people the scoundrels at R3 have a friggin' PhD in manipulating and sheering for uncontested profit.
My God, one of you in this thread is fucking blushing over this scoundrel's methodical words to his statist cronies.
The international banking elite *rules over* society. It is clearly possible for them to control the narrative, and the man just TOLD YOU he thinks BTC as a currency should die in a fire.
Are you SURE you want to hand Bitcoin over to the "economic majority"?
Or are you just mad the core team had the testicular fortitude to tell you people something besides that which you desperately wanted to hear about scaleability tradeoffs?
It's funny how you people think Hearn's rotten fairwell to Bitcoin comes as a surprise to *anyone* who has rejected Hearn's stench of redlisting statism over the years. Nevertheless, we had to watch in horror as you nincompoops DEMANDED Hearn be given *dictatorial control* over the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2016-01-19 05:12:15
Gavin Andresen appointed Wlad.
@_date: 2016-01-18 05:59:18


Of course not, but computers from five years ago aren't all that much worse than today's batch of computers.




This Agners piece got [over 800 comments]( in It's worth the read.


The Bitcoin "killer app" was launched on day one. It's a censorship resistant, civil asset forfeiture proof global monetary base - [says it best](










And [again](


@_date: 2016-01-25 13:22:18
Still comparing BTC to PayPal I see. Good job.
@_date: 2016-01-17 09:18:26


Pricing out which microtxs? Sub $1.00 txs need ultra-low fees to be viable, to say nothing about the cost of building future transactions with millions of small inputs. This is simply a doomed use case for the main Bitcoin blockchain unless you're willing to put the entire thing on a server rack and watch the thing become PayPal 2.0.
Where do you draw the line? Because clearly there are physical limits above which we cannot go without jeopardizing decentralization. Where are they, and did you know that the team behind btcd has [studied this](
Here's what the team behind [btcd]( found after [testing 32MB blocks](
1. a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
2. a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
3. a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
This is on current hardware, but thankfully! Moore's Law to the rescue, oh wait - what's this?  [Moore's Law Hits the Roof]( It did?




Now, if you recall, bigblockists were asking for 20MB starting this *month*. Obviously we all realize it's not going to immediately jump to 20MB without that much demand, but the fact is that demand COULD VERY WELL COME.
That is what is at risk here, and wouldn't you know - we're not talking about a number even *close* to 20. Not even 8! What happened there?
Originally, we could've damn well be seeing 32MB blocks in as little as TWO YEARS. What changed to make this not the case?
Flat out - are you prepared to run a clustered Bitcoin node in 2018? How many people and businesses *are*? How many nodes would there even *be*, globally? What about outside of datacenters?
Who will run these nodes? Coinbase and BitPay?
Finally, does that sound like it bodes well for open access? No, by golly, it simply doesn't! Imagine you couldn't use BitTorrent without a *compute cluster*. Or better yet, imagine BitTorrent is claimed to be "open source" by its internet investors, but nobody except for the RIAA runs all the "BitTorrent clients". This is a foreseeable threat to the idea of Bitcoin, and sadly, we know that desperate Bitcoin investors and possibly even social climber Corporatists would willingly let it happen for short term benefits.
@_date: 2016-01-25 13:38:25


You thought a 3/56,000 difference was splitting hairs? 1.6 vs 2.0 MB is a difference of 0.4MB or 1 tps - that's a 1/56,000 tps difference between core and the opposition. If that isn't bikeshedding, I don't know what is.


News flash: If 200,000,000+ people adopt Bitcoin, they're going to ask for bigger blocks. That doesn't mean we can deliver gigablocks to people this month without imploding Bitcoin. That's the reality.


Obviously. The way Mike Hearn accused Greg Maxwell of ill intent made all the difference. It was an extremely hostile exchange with an emphasis on finger pointing that got the trolls riled up.




What? We're not even close to 20MB no matter how you look at it. And 50% of current block space is for txs less than $1.00. You'd have me believe this is an emergency? Hearn was so utterly wrong that his actions can only be seen now for what they were: **fear mongering**.
@_date: 2016-03-02 17:17:04


It would take a state sponsored attack against Bitcoin for fees to rise to $20 in the near term. Normal people aren't going to be willing to pay fees that high until there are a billion or more users, and normal attackers aren't wealthy enough to pull it off. It would cost an attacker over $200,000 per hour to fill 1MB blocks, and let's face it: 99% of Bitcoin users would just say "nope", and let the attacker fill the blocks.
Maybe shift a couple grand to Coinbase if you know you'll need to desperately transact with BTC in the near term?
@_date: 2016-01-18 05:48:32
At first you said:


Then you later contradict yourself in the same post:


The "real solution" you're asking for is obvious: the Venmo of Lightning or voting pools would abstract away all the user-unfriendly aspects of the blockchain. The only way you get rid of those problems is by doing off-chain txs.
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:29:30
Firing the core team over 1.6MB to your preferred 2.0MB in the short term is splitting hairs to put it mildly.
No matter what, Bitcoin's throughput is less than 1% of VISA's in the short term, and the relative difference in throughput between core and classic is utterly microscopic.
@_date: 2016-01-19 05:04:43
Am I being Poe'd here? Are you serious right now?
@_date: 2016-01-23 17:19:32


First, if you bump block size to 32MB *tomorrow* and 200,000,000+ people adopt Bitcoin - guess what, you've introduced "an artificial fee-market well before block rewards are gone". And at 32MB, we know modern desktop PCs can just *barely* keep up with the demands of block processing to say nothing of the bandwidth and storage requirements.


Know what's long run damaging? Having like 300 nodes for the entire world. Imagine how your SPV wallet is going to work - you have only 300 peers to connect to. Imagine how easy it is for governments to steer Bitcoin development - because all of the nodes are obviously highly visible and probably run by Corporations at that point.
And the fact that some people think this is a good option, when the blockchain's sole redeeming quality is decentralization, just goes to show they have their priorities ass backwards. Bitcoin just needs to do ONE thing: be a hard and true digital bearer instrument. Everything else can be built on top of that basis even if it means fees on Layer-0 rise.
@_date: 2016-01-25 12:56:27
A 1MB bump buys you 3 tps, that's a 3/56,000th step to VISA. No, the only thing that demonstrates is you're missing the forest for the trees.
FYI: if 200,000,000+ people adopt Bitcoin and you bump the block size limit to 32MB - the technical maximum on desktop - you'll be "forcing a premature fee market by a supply quota".
FYI: Classic has a supply quota of 2MB-4MB. That's 12/56,000th of a VISA.
The POWER is YOURS!
@_date: 2016-01-17 12:16:49
@_date: 2016-03-23 22:12:58


Hence, people can "look forward" to sidechains et al


Until those companies backed by conflicted investors start having a userbase, they don't matter. By that time, we'll have the alternatives to low value payment processing on the main Bitcoin blockchain ready.


Again, DrWasho says OB can happen over LN or sidechains. I asked you to back up your claim of "other Bitcoin businesses" leaving "because RBF" with a primary source and *to the surprise of no one* you failed to deliver.
@_date: 2016-03-01 00:50:39
This appears to incentivize CoinJoins on the protocol level. You couldn't ask for a better means of improving the anonymity set.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:02:32
But the opposition fundamentally changed their strategy, pivoting 180 degrees from BIP101. Why? Is it "compromise" so much as it's [a recognition of the reality](




Good to see the opposition has finally come around to what the experts have been saying for over a year now.
@_date: 2016-01-22 18:49:27
And if I thought Bitcoin's long term viability was contingent upon the "competency" of the people in a democracy shouting out protocol parameters en masse, I would've never believed anything about Bitcoin was set in stone.
Now, that doesn't mean the Bitcoin blockchain couldn't work great as a universal database with every Tom Dick and Harry shouting about lifting the limit completely. FYI: P2P electronic cash was the title of the whitepaper, not Datacenter-to-Datacenter Cool Things Network.
@_date: 2016-01-29 04:05:17
Can you try making a technical fact-based argument instead of appealing to emotion? Explain why 2MB, which just 0.4MB more than 1.6MB through Segwit - and a 1 tps difference in a world where VISA does 56,000 tps - makes any technical sense.
Consider for a second that you failed to explain the merits of BIP 101 before this - and that this is why for example you're looking at 2MB now instead of 20MB doubling to 8GB. Is it wrong of the incumbent experts to demand a similar explanation over your current 0.4MB, 1 transaction per second bikeshed?
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:20:50


Oh because it's demonstrating how futile a bump to 2MB is, that's why it's "weird" to you, huh?


Right, and with today's technology, Bitcoin wouldn't even be able to handle a bump to *64MB*. 64MB blocks get us 600 tps, which is a hair over 1% of VISA. Clearly some other mechanism for scaling MUST be implemented to accomodate real adoption scenarios.


You're not making any sense. Clearly if 200,000,000+ people adopt Bitcoin, it's a success - not a *failure*.
Hence, if we push the 1MB limit now, and prove Bitcoin can handle it through Layer-2 tech, we prove Bitcoin can work under real adoption scenarios.
@_date: 2016-03-13 22:17:26
Uh, yeah:
[The era of predictable improvement in computer hardware is ending. What comes next?](


[After Moore's Law](


[Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




[The chips are down for Moore’s law](






@_date: 2016-01-22 19:49:36
If you're going to claim the experts *are* the market, then obviously the "market" always makes the final call. It's a circular argument then.
@_date: 2016-01-29 21:13:48


Actually, *yes*. Gavin Andresen has been *very* clear about how he thinks Bitcoin should scale:










And of course Hearn's views are synchronized to Gavin's:


@_date: 2016-03-29 00:24:41
According to semiconductor industry insiders and SME, Satoshi was wrong about Moore's Law timetable:
[The era of predictable improvement in computer hardware is ending. What comes next?](


[After Moore's Law](


[Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




[The chips are down for Moore’s law](






@_date: 2016-03-13 23:08:03
Sorry, but Agner Fog is one of the world's foremost x86 CPU experts. His article received over [800 comments on Here's a [noteworthy quote](


And even if I *did* link you to the Economist *only*, which I definitely didn't!, it's not like the Economist doesn't quote the experts. Come on. In the off chance you decide to research the facts further, here's another one for good measure, by the IEEE titled [The Status of Moore's Law: It's Complicated](






Not really - you didn't read the articles, you just cherry picked a quote that half agrees with your preconceived notions. The reality is it would take a breakthrough in technology to process gigablocks on desktop, and that's largely because chipmakers will be optimizing for efficiency instead of raw power from now on.
@_date: 2016-03-27 01:15:11
The Coinbase Shift card converts your BTC to fiat. VISA isn't running the BTC unit of account natively on their debit card. This should be pretty clear after cursory due diligence.
@_date: 2016-03-17 20:59:43


How much influence could your ASIC laden *toaster* have? Even if you kept it "upgraded", it amounts to an infinitesimally tiny share of the hashing rate. It's so obviously ineffective as to be *patronizing*.
Imagine your toaster is an SPV miner with 0.00001% of the hash rate. What does that give you that Ping21 doesn't, or that a Lightning hub doesn't? You get out of these sorts of investments what you put in to them. How are the rest of us supposed to compete with full-time industrial scale mining operations?
To hear that you're using this impossibly absurd patronizing bullcrap as your rationale for ENDING the individual's ability to fully validate the blockchain, globally and for possibly all of time? It's utterly reviling.


Do you suggest usurping full nodes from individuals, handing them entirely over to Corporations in datacenters is OK if the rest of us just have a toaster SPV mining with 0.00001% share of the global hashrate. What an unbelievably tone deaf sentiment that is.


!remindme 30 days "umpteenth person plans to argue datacenters are a safe way to scale Bitcoin, will somehow rationalize it and proceed to feel vindicated"
@_date: 2016-03-05 20:40:18
If by "buying coffee with BTC" you mean buying giftcards with your smartphone and then using said giftcards, you're not actually buying coffee with BTC. You're taking a shortcut to cashing out of BTC at Coinbase and then using fiat to do the same thing. Couldn't you have used your credit card on FoldApp, and maybe gained reward points, airline miles and Net 30 terms? Did you buy those giftcards using your smartphone anonymously like some kind of a ninja? I mean, what I am missing here?
Because I'm just not seeing why you couldn't do that same gift card purchase over Lightning, or over a sidechain or a voting pool. You might as well have just kept $10 on Coinbase and paid with Coinbase direct.
Are the gift cards at least issued on a blockchain or something, or is this really as pedestrian as it sounds?
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:34:08
Lightning hubs don't ever touch your money. The txs are atomic and you remain in control of the private keys the entire time. How about we try this now.
@_date: 2016-01-17 17:54:08
Do I have this right - $10,000 is "a bit low" for you? What were you hoping for? $20,000? $50,000? Wouldn't you expect the vast majority of nodes to be run by Corporations in datacenters if it costs *$30,000 up front*?
Unbelievable. Can you name *any* other piece of software intended for consumers where you'd say something so outrageous as, "$10,000 is a low estimate, I was expecting it to be $20,000 or $30,000"? Who pays that much to use a piece of software besides Corporations? You must know damn well what the outcome is going to be of doing that.


When regulated financial institutions like Coinbase and BitPay run most if not all the nodes, who cares about SPV? If we're just going to trust banks to run all the nodes, how is that ANY different than a permissioned ledger? In which case, why even have SPV? Why even have a wallet? Why not just use Coinbase's SQL database directly?
Can you imagine how one-sided this debate would've been if Coinbase didn't even have to politick before doing whatever they wanted to do anyway with their nodes? They could just forever vote to increase block size until nobody but banks could run Bitcoin nodes. Bitcoin would in that case be entirely controlled by the financial intermediaries it seeked to displace. Whatever happened to the ideal of permissionless innovation?
@_date: 2016-03-07 14:36:13


I hesitate to call nodes-as-datacenters financial system owned by nouveau globalist bankers any different from political fiat. Since the rest of us would be SPV wallets, the nouveau bankers could inflate the money on political whim. The bankers would own 100% of the nodes, and mining would be no better hence the nouveau bankers could make arbitrary changes to the money. I don't think this is a good cash system.


LN txs will never cost more than the blockchain, and if that becomes a problem, you could use voting pools or 2WP sidechain; or just plain physical cash notes backed by BTC [as envisioned by Hal Finney](








@_date: 2016-01-17 21:57:29
Which altcoin is it this time?
I don't mean to be rude, but people have been threatening with the altcoin bogeyman for six years now, and it's mostly been done by investors in those altcoins.
Hence, if you think an altcoin can overtake Bitcoin, despite Bitcoin's immense advantages in terms of developer mindshare and in terms of its network effect and liquidity, you need to *be specific*.


We know what the long term problems are, and quite clearly we're working on solving these problems with definitive, long-term solutions.


Not really. Bitcoin is growing as we speak despite all its technical shortcomings, just like it has in the past and for similar reasons: money is pure network effect. No, people aren't going to care if you need to install `lnwallet` to take advantage of that network effect, especially since the vast majority of coins sit unmoving in cold storage, case in point: Satoshi's million BTC stash hasn't moved in over six years.


The block limit isn't the US debt ceiling. It's just not a general solution and you're going to have to focus on improving Bitcoin's strengths which explicitly do not include transactional throughput, if you want to make it a global success.
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:47:25


How much less risk? VISA does 2000 tps on average, with 56,000 tps burst capacity. 4MB blocks gets you 12 tps, which is 0.6% of VISA's daily average. IOW, if the global economy slides into meltdown, our only option till 2WP sidechains, LN etc is "put everything into datacenters".
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:55:43
Not that your 7 day old throwaway account would care about this, but the team behind btcd ran [performance tests]( The data showed 32MB was the max block size you could handle today without clustered computing. Originally Mike Hearn's plan would've brought us to 40MB in January 2018. Think about what that would do to nodes - they'd be entirely Corporate owned by that point, surely.
@_date: 2016-01-13 22:04:36
It would be one thing if I could see any clear benefits of switching clients besides demoting a certain set of developers in favor of another. But it appears both Bitcoin Core and Classic share similar ideas about block size increases over the short term.
Which begs the question. What happened to the opposition's party line? Why can't the opposition seem to make their minds up about this issue, when *they themselves* have been promoting it as "simple" and understandable by any Average Joe?
Come on. Either convince me gigablocks are a good idea, and are the future of Bitcoin, or just fucking come to terms with the act that we need to aggressively cull bloat and optimize Layer-2 for consumer functions. Both parties to this debate are hoping for billions of new users, but only one party has been hoping for the best *and preparing for the worst*.
Mike Hearn practically *created* his own platform on the assumption that Bitcoin dies if we don't raise to 20MB by, I don't know, this Friday? They tried *so hard* to make it sound like Bitcoin dies if something huge doesn't happen this month, didn't they? Do they know something we don't, or were they simply fear mongering?
Hey, if the opposition is going to win, I want them to be *right*. But I'm just not seeing any relative technical merits to their current proposals.
Importantly, why hasn't someone based a bigblocks build on btcd? If you're going to be all about "sticking it to Core" - why base all of your efforts off of their client? It's a Classic example of biting the hand that feeds. btcd is written in Go and has very clean code - it's a *better platform* than core in a whole lot of ways. Yet Classic bases their codebase on Core? It beggars belief. It's just *so* technically underwhelming and hence why it's so disappointing to see people flock to one project over another pure politics.
Not to mention, btcd is the only project to have *actually tested* 32MB blocks on real hardware - and did so [over a *year* ago](
Here's what they discovered about 32MB blocks, [quote](
1. a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
2. a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
3. a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
Either this is your picture perfect version of Bitcoin in the future, or we optimize for Layer-2. That's the bottom line.
@_date: 2016-01-17 11:19:42




Taking this at face value, you'd need to build 10 servers, setup your own cluster, and do any other gymnastics necessary to handle a neverending stream of blocks.
At the cost of losing all desktop users of nodes, you get *at best* 2000 tps. The cost starts at $10,000 up front unless you're willing to rent the hardware, and right there we've just totally sunk any chances of ordinary people running a node. If they're fortunate enough to have the capital to run a node, they'll probably end up running it in a datacenter.
Worse still, this 2000 tps figures *still* isn't enough to do what the quoted poster is asking: VISA alone peaks at 56,000 tps. We're not even on par with a single credit card company, let alone cash trades or microtxs.
Sure, we can do 2000 tps with $10,000+ clustered nodes on high performance hardware in datacenters, destroying decentralization completely, and for all that microtxs *still* may be out of the picture.
@_date: 2016-01-29 19:32:54


We're not talking about $5000 tx fees here. WTF? Does Gavin think only "high-net worth people" can afford paying $5 to send a tx on the Bitcoin blockchain? When's the last time these people checked their favorite bank's fee schedule? A *cashier's check* is $10. $5 is a *taco*. A taco isn't a force of oppression.
@_date: 2016-01-25 00:28:42


You know what the *only* way is to get 100% privacy when checking Bitcoin address balances?
It's running a full node.
SPV will never replicate that level of privacy, because you **always** have to make a remote network connection, which telegraphs at a minimum to global spy agencies that you're in fact *doing something* related to checking balances. This is true even if you use Tor. The very act of making that remote network connection could be cause for suspicion.


Regretably that's only true in non-adversarial scenarios. For example, imagine we have a "government crackdown" scenario against Bitcoin. Anyone running the node in a datacenter presumably gets booted off the network.
But more importantly is the second order effects of this power dynamic: if you and the government both *know* that the government has the power to shut you down, the government can use that as leverage to bark orders at you. Suddenly we're more worried than we should be about "legitimacy", and we can't predict how far that rabbit hole goes. It's an extremely precarious situation that we are NOT in today - *yet*.
While not everybody is going to run a node, there's a night and day difference between not running a node because that's your preference, and not running a node because you're completely unable to do so. The latter case would be true if you in fact needed a 10-machine cluster to process gigablocks.
@_date: 2016-01-17 04:48:04
Seeing as we're back to 2011, here's what Gavin Andresen's vision for Bitcoin was at the time:


Yep, that's the ticket to BIG success, amirite?!
@_date: 2016-01-20 21:53:02
That's not true. Classic has no plans to adopt Segwit at all, and in fact jtoomim at one point commented on GitHub that the segwit parameters unjustifiably favored Blockstream solutions. Regardless, we have extremely limited headroom: 2MB hard fork and Segwit results in a known unsafe 8MB effective block size.
Unfortunately, the opposition has decided to delay Segwit in favor of naive, miniscule scaling bumps that achieve nothing, and disadvantage Lightning.
Finally, even if they were to fork to 32MB blocks, which is the technical maximum block size a desktop PC can handle today, it's still less than 1% of VISA's throughput. Congrats on accomplishing *nothing*.
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:37:15


You could say this word for word at a block size of 1GB or 10GB. Keep kicking that can. Don't worry, the Corporations like BitPay will run all the nodes anyway, and the rest of us can just *trust them*.


I support RBF, and the method implemented is the same one implemented by Satoshi in the original Bitcoin client. But Satoshi is only worshiped when it suits your agenda, right?
@_date: 2016-01-21 02:28:38
Easy as pie: 
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:39:21
News flash: in every conceivable scenario where Bitcoin is a real success, we have a "transaction backlog" that never clears. Unless, of course - and this is actually true from what I can tell - your plan is to have Bitcoin banks run all the nodes in datacenters. In that case, bring on the gigablocks and say goodbye to your right to run a validating node.
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:27:44
It's not even much of a fork now that the opposition's demands have decreased from 20MB doubling to 8GB, to 8MB doubling to 8GB, to now 2.0MB going as high as 4.0MB.
For each 1.0MB increase over Core's planned 1.6MB in the short term, you inch 3 tps further towards VISA's 56,000 tps. It's like splitting hairs. What does getting us even 32/56,000th of the way towards VISA strategically accomplish? The opposition's plan quickly buckles and bursts at the seams under any real adoption scenario.
@_date: 2016-01-31 00:41:19


Yet another person when faced with the facts of his leadership's plans prefers diverting attention to Lightning while name dropping Blockstream. Do you have any better ideas to achieve ∞ tps any time this decade?


News flash: a change in project leadership has real consequences. Do you think gigablocks are more likely under Greg Maxwell's direction, or under Gavin Andresen's? Do I really need to quote you Gavin's past statements on scaling *again*?


No you couldn't. Go dig it up. If Greg Maxwell and Pieter Wuille said anything that dumb, you people would've been scrawling all over it like cockroaches six months ago before you lost XT.
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:01:02


lolmfgbbq - what ever happened to the "fidelity effect"?
@_date: 2016-01-29 16:13:28
Both sides of the debate have approved Segwit. jtoomim has said he will copy paste that code directly as a soft fork, too. There isn't any disagreement there.
Conversely, there is EXTREME disagreement and contention regarding the decision to delay Segwit for doing a 2MB hardfork, which BTW is a giant fuck you to the core devs and involves firing the core team.
The difference is night and day. And obviously everyone is going to want Segwit.


Every wallet that matters has already indicated Segwit support. And again, 50% of txs today are for less than $1.00 - losing these txs temporarily until wallets get their shit together isn't a BFD.
@_date: 2016-01-17 23:05:09


Unfortunately, we know damn well what the outcome would've been of doing this. Bigblockists would *still* be screaming bloody murder, and worse, we'd have set a negative precedent by suggesting block size increases are an effective means of subduing conflict over fundamentally unsolvable limitations to blockchain scalability.


Agreed, and it's utter nonsense. Making choices with enormous technical ramifications for years to come CANNOT be made based on "feelings" let alone feelings of anger or resentment. That's a recipe for disastrous decision making, case in point: most bigblockers were willing to do anything to see Mike Hearn become Bitcoin's benevolent dictator, and look how that one turned out.


Exactly, and Bitcoin can't change this.


That's a misconception. If, magically, the block size limit were a free parameter without any consequences, we'd be all for lifting the limit completely. Bring on the 1TB blocks!
Except, that's not the reality. *This* is the reality: [Moore's Law Hits the Roof](
It's a myth that investors buy Bitcoin for the low fees and transactional throughput. There is not one person in the world with a significant sum invested in Bitcoin who isn't doing so for the digital gold factor. If anything, block size increases threaten the only paradigm we know works to *attract* investment interest.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:44:47


We're certainly not going to come together if one side is allowed to fire Bitcoin's top developers over 1.6MB vs 2.0MB - that's a purely political move that has no place in technical decision making.
And the opposition has made their demands abundantly clear, and in order of "importance":
1. Fire all the core developers
2. Lift the block size limit completely
They're so determined to achieve aim  firing all core developers, that they've slashed their throughput demands from 20MB doubling to 8GB, to 8MB doubling to 8GB, to now *2MB* going as high as 4MB. Clearly this isn't about throughput.
@_date: 2016-01-21 01:52:40


And if clean water has more than a few hundred billion users, guess we won't have enough to go around for everyone. That doesn't mean we should plan to dilute clean water with Mountain Dew to create more "water" when that's just not a solution.


What are you alleging, jratcliff? Be *specific*.
32MB blocks is the [technical maximum]( right now and it gets you no more than 300 tps. Are you going to *complain* if a couple hundred million people adopt Bitcoin and we can't support them all on the chain? Stop being wishy washy: do you want the nodes to end up 100% controlled by Corporations in datacenters, or don't you?


You certainly do NOT speak for me.
@_date: 2016-01-24 21:59:28
You're really straining your words there.


Let's just get one thing straight, you and 99% of people will NEVER be able to run a node in your home if it takes a 10-machine cluster that costs $10,000+ up front plus overhead.
And let's just gloss over the fact that not even Gavin is willing to do gigablocks any time soon, so basically your intention to do miniscule block size bumps bursts at the seams under any real adoption scenario in the first place.
Futility of your stated plans aside, without Moore's Law kicking into high gear ASAP, gigablocks will slash the total possible candidates for running a node. Period. Only people with very high resources and technical skills - aka Corporations - will run those nodes. This is trivial to regulate!
To pretend like this isn't what happens is so utterly disingenuous it boggles my mind that you would even suggest it with a straight face. Did you write this post while singing fucking Kumbaya?


Because as we all know Corporations have your best interests in mind /s
Seriously, what do you expect to happen to Bitcoin in a world where there only 300 some odd nodes for the entire planet? Gosh if I were a power hunger politician, gee, I'd sure want to protect the children from terrorists, and you know who I'd rile up the crowd of ignorant people against? These 300 evil Corporations who are running "unsanctioned software".
We could even go straight down the Fortune 1000 list, and just have every Corporation run a node "all over the world" - in datacenters. What does that do? Obviously they're not going to be running those nodes over Tor. And obviously those Corporations don't give a shit about you.


And to top it all off, you write this true gem of deceit. An emergent property of earth seems to be polluting and killing the environment for profit. Without any protections in place, we know damn well what the emergent properties are going to be and that they're going to benefit Corporations, the same ones you've elected to run all the nodes.
@_date: 2016-01-17 04:37:42
The sky's the limit. Incredible work. `lnd` is real, and it's in Go:
@_date: 2016-01-25 11:52:09
I can hear you sniveling from here.
@_date: 2016-01-23 12:27:18
My intention wasn't to rebuke, but the opposite - to encourage! It wasn't an argument, it was a riff.
@_date: 2016-01-30 00:51:55


It's like the concept of a dictatorship - you can't have *just a little bit* of a dictatorship in your country. Either you have it or you don't.
Similarly, you can either have datacenter tx validation, or you can avoid it with a layered approach to scaling.


Ripple has "a higher level of scale" than Bitcoin. [Scoreboard]( Throughput isn't why people buy Bitcoin.


How about we see what happens when Lightning launches because we have no other viable way to onboard 200M+ users without it. Until then, block size increases are short term opium highs that only dull the pain which would become utterly unbearable for the network to deal with under real world adoption scenarios. Hence block size increases in the short term should only be done when *absolutely necessary*, and it certainly shouldn't be presented to users as a "general solution".
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:32:05
First, I don't see any meaningful difference between 1.6MB through a Segwit softfork and 2.0MB through a hardfork. Hence, I doubt if this is a "compromise" so much as, after coming to terms with the facts as researched by your own jtoomim, that certainly above 4MB is NOT considered safe, you've simply adjusted to the reality the core developers have been warning you of all along.
And now, you want us to believe that your preferred hard fork to 2MB - comparable to what Core has proposed - is a "compromise", where *compromise* here is, basically: "You're fired". You call that a fucking compromise? How about you were wrong all along?
@_date: 2016-01-22 22:04:39
I could agree to that, but it would have to come with major points of admission from the opposition. You'd have to get in writing from all parties to this contentious debate, and I think we'd see some progress.
But right now, going by Gavin Andresen's vision for Bitcoin, I don't think he's willing to give up datacenter tx processing - he's envisioned datacenters as the way Bitcoin "scales" for half a decade now:


@_date: 2016-01-29 03:22:18
You keep repeating this fallacy that Satoshi designed Bitcoin with "the principle of majority rule". He clearly wasn't acting on a committee's whim when designing Bitcoin.
I still don't see any fact-based technical arguments for why 1.6MB through Segwit is an affront to you that makes it worthwhile to hardfork.
@_date: 2016-01-21 04:22:49
The core team has offered you a 1.6MB effective block size, followed by performance and efficiency gains after which Adam Back's 2-4-8 plan rescaled to Segwit boosts the block size.
You've indicated it's ok for nodes to end up 100% controlled by Bitcoin banks, and Corporations such as Coinbase, hence our differences are truly irreconcileable.
Nevertheless, a 1MB block size increase moves us from 3 tps, to 6 tps. And the differences between core and the opposition are even *less*, it's 1.6MB vs. 2.0MB. That's an utterly microscopic difference, to a completely meaningless and perhaps even futile bump to the blocksize that changes absolutely nothing.
If we're going to make a meaningless bump from 1MB to 2MB, let's include additional functionality in it that can make Lightning and Layer-2 protocols more viable. Everything else is just a waste. That you continue to threaten over something so microscopic provides even more circumstantial evidence that Classic exists only to fire the current developers for purely political reasons.
@_date: 2016-01-25 01:20:47
Real accounts are the exception, not the rule. If you're really an owner of BTC, why did you say "make it kind of unappealing to put a lot of time (and therefore money) into". This reads like someone who is considering owning BTC, but doesn't currently own any.
And would you blame me for pointing out most posters we see from are either cynical or concern trolling? Of course you *could be the exception*.
@_date: 2016-01-23 17:32:22


- Fact: most human beings have NO SAVINGS, and will still have NO SAVINGS if Bitcoin achieves global success
- Fact: most human beings are emotionally driven by hot button politics
If you think someone who barely owns any BTC will think twice to debase the investment of the "fat cat bankers" with all the wealth - which will be YOU in the future - then you're simply engaging in wishful thinking. If they get a fat welfare check out of it, from their perspective, their decision to debase you is net profitable.
@_date: 2016-01-20 18:01:28
Your quoted numbers are from cypherdoc, and linked thread includes a Blockstream conspiracy - real shocker. The chance of you embellishing pessimistic figures here is substantially high. We're not going to get 50% network adoption - ALL leading wallets have stated support for implementing Segwit, so 100% adoption will happen. The only thing not ensured is whether more people use 2 of 2 and 2 of 3, etc multisig solutions - aka the GreenAddress model which saves them even more money and allows up to 4MB of txs in each block - this is *more* than you're asking for, not *less*.
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:09:50


Instead of relocating your software to a datacenter, proxy your Bitcoin full node's connection to Tor. Run your home node as a Tor hidden service. Tor mitigates the DDoS threats.
@_date: 2016-03-28 02:14:13
I've seen sharding as it applies to Ethereum described as "one app, one shard". Which is ... interesting. Also, sharding a Proof of Work blockchain the naive way into N different shards divides hashing power, hence questions arise around merge mining shards, or what happens if one shard has 1/N hashing power, etc etc
Then you figure out Peter Todd's treechains concept is apparently one of the only viable ways to shard Proof of Work chains.
Proof of Stake chains lend themselves to sharding much more easily, but it's ... *Proof of Stake*.
Personally, I'd rather see a Proof of Stake sharded sidechain, if anything. Whoever wants Ethereum type back flip chains to butter their toast in the morning can have a great time with that security model on a sidechain.
Hey, other than the UX problem of figuring out how to route payments between people on different shards, and the problem of proof of stake security, and the enormous complexity of the switch to proof of stake and the complexity of sharding, no problem that I can see!
@_date: 2016-03-07 15:29:59


Sure there will: pay the damn fee for the main, totally uncontrolled blockchain. Just be prepared to pay a cashier's check or Ticketmaster type fee to use it. I think it's perfectly reasonable to do that in a world where most people hold bulk cash savings on the main blockchain and spending money on sidechains or LN or voting pools etc. Even a $20 withdrawal fee would be reasonable for a 401k savings vehicle.


Not really. Look at RootStock. Worst case scenario you have a federated sidechain but the sidechain is public and self-sustaining through tx fees.


Again look at RootStock. You can't really ask for 3 second block times on the main blockchain without jeopardizing the entire Bitcoin network's security model. It's simply unrealistic to support everyone without disciminating against certain types of use cases that are more demanding and specialized. Those are a perfect fit for sidechains.


What happened to the Fidelity Effect. So everyone who thought these financial companies would want stock settlement on the blockchain were just dreaming? FYI that calls for &gt; 100,000 tps and very very fast block times. Perfectly fitting on a sidechain, less so on the main chain.


You'll have to rephrase the question. No, hosting the blockchain in a world where it does 100k tps isn't even remotely comparable to hosting email. Come on.
@_date: 2016-01-27 05:14:05


@_date: 2016-01-17 21:48:58
Payment channels are being used in production at [Streamium]( and [JoyStream]( for microtxs.
And if you think Bitcoin from a civil asset forfeiture perspective is even *remotely* comparable to the fiat in your bank account, you're being willfully obtuse.
@_date: 2016-03-05 21:04:50
He could've used the Coinbase Shift card, too. At least that way he wouldn't have to deal with freaking giftcards. The linked post contains a comment arguing that gift cards are OK, and I never disagreed with that - I'm saying you don't need to make a main Bitcoin blockchain tx to attain that functionality.
In addition, it would be more efficient to buy your gift cards on credit with your VISA card, and then use a Bitcoin service to pay your credit card bill in BTC at the end of the month. They both accomplish the same thing AFAICT except credit cards give you reward points and let you batch pay for 30 days worth of "BTC" spending.
@_date: 2016-01-29 20:46:00
I will note that Voorhees, in accepting that not every tx can be done on the blockchain is a VERY EARLY investor in Bitcoin. There's undoubtedly a strong correlation between an early investor's willingness to invest in an unproven experiment, and an investor's willingness to challenge his own preconceived notions.


We're much more like the early investors in Apple than the actors on Lost.
But if we're to accept that we are actors on Lost, in this case Team Water has discovered parallelism and is simultaneously inventing HAARP to completely obliterate all storms in the future. The other team is fearful Team Water will use HAARP to destroy their homes after having perfected the technology and secured all the water for themselves.
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:03:40


Can you point to any tangible progress being made on this front? Because I can trivially point out the [Lightning repo on GitHub]( Real, working code exists for the solutions I've been recommending. Where are your solutions?
@_date: 2016-03-10 22:49:11
Is this the first step towards a lite mode full node? ~~I for one am suspending outrage without further info, as this is looking like it'll be a harmless config setting one that allows for rapid syncing~~.
EDIT: it's apparently only a 10% speed improvement? I was hoping it'd be much faster and a config setting, but it's neither.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:21:50


If these people are making so many small transactions amongst themselves, then why couldn't they just use Lightning, or a sidechain, or a voting pool for this? Heck, if price is truly the only factor here, why not just download Multichain and make payments to your friends on your own permissioned ledger? Could it be because you want to settle in raw BTC? And if so, isn't it possible to accomplish that type of settlement without hitting the blockchain with every last coffee payment?
In addition, it's *significantly* cheaper to use altcoins *today*. The BBQCoin fee is what, $0.00000001? Clearly there's something more going on here that stops people from hopping from coin to coin in search of "cheap payment processing".
@_date: 2016-01-25 01:32:29
BIP103 being "too slow" just goes to show they're only willing to settle for gigablocks. And they know the only way they're going to get it is by firing the developers who *dare* stand in the way.
@_date: 2016-01-19 05:03:21
libsecp256k1 - who coded it? Core did.
HD wallets - who invented it? Core did.
CoinJoin - who invented it? Core.
Segwit? Core.
Tor hidden service integration into full nodes? It came from Core.
The supporters of Classic inform me they have a nifty website where they can click buttons to vote on features. That must count for something!
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:22:16


OK, so the Government wants your Bitcoin. Tell me how they're going to take it from you without your consent.
BTW - do you understand what public key cryptography is?
This conversation is over.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:43:45
I've seen anecdotal reports that libsecp256k1 cuts the initial sync time down by half. It's hard to say anything without a performance benchmark.
If it allows for an effective 64 MB before a desktop is huffing and puffing at 1 block per 10 minutes, that's still only 600 tps - which is just a hair over 1% of VISA's 56,000 tps capacity.
And before you even get to the upper limit be it 32 MB or 64, you realisticaly need clustered computing - you wouldn't want your node to take 10 minutes to process each block.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:02:18
RBF was in the [original Satoshi client]( but was removed for its DoS vulnerabilities which have since been solved through superior design.
In addition, RBF discussions date back to May 2015.
Github: 
- Add first-seen-safe replace-by-fee logic to the mempool  
- Scheduled full-RBF deployment  
- nSequence-based Full-RBF opt-in 
IRC meeting: 
Mailing list discussions in no particular order:
-  - [bitcoin-dev] Opt-in Full Replace-By-Fee (Full-RBF)
-  - [Bitcoin-development] First-Seen-Safe Replace-by-Fee
-  - [Bitcoin-development] Cost savings by using replace-by-fee, 30-90%
-  - [bitcoin-dev] Significant losses by double-spending unconfirmed transactions
-  - [bitcoin-dev] BIP: Full Replace-by-Fee deployment schedule
-  - [Bitcoin-development] replace-by-fee v0.10.0rc4
-  - [bitcoin-dev] How wallets can handle real transaction fees
@_date: 2016-03-03 19:44:31
Here let me read your post back to you at a bigger block size, just so you're aware:


@_date: 2016-03-04 03:56:39


Then how do you explain Gavin Andresen's quotes on this? Gavin believed that it would take quote "big iron" to get to those levels.
In addition, the btcd team *also* [studied this]( and found it would take a 10-machine cluster to hit 3000 tps.
You're dreaming if you think a single computer can do all this, and your words run counter to all the expert testimony. From the semiconductor industry and leading x86 CPU experts, to the btcd team, to Gavin Andresen. What do you know that they don't know?
@_date: 2016-03-23 18:33:49


@_date: 2016-03-06 20:09:07
If you believe in the dream that nodes can be paid, you're probably a big blocker. The reality is, this type of thinking has been continuously shot down by superior arguments ongoing for several years. It's beating a dead horse.
Maybe you can earn some money with your node on JoinMarket or Lightning, but only indirectly and then only if you want to run a node when you don't strictly *have to*. FYI the author of JoinMarket is staunchly against bigblocks if that's any indication.
@_date: 2016-03-23 21:13:10
And by "less secure", you mean able to function free of datacenters in the long term.
@_date: 2016-01-22 19:17:13


It is, and it's being delivered by Pieter Wuille. You truly couldn't ask for anyone better than this to execute on the plan. Also, you say the plan is "dangerous" without qualifying yourself or describing what danger it entails.


Like [Muneeb at OneName](


@_date: 2016-01-22 01:10:58


No, and they never were. It was *your* idea all along that the core developers were somehow your "employees".


Yes, because that's exactly how open source software works. The owners of the repo set the strategy for the repo. You're welcome to fork the repo, but the owners of the original repo upstream are going to release code based on their preferred strategy, and being downstream you now have an opportunity cost of diverging from upstream's strategy as realized through that code. Diverge and you're forced to expend energy innovating in your own separate direction.


Not really. It's a *fact* that people *are* in charge of the software you're running - they built it, they have leverage over it going forward.
To put it mildly, you have a completely wrongheaded view on what open source developers are and what they do.
Firing the top developers in Bitcoin has real consequences - on strategy and on core competencies moving forward.
@_date: 2016-03-05 02:03:43
Switching accounts adds a time delay before botters add my account to their list of targets.
The type of software targeting my account works by adding Reddit users a to a list of targets. It subscribes to associated RSS feeds to know when each target is posting. One list of targets gets auto-upvoted, the other list gets auto-downvoted.
To mask the botting, the software has options which include customizing the % chance a target is auto-downvoted, e.g. some users might get downvoted 75% of the time, others 100% of the time. IIRC you can also customize the time delay for the voting. All of these options can be further randomized.
I'm going to use this as an excuse to post a signed Bitcoin message, so that in case I switch accounts - which is highly likely - I can prove my identity to you in the future.
I've updated my [HN profile]( with this info. It's highly likely that I will not keep either of these accounts.
`I am Anonobread, on Reddit`
Signed by Bitcoin address `12pUDpkkorzR2aouMkdCsugkPAXLR3BZXq`.
Signature: `HBxfuewhMDEgJoWPVNtMOvzO8xv+d1M7Fr+CaOKbuid7JlALnkvkVjoc2Pzd3+YtmToSSqYOLOoStidoca8r0wI=`
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:17:14
The entirety of your response is fallacious. Let me break it down for you:
On the one hand, you keep repeating the fallacy that major Bitcoin infrastructure can be replaced practically overnight with Ethereum's infrastructure while simultaneously denying that a Segwit upgrade which is far FAR more simple can work the same way. And I never said Segwit is a cinch: that's just what YOU said about doing something with far greater complexity.


That's inconsequential, a Red Herring even - end users adopt Segwit by upgrading their preferred *wallet* software to the latest version or by relying on infrastructure providers who have done similar - these are BTW the *same* infrastructure providers you've claimed can switch to Ethereum in a matter of days.
You go on to hint that altcoins would be adopted by infrastructure providers more readily than Segwit under the exact conditions that would necessitate a throughput capacity increase such as that provided by Segwit! Gee, you're clearly being totally impartial and transparent on this matter.


Says the guy who claims to have 100 ETH as an investment. That's what, $100 worth at pre-bubble prices? Color me skeptical.
@_date: 2016-01-17 07:28:07


You've just made a statement that could be repeated *word for word* at a block size of 1GB and 10GB. Where do you draw the line?
Here's what the team behind btcd found as they [tested 32MB blocks](
1. a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
2. a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
3. a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
IOW, at 32MB blocks, and given today's hardware, you'd need a high performance compute cluster to run a full node. Wow, that's quite a bit of a departure from how Bitcoin works today, don't you think?
Sadly, we get no more than 300tps out of that. We wreck decentralization **for 300 tps**. That's a far cry from VISA, and it solves no long standing problems in Bitcoin.
Now, we all intuitively understand the block size must be increased to make sure everyone can get access to Bitcoin, but we can't offer block size increases as a general solution because it's just so damn inefficient.
Instead, solutions that yield ∞ tps while just barely impacting the blockchain are actually sustainable and need to be done.
@_date: 2016-01-21 07:42:37
Umm 1.6 / 2.0
@_date: 2016-01-20 16:41:32


Which is why you're asking for BIP101 still, right? Oh wait, you're asking for 2MB which is roughly comparable to the amount Core is proposing. What you want to do is *fire them*. Don't even pretend like this is about what your technical demands are in the short term, because we've met and exceeded those demands, and not only this but the opposition doesn't even have the developer talent to do what we're doing.
And there's infinite demand for free distributed database storage. But what people *demand* and what the world can give them *are different*.
@_date: 2016-01-22 18:35:33


I can't imagine any IETF protocol discussion including rhetoric like this.


... elaborate
@_date: 2016-01-23 01:16:25
The $0.01 market price analogy isn't perfectly fair, but it's certainly more accurate than comparing it to today's $400 price. Remember, we need **500MB** blocks just to get to 10% of VISA's currency capacity. That's 500X more than what we're at now. Imagine the market price jumps from $1.00 to $500. That's how much difference we need before we're even to 10% of VISA.


Not really, I just told you $0.01 to $0.02 is "double" but it's also insignificant. Same as $0.02 to $0.04, or $1.00 to $2.00. It really all depends.


As I've explained, this is like jumping from $1.00 market price to $2.00 market price. Important? Maybe. Does it change the situation? Not really, no.
@_date: 2016-01-29 01:49:09
What is *so wrong* with 1.6MB through Segwit then Lightning that makes you think it's worth hard forking the network over?
Let me just clarify this: the developers of Bitcoin Core and many others - and probably you yourself - *know* that isn't truly why you want to hard fork.
This is Adam's point. *Stop bullshitting us*. You disagree with the smallblockist vision, that's why you want to fire everyone but devs who share your vision.
Where is the EVIDENCE of Bitcoin failing to live up to its goals today? How could anyone look at temporary congestion until Segwit comes through as anything but a first world problem? You're telling us we're hemorraghing cash here? It's *unbelievable*.
To top it all off, Mike Hearn in his [farewell address]( said quote:


This flies in the face of what Bitcoin is to many of us, and we just so happen to believe - with the ongoing failings of inflationary politically managed centralized currency - that BTC could become a full blown global reserve currency. The fact is, you DO jeopardize that future by clearcutting nodes with gigablocks in the misguided pursuit of creating a zero fee environment that benefits Corporations in the short term. You *especially* jeopardize that future by forcing through a REGIME change that is utterly devoid of technical merits.
@_date: 2016-01-19 04:24:54
Peter Rizun should never have listed his name as a "core developer" of Bitcoin. Classic gets more *sickeningly* perverse by the hour it seems.
@_date: 2016-01-26 00:31:28
You're right - low-info Youtube commentators would be a much better start
@_date: 2016-01-26 03:51:53


Yes you did - you said quote "*Nobody is speaking about gigablocks right now. But in a few decades future your cell phone will probably able to handle them without a problem.*"
Are you aware Agner Fog believes Moore's Law has now [hit the roof]( "More of the same" simply isn't working anymore. We're hitting the *physical limits* of the size of an atom and the speed of light. We need *spectacular breakthroughs* that are simply not on the immediate horizon to make major technological progress from here on out.
It would be one thing to be hopeful about those technological breakthroughs taking place, but it's quite a different story to bet the farm on it happening within the next twenty years.
In addition, so long as we both admit we're speculating on fanciful scenarios like Bitcoin being around in 1996 for example, let's say we had 64kb blocks on the main chain in 96, but we also had Lightning, sidechains and Open Transactions fully developed and launched at the same time - providing people a nice middle ground, while centralized exchanges were highly liquid. I'm not saying it would be a guaranteed success, but as a highly liquid, portable and global digital bearer instrument it would do perfectly fine on the markets.
@_date: 2016-03-14 23:07:48


I think you need to read [this article](
@_date: 2016-01-25 11:48:47
My posts are instantly downvoted by bots the moment I make them.
That's for you. In retrospect, CSS fixes and delaying vote visibility would've been the most helpful aspect, but there is still certainly something going on here. I think you underestimate the moneyed interests at play. Blockstream is only the most obvious, which makes it great for idiots to latch onto...
@_date: 2016-06-04 07:48:14
No that's not true. IIRC, people on were shouting til they were blue in the face that the price would never increase past $300 without a block size increase. Then it wouldn't increase past $400 without a block size increase. And when it blew past both of those, "oh, the price would actually be $120,000 right now if not for Greg Maxwell duh" - they just keep moving the goal posts and revising history over and over again
oh and don't forget this "whole time", all they've ever wanted was 2MB and lightning! That's just utterly priceless.
@_date: 2016-06-03 18:58:22
Brian Armstrong said, [quote](


Wow, could've fooled me! In fact, he DID fool me. I was under the impression they were holding 1.5 MILLION bitcoins, and I generally don't believe a damn thing anyone tells me. I figured, why would he lie?
Come to find out, Coinbase had only 50,000 BTC this whole time?!
Yet they were telling people they had **10% of all bitcoin**, and that's a direct quote! I feel like a dick for telling people previously they had 1.5M bitcoins, and Brian Armstrong should feel like a dick for hedging his language such that a reader unversed in his sophistry would come off with the distinct impression that his company is holding two orders of magnitude more bitcoin more than they actually are.
The real pertinent question now is how much ETH are they holding, because chances are very high they hold more ETH than BTC. It's no wonder they think the [BluBlocker of cryptocurrency]( is "the future".
@_date: 2016-06-04 06:40:15
Wut? Just *how far* up your arse did you lock it away
@_date: 2016-06-06 20:59:38
They also have a knack for using the capital letter "X" in their software, which is the Bitcoin equivalent of slapping a "Type R" sticker on a junky Honda
@_date: 2016-06-04 06:37:47
But come on, you knew it wasn't the last we'd hear from him. He'll always be there, all up in yer Xcode.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:36:50
The amount of an asset "in circulation" is the amount of that asset readily liquidable for goods and services.
Importantly, you can temporarily remove bitcoins *from circulation* with a **timelock**. In addition, you can permanently remove bitcoins *from circulation* by **losing them** or **burning them**. Those are the only ways I'm aware of to remove bitcoins *from circulation*.
"Due to its high value, most gold discovered throughout history is still in circulation. However, it is thought that 80% of the world’s gold is still in the ground."
See, if a miner discovers 50 bitcoin, it's no longer "in the ground" - it's *in circulation*.
@_date: 2016-01-19 01:17:42
Faith in humanity: [13.61%]( restored
@_date: 2016-06-04 17:38:42
I love how it ends: "This debate is likely to heat up more over time"
It may be one of the most important back and forths with Gavin Andresen in Bitcoin's history.
@_date: 2016-01-26 00:00:23


The point is it's *futile*. Imagine we do a 32MB block size bump to appease the idiot masses, then we get 200M more users. And thanks to the negative nancies, they'll all be under the impression that txs are free and if they're not free Bitcoin dies. I welcome you back to square one.


Buddy, it's going to happen under ANY massive adoption scenario of Bitcoin unless you agree to put the entire network on a BIS-owned server rack in Basel. Maybe there will be 11 nodes for the entire world all owned by big banks. At that point Bitcoin is a permissioned ledger.
Hence if we make the fee market work today, which mass adoption would directly lead to, it proves Bitcoin can handle mass adoption. If we try and fail, we can do whatever naive bullshit Mike Hearn recommended. But if we *never* try, we have a big fat question mark haunting us still - and in the meantime we've just made the network less decentralized by further clawing away full nodes from ordinary users.
@_date: 2016-06-03 20:40:44
The amount of an asset "in circulation" is the amount of that asset readily liquidable for goods and services. Here's a [solid layman's definition](


IOW, when a miner discovers 50 BTC, that BTC is no longer "in the ground": it's **in circulation**.
Now, you can lose BTC, or timelock the BTC, or burn the BTC, but you can't take that BTC "out of circulation" in any other way.


Fine, call it 12 million in circulation. 8% of 12M is 960,000. Coinbase is holding 50,000. Hence when Brian Armstrong stated confidently that his company was holding 10% of all BTC in circulation, that was much more than a little white lie. He was off by multiple orders of magnitude.
@_date: 2016-06-03 20:28:57
Total BTC in circulation today is 15.616M. 8% of that is 1,249,280 BTC. In reality Coinbase has something like 50,000 BTC. Do you notice a difference between the perception Armstrong tried to create and the reality?
@_date: 2016-02-28 18:21:33


In practice, libsecp256k1 cuts blockchain sync times down by half.


Are you doing that optimization yourself or funding it?


You and I apparently don't share the same definition of "peer to peer electronic cash system". Are you sure you're not confusing popularity with P2P? For example, BitTorrent is both popular *and* P2P - you don't need a 10-machine cluster in a datacenter to participate in a BT swarm as a full on peer. BT isn't majority owned by Corporations. The people who think you can just shove Bitcoin into the cloud at no expense are like people who think you could do the same with BT - let's just have RIAA run all the BT clients. Everyone else can download free lightweight clients and be happy! Surely there's a difference between the two models, hint: the RIAA BT example isn't P2P because they own the core of the BT network in datacenters.


Your conclusion is speculative and premature. For all we know, people aren't "fleeing" so much as they're recognizing they're in Bitcoin to get rich quick, and it's truly easier to get rich quick by taking a $1,000,000 market cap altcoin to $10,000,000 market cap, than taking Bitcoin's $6B market cap to $12B. I can't say I blame them. But I also think it's grossly disingenuous to act like people are "fleeing" to alts for their "capacity" when the  reason they're investing in those coins is to resell for profit. You need 0 tps for that use case, but advertising the altcoin as having 1B tps could help sell product.
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:05:54
Welcome to Reddit! Your throwaway account is 2 days old. You just called Bitcoin "Myspace".
says we get about 30 of you buggers every single day.
Sorry, but with the recent uptick in dedicated Ethereum promotions on this subreddit, timed with a massive market pump, I'm going to say your concern trolling is not a coincidence. It can't hurt to be skeptical on the internet!
@_date: 2016-02-17 19:26:41
When's the last time anyone thought to crack open their 401k to buy coffee? No one does that. But that's what BTC cold storage is. The blockchain isn't a credit card company - you go on LN or sidechains or voting pools for that.
BitGo or GreenAddress multisig security is the real driver of multisig on chain. Secure BTC storage is more popular than BTC spending by at least an order of magnitude.
Some people thought it would be a good idea to use multisig for refundable daily txs. They've AFAIK considered that there would be no demand for spending from a 401k, and drwasho has said he supports [2-of-3 multisig on Lightning]( if that works better.
Or if you insist on doing 2-of-3 on a blockchain, a merge-mined sidechain could be built for that purpose. People can trustlessly xfer $3000 there and it'll be reasonable enough for daily txs and shopping.
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:54:11


That's just empty partisan pandering. No one on either side of this debate is "against" doing both.
But there are *physical limits* that, when crossed, force 100% of full nodes into datacenters where they'll be run if not entirely than nearly unanimously by Corporations like Coinbase. Good gravy, how many times do I have to post these DIRECT QUOTES from Gavin Andresen before you people realize this?
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


Can you see that it's rather futile to have Lightning if we cross that line and turn Bitcoin into a centralized DatacenterCoin? What the fuck is the point of that? It's like shooting someone at point blank with a gun and then tossing a dish towel on his bloody corpse like "clean up that mess, you're bleeding".
@_date: 2016-02-27 01:07:30
Then set bandwidth limits on the node with blocksonly. There's your solution for home users.
@_date: 2016-02-26 23:07:42
FYI: 64MB blocks is the absolute technical maximum that can be processed on a desktop PC today. It gets you a "whopping" 600 tps, which isn't even close to half of what VISA does on average every single day. When you consider VISA has a 56,000 tps burst capacity, and that this 600 tps figure is a theoretical best case, the numbers get even drearier.
And don't even pretend like these big block people want to stop at VISA - which by itself is impossible to achieve without turning over 100% of full nodes to compute clusters running in datacenters.
This has little to do with what contraption miners use to efficiently relay blocks with other miners.
@_date: 2016-02-13 01:44:02
I agree with the split part being particularly overblown, but let's not forget it was analogy. The most substantive part is this: "Classic has a doubling of the block size, but rejects an upcoming proposal which would have the same effect, resulting in it being incompatible with no tangible benefit whatsoever"
I'm not sure why people seem to think adding 3 tps out of VISA's 56,000 tps is going to change anything or why we wouldn't do Segwit instead. If you wanted to really upset Core, hard fork Segwit into btcd and get miners to adopt btcd because that's a completely different ecosystem with its own technical merits. Just forking the chain to preclude soft fork Segwit that accomplishes at least 80% of the throughput gains while delivering a multitude of other scaling benefits, is tomfoolery.
@_date: 2016-02-02 04:05:12
RemindMe! 2 Years "Hello from Hate Week 2016"
@_date: 2016-02-10 02:27:25
What do you mean there's no *market*? We can't have a 50/50 split between 1MB chain and a 1.0000001MB chain. Are you suggesting a dynamic solution like BitPay's be adopted? What exactly do you suggest is wrong, and how do we fix it?
@_date: 2016-02-10 10:18:58
You might be interested in this source document by the National Intelligence Council, [Global Trends 2030](










Analysis: 
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:54:10
First, if you have $100k in BTC cold storage, it's basically a 401k to you, *not a credit card*. High value cold storage doesn't function like VISA and shouldn't have to. No one spends their 401k on coffee.
It's absurd to pretend as if the Bitcoin equivalent of a 401k should act like a credit card company or PayPal.
In addition, the demand for saving a disinflationary bearer asset overwhelmingly outweighs demand for spending that asset. It's incredibly predictable. Economics 101 even.
Hence, it's absurd to pretend like we should optimize around Bitcoin as a payment paradigm, instead of working from the reality where Bitcoin is a saver's paradise that happens to have payment applications built on top.
You want to spend BTC? OK, jump through some hoops. Maybe that hoop is pressing a button in your wallet to xfer $300 to a sidechain for daily spending. Maybe it's transferring $3000 to a Lightning payment hub. Who gives af? *Saving* is the main event. Spending BTC is the sideshow.


That's just you projecting your beliefs onto others. I'm telling you it's absurd to treat cold storage not like a 401k, because nobody spends their 401k on coffee. You have specialized apps for that, and if there's a cost to doing it that way, no one cares because nobody spends the bulk of their BTC on anything, ever.
@_date: 2016-02-14 01:33:36


Meni has undertaken a great deal of effort to explain to you here, why in no uncertain terms he feels the way he does on this matter. Inserting *Blockstream* into the middle of this is tantamount to twisting the knife.
@_date: 2016-02-09 02:54:05


@_date: 2016-02-17 19:54:07
The DNS provider comparison was meant to point out some aspects of the internet go unseen, and so do many aspects of cash. But if we're going to have something work invisibly, let's have merge-mined sidechains be that thing that works invisibly. That is, if people aren't going to care and want to trust Corporations with all the validation and syncing, then great - let's put them on a sidechain and have Corporations manage the sidechains behind the scenes.
And of course Bitcoin users complaining of a $0.10 fee backlog don't matter. The rest of us can bump our tx fee to $0.25 and get a fast confirmation. But for ants, who actually suffers from a $0.10 fee backlog?
The [performance test data]( shows raising and re-raising the block size limit hits a wall unless you're willing to do 100% of blockchain validation in compute clusters. Today, it would take a 10-machine cluster and gobs of bandwidth to hit 3000 tps out of VISA's peak 56,000 tps. This would mean 100% of full nodes are on remote servers in datacenters.
People who point out how that form of scaling constitutes "decentralization" are confusing popularity with decentralization. BitTorrent is popular *and* decentralized. You don't need a 10-machine compute cluster to run a full-blown BT client, but that could easily be the case with Bitcoin under bloated scaling plans. It's no surprise the creator of BitTorrent is firmly against BIP101.
I agree with you that Google Fiber and hardware improvements are promising, but Moore's Law is now [stalling out](


If you actually favor decentralization, giving ordinary people the tools to validate and operate full nodes, it would be on the aggressive side to assume the hardware improvements will make that possible in the short term.


Right, and I agree - but 3MB is 9 tps. VISA does 56,000 tps. You're not even to 1% of VISA at 3MB, so *of course* you're not on enterprise server racks by then. But it's very clear 300MB blocks would put you on enterprise server racks at least with today's technology.


Even if the blockchain tx fee is $15, that's comparable to a cashier's check. AFAIK large orgs aren't the only ones who use cashier's checks. Conversely, large orgs are the only ones who would afford 10-machine clusters in datacenters. It would be Blockcypher, Bitpay, Coinbase, evoorhees, people like that. The rest of us would have to just "trust them".
@_date: 2016-02-24 18:21:33
Wikileaks would accept coins pegged 1:1 with BTC on a sidechain, or they'd have a DNM Lightning account.
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:22:59
[That's news to me]( Shove your doom and gloom.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:30:04


Privacy would be the primary reason. If you want to monitor your address balances in total privacy, there's no way around it: you need a full node.
Just because you don't care about other people's right to *having access to financial privacy* doesn't mean people like you should "vote" to take it away from everyone and future generations. The negative externalities of bloat are felt by all for years to come, and though you certainly act like it's true, no one who saves any significant amount of value in BTC is doing it to pay for services on Fiverr.
And say you wanted to do that really badly. Great, how about you download a Lighting-enabled wallet and float a $300 balance there? How about sidechains? Voting pools?


Changetip? Coinbase?
@_date: 2016-02-02 16:17:57


you just admitted the need for Lightning and sidechains, *and* you outright admitted that quote "**the classic-2mb-now-approach is not sustainable**".
Please do explain how you can possibly reconcile this view with your intent to fire the core team.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:14:29


**Tor doesn't protect you from a global adversary**




IOW, if you think you can make a remote network connection to a dwindling number of remote Bitcoin servers without tipping off your hand to a global passive adversary, you're simply mistaken. And FYI: the trend is to give your friendly neighborhood tax authorities access to the spied on data. Remember how Ross Ulbricht's google searches were entered as evidence? Yeah, they're going to do that to tax evaders. Good luck defeating the NSA with Tor even with the Tor development team expressly warning you not to do that.
No-nonsense privacy solutions are here to stay, and it's fucked in the head to give that option to large Corporations while taking it away from the rest of us. I don't want an approximation of privacy, I want 100% privacy, and that calls for a full node.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:51:28


How would you feel if you had to own quote "big iron" to make that happen? How would you feel if only Bitpay, Coinbase, evoorhees, people like that could run full nodes? The rest of us would have SPV and no other option.
And how would you feel if you had to contract with a Corporation like Blockcypher to run ANY Bitcoin service whatsoever? Let's pretend that it's free and there's no model for charging for CPU cycles involved. Are you saying you see no difference between today, where you can easily opt to run those services on a home desktop PC, and a world where only Corporations run those services? Imagine what happens if you couldn't run a full node at home, *no matter what*.


Thanks, and I have. But this logic that, **because** users don't care, we can bloat the ever loving piss out of the main blockchain and trust Corporations to run it on enterprise server racks, is self-refuting. Because if you're going to argue users don't care about technical details, I'm going to point out how Lightning wallets, sidechains wallets, and OT wallets will abstract those details away. And since you stated you're ok trusting a bank to manage all those details, Changetip and Coinbase will also work.
@_date: 2016-02-15 07:10:45
Here's the gist of the same thing I've already repeated to you twice: a $0.10 fee backlog is a non-issue. But a $5.00 tx fee backlog is an entirely different story. A $5.00 fee backlog isn't even remotely close to the reality today.


Pray tell, which altcoin do you think has scalability "solved".


You're putting words into my mouth now. No one has ever claimed 1MB blocks are the end all be all. For the last time, a $0.10 fee backlog is maybe a problem for **ants**, but it isn't a problem for real Bitcoin users.


Even under the most aggressive scaling plan imaginable you can't guarantee demand for block space doesn't exceed supply. And seeing as you're advocating for a 2MB bump, you really don't have a solution to miners playing games with tx priority, which itself is a non-issue next to turning over 100% of full nodes to Corporations in datacenters.


This is a plainly self-refuting statement. Full nodes are only "annoying" to the extent CPU, disk and network usage is aggravated by big blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-29 21:09:09
And I'm equally perplexed by all these people who think sidechains or voting pools or Coinbase-like constructs couldnt't work for the "other six billion". It's notable Hal Finney [preferred Bitcoin banks]( take over the role of handling daily txs as opposed to gigablock scaling in datacenters:








And with Coinbase owning 10% of all BTC in circulation, you'd think in a Bitcoin-powered future they'd have the ability to issue little slips of paper, Bitcoin IOUs, as Finney envisioned. Cash backed by BTC could become useful for day-to-day txs, and most people would never need more than a few thousand dollars worth of this BTC-backed cash to get by.
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:06:17
IMO this is the entire argument of bigblocks, and it's gut wrenching that it's taken some 18 months for the other side to even begin to accept the logical conclusion of their beliefs.
This is the bigblock argument as best as I understand it:
"If Bitcoin doesn't go into datacenters to keep blockchain tx fees near zero forever, some other altcoin will do that and no one will care if 100% of their nodes are in datacenters"
Honestly, it's probably true, but I look at a future where all Bitcoin nodes are in datacenters controlled by Corporations and just think it's a dystopia since probably the only real reason we're doing that is to support blockchain 2.0 txs "omg fidelity effect" - which is basically let's take IOUs and tag them and track them on a blockchain. Think RFID².
Basically the argument is we should grow as big as possible, with no regard to the societal cost. Fun fact, Greg Maxwell has [outright predicted this](


I just beg of people to remember Satoshi didn't know about sidechains, LN, voting pools. And if we're just willing to say RFID² can happen on a sidechain, we can protect user freedom to validate and own the core BTC unit as a decentralized digital gold for probably all of time. Or we can succomb to the FUD, because "muh coffee" or "altcoins duh".
@_date: 2016-02-26 23:31:29
And *around the merry-go-round we go*.
Look, you've just admitted blocksonly mode is more efficient for ordinary full node users. Check.
You also know by now that Matt's relay network, although "centralized", is more efficient than thin blocks for miners - and that miners *already* use it.
Whatever "revolution" you see in thin blocks, I seem to be missing it completely.
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:40:39
I've seen one poster in particular *full-time* slandering Greg Maxwell and Adam Back. All this particular poster seems to do is incite flamewars, and rile up the ignorant mobs by spreading trash and hate. The more active figures on the other side who aren't denouncing that have lost all credibility.
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:45:56


What's your solution then, Bitcoin Unlimited? Don't make me laugh.
@_date: 2016-02-29 20:20:30
In a world where hundreds of thousands of tps is done on the main Bitcoin blockchain, the core of the entire Bitcoin network would be necessarily owned by heavily regulated banks and Corporations. It wouldn't matter what individuals think about node policies, because individuals **literally** couldn't afford running the nodes. Perhaps not even in datacenters!
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


And worse, in such a dystopic world, only the wealthy *owners* of the datacenters could make truly private Bitcoin txs. The rest of us would be stuck using shitty SPV wallets.


If you're going to complain, offer up your solution. Tell us how you're going to ensure a tx backlog **never forms**, on a forever basis. Tell us how you're going to ensure fees never rise past $0.20 and that a backlog never forms.
@_date: 2016-02-29 21:51:30


Oh, you have a crystal ball. Can you also tell me what you think the price is going to be over the next five years (or more)?
This is absurd. News flash: no one can control the public's demand for BTC. Unfortunately it's critical for people to take sides on this, because in the event demand for block space exceeds supply, it's all but certain that the *same people* who see zero issue putting 100% of nodes into datacenters today will see zero issue putting 100% of nodes into datacenters tomorrow. Even moreso if they have reason to believe billions of people stand to adopt Bitcoin. Can you imagine the pressure newbies would be putting on the developers if that were the case?
@_date: 2016-02-18 21:52:35


Tor only works for TCP streams. For example, Tor [can't protect your anonymity when torrenting files]( This is highly relevant for OB since its marketplace listings are persisted over a DHT.
Since Tor doesn't support UDP connections, it isn't clear how OB could work with Tor. To the extent it can be made to work without UDP, it will just end up being rewritten from scratch. To the extent DNM vendors can play risky games to make it work with convuluted anonymous VPNs and hosting, none of those hosting providers are going to willingly support DNM use cases as their TOS calls out illegal items specifically and in 100% of cases.
And let's be honest: to the extent OB can be rewritten with Tor usage in mind, and by the look of OB's current codebase, you're going to be better off rewriting the entire thing over again from scratch. Maybe someone can make it work over I2P, but then you don't have something that works with Tor browser which is a whole 'nother barrier to adoption even in a DNM context
TLDR; Yes. It truly *does* matter if your application isn't designed for Tor.


Edward Snowden recommends Tor browser, and he isn't saying that for no reason. Tor is *far superior* to any VPN. Tor is free. Tor is [easy]( Tor provides clearly superior anonymity through onion routing. And whatever security concerns you might have with Tor can be significantly mitigated by disabling javascript and only browsing HTTPS sites, easy as pie.
For all but the most specific use cases that aren't supported by Tor, Tor is vastly, *vastly* superior.
I have to say, the people who forego the use of Tor, instead rationalizing that it's somehow better to pay out for a VPN service are just *wrong*. Please don't use a VPN. Tor is cost-free and superior to a VPN virtually all of the time unless you have a very specific use case in mind that Tor doesn't work with. For everything else Tor is simply *better*.


I'm sure some vendors with a very high tolerance for risk will push the easy button, but it still isn't clear how buyers would buy from those vendors anonymously considering the marketplace listings can't be accessed over Tor. AFAIK the best you can do without rewriting OB's codebase is to proxy marketplace listings from an unscrupulous hosting provider.


Maybe it can work over I2P. Good luck with that. Enterprising DNM entrepreneurs are just going to wait and see, and then rewrite.
@_date: 2016-02-29 00:46:05


I'm not sure if by "dig" it up you're implying I had to go looking. If so, perhaps *you* should go looking - through my posting history!  Because without any exaggeration, I post that study and other direct factual quotes dozens of times per week. Recently it even seems to be having an effect.


And? Quad core i7 PCs from 2014 are virtually identical in performance to 2016 quad cores i7s. Moore's Law is sputtering out as we speak.


btcd performs very comparably to core. Anecdotally, I'd be shocked if btcd were something as high as 100% slower, because the two nodes sync at roughly the same rate without using secp256k1. With secp256k1 in core, syncing times are cut in half.
Even if you think the info posted is "unfair", the fact is we can't even come close to *half* of what VISA does daily on average without obliterating 100% of desktop full nodes. And there are plenty of - I might say delusional - people who think the blockchain should scale far beyond VISA to settling stocks etc. For that you'd need *hundreds of thousands* of tps.
Your node is *dead* if it processes 1 block per 10 minutes, and that happens pretty far south of 100MB blocks and that's if we hand waive away the bandwidth constraints. The situation is quite dire.
@_date: 2016-02-10 20:09:08


Thanks? A cashier's check is $10. An international wire transfer fee is upwards of $35. Having a disinflationary civil asset forfeiture proof store of wealth, easily concealable and instantly portable anywhere there's an internet connection IS WORTH THE PRICE.
@_date: 2016-02-25 21:44:20
You missed the poster's point. He suggests the days of yore where large Bitcoin payment processors were showing promising signs of exponential growth is over, and that this proves Bitcoin is valued more widely as digital gold than a Chuck-E-Cheeze token for shuttling government scrip around the internet.
He appears entirely correct about that, but I disagree with his conclusion that growth of the Bitcoin userbase hinges upon the Chuck-E-Cheeze crap.
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:49:40
JFC guy. You're permeating the stench of an Ethereum investor just looking to influence the largest share of potential investors for your own profit. Your posts are leaning overly strongly on blockchain 2.0 products, and you clearly give no fucks about making Bitcoin look good right about now.
Blockchain 2.0 features have NEVER been important drivers of Bitcoin adoption. Ironically, outside of attracting investment capital from people sold on the idea of blockchain 2.0, nobody has done anything of importance nor established a userbase of more than about ten deep based on a blockchain 2.0 feature.
You'll note most ETH trading volume is denominated in BTC. And that's all you have to know about the incentives. Cashing in and cashing out is what these investors are about, and Bitcoin is about that too - it's just that the competitors know this is an angle to attack for profit. Cryptocurrency is getting *so interesting* these days.
Liquidity limits your volatility and risk, as you're aware - which is ultimately more important for a PEER TO PEER ELECTRONIC CASH SYSTEM than any would-be blockchain 2.0 thingymabbobber.
Over the years, and thanks to Bitcoin adopting what works and throwing out what doesn't, it will become increasingly obvious that what "blockchain 2.0" features are important, are covered with Bitcoin and that the importance of currency liquidity and network effect will matter much, much more.
Because most people including yourself surely are in cryptocurrency if not entirely than almost entirely for the money and profit taking. It's hard enough getting people to invest in Bitcoin, let alone an altcoin: that is after all why you're pumping Ethereum on In closing, people too often build mountains out of molehills when doing so allows them to profit. No one can say whether a $0.10 fee backlog jeopardizes anything until it does, but we're already doing Segwit with 80% of the benefit of a 2MB hard fork, so this gives a competitor at most a matter of months to make any "major moves" on liquidity. Judging by the recent uptick in relentless Ethereum promotion I'm sure the people who own 100k-1M ETH - now valued at more than $500,000 will be doing exactly that.
Now Ethereum has maybe a couple hundred thousand investors and out of those not many will have a seriously large position, so don't think I'm talking about the small fries. I'm just pointing out $500k is a small fortune for a lot of folks, and I'll bet my left nut some of those same folks are seeing dollar signs about now kicking Bitcoin while it's down. If anything, the element of ulterior profit seeking has been the most infuriating aspect of the recent block size debate.
To put it in perspective the people who invested $30,000 USD into ETH at pre-sale are now sitting at $500,000 in profit - hence this matter has become *very* serious for some people. It's beginning to really show, and I'd be shocked if this type of altcoin investor weren't highly overrepresented on @_date: 2016-02-14 01:45:54
did he just
@_date: 2016-02-23 01:56:21
Really, let's imagine we bump to 64MB now. This turns out to be the absolute [maximum block size possible to process on desktop PCs today]( We also know [Moore's Law]( is [dying out](


So I'd rate it very unlikely for things to be any different over the short term. You'll note 64MB blocks is double what the btcd team noted of 32MB blocks, this is because secp256k1 roughly halves blockchain sync times.
Now, 64MB blocks get you 600 tps - ok? That's really not a lot. In fact it's less than 25% of VISA's daily average throughput. FYI: VISA has a 56,000 tps burst capacity so even if we go out on a limb and say this is 100% of VISA's daily average tps, we *still* have to listen to Mike Hearn and his "capacity cliff".
The bad news is, at the price of killing desktop PC nodes completely, you're not even able to service more than a niche following.
The good news is, THIS APPLIES TO ALTCOINS TOO. The only altcoins able to do anything differently are forced, due to the state of technology, to make if not the SAME tradeoff, then tradeoffs with drastic, unknowable repercussions on security and decentralization. To argue otherwise is to argue people won't care whatsoever if 100% of this Altcoin's nodes are in remote datacenters. If you're not arguing that, you're arguing Proof of Stake whilst simultaneously condemning "Blockstream's Evil Experiment".
Fidelity Effect? It's still crushed. And we've just killed all the desktop nodes.
This is the turning point, where you realize 25% of VISA's daily average obviously isn't going to service the world - nor can it. You have to go FURTHER THAN THIS to achieve a global adoption result. This has always been the story behind BTC's speculative value: are we going to take over the world, or aren't we? Or is it some other altcoin?
Yet 600 tps doesn't get us there, so you have to face this question for yourself.
What *I'm* willing to say, is basically wait a minute - if we're going to go and eliminate all the nodes on desktop, and we're going to drive everything to datacenters where nobody can really "own" them short of the remote, big Corporate owners of the actual hardware - then how about we make a different but similar tradeoff where those same Corporations do their worst on a sidechain? The sidechain is an ephemeral, Corporate-friendly structure for everything there is to do with a blockchain.
If you argue users don't care about nodes or validation and just want cheap and plentiful txs, then we can achieve this on a sidechain very easily. We can throw all kinds of things there that will never be a good fit for the main blockchain: Zcash, Ethereum, you name it - it can be put on a sidechain with very reasonable security and decentralization tradeoffs.
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"


If this is what Gavin thought bigblocks would look like in 2011, what's changed? If anything, Agner Fog's remarks and the remarks of the semiconductor industry would **cement further** this large block datacenter fate.
To my eyes, it's abundantly clear bloat-intensive scaling plans put 100% of fully validating Bitcoin nodes in datacenters. I'm not saying it can't work. I'm just saying if we're going to make that tradeoff, let's recognize why people actually value the BTC unit fundamentally, and make smarter tradeoffs.
@_date: 2016-02-25 02:10:40
All else equal, sure, you want to avoid a fee market. Just like you want a perpetual motion machine. Unless you're willing to take *drastic measures*, including putting 100% of Bitcoin full nodes in datacenters owned by Corporations, it's utterly impossible to avoid a fee market in the long run. This is a pure and simple [fact](






A $0.10 fee backlog is small potatoes in the scheme of Bitcoin's success. It may not be "good", but technology doesn't exactly leave us any better options after a while. In the meantime, you can bump your fee to $0.25, which is still very competitive with online payment systems, which Bitcoin itself is NOT. BTC is gold, while Coinbase and Lightning are E-Gold. We have to be sure to compare apples to apples.


Individuals are incented to exploit communal resources, like the blockchain, without paying for them. Negative externalities mean that if no action is taken to counteract it, the communal resources are increasingly degraded which is a cost felt by everyone equally, but contributed to unequally. Satoshi's original rationale behind the fee was to avoid the risk of DoSing the network with big blocks, and there will surely come a day when the userbase "demands" blocks larger than can be reasonably supplied in a decentralized manner.
For example, what would you do if you bump to 64MB blocks and 500M+ people adopt Bitcoin? Looks like you've got yourself an "artificial fee market" there! That's quite a problem, with an easy solution right? It's called DatacenterCoin, and it's a bad Plan A but a decent Plan B.
@_date: 2016-02-24 15:11:32


What makes you think BTC has no value if you need to jump through some hoops, like downloading a sidechains app to do colored coins? God forbid you need to click "Deposit $300" and wait a few hours to initialize your Venmo for Lightning balance in your wallet.


How does Bitcoin lose its "industrial use cases" if the main chain is for high value txs and sidechains, LN, voting pools etc are for low value txs?
@_date: 2016-02-24 15:28:30
$0.10 for a 90 minute or less confirmation seems reasonable to me.
@_date: 2016-02-15 15:48:11
For context, VISA does 56,000 tps. A bump to 2MB brings Bitcoin from 3 tps out of VISA's 56,000, to **6/56000**. I'm not sure what "pile up" you expect to avert by a mere bump from 3/56000 to 6/56000, but if we're going through massive waves of adoption in the next four months due to a stock market crash, little if anything can be done about it.
And when it comes to scalability, Ethereum is even worse off than Bitcoin. That's what you get for designing your whole platform around "X but on a blockchain", key phrase **on a blockchain**. Think about Augur's scalability. How is Augur supposed to happen off chain? It can't really happen like that, and here's the kicker: even if it *could* happen off-chain, the same system would work better on Bitcoin.
This is because liquidity and network effect are everything there is to know about cryptocurrency for investors, and if indeed off-chain solutions like OT, sidechains and Lightning are the next evolution, guess what? Bitcoin wins by default yet again.


No, VISA does 56000 tps. Bitcoin isn't even handling 3 tps on average. By comparison, Bitcoin itself is but an anthill. This is the reality, perhaps you should step into it.
@_date: 2016-02-26 22:59:55
Running Core 0.12 in `blocksonly` mode results in an 88% reduction in bandwidth which is even more efficient than thin blocks. But I wouldn't call `blocksonly` mode a "game changer", so how can thin blocks which result in even less of a bandwidth savings possibly be as revolutionary as people seem to think? Who or what is "revolutionized" by thin blocks?
@_date: 2016-02-03 00:40:53


Segwit relieves short term pressure, and does so nearly as well as a full blown 2MB hard fork. After 1.6MB throughput through a soft fork, blocks won't be anywhere nearly full on average.
The difference between Segwit and a 2MB hard fork is 3 tps if you assume no wallet ever adopts Segwit, which is unrealistic.
*Three whole transactions per second* is the worst possible difference between the two plans. It's 3 tps out of VISA's 56,000 tps and we're now bickering over how close we should come to a 0.01% or even a 0.04% step towards VISA in the short term. As if that tiny sliver of a difference significantly alters Bitcoin's chances in the marketplace.


Define prohibitively expensive.
@_date: 2016-02-23 04:38:29
Bitcoin is a disinflationary, civil asset forfeiture proof, censorship resistant hard and true digital bearer instrument. The first of its kind! It happens to work over Tor as a bonus.


That you think BTC is the same as PayPal or Ripple speaks volumes about you. With comments like this, I'd be fucking flabbergasted if you ever invested more than $10k in BTC. Really - you're here for the low value payment processing? And you complain when someone pays you with PayPal?  News flash: PayPal is a low value payment processor. If that's all you actually care about, look into Lightning, sidechains, voting pools. Heck, look into Coinbase or Changetip. Whichever one of those platforms ends up taking off for payments will be what most people use in the future to conduct BTC-denominated txs. Think bigger.
Basically all of your arguments were blown out of the water six months ago, but I'm sad to see you go.
@_date: 2016-02-26 22:54:50
"He has not overlooked this fact, as Matt and Gregory are co-founders of Blockstream."
Wow, I'm so shocked to find a thread littered with juvenile commentary and Blockstream conspiracy theories on Keep up the good work guys!
@_date: 2016-02-13 07:09:38


At least you're being up front with it.
But even if we were looking at 1.0MB vs 2.0MB today - what does it even matter? 2MB gets Bitcoin to 6 tps - VISA does *56,000* tps. Each 1MB bump is a 0.01% step towards VISA.
The worst case difference between soft-fork segwit and a rushed hard fork to 2MB is a 0.01% step towards VISA, and over an insignificant time period.
Sorry to say, we just can't do much on the throughput front over the short term without [quickly]( jeopardizing decentralization.
And before you threaten the altcoin bogeyman, altcoins don't have this figured out either, including the shiny golden bubbly one. But Bitcoin, oh Bitcoin is run by the short bus and they can't work together because Mike Hearn said.... all of it is a lie. Blockchain scalability problems are shared by all cryptocurrencies, with some being even WORSE off than Bitcoin!
Wait, you guys, we have it *all* figured out - we can scale this altcoin to the moon *by putting the entire thing into datacenters*.
Gee, if only the core developers could've thought of that solution /s.
Importantly, there *is no* good scalability story in sight. It is nowhere to be found. Think blockchains scale easy? No, you're wrong. And with that, your comment here looks pretty short sighted:


OK? What is your solution if 200,000,000 new users adopt Bitcoin tomorrow. Let me guess: it involves diving head first into datacenters.
@_date: 2016-02-02 03:43:01
**Smallblockist vision of Bitcoin**
[Mission Statement](




- [Lightning](
- [Sidechains](
**Bigblockist vision of Bitcoin**
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "I think long-term the chain will not be secured purely by proof-of-work. I think when the Bitcoin network was tiny running solely on people's home computers proof-of-work was the right way to secure the chain"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "bitcoin is already more decentralised than it needs to be"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


These visions are incompatible. It's either we do all the transaction validation in datacenters, or we scale with intelligent software design.
@_date: 2016-02-14 01:14:47


What do you mean to suggest about the "bounds of the law"?


When you click to download Firefox, you're getting Firefox. But imagine that isn't possible anymore because the developers bloated it up so huge that you could only run it on high performance compute clusters:
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


Is this really not a technical question of what product is being delivered? Oh so according to "Marketing", switching out Firefox with Firefox: Datacenter Edition is a *fantastic move* because no one will even notice the difference? Bringing up politics and economics is beating around the bush. Which version of Firefox do *you* want to deliver to people? This is not a rhetorical question.
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:12:58
The NSA would certainly have your google search data at their Bluffdale, UT facility, and every new piece of "privacy" legislation being passed enables more and more inter-agency data sharing. The IRS and even local law enforcement agencies have been called out specifically as being privy to this data.
And the Ulbricht case involved more than just his emails. I don't know if they got the google searches of the purported "Silk Road Victims", i.e. drug overdose victims, from NSA or what. But it's rather naive to pretend like your remote network connections somehow *aren't* very accessible.


But you're not taking away the privacy from Corporations and rich people, you're just taking away privacy from *the rest of us*. Give Corporations and rich people the ability to do txs in total privacy, and take it away from everyone else, and you have a hell of a digital divide.
And regardless of your opinion on how criminals will get caught, the very act of running Tor could be enough to arouse suspicion in the wrong country; you could get spuriously audited which maybe wouldn't happen if you could run a node at home without using Tor.
Taking away options from the rest of us while awarding them to Corporations and rich people just doesn't sit right with me. By contrast, a $15 tx fee to move money out of the Bitcoin equivalent of a 401k account is really quite affordable to a very wide demographic. It's the price of cheap vodka.
@_date: 2016-02-14 03:40:56


Yes, but only when you assume you can run Datacenter Edition in your home, which is unrealistic on its face. To even approach 10% of VISA scale will require 320MB blocks, which is utterly unfeasible to accomplish on desktop today. And according to [Agner Fog]( and [the semiconductor industry]( there isn't much hope of things turning around over the short term:


Nowhere did I suggest Bitcoin is a "failure" if Datacenter Edition takes off, that's as silly as people saying Bitcoin is a "failure" if fees rise. Although, to be fair, if fees are rising I'm 100% confident Bitcoin's price is rising because fee markets prove utility is high enough for people to pay actual significant sums of money. Whereas cheap block space can essentially result in us whoring out Bitcoin to Corporations that want nothing more than to use the chain as an inexpensive data dumpster. Who's to say big blocks are caused by rising demand from BTC holders? Is it a guarantee that Fidelity and other Corporate types are going to hold BTC reserves if we only do their bidding resulting in extremely negative externalities for the network?
It also raises the question of what future users of cryptocurrency will want. The future users of Bitcoin are going to have perfect 20/20 hindsight and will know exactly what matters and what doesn't. For example, is Ethereum and its colorful use cases truly what matters about cryptocurrency, or is *money outside the state* truly what matters? Only time can tell.
Or could it be the case that Lightning and sidechains are the Ace up Bitcoin's sleeve and encapsulate 80% or more of Ethereum's functionality while making Bitcoin remain extremely scalable with very reasonable bandwidth, processing and storage requirements? If people turn out to mostly want Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as an unseizable store of value, avoiding Datacenter Edition could be a critical competitive advantage in the future.
You'll note both Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn have expressed doubt over BTC as a store of value, with Gavin claiming he doesn't plan to hold many as an investment while Mike Hearn claimed in his farewell address that BTC was "never meant to be an investment", whatever that means.


What is it with this interjection of "politics" everywhere? Bottom line, I can get you a Fortune 500 list and we can go straight down the list and have every one of these Corporations spin up 5 nodes. Is that decentralized enough for you? What about economic diversity? What if you think it's a bad idea to force everyone to access the blockchain by contracting with a Corporation through a proprietary API?
Clearly some kind of balance needs to be struck, and right now store of value is the  use case of Bitcoin - combined with the dwindling prospects of Moore's Law it's clear we should err on the side of decentralization.
@_date: 2016-02-28 01:51:35
Why is block latency a concern for home desktop node users? Wasn't the breakthrough of "XTREME" thin blocks supposed to be a major bandwidth savings? Blocksonly mode looks to be superior on that front, even if it causes a slight "lag" every 10 minutes for heavy gamers.
@_date: 2016-02-09 02:49:51
As someone who fights these battles constantly, it wasn't until **this month** that I've seen it dawn on some bigblockers that, in order to scale the blockchain to the levels their pundits envision will without question require giving Corporations 100% control over Bitcoin full nodes in remote datacenters. The writing has been on the wall for YEARS:
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "I think long-term the chain will not be secured purely by proof-of-work. I think when the Bitcoin network was tiny running solely on people's home computers proof-of-work was the right way to secure the chain"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "bitcoin is already more decentralised than it needs to be"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


Now, I know some people got sold on the idea of Bitcoin with "free this" and "freedom that", but *freedom isn't free* and neither is putting all the nodes onto remote server racks owned by Bitcoin banks and Corporations.
And before you say, "But I didn't vote for that either" - actually that's *exactly* what Mike Hearn and Gavin Andresen did with XT. And if that isn't what you believe, where were YOU when we were battling with XT to the bitter end?
It's easy to forget just how far this community has come, especially if you weren't the ones resisting extremely horrid scaling plans backed by an endless onslaught of misguided astroturfers.
@_date: 2016-02-29 22:23:46
Six years of price and usage data for Bitcoin isn't going to confer much of an advantage over dumb luck in future price or growth predictions. Do you suggest whatever little historical data we do have on Bitcoin over a six year period is going to accurately foretell what the next *six years* will look like in Bitcoin?
And there I was, thinking nobody could predict what Bitcoin looks like in six weeks! You must be the Oracle! Or much more likely, you're just making unsubstantiated forecasts on a house of cards basis.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:06:43


Yes, it can work like that. Current Bitcoin wallets could support Lightning by adding the functionality on top, and then you could access your Lightning account with the same words for backup you're using already.
Now, LN txs aren't going to be the exact same experience as a blockchain tx, in that some amount of strings need to be attached there - but all it has to do is work reasonably well for txs $0-$3000. For txs over $3000, even a $15 blockchain tx fee is less than a 1% fee.


But you do: through your submission to central bank inflation and meddling - which very well may come to mean "Cash is banned".
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:46:46
"Just put it in the cloud" doesn't bring you any closer to a full node at home.
If it's in the cloud, you can't reap the privacy benefit, because you're still stuck with SPV.
Now, I can see how a *lite* full node could be an acceptable tradeoff for privacy at home, but AFAIK nobody is actively developing that tech currently. It would be one thing if that were available for evaluation, but as of now either it's utter vaporware or the people developing it have been awfully quiet.
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:20:01


And yet 2MB is 6 tps. You're kicking the can with a limp wrist and nothing more than that. This post is about whether we need a fee market or not, and 6 tps with global adoption certainly results in a fee market. Heck, 1GB blocks with global adoption results in a fee market. This is why if you believe not everything should be in datacenters, you should want to see a fee market develop sooner so we can condition users to have realistic expectations ASAP.
@_date: 2016-02-09 02:30:58
It's not just you. The average fee today is less than $0.10. So let's say people are *actually* up in arms about bumping their fee from $0.10 to $0.25 to get a fast confirmation. Who but *ants* suffers for that? And does anyone outside of concern trolls actually *care*?
I mean, *talk about* first world problems. Here we have an investment product that most people *never even spend*, and when they do spend, they're using Gyft and Coinbase. So you'd think downloading a Lightning enabled wallet would be an acceptable long term solution for this user profile. But, no! You have people like Mike Hearn predicting that if a backlog of $0.10 fees forms, it will be the death of Bitcoin. Bitcoin will be squashed to death under the tremendous weight of *six entire anthills*.
@_date: 2016-02-15 04:58:12


Slamming into it like Mike Hearn said we're "slamming into it"? Fees are $0.10. Do you have a concern if God forbid a backlog of $0.10 tx fees form? You can just bump your fee to jump the queue - problem solved.


I said "if rich people can't buy Bitcoin and they can't put it in long term cold storage because the block space is filled to the brim with other serious investors moving money back and worth, this would be an actual **Good Problem To Have**™, and we can discuss making immediate changes to prevent breakage."
A $0.10 fee backlog isn't a problem. Unless of course, your startup needs fees to be $0.00 - if you can't even afford a dime to use Bitcoin, we shouldn't even care about your use case unless you can DEMONSTRATE A USERBASE. Does your blockchain 2.0 startup have more than 10 actual users yet? I mean USERS, not astroturfers or conflicted investors, which is the norm for this sort of thing.
I don't mean to be harsh - I'm just looking out for Bitcoin investors, and this is going to come at the cost of some people building business models that require fees to be zero. Too bad for them, but it's not like they have any users to worry about losing.


I've laid out the conditions for a hard fork block size increase. Even under BIP101 you can't guarantee demand for block space won't outpace supply - and under that plan you doom 100% of full nodes to datacenters, which is way worse than having miners playing tricks with tx priority. And just a friendly FYI: Classic is advocating for a 2MB hard fork. That's a very far cry from VISA so it's pretty ridiculous to act like you've got a solution to the tx priority games miners will play.
@_date: 2016-02-28 01:50:11
Not really - according to the semiconductor industry and the world's foremost x86 CPU expert Agner Fog, Moore's Law is sputtering out as we speak:
[[Nature] The chips are down for Moore’s law](






[[Agner Fog] Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




[[IEEE] The Status of Moore's Law: It's Complicated](




Too bad we can't control the public's demand for BTC. Are you really going to pray adoption doesn't happen for, I don't know, 20 years?
@_date: 2016-02-02 20:23:01
If we were bumping up against 200GB block limits, you'd *still* be making
that same argument.
"But we need to increase because the limits aren't enough".
See? Where do you draw the line? I've drawn my line, but you're yet to do so. For all we know, most bigblockers aren't willing to admit the fallability of tx validation in datacenters, case in point:
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "I think long-term the chain will not be secured purely by proof-of-work. I think when the Bitcoin network was tiny running solely on people's home computers proof-of-work was the right way to secure the chain"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "bitcoin is already more decentralised than it needs to be"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


Where exactly do you think Gavin Andresen's line is, if it even exists?
To reiterate the btcd study, at 32MB blocks a desktop PC is *barely* capable of limping along - it processes 1 block per 10 minutes. That node is as good as *dead*.
Realistically, we'd need clustered nodes before we even got to *32MB* blocks and that's to say nothing of the bandwidth constraints.


Let's assume with libsecp256k1 and thin blocks we get 10X higher block processing capacity on desktop, which is being generous and again isn't talking about bandwidth constraints.
320MB blocks get us a maximum of 3000 tps. While 3000 tps is *almost enough* to handle VISA's average daily tps, VISA alone has a *56,000 tps* burst capacity, hence 320MB blocks *still* won't stop the Mike Hearns of the world from pointing out how Bitcoin is reaching an apparent "capacity cliff". And at 3000 tps, we're not on par with all other credit card companies, let alone cash txs and microtxs.
Now, when you factor in bandwidth on top of these processing power constrants, and you factor in Tor on top of that, the outlook of gigablocks is extremely bleak for decentralization. There's simply no other conclusion to make. Pending unbelievable breakthroughs in technology, which BTW appears unlikely in the short term - see Agner Fog's [Moore's Law Hits the Roof]( - Bitcoin has no choice. We absolutely must take a layered approach to scaling.
If you look closely, it's almost as if the guys with PhDs in distributed systems and cryptography have been right *all along*.
@_date: 2016-02-24 17:09:53
But who cares if your 401k account is isolated from your checking account?
The main Bitcoin blockchain is your 401k. So imagine it costs $15 to withdraw $1000 from your 401k. BFD. Anyone can pay that, and if you can't pay it you'll be on a sidechain, a voting pool or Coinbase.
And this $15 main blockchain tx fee would only happen if 1,000,000,000+ people adopt Bitcoin.
In a world where cash is banned, a TicketMaster fee to buy drugs online, even as high as $15 to xfer $400, is *reasonable*. It's less than a 5% fee. That's comparable to ebay and cashier's checks.
@_date: 2016-02-15 02:02:24
I have high hopes for OpenBazaar which afaik DrWasho is a principle architect of. I understand equity in OB isn't a factor, as being a shareholder in OB1 is of course not the same as being directly invested in OB.
But frankly, it's high time that all of these buzzworthy use cases of a blockchain actually prove themselves in the market: put up or shut up. Prove that you can use this block size for GREATLY expanding Bitcoin's market share or your ideas are simply bunk and we shouldn't be making protocol decisions around them.
The fact is the block size limit isn't a user limit. It's only a user limit for Ethereum use cases, or if you strictly need your startup to happen on a blockchain and nowhere else. And even then, for most use cases I don't see anything wrong with OT or a sidechain, even a Liquid style sidechain with multiple trusted signatories can be good enough for many things.
But put yourself in the shoes of someone with $10-100M invested in the stock markets today. You're looking at a 10-20% overall loss this month. You think the market is going to go lower. Gee, who knew that this Bitcoin thing could actually be a decent hedge?
Now, are you seriously going to tell me that the BLOCK SIZE LIMIT is stopping this type of investor?
My point is this: until OB and Ethereum and all these other hot topic buzzwords get more than 10 actual users - and I mean *actual users* not astroturfers - we basically shouldn't give af. That's not making the price go up. And since that's true we should focus our efforts elsewhere.
The stock market is just now starting to take a dump, and there's people out there with upwards of $10M to invest looking to hedge it somewhere. Contrary to popular belief, small blocks aren't a deterrent to this type of investor. This type of investor needs Coinbase, sure. And that's *about it*.
Now, if rich people can't buy Bitcoin and they can't put it in long term cold storage because the block space is filled to the brim with other serious investors moving money back and worth, this would be an actual **Good Problem To Have**™, and we can discuss making immediate changes to prevent breakage.
But fees are $0.10 on average today. I'm not making this dig at OB in particular, but just in general if your shitty blockchain 2.0 startup is going to die if fees aren't $0, or if you're not able to send $100 without paying $5, sorry but your use case isn't making us any richer and because of that IDGAF.
@_date: 2016-02-15 18:49:14


Still rejecting that Bitcoin itself is an *anthill*? People seriously underestimate how much further Bitcoin has to rise both in adoption and in price, to get **anywhere at all** in this world. How many people even know what Bitcoin is really? This isn't even scratching the surface. So I'm just not seeing how a $0.10 tx fee backlog is what's "holding us back".
My take on this is too many people aren't being honest enough with their long term assumptions and vision for success. For instance, think about the DNS business. Ordinary users of Firefox don't even think about DNS providers, and to some extent this is true of cash - people don't think about it or don't care, and accept what they use. Hence, I can empathize with the argument that we can expand and grow Bitcoin through massive bloat and putting it on enterprise server racks. But these people consider that "decentralization".
I consider this notion that bloat is the path to success self-refuting because if users truly aren't going to care about the cash they use, then what's so bad about sidechains wallets where the miners are the "DNS providers"?  At least that way we're 100% guaranteed the BTC unit itself is rock solid. This is going to take some risk, and a ton of developer energy but both elements are there in spades. And honestly it's not like Bitcoin's blockchain is grandma-ready today.


You mean Raiden, Lightning for Ethereum? Tell me how to do Augur on Raiden and I'll show you how the same can be done with Bitcoin on Lightning. LN development efforts are outpacing the competition already by an order of magnitude, and if anything this trend will accelerate since money can be made on hubs. Even Blockchain.info is funding Lightning development.


Even a Liquid style sidechain is enough to conduct serious business on, and this is AFAIK a business interest of Blockstream. Merge mined sidechains can arise naturally and be self-funded, they won't be ideal for storing large sums of value but fees on the main chain will always be low enough to move those large sums around. Again, no problem at all.
By comparison, the notion that we should hard fork to Classic and hail it as some kind of solution to Bitcoin's woes is hard to very take seriously.
@_date: 2016-02-29 19:49:03
Can someone quote this guy an estimate for a Tier 1 datacenter with gigabit fiber?
As if DatacenterCoin wouldn't be controlled by banks, Corporations and governments. At least with a layered approach to scaling, you have the *option* to pay a cashier's check level fee to use an uncontrolled blockchain.
@_date: 2016-02-29 23:06:10
[But the community doesn't want a fee market. We don't benefit from it.The only party that wants and benefits from a fee market is a privately owned company called Blockstream and it's investors.](
@_date: 2016-02-29 22:49:58
Sorry to disappoint but the poster is a Classic troll:
[That's it I guess. 90% is never going to be reached. Just too easy for Blockstream to "convince" the 11% to defend their investments](
[The way Mike always addresses the issues in such direct, straight manner is very refreshing.](
I could go back farther in his posting history but there's no point.
@_date: 2016-02-02 16:08:26


I'm not surprised. All block sizes by definition risk "slowing down adoption". See cpgilliard78's excellent [series of posts]( dissecting this:






Conversely, I can readily point you to a block size that jeopardizes decentralization - where clustered computing is needed for verification - because the team behind btcd has produced [performance benchmarks]( eloquently describing this cutoff:


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
In addition:




Hence, based on block processing costs alone, the number that jeopardizes decentralization is a "whopping" 32MB, currently.
But if we're to include [bandwidth costs]( too, the numbers get even *worse*:


300GB per month limits are *already threatening* home users of nodes, and we regularly see posters claim their node is eating up that much bandwidth or more per month. Lest we forget about Tor users.


Based on how you've defined adoption here, your fears can only hope to be mitigated with Lightning and other dedicated payment systems built atop Bitcoin. Those will solve instant confirmations and tx fee issues for the masses. As for this:


You could say the exact same at a block size of 200GB.
@_date: 2016-02-25 16:24:50


I mean - that's prima facie the case. VISA alone is just one credit card company. The opposition wants the blockchain to handle FAR more than just one credit card company's txs. The fact is, we can't even handle 25% of one credit card company's txs today without killing off all desktop nodes.
If OTOH, you wanted to be conservative about what goes on the blockchain, you're going to have to specifically outline for me why the plan of Segwit now, followed by conservative hard fork increases in the future isn't what you want.
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:32:11


So the benefit of a limp wristed can kick is catering to impressionable newbies who don't understand the need for a fee market to avoid datacentercoin? It's turning the block size limit into the debt ceiling. That type of user will be eternally dissatisfied and demand more and more block space through kicking the can to keep the gravy train running.
There's obviously a cost to diverting would-be blockchain traffic to sidechains, LN and voting pools. Either man up and pay that cost, or don't pay it. But don't be wishy washy about it. You're essentially advocating we tell all the users "well, we're going to avoid the fee market now but we should really transition to this thing that nobody actually wants to do in X number of days...".
@_date: 2016-02-09 07:09:57
On the one hand, visiting a doctor for imagined-problems that would've been better addressed with a life long devotion to a healthy diet and exercise regime, seeking chemical cures that are often worse than the disease conveniently to the benefit of a snake oil pharmaceutical company is quite common - and eerily similar to the idea that we should trust Corporations with bigblocks.
But if your point was the block size increase is more like a routine checkup, well - you don't typically see people dying from routine checkups. Nor would anyone suggest that, the more checkups you get, the more likely you are to die. That's ridiculous - but that's exactly what you get from raising and re-raising the block size ad infinitum.
And could you explain how this debate has been even *remotely* similar to "just visiting a doctor"? *I'm all ears*.
@_date: 2016-02-10 06:43:50


No, but gigablocks certainly *would* stop you. The writing has been on the wall for *years*:
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "I think long-term the chain will not be secured purely by proof-of-work. I think when the Bitcoin network was tiny running solely on people's home computers proof-of-work was the right way to secure the chain"
- [Gavin Andresen]( "bitcoin is already more decentralised than it needs to be"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


And to your point about using VirtualBox, the [performance test data]( is clear. A modern desktop PC maxes out at roughly 32MB blocks. Originally XT suggested 40MB blocks as early as January 2018. How much better do you think a desktop PC is going to be in less than two years?
And when I say a modern desktop "maxes out" at 32MB, I mean it processes 1 block every 10 minutes. IOW, that node is as good as *dead*:


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
In addition:




Hence, the only way to do VISA scale with today's hardware is with a 10-machine cluster. If you take it upon yourself to price out one of those rigs, you'll have to admit it's not going to be possible to do on your home PC in VirtualBox.
@_date: 2016-02-28 01:42:26
This [performance test]( arrived at a 32MB blocks maximum figure for a modern quad core desktop:


- a 32 MB block, when filled with simple P2PKH transactions, can hold approximately 167,000 transactions, which, assuming a block is mined every 10 minutes, translates to approximately 270 tps
- a single machine acting as a full node takes approximately 10 minutes to verify and process a 32 MB block, meaning that a 32 MB block size is near the maximum one could expect to handle with 1 machine acting as a full node
- a CPU profile of the time spent processing a 32 MB block by a full node is dominated by ECDSA signature verification, meaning that with the current infrastructure and computer hardware, scaling above 300 tps would require a clustered full node where ECDSA signature checking is load balanced across multiple machines.
In addition:




When I say a modern desktops "max out" at 64MB, I mean they'll process 1 block every 10 minutes at that block size. The 32MB number was adjusted upwards 2X for secp256k1 which anecdotally halves the initial block sync times.
And this is to say nothing of the bandwidth constraints. Your desktop node is as good as *dead* at 64MB blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-25 21:26:14
Good Christ, if a short term bump is all you care about, we're getting 80% of the way there with Segwit in just a couple of months.
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:08:03
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:16:42
What an amazing display of ingenuity. Honestly, I've never been this thrilled with an infographic.
@_date: 2016-02-15 15:38:07


$15 is roughly what a *cashier's check* costs. Do you suggest *cashier's checks* are only used by governments and mega corps?
And laughably, you think 10-machine Bitcoin clusters in datacenters *won't* be run exclusively by megacorps.
For example, a $15 tx fee doesn't prevent you from sending $300 to Silk Road for a 5% fee. That's roughly a Ticketmaster fee to buy drugs online, and in a world where cash is banned the value of that tx is clear and apparent. Plus we'll have Lightning, OT and sidechains to accomplish something similar. Enough with the sky is falling rhetoric about fees.
@_date: 2016-02-25 16:21:55
That's like saying a BTC price increase from $0.03 to $0.06 is "going from a puddle to a pond". It's really not. Is it a bigger puddle, undoubtedly yes!
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:11:45
I wouldn't be *in the least bit surprised* nor would it even bother me if I paid more than $0.10 for past BTC txs.
What are people buying with Bitcoin for $5, where a $0.10 fee is a 2% fee?
I guess you've never used an ATM or any type of other competing payment system?
Is Bitcoin really worth nothing to you at all if you can't make low value payments with it? Bitcoin has always been more of a digital gold to me.
@_date: 2016-02-25 18:25:54
Is the irony not lost on you that you're advocating for 2MB? That's *6 tps* out of VISA's 56,000 tps. Way to go on "artificially limiting" Bitcoin's capacity "cripplecoiner".
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:06:43
This really would be a splendid concept for Classic to be focusing on, as it would make it harder to argue the opposition isn't innovative. from my recollection stated the concept has been floating around for many years, but due to the complexity of the implementation it's much easier said than done.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:55:41
Average blockchain tx fees wouldn't be higher than $5 without hundreds of millions of new people first adopting Bitcoin, and it isn't clear how many of those people with millions of dollars in BTC cold storage will need to perform blockchain txs. For daily txs you'd have a $300 balance on a sidechain, a $3000 balance open on a LN channel or two or three, similar to how credit cards work today.
$15 blockchain tx fees wouldn't happen without a billion or more people adopting Bitcoin. When you consider that at those final stages of global Bitcoin adoption, we've all but eliminated central banking and inflationary currencies, the benefits to society of Bitcoin are tremendous regardless of the going rate for blockchain txs.


Yes, we've established that. But we have the technology to do it better, giving people what they want - a censorship resistant disinflationary hard and true digital bearer instrument - without sacrificing decentralization.
@_date: 2016-02-26 23:11:19
Wow, so `blocksonly` mode is more efficient than thin blocks, but with thin blocks I can play games with less lag. This truly is a revolution /s.
@_date: 2016-02-26 13:50:00
Certain assumptions must be made that the OP's article didn't make clear.
What's BTC's market price, and what's the ideal amount to pay miners every hour?
Today, miners get $60,000/hr. Who can say for sure how much more than that is necessary to pay as the market cap increases? But let's try and do that.
If you assume BTC price is $100,000 when Bitcoin has 1,000,000,000 users, and you assume miners want 100X more in fiat terms per hour than today, then you end up paying miners $6,000,000 per hour. I don't see current miners dropping out if we're paying them $144,000,000 daily. That makes mining a $52,560,000,000/yr industry. Paying out 52 billion annually probably buys you reasonable security.
Now, at a block size of 1MB, it's 10800 tx/hr and each tx needs to pay on average $556 with these assumptions.
At 10MB blocks, it's 100,800 tx/hr and each tx on average needs to pay $56.
100MB blocks: $5.60
Given that at 1B users of Bitcoin, we've all but established a closed loop global currency system with a fixed supply, I'm bullish that the price will go ever higher as more users come on board, so IMO it's more likely to be less than $5.60 - at a market price of $200,000 per BTC, you cut it in half to $2.80. That means $100 txs pay $2.80, less than 3%. I'd say that's completely within reason for a digital gold. At $400,000 per BTC the average fee gets cut in half again to $1.40. And so on.
@_date: 2016-02-14 03:47:23
You're not advocating for miners to run btcd, which would actually be a form of decentralization of nodes. No - you're advocating to fork bitcoin into a basically duplicate codebase that miners will unanimously run, switching over from core to classic, in order to make a parameter change. That's really not the same thing as advocating btcd.
@_date: 2016-02-14 01:40:03
So we should fork to prove a political point. *Terrible*
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:32:06
I'm really biased there - I would have no problem using Bitcoin IOUs printed on slips of paper issued by a private, local and trustworthy banking institution, Wild West style - if that's what it took to get truly global adoption of BTC as a new commodity money shared by all, I'm willing to do that and I won't complain. I'm not saying this is what it takes or what's best, I'm just trying to describe my bias.


There is no such thing as a free lunch. To use that banking system giving you stuff for "free", you had to use an inflationary, easily seizable and censorable State-issued currency. And if you just wanted cheap payment processing, you already have innumerable other options. Cheap payment processing isn't what makes Bitcoin a cut above the rest.


This quote will be equally true on sidechains, Lightning and voting pools. What matters is people moving to an uncontrolled private, disinflationary unseizable censorship resistant global currency that by its fixed supply nature eats all other currencies for lunch.
@_date: 2016-02-28 18:11:29
Does anyone know of a single example of a blockchain 2.0 application that has earned real people *real money*, excluding hyped pre-sales and P&amp;Ds? With all these big companies looking to dump tiny txs on the blockchain, you'd think they'd have clients lined up to give them money hand over fist.
Could it be possible that certain large companies don't care to validate the market but will still pressure Bitcoin developers to bend to their collective whims, because why not, "it's a public resource and not our problem"?
@_date: 2016-02-27 05:49:52
No one disputes that. There's just a night and day difference between growing the *main blockchain*'s throughput to 600 tps, and achieving 600 tps on LN or on a sidechain. The latter strategy slashes full node overhead enough to conceivably make desktop PC nodes readily possible for folks. In the former, almost all nodes are owned by Bitcoin banks and Corporations. That's a pretty good thing to avoid if at all possible.
@_date: 2016-02-28 01:44:46
You own your private keys over LN, same as with the blockchain. For txs $0-$3000, it's worth trading off full blockchain writes for instantaneous near-zero cost txs. Unless you have some other reason for wanting to write to the blockchain for zero fee?
@_date: 2016-02-25 01:20:03




I understand your frustration, and you're not the first person this has happened to:
[1 year ago](


Another from [1 year ago](


[2 years ago](


[2 years ago](








This is a wallet issue based on an unacceptably opaque means of conducting blockchain txs. Byte size of tx, and the idea that we should force people into situations where the ideal fee isn't knowable in advance are deterrants to adoption.
@_date: 2016-02-28 01:47:59
Blockchain processing is nevertheless heavily taxing on CPU, and again, I'm not suggesting 600 tps isn't impressive, but I am putting it in *perspective*:
600 tps isn't even close to *half* of what VISA does daily on average, and at this level we reach the very [technological limit]( of today's desktop PCs.
To get global adoption? Those desktop nodes are going to go utterly extinct unless *drastic action* is taken to counteract the massively centralizing effects of big blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-13 05:21:47
I'm all for distrusting anyone who accepts Bitcoin, because I sincerely doubt most would repay that money if anything goes awry, especially when pseudonymous. But I disagree with you in that I don't think centralized dark markets have this solved any better than OB. Because to the extent you can't trust the vendors on OB with small sums of money, you *really* can't trust centralized DNM *operators* with *all* the money.
A fire sale or two isn't going to be the end of OB. But centralized DNMs are Russian Roulette by comparison. People are just waiting to get robbed for *millions* by literal criminal enterprises. It would be very difficult to set the bar any lower.
@_date: 2016-02-02 01:36:08


Nobody knows what Bitcoin looks like in 6 weeks. You're trying to extrapolate 2 years out? You don't happen to own a crystal ball do you?
Here's another equally valid future projection: we do Segwit now, and a masterful Lightning wallet hits the scene, perhaps like the one Blockchain.info is developing?
With Segwit in, merge mined sidechains launch at the same time. Now we have the blockchain 2.0 "Fidelity Effect" covered on sidechains, and daily txs covered with Lightning. The result is no added fee pressure.
Do you want the blockchain to scale to ∞ tps any time soon? Then you need Lightning. Do you want to cover every conceivable use of a blockchain possible without having another one of these ridiculous year long battles each time? Then you need merge mined sidechains. The answer is: we NEED Segwit equally if not more badly than we need a block size increase, this is even more true since Segwit acts as a 1.6X multiplier on the effective block size.
@_date: 2016-02-18 19:16:44
1. OB is promising, OK. I will admit that, but:
2. Nobody actually uses any of those other blockchain 2.0 products. Name anything along those lines with more than 10 actual users. The only people who claim to "use" that crap are conflicted investors on Reddit.
3. Sidechains will work equally as well if not better than the main chain for most of these blockchain 2.0 products. Nobody is going to give you 5 second block times and gigablocks on the main Bitcoin blockchain any time this decade, not even BIP101
@_date: 2016-02-10 02:50:23
Right, I don't want to turn this into a debate about BitPay's solution - I was curious why you were grumbling about "the market". What's the problem with ... *what*  ... now ... exactly? And what is your proposed solution?
@_date: 2016-02-10 17:27:46


I'm sorry, does Bitcoin have a problem appealing to the lowest common denominator today? Oh well, I guess that's case closed guise - *shut it down*.
In case you missed it, here's the problem with gold: you can't actually use gold to make online payments no matter what **without trusting a financial intermediary**. But if you have a teleportation device up your sleeve, do let us know - that would *change everything*.
As is, gold is too cumbersome to maintain on your person for use in daily commerce, and not everyone is into burying gold in their back yard or turning it over to a bank.
And even if Bitcoin's blockchain tx fee rises to $5 - which signifies resounding success of the network - if $5 is all it costs to send $100 to Silk Road, I'm not seeing how that damages Bitcoin's value proposition as a store of wealth. And as has been pointed out ad nauseum to core detractors, Bitcoin is *programmable money* - you're allowed to use Lightning in lieu of paying blockchain tx fees for each and every last coffee, which means you can make instant cost free txs without trusting a financial intermediary to hold your private keys.
@_date: 2016-02-25 15:54:40
First, a disinflationary currency is a saver's paradise. Saving is the Bitcoin main event, spending is the sideshow. This is Economics 101 - no one looks to frivolously spend money in a deflationary environment. Hence looking at Bitcoin through the lens of PayPal is illogical.
The vast, vast majority of bitcoins are held unmoving in cold storage. Spending those cold storage coins is a specialized application, as opposed to the *basal state*, of Bitcoin.


Pray tell, what's the difference between a world where you have to route LOW VALUE payments through LN - not high value, *just low value* - and a world where you have to route 100% of payments without exception through a system of nodes and miners majority owned by heavily regulated Bitcoin banks such as Coinbase?
The LN world supports user freedoms better, since you at least retain the ability to have a P2P payment system albeit with a higher fee.
Conversely, in the Coinbase world, banks and megacorps own the entire Bitcoin system front to back. It no longer matters what individuals think about full node preferences since individuals **literally** can't run nodes. This is due to the sheer costs involved, and the opposition leaders have stated this much *directly*:
- [Gavin Andresen]( "there will be big companies spending lots of engineering dollars on their own highly optimized versions of bitcoin. I bet there will be alternative, secure-and-trusted, very-high-speed network connections between major bitcoin transaction processors. Maybe it will just be bitcoin transactions flying across the existing Visa/MasterCard/etc networks"
- [Mike Hearn]( "probably 2 or 3 racks of machines"


It's deeply troubling how we *never* hear Gavin or Mike comment on their *direct statements* about scaling in datacenters. If we're to go by the recent 2016 statements of [the semi-conductor industry]( and x86 CPU expert [Agner Fog]( those statements are even more true today than they were in 2011.


TLDR; if you want free blockchain txs forever, it would be a MIRACLE to achieve it without turning Bitcoin into an inescapable Corporatocracy.
@_date: 2016-02-25 16:00:32
Thank you for such an excellent post. What matters is people moving to an uncontrolled private, disinflationary unseizable censorship resistant global currency - BTC - that by its fixed supply nature eats all other currencies for lunch. If the blockchain doesn't have enough capacity for people in the next economic downturn, their needs are still going to be fulfilled at Coinbase, or on a sidechain. It's not like the alternatives, cash, real estate, etc will fare much better. Bitcoin's throughput limit isn't a user limit.
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:16:03


What is so hard to understand about this? A server on Amazon EC2 obviously isn't running on your own hardware at home. You lose the entire privacy benefit of running a node at home by putting the node on a remote server.
@_date: 2016-02-26 23:58:35
Satoshi predicted the "eventual solution" would be to not care how big the blockchain gets - he didn't specify that the eventual solution would be rushed for political reasons on an unsafe timeframe.
To this end, he stated [quote](






See also:
[[Nature] The chips are down for Moore’s law](






[[Agner Fog] Moore's Law Hits the Roof](




[[IEEE] The Status of Moore's Law: It's Complicated](




@_date: 2016-02-25 04:15:41


By some best estimates, the network can't handle more than 64MB blocks today, and then only if you hand waive away the bandwidth requirements and agree to move upwards of 90% of all full nodes to remote datacenters. And that only gets you to a theoretical maximum 600 tps. 600 is less than 25% of what VISA does in a 24 hour period on average, and with VISA's burst capacity at 56,000 tps the numbers get even drearier.
We could do that can kick and if we do it kills all the desktop nodes. And for that price, you still don't have enough capacity to take care of the so called "Fidelity Effect".
Making matters even more one sided, Classic isn't arguing for anything close to *that* even. They're arguing for a bump from 3 tps to *6 tps*. Segwit achieves about 80% of that, and it will only be a short wait, so what's the rush?
We have a can kick lined up with Segwit and if you want to do something more productive than complain you can fund a merge-mined sidechain or Lightning, or pray that they come to fruition, so that we can steal features off promising altcoins and boost from 3 tps to ∞ tps.
@_date: 2016-02-29 20:30:30


Really so large Corporations running all the nodes is your solution? Do you even realize how much it costs to buy bandwidth for a datacenter? It's $XX,XXX per month. Then you have to power it all! And good luck doing any of this anonymously.
People like you see NO COST in making the CORE of the network trivially easy to squash like a bug with regulation, usurping full nodes from individuals, killing their privacy because you want to pay for some *coffees* which you inexplicably refuse to do on sidechains or Lightning or Coinbase, etc.


Why go through the hassle of buying and selling coins when you could instead use Zcash on a sidechain? Or click the "Deposit $300" button in your wallet to use Lightning.
And Brian Armstrong says Coinbase holds 10% of all BTC in circulation in their vaults. It's patently absurd to pretend like people arent OK leveraging that stash to transact off-chain, when they're by definition already trusting it to Coinbase for safe keeping.
@_date: 2016-02-22 23:23:28
But Segwit txs are optional. Nobody has to do Segwit txs.
Hence, if Segwit is done as a soft fork, nodes don't *have* to upgrade. It's business as usual until Segwit txs are popular.
Conversely, if Segwit were done as a hard fork, it's utter mayhem to get everyone upgraded ASAP with or without Segwit txs. Because if done as a hard fork, either you're up to date with the hard fork, or you're using an incompatible currency. Doesn't matter if you don't plan on doing Segwit txs.
@_date: 2016-02-02 23:31:08
The "Fourth Anti-Money Laundering [Package]( islation/index_en.htm) in May 2015" must now be implemented swiftly by Member States, along with several amendments listed here:
1. The Commission will amend the Directive to include a list of all compulsory checks (due diligence measures) that financial institutions should carry out on financial flows from countries having strategic deficiencies in their national anti-money laundering and terrorist financing regimes
2. Centralised national bank and payment account registers or central data retrieval systems in all Member  States: the Directive will be amended to give Financial Intelligence Units easier and faster access to information on the holders of bank and payment accounts
3. Tackling terrorist financing risks linked to virtual currencies: to prevent their abuse for money laundering and terrorist financing purposes, the Commission proposes to bring virtual currency exchange platforms under the scope of the Anti-Money Laundering Directive, so that these platforms have to apply customer due diligence controls when exchanging virtual for real currencies, ending the anonymity associated with such exchanges
4. The Commission proposes to lower thresholds for identification and widening customer verification requirements of pre-paid instruments (e.g. pre-paid cards)
Other measures will include:
- Improving the efficiency of the EU's transposition of UN asset freezing measures and improve the accessibility of UN listings to EU financial institutions and economic operators
- Criminalising money laundering: a comprehensive common definition of money laundering offences and sanctions across the EU will avoid obstacles to cross-border judicial and police cooperation to tackle money laundering
- Limiting risks linked to cash payments: through a legislative proposal on illicit cash movements, the Commission will extend the scope of the existing regulation to include cash shipped by freight or post and to allow authorities to act upon lower amounts of cash where there are suspicions of illicit activity
- Assessing additional measures to track terrorism financing: the Commission will explore the need for a complementary EU system for tracking terrorist financing, for example to cover intra-EU payments which are not captured by the EU-US Terrorism Financing Tracking Programme (TFTP)


In addition, the audience may find this quote noteworthy




1. proceeds from the occupation of territory (including control of banks, oil and gas reservoirs, taxation , extortion, and robbery of economic assets)
2. kidnapping for ransom
3. private donations from Saudi Arabia and Gulf states, often disguised as meant for "humanitarian charity ." Allegations have been made that the Saudi government has directly supported ISIL, but experts remain uncertain, especially considering the Saudi state's own conflicts with the group.[1][2]
4. material support provided by foreign fighters
5. fundraising through modern communication networks
The European Commision continues:


The suggested tax authority crackdown will *only* be targeted at evil
scumbag terrorists, surely /s.
From the linked timesheet, in early 2016 they will "Present an EU Action Plan to tackle illegal wildlife trafficking, including by terrorist organisations". This is highlighted in green. Thumbing over to the Commission's color code matrix of justifications for their plotted actions, the green color means they'll have us know they're actually "Targeting the sources of terrorist funding" by doing this.
A step towards Europe banning cash?


The [Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Package]( C0022) calls on specifically "The inclusion of tax crimes into the EU framework" as a stated goal. It further calls for "Broadening the scope of the Directive beyond casinos to cover the gambling sector". In summary, the Commission's 4th AML Package calls for:
- Tax crimes – are to be added as a predicate offence;
- National risk assessments – are to be required, with the option for elements of supra-national assessments.
- Simplified and Enhanced Customer Due Diligence rules - are to be revised in order to comply with the international standards;
- Third country equivalence – will be reviewed to focus on "non-equivalent" third countries.
- A risk-sensitive approach to supervision – is to be given specific recognition, with the option for guidance to be provided on a sectoral basis;
- Politically Exposed Persons – the Directive will propose an extension of the categories of individuals w ho are included in scope.
- Beneficial ownership information – will be made available to competent authorities and obliged entities.
@_date: 2016-02-29 22:52:09


On what timeframe? In the short term, we already have Segwit lined up.
@_date: 2016-02-26 22:49:30
Brian Armstrong says Coinbase holds 10% of all Bitcoin in circulation in their vaults. So let's not pretend like this is LN or bust. We also have sidechains, voting pools and other higher layers of abstraction that haven't even been invented.
Until then we maybe have a $0.25 fee backlog. BFD. And welcome to Reddit!
@_date: 2016-02-02 07:50:02
At what block size are we not at risk anymore of "slowing down adoption".
And whose adoption of what exactly is being "slowed down"? I want you to *be specific*.
@_date: 2016-02-14 01:38:45




That's how nodes are too. It's a consensus network.


See above.


We have btcd and others, but that's not what you're arguing for.
@_date: 2016-05-19 04:43:06


What are you talking about? Can you name a single "smart contract" that has produced **actual income** for anyone?! What value is this providing to society besides giving slick salesmen a ton of cash with no strings?
I mean pardon me good sir, but it really does seem like the sharks at the top - the ones doing all the fundraising - are the only ones making money at any of this. Exchanges too. They're happy to skim off the top of course. The more buzzards and fish the more they make.
What's funny is all of these P&amp;D schemes start the same way: "Introducing X for the blockchain! You know it's got tokens boi! I conjured them out of thin air for $4000 a piece for the next 40 minutes!"
This crudfestival launch system is the new timeshare. I'm sure all of these DAO investors will be so proud looking back at this in 15 years.
This false time constraint based bullshit feeding the sharks at the top is literally the only source of income derived from any of these shenanigans. Money goes straight to the sharks at the top, meanwhile thousands of hapless shills "discuss" their shiny new ~~investment~~ "technology" everywhere they can in the hopes of attracting even more fish into the barrel. What a turn on!
@_date: 2016-05-17 12:00:49
Just bake it in natively if it's so good and important. Why drag in a VM dependency when you already know what's working? Or just do it in Open Transactions where you can use Chaiscript (I hear C++ is Turing Complete™)
Seriously some of you people's overconfidence in Ethereum is only matched by your euphoria. I had someone tell me ETH will be the foundation of all human industry within 10 years just a couple days ago. I take it as a sign of the times.
@_date: 2016-05-15 19:10:43
In 2012, who knew you could connect a black box to the internet and profit to the tune of *millions*? *Not many people*. And that's the only reason why we had less industrial scale mining operations. The profitability of mining just wasn't as apparent back then.
If Bitcoin reverted to CPU-only mining tomorrow, how would that give the rest of us a fighting chance against *industrial scale mining operations*? It wouldn't. It's an exercise in futility.
@_date: 2016-05-20 02:50:49
When Ethereum tells you they're not focusing on currency, it's irrelevant. Nobody spends Bitcoin anyway, and it's clear as day the "currency" part of cryptocurrency happens AFTER people adopt Bitcoin as a store of value.
Once people adopt Bitcoin as a store of value, THEN and ONLY THEN will Bitcoin function as a currency.
But when people such as yourself divest away from Bitcoin and then encourage others to do the same, you're sabotaging the store of value aspect of Bitcoin. You're not holding Bitcoin, and you're making some other coin a better store of value.
You people then have the gall to persistently lie through your teeth that this action doesn't constitute currency competition.
Importantly, if people are instead adopting Ethereum as a store of value, then Bitcoin fails and will never become a currency.
In typical Ethereum fashion, the disingenuous Ether pumpers surreptitiously promote Ether to currency status while lying through their teeth that they're not trying to become a currency! "Oh trust me we're here to help Bitcoin". GOD BLESS YOU.


They have their own LN planned as well... and don't patronize me


I mean, electronic cash is pretty efficient man.
Even if your statement wasn't totally false, which it is, it's irrelevant anyway.
Put simply, if smart contracts become a large part of the global economy, and those transactions are NOT denominated in BTC, then BTC goes the way of the dodo bird! Why own a less liquid currency?! That's what currency is all about. Network effect and liquidity, that's it. That's all there is to it.
Bitcoin is superior to gold because it's more useful and more liquid - or at least it could be one day. But if a bunch of conflicted astroturfers had their way, Ethereum would be more useful and more liquid than BTC. This kills da Bitcoin.
Hence ethereum is an existential threat to Bitcoin, you just have to take the blinders off to see it.
@_date: 2016-05-08 05:07:45
IOUs and collateral sound like the polar opposite of a true bearer instrument, i.e. you either own BTC or you don't. Even if the court system tells you to surrender all your BTC, until you specifically create and broadcast the Bitcoin tx surrending your BTC, *you still own your bitcoins*.
Conversely, a blockchain'd property title can be taken away by a meatspace court of law, blockchain be damned.
Collateral would be similar, in that the meatspace court system would *still* end up being the ultimate arbiter of truth.
Importantly, with a true bearer instrument like BTC, the state of the public ledger is the only possible truth; whereas with an IOU or debt instrument, the public ledger is a mere *suggestion* to be interpreted by meatspace courts which can always seize or freeze your assets regardless of what the blockchain says.
@_date: 2016-05-20 02:29:13
Stop trying to single out block size as the culprit for the rise of Ethereum.
Do you *actually think* increasing capacity from 3 tps to **6 tps** would keep these organized, concerted, professional shyster Ethereum salespeople at bay? Well welcome to Bitcoin, motherfucker. These shysters recently made hundreds of millions by stepping on Bitcoin's face. All the while citing disingenuous self-rationalized bullshit like "Ethereum doesn't compete with Bitcoin"! They aren't about to stop when Bitcoin hits 6 tps. Please.
@_date: 2016-05-15 19:29:29
Those "bad ass gaming machines" won't hold a candle to a massive warehouse filled to the brim with GPUs running on dirt cheap power.
@_date: 2016-05-18 02:25:14


First of all it's *far* easier to take a coin from $0 to $1,000,000 in market cap than to take Bitcoin from $1B to 2B. For ETH to make it big, it simply MUST increase by many $1 increments. And this is exactly what happened, to **your benefit**. Don't pretend like it won't happen in the future if ETH overtakes BTC.
I'm sick of hearing this bullshit about how "oh but it doesn't matter that I hold 100,000 ETH because if ETH increases from $0 to $1 that's an ∞ gain, therefore it's irrelevant". The fact that you own 20,000 ETH and would rather see ETH become the 90% dominant coin is highly material and deeply intertwined with your down-talking of BTC based solutions.
@_date: 2016-05-03 03:25:42
[Craig Wright is a blowhard](








Watch the BBC [video interview]( of Craig. Totally cringeworthy. The poor guy knows he's about to be caught in the biggest lie of his life.
@_date: 2016-05-15 18:02:00
Proof of Work mining will always be done largely by specialist miners with the cheapest electricity and deepest pockets. Economies of scale guarantee this is the outcome regardless of PoW algo.
Not even derp-changing the PoW algo every three weeks will avert this. The mining will always be done by resource-rich specialists.
@_date: 2016-05-18 22:26:16


~~Last I checked, the DAO's funds are controlled by a multisig address owned by the top Ethereum people. That too is "very different from Bitcoin in terms of security"~~
Reviewing the language, the "Curators" can't conspire to steal the funds directly
@_date: 2016-05-15 00:56:46
Really? I didn't think there was much ambiguity in his stance - from his video:






TLDR: Ethereum's most valuable use cases are few: 1) a public "Bitcoin" casino, and 2) Namecoin. Not only does Bitcoin not *need* the kitchen sink to achieve these ends, but the act of throwing in the kitchen sink to achieve it would be risky. The meat of it is in the [videos](
@_date: 2016-05-08 15:02:54


Hence my belief that debt instruments and securities that are "true bearer" are what will be truly special - as they will be in an entirely different asset class to meatspace court-bound instruments.
This also happens to be what public ledgers do best.


But if your game is public PoW blockchains, then those opportunities could be quite limited. What does a non-BTC true-bearer asset on Bitcoin's public ledger look like for instance? Is it even possible to issue a security or bond on a public ledger that has the essential quality of being "true bearer"?
@_date: 2016-05-18 22:03:59


No - by "all critique", what you mean is **your critique**.
Your interests were duly noted, and summarily rejected by the technical community. Now you feel disenfranchised? That's bad. I mean, gosh with how hot the altcoin markets are it's a miracle you haven't "diversified"!
OTOH, my interests were thoroughly represented. And although I'd be happy as the next guy to extend the 18 month long debate another 6 months, that's just unreasonable at this point. I'm afraid you're gonna have to face the fact that blockchain scalability is a real tough nut to crack.


Someone alert the media: Reddit voting has produced a circle jerk.
@_date: 2016-05-19 19:27:31


Stepping back for a moment, imagine if the Linux kernel tried to launch like Ethereum: "Announcing New Token: TORVALDS. Freshly pulled out of Linus's ass! Now available for just $4000 for the next 30 minutes, don't hesitate to BUY!".
If every Johnny-come-lately is going to do what Ethereum did, which to my eyes is *already happening*, we're about 6 months away from this snakeoil bullshit being on TV infomercials. You can obviously raise $100M easy as pie. This is just the logical next step. 
I'm sorry but calling these snakeoil coins "open source" is a complete perversion of the word. MLM 2.0 is far more accurate. I'd hope we can make that clear to the public before televised pitchmen get wise to the opportunity.
@_date: 2016-05-17 11:41:09


OK napkin calculation is not in your favor: for every $1 increase in ETH makes $20k+. But for every $1 increase in Bitcoin, he probably makes $1000-2000 *tops*.
Assuming you own about 20,000ish ETH, to claim this isn't an incentive to pump ETH is preposterous.
There's the 90/9/1 rule of tech and either the 90 is going to be Bitcoin or it's going to be something else. You profit more if it's something else besides Bitcoin, that's the bottom line.


"Guise even though I make 100X more if Ethereum is 90 and Bitcoin is 9, I really do hope Bitcoin succeeds because reasons!"
@_date: 2016-05-02 23:34:38
Gavin has been [called out as naive]( before:


Craig Wright is NOT Satoshi.
@_date: 2016-05-20 00:15:07
Bullshit. "Bitcoin vs. Ethereum" is "Gold vs Bitcoin" all over again.
Especially since Ethereum is moving to freeze issuance to compete with Bitcoin's fixed supply. Ethereum challenges Bitcoin for the same reasons Bitcoin challenges gold.
Ethereum pumpers are marketing to the same exact audience that Bitcoin is marketing to. People who hold cryptocurrency now have to choose between holding one or the other. Money doesn't grow on trees.
What Bitcoin has on gold is practicality: BTC works over Tor, you can take it with you everywhere, it's instant, it's global etc. But Ethereum does all that. It doesn't take a genius to put two and two together: Bitcoin and Ethereum are directly competing. Hence, telling people to own both because "oh they're not competing" is utterly disingenous.
@_date: 2016-05-08 21:06:21
RemindMe! 3 years "Rootstock is a symptom of a much larger problem. Ethereum has Bitcoin holders running scared. Whereas bitcoin is a niche as a value transaction system (and even that has been severely limited by the blocksize) Ethereum on the other hand is a platform that makes an incredibly wide range of thing possible. The Internet of Things, will be the biggest innovation many industries have seen in half a century. It will inevitably make a company significantly more streamlined an profitable. Ethereum will serve as the backbone of all major industries."
@_date: 2016-05-17 17:40:06
Again, the VM can be made to run on BTC. The Ethereum pumpers with their millions in premining funds could trivially make that happen, but instead they talk down all efforts trying to bring that to BTC which given their obvious conflict of interest isn't in the least bit surprising.
And my point was it's questionable whether you need or want a VM for proven VM use cases. If the decentralized gambling thing succeeds massively then there will be reason to natively bake in the functionality on a specialized sidechain. Or implement it in Open Transactions using a C++ like language.
@_date: 2016-05-08 21:38:05


State involvement seems inevitable with any type of security, because without the power of the State to enforce shareholder rights you just end up with a low quality security.
Is state involvement inevitable for securities? If so, then you might as well take the next step and have the State involved with signing the blocks. Ergo, to argue that a public ledger needs to issue securities you're going to have to convince me that you can proceed as such without involving meatspace court systems. I'm sorry, but I'm just not seeing how that can be done, especially not in a world where most Bitcoin startups aren't willing to tale any regulatory risk.
If the state is the ultimate arbiter of truth, why have miners or 10 minute block times? Just do away with it. A public ledger where "Who Owns What" is determined by a meatspace court system s better off contained to a sidechain or proof of stake system or even a permissioned ledger where the ultimate arbiters of truth exact meaningful control over the system.


AFAIK there are numerous regulations preventing companies from issuing shares willy nilly to unidentified people. How could the debt be issued in the first place?
@_date: 2016-05-19 05:20:48


That's news to me. So these idiots engaged in 24/7 slander all the way up to direct threats believed in Lightning and sidechains all along? Gee, I guess it was all just an innocent misunderstanding. That's some good insight, thanks!
/checks for r/btc posting history. wow, wouldn'tcha know, an r/btc poster. I'm so shocked
@_date: 2016-05-17 17:19:20
Welp! Pareto principle doesn't exist you guise. [The 90:9:1 rule]( doesn't either.


Go ahead and deny this obvious reality of tech.
As for the "100X" quote which you reacted strongly to, it exaggerates your holdings and that was my point: if you hold more ETH than you do BTC, you profit more from every $1 increase in ETH than you do from every $1 increase in BTC. This is true whether you own 2 ETH and 1 BTC or 20,000 ETH and 1000 BTC.
To counter with, "but ETH won't increase by $1 so that's not a fair comparison" is typical with these deceitful Ethereum pumpers. First it was "Ethereum doesn't compete with Bitcoin", now this:


ETH is roughly 10X smaller market cap than Bitcoin, and was even smaller % market cap earlier. Obviously Ethereum is MORE likely than Bitcoin to increase by $1 given its outstanding supply isn't a whole lot more than Bitcoin's current outstanding supply. % wise smaller market cap coins that succeed have to appreciative massively hence your counter-comparison is bunk no matter which way you slice it.
@_date: 2016-05-15 19:22:48
What are you supposed to do with 1000s of GPUs that have been maxed out 24/7? Even if the resale value of these GPUs allows miners to more easily recoup sunk costs, is that really so important? You really think we should switch to a GPU algo so a bunch of industrial scale mining operations can pinch pennies? This is so absurd