@_author: anonanon123456765432
@_date: 2019-01-09 13:03:03
In the UK, you get treated with suspicion if you attempt to pay with a £50 note for anything. Many shops outright refuse to accept £50s, and some now are even refusing to accept £20s.
The funny thing is that £50 isn't really that much money (approx. $60) yet you are viewed as a suspected drug dealer or tax dodger for having one as it is assumed that no law-abiding citizen would ever need to make a cash transaction for over £50.
Of course, this is part of a wider push to treat all cash as "suspect" and pave the way towards a cashless society, where all your money (in whatever form) will be held on your behalf by a financial institution and you will need to request permission from them to spend it.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:13:28
About 10 years ago, I had a similar thing happen. I was on holiday and an erroneous direct debit put my account £5000 overdrawn. The bank let this through, even though I did not have enough money, and still let transactions through. When I got home, I realised that not only did the bank let this through, they also let through all my other card transactions. At the time, my old bank (NatWest) had a policy that they would charge you £39 for every transaction they paid that put you over your limit. In total, they applied penalties of £800 to my account. Bear in mind that at the time, £39 was around a days' wage (minimum wage of approx. £5/hr for 8 hours).
I got the money refunded, but this is when I realised how bad the big banks were. Imagine if someone did not realise for a few months - they could be running up bills in the £10s of thousands - for many people that is money they could not afford. The amounts are taken straight from your account - if you needed that money for food or rent that is too bad, the bank must get its cut, even if that makes you homeless.
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:35:00


What practical benefits would exist in a cashless society which do not currently exist in a cash based society? No-one is currently forcing you to use cash if you don't want to.
The "convenience" of not having to hold onto physical notes and coins is hardly worth surrendering complete control of your personal finances to banks (and, by extension, the government). As the article above hints, it isn't just the lack of privacy, it's the fact your accounts and cards can be frozen at any time. Now, imagine if the only way you could pay for goods or services (including the food you eat, rent/mortgage for your home, etc.) was via a bank account, which could be frozen at any time for any reason. This is the "cashless" society, and the implications are terrifying.
Cryptocurrencies are the way forwards long-term, but we are a very long way from that happening. Even if cryptocurrencies are widely accepted as a form of payment, cash solves one use-case which crypto can't - how would I pay someone when there is no power or no internet connection?