@_author: anonymousecateer
@_date: 2019-08-16 21:35:51
[Intercontinental Exchange Inc.]( the parent of the [New York Stock Exchange](  won an approval that clears the way for its Bakkt unit to allow  investors to buy derivatives that pay out with Bitcoins for the first  time.
@_date: 2019-08-21 14:55:56
Oh man too funny.... you need to go on SNL
@_date: 2019-08-03 23:00:43
"On its own, it (Bitcoin) won’t solve the most pressing (Economic) issues. But combined with  other tools, and aided by diplomacy, academic rigor and patience, it  could well form an integral part of a new type of reserve currency,  which could help smooth or even avoid the shocks to come."
@_date: 2019-08-02 06:05:34
Why do you save your fiat today if the value is going to decrease tomorrow?
@_date: 2019-10-13 01:55:44
What about the Cash App?
@_date: 2019-06-09 14:21:29
The best way to support Andreas is through Patreon. The guy has given more to the Bitcoin community than most, and continues to educate and promote at his own expense.
@_date: 2019-10-08 04:36:27
I'm guessing you might want to check with Coinbase, Gemini, CoinMarketCap, and BitcoinTax. I'm sure there is a downloadable excel spreadsheet somewhere or the bigger sites might actually have an API
@_date: 2019-08-30 23:05:10
only on r/bitcoin can you find memes like this LMAO
@_date: 2019-04-21 12:51:45
great post, I'd have never known which countries imposed no capital gains for using BTC. BTW Puerto Rico offers tax free capital gains if you want to move there and create a company with modest rules for entree
@_date: 2019-09-30 22:53:07
@_date: 2019-09-02 21:35:59
Well written article to spite the source, from the article:
 Chasm is Crossed by Bitcoin: 20 Reasons
1.  Bitcoin has been around for 10 years, since early 2009, and has  increased in price by six orders of magnitude since April 2010, even as  supply increased seven times.
2.  Bitcoin has been through two Halvings; the next is only 10 months from  now; this is the fundamental driver of scarcity with fully predictable  inflation headed under 2% and then under 1 %. Supply is now tight and  only getting much tighter.
3.  Bitcoin suffered through the crypto winter of 2018 and bounced back by a  factor of over three times in price since the start of 2019. It has  moved back above $10,000 with prospects for $50,000 plus within the next  year or so due to the forthcoming Halving (PlanB model of stock-to-flow  projection yields the future price estimate).
4.  Bitcoin has an enormous lead in security over all other cryptos with  far and away the greatest amount of hashing via specialized ASIC  accelerated computers.
5.  There are some 32 million Bitcoin wallets held by perhaps 10 million  people; while it now has a significant presence, there is also huge room  for growth.
6.  Facebook’s Libra has put the Fed, Congress, Treasury Department, SEC  into a tizzy. Also, the IMF, ECB, Bank of China and other central banks  are more or less panicking around the challenge of global digital  currency alternatives. The IMF is creating a series of papers to look at  alternatives that could include holding e-money ‘stablecoin’ currency  reserves at the central bank.
7.  The attention on Libra seems to be leading to a view from Congress and  the Administration that (a) we must regulate Libra closely, Facebook  cannot be trusted and (b) Bitcoin is here to stay.
8.  Bitcoin is already the clear global digital currency alternative from a  Store of Value perspective and could challenge gold in that regard.  Gold has a total market capitalization of $8 trillion of which $2  trillion is held by central banks. Bitcoin is still much smaller at 1/5  of a $Trillion.
9.  In the US Bitcoin regulation is mostly in place, with taxation and KYC  /AML for exchanges sorted out, a futures market established, and the  next big step is retail investment products such as ETFs to ease mass  adoption.
10.  While the volatility of Bitcoin price is high (7% per month) it is  decreasing and expected to continue to do so as the market deepens.
11.  Bitcoin is an asset, fiat is debt. That alone should drive adoption,  especially with the next recession and future debt and banking crises.  Negative interest rates may be coming to the US, certainly, a return to  very low rates is on the horizon.
12.  Central banks are looking at implementing digital currencies that they  would control, but that offers minimal innovation; such a central bank  digital currency would still be just the same old fractional reserve  fiat, inheriting problems of instability and remaining as a poor long  term store of value.
13.  Central Banks cannot resist the cryptocurrency /e-money tide. This  leaves them three major alternatives: (a) accept corporate money such as  Libra, even holding reserves for them, and squeezing banks as a result  (b) outlaw or restrain corporate money and build their own digital  currency which could mean individuals hold balances at central banks,  also squeezing banks, or © strengthen their currencies by adding Bitcoin  to their balance sheets along with their gold. They could allow banks  to issue their own digital money in competition with Libra and other  corporate money, and let the market sort it out with appropriate but not  heavy-handed regulation and risk supervision.
14.  I do not expect the US, Japanese, European, or British central banks to  add Bitcoin to their reserves any time soon. But some smaller central  bank may very well, and start a Bitcoin reserve race. The central bank  of central banks, the BIS, will try to slow them down by saying they  cannot include any Bitcoin held as part of their reserve accounting  position. But central banks might well hold anyway if they believe it  will appreciate relative to gold.
15.  The first Central bank to actually add Bitcoin to reserves gets a jump  on all the others and could set off a race. Bulgaria may be *de facto*  the first since their government has seized Bitcoin used in criminal  activities that has a present value of $2 billion. This is about equal  to the nation’s gold reserves. If they are smart they will not auction  it off.
16.  Great macro investors like Ray Dalio and Raoul Pal see a next recession  coming and continued overhang of debt pushing the US toward zero and  negative interest rates. More debt monetization is on the horizon in  their view, and in such low-interest rate environments with money  printing, pure assets like gold and Bitcoin benefit from a flight to  safety. With negative interest rates and even small inflation, cash is  trash.
17.  Libra is a gateway drug to Bitcoin, and exchanges will make a market.  As new people get introduced to crypto through Libra, they will become  more aware of Bitcoin and could choose to exchange Libra for Bitcoin as a  savings vehicle, while using Libra and competitors for spending  purposes.
18.  Fiat and Libra and e-money are payment methods, spending vehicles,  primarily mediums of exchange. Bitcoin is a savings vehicle, primarily a  store of value that can presumably be used for greater purchasing power  in fiat or Libra terms in the future due to its stronger monetary  policy. Lightning Network and other second-layer solutions are enhancing  the utility of Bitcoin for purchasing as well.
19.  Libra has sharpened the differences in the crypto space. Bitcoin has  crossed the chasm because governments in the West are now understanding  the clear distinction between corporate money ‘crypto’ and the original  decentralized Bitcoin. They have largely worked out their overall  approach to Bitcoin regulation while struggling with what to do about  Libra and other ‘stablecoins’ or corporate money. Their fear of Bitcoin  has lessened as tools to track its usage in money laundering and  transnational crime have been developed.
20.  After a decade of phenomenal growth, and in time for the 2020s, Bitcoin  is coming of age. Expect a growth spurt and many more developments.
@_date: 2019-09-30 21:38:53
Quotes like "History will be kind to me because I intend to write it " will no longer be true. - Winston Churchill [