@_author: anosognosia
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:58:55
Yes, they are lowering it slighty. and now they face defeat because they lowered it too much. The BS is spewing from you,not me.
@_date: 2014-01-23 09:24:15
No, thats majoral democracy. And the numbers are far from that. There is no party in Sweden advocating massive tax Cuts. Because Swedes don't want that.  
  
Stop pushing libertarian agendas on a populace that specifically and repeatedly do not want it. It's not a message Swedes buy into. Uncomprehensable for some but it's still the factual situation.    
Also, loaded language like using the word robbery for self elected taxrates is akin to me calling the US constituation "a rape on common sense". It's not apt, and only intended to aggrevate. This is part of the problem with US political discussions. It's so prone to random mudslinging instead of debate or consensus.
@_date: 2014-01-23 08:59:09
Self elected robbery. Current administration risk losing the election because they cut the taxes too much and aren't supporting infrastructure, education and social plans enough.  
  
Swedes aren't being robbed, swedes participate in taxbased Insurance and Charity.
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:58:09
Your ignorance is showing. The smaller party is in the ruling coalition.  They set the taxes and they have modified corperate tax from 28 to 22% and they made a few minor reductions in income tax. They are on board with the high Swedish tax rates because if they try to lower it more they won't get reelected. One of the reasons they are facing defeat this fall is because of the lowered taxes.   
  
You really should fucking do your homework. Swedes have not been robbed, it's exactly NOT like that you little troll. Swedes have consitently and in broad majority voted on parties (all across the board) that support the rather high taxrate and the social programs it buys. The right wing party ONly got to power because they promised they wouldn't dismantle, only slightly adjust it.  
  
They might want to lower it more and approach US values, but they will lose the elections.    
  
You should Really really check up on it. You are functionally illerate about Swedish politics and you are YET again using super loaded bullshit threatspeak by using the word robbed.   
Go BS somewhere else.
@_date: 2013-04-09 09:02:31
Taxes is distribution of services. It's a prearranged trading of time and resources. It's fundamentally not different from letting a company builds roads you drive on.  
In it's core is a distribution of responsibility and risk to the proposed benefit of all. It's inclusivness and nonnegotiability is part of the stability and security it provides.  
People who crave less security and more personal freedom want less influence of the common good. It's a valid argument to make.  
But to decry the system in it's entirity demands a high burden on proof of alternative system. Historically and statistically the taxed society have functioned reasonably well and a majority of the world is undergoing improvement of standards of living.   
A flawed system is not the same as a defunct or worthless one. The argument to abolish or demonise the entire system is a radical one that needs to very strongly supported to even be considered. Especially with the very very dire consequences of failing.