@_author: anotherbitcoinhodler
@_date: 2019-11-18 19:30:56
Well it is related. If someone ultra-rich believes a bitcoin cycle is going to happen, he can start working on a new shitcoin scam, and buy lots of Nvidia stocks knowing many losers will rush to buy GPUs to mine his shitcoin. Could be China.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:01:01
@_date: 2019-11-26 01:20:54
My fear is that when this happens, due to hyperinflation $1m will be worth like today’s $200k.
We are all billionaires in Zimbabwe dollars.
@_date: 2019-11-27 18:47:55
If you want to accumulate large amounts over time (i.e. buy on a monthly basis), I would recommend a hardware wallet.
First reason is security. Where did you print your paper wallet? Are you sure you did not enter a phishing scam website? Are you sure this old-school website generates true random values?
What if you load more bitcoin to the same address in an ATM, and someone robs you - he may see from you bitcoin address that you have a lot of bitcoin and force you to send it to him.
I only started to truly feel confident with accumulating bitcoin when I bought a Trezor. I initialized it and upgraded its firmware with an Ubuntu Live CD (not my standard OS because who knows if it has viruses or saves log files). If my phone or computer gets a virus, the attacker could see my transactions history but not spend. I then made sure I can send bitcoin from one wallet to another, and even donated a small amount.
@_date: 2019-11-23 20:37:37
Cybertruck is the new lambo.
@_date: 2019-11-22 00:50:31
I promised myself I will buy only once a week, and I already bought few days ago.
I also buy only in a local ATM (I have to drive there), and save all the receipts, so everything is clean and if I’ll ever be in trouble and must sell I could use a lawyer to force the bank to take the money. Yes, it is so terrible in my country, I know people who used online exchanges and their banks simply refused to accept the money.
@_date: 2019-11-18 18:28:14
I won't sell my bitcoin for shitcoins and not for GPUs to mine shitcoins. Whales and shitcoin scammers that can manipulate the price may do that.
@_date: 2019-11-24 20:03:59
Not your mom, not your coins.
@_date: 2019-11-15 13:51:49
In most cases there is no need to torture and murder. Just go for their friends and families. If they work at large corporations they will be laid off in unexpectedly. If they look for a mortgage all the banks will reject them. If they need medical aid they will have some extra bureaucratic lines to wait.
Most people will not sacrifice their friends and relatives for their freedom of speech. And if they don’t have friends and families, just stage a car accident...
@_date: 2019-11-16 15:17:27
and many new people will start mining bitcoin because the probability to win the block reward has doubled.
@_date: 2019-11-22 13:46:20
Hovering between $3k and $10k for 4-5 years is the best thing bitcoin's potential \*users\* can wish for. It means I can save the money in bitcoin, go to jail for 2 years, and still have at least 30% of it when I get out (worse case scenario). It means one person can send it online to another person in the other side of the world on a monthly basis for 4 years, and none of the sides will think he was ripped of from the deal. It means that if I live in Venezuela and the government creates hyper-inflation that devalues my fiat money by several orders of magnitude, my bitcoin savings lost only 70% (worse case).
The only thing that could deter more bitcoin potentials users from using bitcoin is if it drops below maybe $1900. This means bitcoin can drop by a factor of 10 from its peak. This would make riskier alternatives more attractive, like stashing USD bills in hideouts, trading gold in the black market, or working with the mafia to transfer large sums of money across the world.
Bitcoin cannot stay at the same level for many years because it will then be adopted by a huge number of people, and then go up.
Bitcoin was not created for people who want to become rich in 2 years. Bitcoin will not go form $7k to $100k because some people will want to become rich and think it could go from $100k to $1m. It will go to $100k because many people will be afraid that their entire life savings could go down by a factor of 100.
@_date: 2019-11-30 22:02:44
Loved the printer, Cannot wait to see who the bosses will be.
Zuckerberg with Libra? Craig Wright? Maybe the federal reserve?
Will there be lots of nocoiners shooting "No iNtRinSiC VaLUe!" ?
And between the dollar flags in the background, put the flag of Zimbabwe:
@_date: 2019-11-18 19:50:41
Instead of giving them a fish, why not teaching them to fish?
I would buy a Trezor or a Nano wallet. I got hooked to bitcoin only when I started using a Trezor One. No need for a "safe computer", no need to be afraid that your phone has viruses. Worse that could happen is that your phone gets hacked and somebody can tell your transaction history (but I'm a hodler, so far I bought bitcoin legally in ATMs and spent bitcoin only on small donations).
I'm honestly not working for these companies. Loading money on another paper wallet is pointless, they will throw it in a drawer and forget about it.
@_date: 2019-11-23 18:49:10
The average joe will not accept bitcoins from a tainted address.
Coinjoin will taint both output addresses. It will be your responsibility to check who you coinjoin with.
@_date: 2019-11-23 10:21:43
They follow the law and send 1 sat back to the address they received it from.
@_date: 2019-11-14 16:58:18
In 2017 people rushed to buy bitcoin because they wanted to become rich. In 2021 people will rush to buy bitcoin because they wouldn’t want to become poor.
The rich are probably now buying bitcoin secretly. After they will accumulate enough bitcoin privately, they will send the corporations that they control to risky financial adventures. When the stock market will crash and many will loose their savings and their jobs, the rich will say “oops” and will earn from their privately owned bitcoin.
Bitcoin is anti banks, but it is not anti rich. The rich could actually benefit from an international almost-anonymous hard-to-tax money even more than the common people.
Bitcoin is not only an insurance against a state of anarchy, it’s an incentive to create one. This is what scares me the most about bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-15 13:42:32
You can ban newspapers and websites that say that blockchain technology is a bubble, or that bitcoin is worthless because it is not backed by physical assets.
Just a reminder - Google is blocked in China and this is not likely to change soon.
@_date: 2019-11-16 00:29:08
Suppose you are a billionaire that wants to get into bitcoin with a large amount. You know that when you do so, the rumor will spread quickly and the price will spike. You may give a hint to your close non-billionaire friends about it, so they could start accumulating. You will wait for the halving, so your friends could buy bitcoin from miners at cheap price. Then you will use your money to buy bitcoin as fast as possible. Your banks will find out about your money transfers, the rumor will spread and the price will skyrocket.
Investing large amounts of money when bitcoin is still “printable” by miners in large quantities, is just giving away your money to the miners...
@_date: 2019-11-14 00:05:30
“I was late to get into bitcoin”
If you’re in this forum and bought some bitcoin, you’re ahead of 99% of the world’s population.
You are the 1%.
@_date: 2019-11-23 22:54:02
Maybe because they are still accumulating.
@_date: 2019-11-18 18:57:42
Gross manipulation does affect bitcoin's usability - for that you need a stable price that rises slowly.
Bitcoin has to go through 2-3 more cycles so that the general public will understand not to be fooled by gross manipulation, not to fomo-buy or panic-sell, and just to wait for it to return to the original price.
@_date: 2019-11-15 13:33:55
Where did all this bitcoin-lambo hype started from? Why Lamborghini?
It feels like some marketing agent at Volkswagen is pumping all these memes. Smart move. If bitcoin goes to the moon, I will rush to buy Volkswagen stocks because there will be lots of nerds spending their valuable bitcoin on silly looking cars...
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:58:03
Except for my bitcoin and some cash that I have in my wallet, all of my life savings are in the hands of a middleman - my bank.
I wouldn’t mind giving small regulated insured organizations some sats to run a lightning node for me. I will trust them with a small amount, not all my savings, and if they lose it I will see them in court.
I don’t think banks will disappear, they will just shrink and learn to behave. Investing in other businesses that need a loan is a good thing to do through a private bank.
Bitcoin haven’t been through a major economic crisis yet (in a western country). This will happen someday in the following years. The government will try again to rob us and bail out the banks, but this time the people can fight back and adopt bitcoin. Will they do it? Who knows... but I will keep accumulating and hodling until the next major crisis, just to see what happens.
@_date: 2019-11-22 03:30:05
Bitcoin is either a bubble or a multi-trillion dollars idea.
If it’s a bubble we should see miners starting to shut down and sell their equipment, and the price of bitcoin going to $400. Otherwise it will go to the moon.
So far it does not show any sign for a bubble, just a slowing growing price with temporary small bubbles. If you buy on a weekly/monthly basis the temporary bubbles do not affect you.
If you’re here to become rich in 2 years and not in 10 years, you’ll have better chances at the lottery.
@_date: 2019-11-22 03:08:37
The purpose of bitcoin is to create government-resistant deflationary money. If some has 1 bitcoin in a password-phrase in his head, and is thrown to jail for 10 years, he will still have his 1 bitcoin when he gets out. If he has access to the internet, he can then send the bitcoin to someone on the other side of the world.
Whether his jail time was justified or not, is a moral question, but bitcoin, like gold, doesn’t care.
This is a very good use case for millions of people who don’t live in stable industrial democracies. This is a good use case for anyone who wants to protect his wealth. The more people find how useful it is, the higher the price will get. It’s a warning message to all governments who think they can unfairly tax people by printing money and bailing out banks. The people can not only stop paying taxes, they can also use bitcoin instead of the local fiat - making the government go bankrupt very quickly.
For me, this is a very powerful concept, and should be worth at least as much as the gold market if not 10 times more.
Ethereum, on the other hand, is an over complicated tool that nobody really sure who would need it. Maybe if bitcoin will truly become global some people could find use case to Ethereum.
Oh, and if you buy Ethereum keep following their updates and never go to jail, because they might fork you out (read about Ethereum Classic).
@_date: 2019-11-19 16:02:02
90% of millennials are in debt for the house they bought. Some minor economic downturn happens and none of them can actually pay the debt. The banks are in problem. The government prints money to bailout the banks. The 10% of millennials that did not take loans see that their money is being devalued rapidly, and rush to buy Bitcoin, which only makes the money loose value even faster. Hyper inflation, bitcoin reaches $1m (which worth something like todays $100k). 
We've been in this story before 12 years ago, except that we could not choose Bitcoin. We could either choose to go into debt, hand our money to rich people by gambling on stocks (and pay endless commissions to the banks), or watch our money looses value. This is how they prevented hyper-inflation last time, but this time it will be different.
@_date: 2019-11-23 22:47:46


Of course you can, bitcoin is pseudonymous. Yes, you'll have to be smart and careful and have a good accountant as a friend to launder the money at the end - but you can actually take bribe in bitcoin, know that you are the only one that own the bitcoin, and still not have to deposit it in any bank or stack it in a safe at home that the police might check with a warrant - as long as you are not willing to spend it. You don't need offshore holdings and shell bank accounts. You don't need to fly to Switzerland with hundreds of thousands of dollars on you. Creating some dummy accounts on exchanges and using coinjoin is much cheaper and easier.
I won't be surprised if 10 years from now lots of politicians or people close to them will retire and open very "successful" bitcoin-related businesses to launder the money. Bitcoin has good sides and bad sides, making life easier for criminals is one bad side - this doesn't change the fact that bitcoin is inevitable.
@_date: 2019-11-25 08:32:40
Countries where corruption and hyperinflation is a big deal?
@_date: 2019-11-16 12:06:36
Wakes up, 1 kidney is gone.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:03:56
The law will say you are not allowed to spend the 1 sat and must send it back to the tainted address you received it from.
It will not be a crime to receive tainted bitcoin, it will be a crime to spend it.
@_date: 2019-11-23 18:42:29
It’s legal to receive, it’s illegal to spend.
Your wallet app will open a popup message as soon as you open it: “you received X sat from a tainted address, do you want to send it back? Sending the coins to a new address may break US laws”
@_date: 2019-11-18 00:52:36
Maybe it’s the work of the CIA, NSA or some other intelligence agency, looking for ways to fund rebels and hide money transactions for illegal activities.
Maybe it backfired, so they forced the creators to stop working publicly on the project and to sign papers saying that if the word goes out they will go to jail for life, i.e. Satoshi’s disappearance.
@_date: 2019-11-27 19:43:48
I feel sorry for you. The first paragraph in every “Getting started with Bitcoin” guide should be “How to avoid scammers”, with warnings against phishing websites that are based on typos (almost every paper-wallet-generator has these) malwares that that replace addresses in the clipboard, firmware upgrades, etc.
Firmware upgrades and initializations should only be done with a clean computer (i.e. Ubuntu Live CD) after you check very carefully the address that you enter and the SSL.
For extra protection of your privacy, use VPN and maybe even Tor.
I know that if all the guides will begin with these warnings it would scare many newbies, but this is what it means to “be your own bank”.
I feel sorry for you, I hope somehow by magic the thieves will make a mistake and get caught. These kind of people are ruining the mass adoption of bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-18 19:00:25
It's illegal in stocks. Most of the stock manipulators are never caught, but at least they can't brag about it to their friends. It's something...
@_date: 2019-11-25 00:01:34
What are the odds that the banks will not lose our money in gambling and then demand the government to bailout them?
@_date: 2019-11-23 20:20:55
They will not ban bitcoin because THEY CAN BENEFIT FROM IT!
Bitcoin allows politicians one more way to do shady businesses without being caught. You think they like keeping their money in banks that can track their actions?
Until bitcoin becomes mainstream, most politicians will try to keep their mouth shut to avoid confronting the banksters.
When bitcoin becomes big, the politicians will divide to those who side with freedom and those who side with the banksters. It’s going to be interesting.
@_date: 2019-11-22 13:11:48
I prefer not to say online :)
@_date: 2019-11-15 13:21:54
The mistrust of the Chinese people in their banking system is much greater than in the west. Many Chinese people transfer their all their savings to relatives in western countries. It’s a really smart move from the Chinese government to tell its citizens: “We know that we are totalitarian and that you mistrust us with regards to human rights, free speech etc. but here is one subject that you can trust us with, even more than in western countries: money.”
@_date: 2019-11-22 01:07:32
Whether you invest or not depends on many factors - don’t throw money that you cannot afford to loose. If you’re in debt, pay your debt first.
If you do invest, then only in Bitcoin. It’s the only “first” crypto. It’s not just a technology, it’s a socially agreeable symbol, like gold, for something that could replace money in certain situations. And the social agreement among the maintainers of the network is that you shouldn’t change the rules of the game in the middle of the game. New features can be added (i.e. segwit), but everything should be backward-compatible: nobody should be forced to move his coins from a wallet of type A to a wallet of type B, and the miners’ rewards will stay as planned originally.
Other altcoins (a.k.a shitcoins) may have smarter features, but the only reason these features did not enter to bitcoin is that they weren’t important enough for the community, not more important than keeping the backward-compatibility.
@_date: 2019-11-15 01:00:16
If I’m a corrupt leader that takes bribe and work with criminals, and my friends who brought me into power are also like that, then of course I would allow bitcoin, so I could launder the illegal money and spend it in my own country or flee to another one.
And now seriously, if I was the authority in a small country I would allow bitcoin just as I would allow free speech and voting - because this is the morally right thing to do. I would tell my citizens that in our country people are innocent until proven guilty. This is why the citizens should take care of our country, protect it, follow the rules and keep electing my party.
I would say that using bitcoin is equivalent to using cash. If you want to transfer real world assets (car, house, etc.) on your name in the national files, you’ll have to explain how you got the bitcoin to make sure you paid all your taxes.
Oh and if you’re a tourist visiting our country you are free to spend all your bitcoin here. This will surely boost our economy.
@_date: 2019-11-15 01:08:55
Before the announcement, would you accumulate a ton of it in the country’s treasury or in your own private wallet?
Because right now it feels like the world leaders are going for the second option.
@_date: 2019-11-16 07:34:06
If one node tries to publish a block that contains a record like “address X received 1 bitcoin from thin air” or “address X receives more bitcoins than it should for mining a new block” the other nodes will simply reject the block as spam (assuming they use the original code, and right now they do).
All the websites and apps that don’t run a full node themselves will notice that this one node shows different information than the other nodes, and will ignore it. Its owner will be shamed over the internet.
@_date: 2019-11-24 12:32:20
Bitcoin will be needed in the next economic crisis.
Oh, and if you believe that the last economic crises were only accidental, by irresponsible people in power that took unnecessary risks, today those people can put their money on bitcoin and initiate a crisis on purpose. 
Until the next crisis, none can tell if bitcoin is a success story or a total flop.
@_date: 2019-11-18 16:03:20
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:29:05
Yet they turned China to a modern industrial economic superpower, instead of another primitive country that lags behind.
And they have successfully implemented a program for limiting population growth, or otherwise there would be today 5 billion hungry Chinese people.
And yes, they scare the shit out of me, and if the world was just many of them would have spent the rest of their lives in jail.
@_date: 2019-11-23 19:59:55
Slaves or not, at least they are not hungry and most children can acquire basic education to become self-sufficient when they grow up.
Should they now try to convert to a society with more personal freedoms? Sure, but they will have to pay a huge price because the entire world currently benefits from this kind of outsourced slavery.
@_date: 2019-11-18 20:28:32
Their explanation goes like: "Ponzi Scheme! Bubble! Nerds and Criminals! No intrinsic value! No real use case! LALALALALA!"
@_date: 2019-11-23 22:51:00
OK, so the government can outlaw spending the amount of tainted bitcoin. It's yours but you are not allowed to spend it, and doing so will taint all addresses that received bitcoin (even if it's a new change address).
@_date: 2019-11-14 20:35:00
Men are taught from young age that they are expected to be the providers in the family. I’m just stating a fact, not saying things should be otherwise.
@_date: 2019-11-30 15:50:00
Next: Vladimir Putin talks about freedom of press.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:13:36
The law could be simplistic and say that all the 5 are tainted.
You must send 1 bitcoin back to the address it received it from before making new transactions.
@_date: 2019-11-18 00:34:32
I don’t know if Bitcoin will be the currency of the future, I just know that it should be!
@_date: 2019-11-18 18:41:23
But it still suffers from ugly manipulations.
@_date: 2019-11-18 18:38:07
What about other shitcoins? They are also not ponzi-schemes, but they are still based on immoral price manipulation (which happens in bitcoin too, but requires much more money to have an effect).
@_date: 2019-11-16 00:00:32
Source: 
@_date: 2019-11-20 20:38:03
Most of the bitcoin gamblers will not know how to stay rich. They will spend the money on lamborghinis and more gambling. Read some stories of lottery winners.
The ultra rich own car factories, oil fields and telecommunication companies. Only a portion of the rich are deep in the financial banking sector, and they are hated by the other rich.
The only thing they are afraid of is economical-political unrest that could lead to socialist/anarchist/green movements interfering with their business sector (I’m not saying that I do want).
They don’t want their wealth (oil, factories) to be “redistributed”. They don’t want competition. They don’t want environmental/ecological restrictions. They don’t want people asking hard questions. They want the people to focus on something else.
The banks, however, can threaten to create political unrest on purpose if the other sectors throw them to the wolves.
The future is going to be interesting...
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:31:44
Of course it will affect the economic structure. It allows anonymous money transactions over the internet. The only places it does not change are places where anonymous money transactions over the internet already exist - which is nowhere (cash is offline, not over the internet).
Also, fixed known inflation, uncontrolled by any state - which means more freedom from the political elite.
@_date: 2019-10-11 10:24:18
And then it crashed...
@_date: 2019-10-02 18:03:01
Really, you wouldn't want to know how much you earned or loosed? Not everyone is a smart techie person who knows how to check this information in the blockchain explorers, and correlate each transaction's time with the value in USD at that time.
It will be a problem to get a high score in the google searches. And it's irrelevant for people who use software wallets and not stupid paper wallets.
Maybe you are right...
@_date: 2019-10-04 14:24:26
I wanted to invest in Bitcoin in 2013 but I was yellow.
@_date: 2019-10-07 08:10:30
Fiat is also stable because the entire public sector is paid in fiat, and this is not going to change quickly in any country. Fiat's programmed loose of money is indeed making it more stable, because it deters rich people from hoarding fiat for a long time and manipulate the market in unpredicted moments of crisis (like bitcoin whales...).
Bitcoin will become more stable when more people will invest, but it will not become stable enough to replace fiat any time soon. It will be similar to gold - stable enough for investment, but not for setting the price of common daily products. This can be an excellent solution for the middle class in developing countries, where many people cannot open bank accounts or just don't trust the banks with their entire life savings (and rightfully so). Today they use gold which is hard to verify, trade, transport, etc. If the banks of your country fail, you can withdraw some of your money and keep it as cash or gold in a safe but after a while the inflation of fiat and the danger of keeping you money in a safe will push you to put the money in the bank. The banks know that, and so they aren't afraid of being corrupt and gambling on their depositors' money - especially in small developing countries where competition between banks is simply non-existent. Next time the banks will fail, people will withdraw their money but will later return only part of it. I can easily see how the average citizen keep 10%-20% of his life savings in bitcoin.
The prices will not be fixed to bitcoin, but you will be able to use bitcoin as a cheaper solution than credit cards and banks - especially in small countries where businesses pay huge fees for accepting international credit cards. Also, it will be used in large contracts between individuals - for example, it is very common in small countries to buy/sell a house in a price fixed to USD (even though the transaction itself is in the local fiat). If it is common to keep 10% of your life savings in bitcoin, the seller will probably demand: "The local-fiat equivalent of X usd, plus Y bitcoins", where Y bitcoins is around 10% of X usd.
Bitcoin will not replace fiat, but if the average person will keep only 10% of his savings in bitcoin it will force the banking system to compete and become more trust-worthy.
@_date: 2019-10-02 16:07:42
Not a socialist, but the idea that a bank manager can make a whole bank go bankrupt by poor management decisions (that cannot be proved as intentional corruption), and that the bank manager can get incredibly rich during this process, and that we should all accept the bank manager's right of possession - that is all a capitalist idea. LTD (limited company) is a capitalist idea.
Socialism is about redistributing wealth, not money. You want to build a huge house or buy a fancy car with you bitcoins? Do it in a different country, because here we make sure homeless people get a place to sleep and a dinner to eat before we let lucky people waste their fortune. If a group of people here knows how to make cars, they should make as many cars as possible so everybody can get a cheap car, and not waste their time and talent on making a small amount of fancy sport cars.
I'm not a socialist, and I don't believe that the last paragraph is the moral way to help the poor (mostly because it doesn't work in the real world and only makes talented people less motivated). But as long as the state and its police force control who owns physical stuff, Bitcoin is not a threat.
@_date: 2019-10-09 16:20:47
My guess is that some people wanted to buy bitcoin, and they could not find anyone to sell them bitcoin in the old price, so they agreed on a higher price.
@_date: 2019-10-02 15:35:05
This tv series did not end well...
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:55:03
@_date: 2019-10-03 09:35:14
The modern western world believes that the purpose of the economy is to provide people jobs. This is really silly if you think about it. The purpose of the economy is to provide people goods and make them work for them as little as needed. Building a mansion requires more manpower and more resources than building a normal house - so one person could have a status symbol instead of 5 people having an actual house.
Socialists tried to demonise people who want mansions, so nobody will want a mansion in the first place. In such a society, construction workers work for lesser pay (less demand for their craft), but they wouldn't actually know this - just like you don't think: "What if someone wanted my craft for the sole purpose of boosting his ego, I could have earned much more money".  These construction workers would spend their time and resources to make standard houses for normal people.
Status symbols like gold and branded clothes are stupid. Status symbols like mansions, that waste resources that could have answered other people's basic needs, are even more stupider. But it's pointless to try convincing people to care about they fellow human beings more than they care about their stupid status symbols. After all, we're all here because our parents wanted to raise a cute little status symbol :)
@_date: 2019-10-12 11:48:59
Bitcoin power consumption does not include the huge cost of transporting it to the cities. You can put solar panels in the middle of the dessert and mine bitcoin. You can put wind turbines in the middle of the ocean. You can use energy sources that are simply very remote from human population centers, or use the same renewable energy sources when we don’t need them (sleep hours).
@_date: 2019-10-09 14:03:37
Do kitchen knives incentivise robberies?
@_date: 2019-10-02 17:30:29
The internet started by the US government, then moved to the hands of the public universities. Only later on private capital has joined.
The workers-union's decision to take or skip the job offer from the external source could be done by voting - but all the profits will be shared equally between the workers and all the labor will be shared as equal as possible.
But the problem is that to operate this kind of mechanism you need a very large police, to prevent people's natural egoism from starting large black-market initiatives. Someone has to be in charge of that large police, and it is very easy for that someone to abuse his power and turn the country into a totalitarian nightmare - a country that not only tells you how much you should work and how much you will earn and what shiny objects are immoral to buy, but also what to say, think, eat, wear, etc.
@_date: 2019-10-01 14:55:49
Yakamoto’s true identity will eventually be revealed with a Quantum Computer. Just hodl and FUD.
@_date: 2019-10-02 22:03:39
This video objectifies Bitcoin as if it was a woman.
@_date: 2019-10-02 16:30:26
Because a promise is a promise. The developers and miners of Bitcoin are devoted to the idea of not changing the rules in the middle of the game. This is the only way to gain trust by the general public, just like a government will never be called a government if its ruling system is inconsistent (whether it's fair or not).
This idea is more important than any tiny tech advantage. Why do the masses trust gold? Because it was first to symbolise an independent store-of-value, and anyone who tries to change it is probably doing so out of personal greed. 
Bitcoin is not only a technology, it's an ideology. Traditional money should have also been an ideology, but the governments betrayed us.
@_date: 2019-10-01 14:43:07
Bitcoin is more similar to a “Swiss Bank” which doesn’t play with your money.
@_date: 2019-10-01 17:11:04
Natasha Sacramento
@_date: 2019-10-07 10:55:31
Billionaires and corporations get far different conditions in the bank than the average customer. They may also use off-shore banks, lend the money directly to businesses, etc. The money may also end up in the basements of the Chinese government/banks that keep it for political reasons.
Fun fact: there are more physical bills of $100 in the world than bills of $1, due to foreign governments that hoard USD for political reasons.
@_date: 2019-10-03 10:05:03
Yes, Bitcoin is special is the **first** cryptocurrency and this makes it special. If being first is not such an important quality, then tomorrow I can create "Monero2" which has the exact same features Monero - and it should be worth as much as monero is.
There's also the psychological part, which is what money is all about. People need to know how to use your currency for it to have value, and it's very hard to convince people to learn and try something new (ask the entire advertising industry). One way to do that is to create a social hype and a FOMO feeling: "if you don't try this now, you'll become socially neglected". Bitcoin is the closest cryptocurrency to create this among the general population.
@_date: 2019-10-02 16:50:40
Image the socialist state as a huge workers union. As an external bitcoin holder, you can either choose to hire all of them or hire none of them. Make your choice. If you want to live inside the socialist state, you have to be a part of this workers union. Large scale private initiatives are not allowed. You can trade with the other comrads for small initiatives, but if there are many testimonies that you're trying to make a large initiative, and if you must have received the money for this large initiatives from sources outside the state, you will be thrown to jail for life.
Just to make it clear, I'm playing the devil's advocate here...
@_date: 2019-10-01 01:13:40
Satoshi would have never created Bitcoin if Nixon had not abandoned the gold standard :)
@_date: 2019-10-11 05:08:09
My guess is that the elite is quietly buying. The politicians, bankers, media tycoons, etc. are all accumulating bitcoin.
Anonymous money can be against the interest of the governments and the banking system, but the people who manage them care about their own pockets first.
Every week more people buy some bitcoin just for hodling. When bitcoin reaches around $16k again, nobody could call it a “bubble” again. This is when the media coverage will become serious.
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:41:27
And you think your $50 investment will change things?
Bitcoin is an existing mechanism, an inevitable chain reaction. Good people will use it to do good things, and bad people will use it to do bad things. Stupid people will ignore it and will join only when everybody else has already joined.
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:23:42
How many are traders (sold bitcoin for cash and reused the cash to buy bitcoin), how many are hodlers only (never spent) and how many are spenders (hodl bitcoin but also spent on products/services). And the average/median investment size for each type.
@_date: 2019-10-04 19:13:45
I guess none of the security features stand against an approved firmware update.
This is a very complicated scam if they actually created a fake firmware, but then again Trezor is open source.
I only updated the firmware once, used an Ubuntu Live CD, and checked the address multiple times.
@_date: 2019-10-02 15:29:53
You're welcome. I'm not saying that none of these alt-coins is ever going to succeed. iPhones existed before Android devices, and yet there are more Android devices in the world than iPhones. However, most alt-coins will probably follow the path of the Windows Phone, and Android devices were developed only after iPhones became a big success story.
The entire cryptocurrency community should first promote Bitcoin, make it huge, stable, and publicly available to the general population, and only then start talking about promoting alt-coins and their purpose. People think that bitcoin is already too large and there is nowhere to grow, but right now the market cap of the gold market (the price of all gold in the world) is over 40 times larger than the market cap of Bitcoin. Why is gold worth 40 times more than Bitcoin, if Bitcoin has so many advantages? They are both symbols for a scarce resource that can be used instead of money in times of hyper-inflation - but gold cannot be sent over the internet at the speed of light, cannot be verified without a chemistry toolset, nobody is certain of its total amount on earth, you cannot protect it with a password in your head, etc. The only major advantage gold has over Bitcoin is the only advantage Bitcoin has over the alt-coins: Gold was first - it was culturally accepted by society as a "store-of-value" unit before Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-01 14:32:06
From the user’s perspective it is similar - you want to make a transaction, you verify yourself in front of the bank’s computer, and you pay a fee for electricity, arbitrary greed, etc.
Even when you use an ATM, the communication goes to your bank’s computer and only it can approve the transaction. In a traditional bank, you trust your bank’s computer not to do transaction on your behalf. If you want to send money to someone from a different bank, you need your bank and his bank to trust each other.
That’s a huge amount of trust, and it fails in times of war or economic collapse etc.
With bitcoin you tell all the “banks” (i.e. miners) to verify and write down the transaction, and you add a “mathematical riddle” - the first miner to solve the riddle gets the fee as a prize.
What happens if two miners solve the riddle at the same time? This is where things get more complicated, but basically despite the fact that the miners compete each other, they all want to work on the fastest growing blockchain, so they are incentivized to agree on the blockchain that most miners agree on (if one miner is left alone, it can keep wasting energy and solve math riddles, but none will count it as “bitcoin”).
This is the way I see it.
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:20:51
The core premise of Bitcoin is that the basic rules of Bitcoin should not be changed. Addresses and transactions should not be arbitrarily banned, the inflation rate (mining fees) should stay as planned, the original core code should keep working, etc. The developers and miners of Bitcoin are devoted to this idea, and the general population will only trust a platform that is maintained by people who are devoted to this idea. Breaking this premise confuses the general population and harms the pace of which Bitcoin will be adopted by the masses.
How were the other alt-coins created? The creators of these alt-coins would claim that there could be great improvements to the original Bitcoin (more power efficient hash function, different block-size, faster transactions, smart-contracts etc.) but since they weren't able to convince the entire Bitcoin community to accept the great changes, they had to create a new block-chain (in some cases "fork" the existing blockchain and in other cases create an entire new blockchain). These creators dumped the core premise of Bitcoin, and were followed by people who preferred short-term profits over idealism. Once a cheater always a cheater - as soon as they'll find a better short-term profitable alt-coin, they will switch all their resources to the new one (mine it, develop it, etc.).
Of course there could be new updates to the Bitcoin core, like segwit addresses that allow cheaper transaction fees and allow the lightning network, but these changes are not forced on the users - anyone who wishes to stick with a legacy non-segwit addresses can do so, for example if he doesn't want to trust this kind of change with his entire life savings.
Maybe in 20-30 years from now, when a new generation of children will grow and accept Bitcoin as a solid currency, there will be place for new smarter and more-efficient blockchains. Right now they are mainly supported by greedy people who are jealous of the early bitcoin investors/developers/miners.
@_date: 2019-10-11 04:41:43
A small recession in the US can have far greater consequences for the rest of us non-americans.
Real estate is also a solid store-of-value, but you can’t migrate from a country with a half-mortgaged house. If you loose your job, you won’t get a mortgage in the first place.
Banks can close their doors with an order from the government. Putting all your money in the bank is like putting all your eggs in the same basket.
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:43:16
I’ve recently got into the **freedom** game because I believe in the fundamentals, but I just can’t seem to ignore the fact that we could all be the catalysts of something much more sinister than first thought.
@_date: 2019-12-10 18:22:08
Yes, Electrum is indeed supported by smart developers, but they wrote it for smart users... Maybe they should make an Electrum-Light version.
I take back my comment about the non-html app. Many smartphone apps know how to sweep paper wallets. Yes, it is not safe to keep large amounts of bitcoin on a smartphone (instead of a hardware wallet), but usually people get small amounts of bitcoin on paper wallets as gifts.
If you have a large amount on a paper wallet, use Electrum on a live OS and rtfm.
@_date: 2019-12-09 08:29:13
The America people will never forget what China did in Pearl Harbour.
@_date: 2019-12-08 19:33:22
My offer is $21
@_date: 2019-12-08 09:20:18
What about “An ode to thy Cringe”?
@_date: 2019-12-05 12:07:41
My guess is that he was working for some western government agency, and could go to prison for many years if exposed.
What’s the point of being famous if you spend 20 years in prison?
My guess is that in 20-30 years the secret documents will be revealed.
@_date: 2019-12-01 18:42:15
You must be an American :)
Well, imagine billions of people living in a world with far less “law &amp; order”.
This “feature” is unfair when it’s forced on people, and irrelevant if the bank closes its doors.
If the people want “digital gold” for their retirement savings, they should be allowed.
When bitcoin will rise again to $20k, the masses with the 0.6% investments will start asking why is their money being devalued, why are they forced to invest in the stock market that they don’t understand. Especially if the stock market will crash right before or right after.
If you care about your privacy, the middleman for the temporary custody could sit in Switzerland.
@_date: 2019-12-01 22:47:27
Part of the value of fiat comes from the fact that the black market has a high demand for cash. Inflation is not only an unfair way to push people to the stock market, but also a way to tax the black market (there are other ways, like VAT on gas and imported goods, which is a tax for everyone including the black market).
If the black market switches to bitcoin, because it is slightly harder to steal or confiscate or prove ownership, then the demand for fiat will drop.
@_date: 2019-10-07 08:53:47
When nobody wants to buy stocks, savers hoard money in their bank accounts. The problem is that the banks don't really keep the money - they lend 10 times more than the money they are supposed "save", and may have liquidity problems. The depositors will then find out that their bank can temporarily close its doors and limit cash withdrawals.
We've been in this story before - a temporary panic with lines of customers trying to withdraw as much cash as they can. Then the bank gets back on its feet with the support of other banks, and the depositors, who don't like saving all that cash at home, deposit all of the cash in the bank again. Few will switch to a different bank, but most of the people will stick with the temporarily-failing bank after seeing it back on its feet. The bank has lost 2%-3% of its cash/customers, not a big deal since this money went to other banks - and they are all invested in one another.
**BUT THIS TIME IT WILL BE DIFFERENT!** We may see many people choosing to keep 10% of their cash in Bitcoin, never returning it to any bank. The other banks will not benefit from all the customers who left the failing bank as much as they were used to. Banks will stop helping each other to get up on their feet when they fail. A chain reaction will occur, and it will become a social norm to keep 10% of your savings outside the banking system, whether it's in cash, gold or bitcoin.
Conclusion: invest in companies that manufacture safe boxes :)
@_date: 2019-12-03 18:04:43
The government does not want to stop bitcoin. They had a very populistic opportunity to do it after the bubble of 2017.
The people in power want bitcoin to become big and they are now probably accumulating. They are just against teaching bitcoin, especially to foreigners and enemies.
@_date: 2019-12-05 16:49:20
I hope he did not die (maybe murdered by criminals?). Even if he lost or sold his bitcoin, he could make a fortune just from giving lectures.
@_date: 2019-12-01 23:44:16
People with “clean” money will sometimes want to buy illegal goods (drugs, gambling, etc.) and people with illegal goods or dirty money will want to launder it to clean money.
The way to do so lies in the border between the legal and the illegal, like trading bitcoin investments that may appear legit.
@_date: 2019-12-11 11:40:44
Both used to launder money and evade taxes by trying to hide the source of the money. You can't deny this. You can only choose whether this capabilities will be available only to a close group of rich people, or available to all.
@_date: 2019-12-03 19:56:20
You are trading, they are accumulating. When they will want to start trading, they will drop the tax on trading.
"The government" is just a bunch of rich people that want to get richer. After they finish accumulating, they will destabilise the economy and promote bitcoin as the invention of the century, find some political/ideological excuse for why it shouldn't be taxed (i.e. "If we tax bitcoin, all the trade will move to china and the communist party will become rich!"), and those rich people will brag over how they were so smart to see the future and accumulate secretly.
You barely hear them saying anything in favour of bitcoin, and you barely hear them saying anything against bitcoin. I refuse to believe that the people in power simply don't have an opinion about bitcoin. I refuse to believe that they didn't notice that bitcoin is still alive and kicking. They will simply use bitcoin as another tool to screw the working class.
@_date: 2019-12-09 12:07:00


Try passing through an international airport border check with 1kg of gold as a foreigner. I dare you.
@_date: 2019-12-08 20:27:35
Nobody can promise you anything about the price.
If you think bitcoin will go up, you can buy $500 now and the rest at the payment day (maybe even at the payment minute...).
Be careful when you buy bitcoin for the first time. There are lots of sophisticated scammers out there. Don’t hesitate to ask questions if you are not sure about something, and beware of anonymous people in private-messages.
@_date: 2019-12-12 07:53:33
Where did I write “*all* rich people”?
I’m not a native English speaker so maybe I was misunderstood, I just meant “some rich people”. I also didn’t do a full research, just counted on information from the internet. This is the only logical explanation I can find for why some pieces of art as so ridiculously expensive.
In my country, in my opinion someone with a total net worth of around $3m and no debt would be considered rich. Obviously not an “oligarch”, but still rich.
Yes I know that in different countries and different socioeconomic classes the number could be very different.
Regarding the comment about “skinning”. please go to see a shrink.
@_date: 2019-12-09 08:01:21
It’s not a delusion, I understand that this is a cult, like all forms of money.
Disney, Starbucks, Nike, Coca-Cola - they are all based on the cult-like behavior of the consumers, and their supply can always meet the demand.
@_date: 2019-12-01 20:15:15
Because you’re a handyman that received bitcoin without paying taxes and now you need a taxi. You personally have too much bitcoin and not enough cash.
@_date: 2019-12-09 22:11:24
It won't be just harder for you to get a mortgage, it will be harder for everyone.
This means that people will not be able to buy expensive houses just because they are over-optimistic and convinced some banker to give them a loan by risking other peoples' savings.
This means less housing bubbles - housing will be generally cheaper and more stable.
It also means less socioeconomic mobility - people from lower classes will absolutely not be able to get loans.
@_date: 2019-12-08 18:41:32
The only thing that will count for me as a success is watching bitcoin rises during a major economic crisis.
If bitcoin is currently overpriced, we will see the price drops because many hodlers will have to sell (pay bills after losing their jobs). If bitcoin is underpriced, a major crisis could lead to a high demand by new people who are afraid of hyperinflation or the banks closing their doors.
Until then, I will keep accumulating. Bitcoin has to drop below $1k for me to actually lose hope.
@_date: 2019-12-06 11:06:44
Hmm, actually there is no need for a 3rd party.
If the website publishes a QR code for example, it could contain the website’s domain name, i.e. 
The Android payment app that scans the QR code could then go to
 and see that it receives a valid response.
The payment app could then say that “ verified the address.
Obviously this feature should only be optional if you are worried over your privacy (for example, worried that  will know the IP address of your Android device).
@_date: 2019-12-08 00:01:36
I'm a simple man. I want to invest a portion of my monthly salary outside the banking system, in the most trust-worthy way possible, without losing value. I want nobody to confiscate it, and I want to be able to travel with it wherever I choose.
When I will want to spend it, I will choose the payment system that will take the lowest fees. Lightning network or a central exchange, I don't care, because I will let them keep as little of my savings as possible - like walking with a small amount of cash that could be robbed from me in every street corner. For large transactions I'm ok with paying larger fees for safety.
Bitcoin on the bitcoin-blockchain will always be "the digital gold". The safest crypto-store-of-value for long term purposes. A symbol that none could undermine, unless a real attack on the blockchain actually happens. As long as every other shitcoin is described as "It's like Bitcoin, but...", then I'm not worried about bitcoin losing too much of the scarce public attention. Shitcoins may get the attention of the gamblers and the inexperienced, like a new pop song, but they cannot replace bitcoin's historical and symbolic meaning, just like temporary pop songs cannot replace a national anthem.
@_date: 2019-12-01 10:08:23
Legislation alone doesn’t solve economic problems, competition does. Bitcoin is the best competitor to the banking system, and the legislation should promote bitcoin for individuals and businesses.
@_date: 2019-12-09 11:57:11
All revolutions begin with meeting the legitimacy identified by government regulators. Right?
@_date: 2019-12-11 09:44:33
Rich people use fine art to launder money and evade taxes in huge numbers. Bitcoin will surely blend in the process somehow. When this happens, bitcoin will rise dramatically.
Bitcoin is not good or bad, it simply exists.
@_date: 2019-12-01 19:48:15
Outside the EU and USA the black market is large. In my country (which I prefer not to specify), it is estimated to be 40% of the economy. Taxi drivers and handymen will typically give you a nice discount if you say that you don’t need a receipt. Sooner or later they will learn to use bitcoin instead of hoarding cash that they cannot deposit to the bank (and if stolen, none will help them) - so the demand for cash will decrease.
Also, the 0.6% is measured with the local currency, which is not USD. If the banks have a lousy year, they tell the local government to print and devalue the local fiat so they can reach the promised 0.6%. The prices of every commodity obviously rise accordingly.
Bitcoin may have a smaller effect on the USD and Euro, but it will kill any other fiat.
@_date: 2019-12-01 19:17:20
Write the seed on two pieces of paper (use a password too). Print a list of 1000 addresses (or the public key that generates them). Give each paper to a different safe deposit box service.
You now have a piggybank for your retirement. Start loading bitcoin to the addresses on a monthly basis.
@_date: 2019-12-06 21:23:21
All the altcoins are comprised of a bitcoin-like blockchain + changing the rules.
The greatest virtue of bitcoin is that it is conservative, and that the people behind it agree that the rules shouldn't change unless everybody agree on it (Not a 51% democracy, but literally everybody, whatever his egoistic reason would be).
It will be very hard to convince me with an argument that goes like: “Here is Altcoin-X, it has a great feature but since it has some disadvantages we could not convince everybody in the Bitcoin community to accept it, so we forked bitcoin. Please buy mining equipment for Altcoin-X, please convert your life savings to Altcoin-X, we promise that we won’t change any of the rules anymore and that our community will not split in the future to several sub-forks”.
The only thing that could convince me to do so is a major breach in the Bitcoin idea: breaking sha256 or ecdsa, hashrate attack that reverts more than 3 blocks, etc.
I don’t want to be in a community that changes the rules in a way that hurts others, because one day they might also change the rules to hurt me.
I call this “the bitcoin conservative solidarity principle”.
@_date: 2019-12-08 23:31:16
Hey mailman, remember how your coworkers lost their jobs when the internet was invented? This is what's going to happen to the bankers!
(P.S. I'm not a Neo-Luddist, I'm not against technological advancement)
@_date: 2019-12-10 07:52:17
Running Javascript from an offline browser is safer than running python scripts that can touch files, install viruses, etc.
Tails come with Electrum. You can run it offline, write down a seed and use it once (but you can also generate multiple addresses from it).
It could be nice to have an “Electrum Live OS”. Like a lightweight CD/DVD just for that.
Sorry for the demotivation...
@_date: 2019-12-05 16:31:23
OK, there are two reasons for making such a drastic change for more decentralization:
1. Robin hoods that think it is "unfair" that rich people can buy expensive equipment and win all the mining rewards. Well, bitcoin was not created for a more "equal" world. Most of us just want a scarce asset with financial freedom, outside the existing human-trust based banking system, and that it would be less inflationary than the USD. We don't care if 1k people get the rewards or 1m.
2. People who are actually afraid of 51% attacks, or think that the fear of a 51% attack might drive investors away from bitcoin. So far this is not the case, people trust bitcoin far more than any other shitcoin, including those that are ASIC resistant. None has ever attempted a 51% attack and reverted blocks. No serious attempts for double spending by abusing hash power. The incentive to just keep mining is far greater than trying to break the system. The miners want the people to trust bitcoin as is. If they try to break the system so early, most investors will simply move back to USD and the entire crypto market will fade away.
@_date: 2019-12-10 17:31:36
As a python developer, I can read the code and see that you are not doing funny stuff like importing os, or just picking a fake address from a list.
Most people can't. They only know that opening an html page cannot infect your computer with a virus, and if the computer is offline and running a Live OS, it will not leave traces on the hard drive. The problem of validating the authenticity of the app will always exist - phishing scams will always exist.
How is a program better than an html file?
A nice non-html app could be a simple way to transfer bitcoin from a paper wallet (or a seed phrase) to a new address. Many people receive their first bitcoin from a friend on a paper wallet. When they eventually buy a hardware wallet or just install a smartphone app, it is not trivial to transfer the coins from the paper wallet to the new wallet. You can do this with Electrum, but this is not trivial for beginners (because Electrum has like a million of other features).
This program needs to connect to the internet, and could be run on a live OS.
@_date: 2019-12-01 17:33:13
Who will trace the addresses? The safe deposit box services? They aren’t allowed to open your safe, and they will find a partial seed phrase if they do.
The average Joe in India and Africa does not trust the bank. Fiat money looses value over 20 years of saving. The average Joe knows it but prefer solid 0.6% per year investments over other options which the banker told him that they are “risky”.
@_date: 2019-12-01 09:24:26
The banks think that regulations will save them from the next economic downturn. They think they can gamble with our money, take the profits and force us to pay for their losses (bailouts, inflation, etc.).
But they are wrong, in the next crisis, whenever it comes, the people will not only demonstrate in the streets, they will also withdraw a lot of money to buy bitcoin, and the snowball will start rolling.
In 2017 we saw only the gamblers, the risk-takers, trying to buy bitcoin to get rich. Most people are not like that. Most people hate risk. When the money will start loosing value fast, and small banks will close their doors, and bitcoin will rise nearly the same speed of every commodity, those people will go to buy bitcoin to keep some of their savings outside the risky banks.
@_date: 2019-12-01 09:37:35
Many Germans will keep their bitcoin savings in a bank, then loose their bitcoin due to security breach. An economic crisis will happen in Germany, unemployment will rise, and some of the lost bitcoin will be found in IP addresses of british, french and russian oligarchs. What could go wrong?
@_date: 2019-12-09 12:14:07


Even if that was true, what will China earn from crashing bitcoin to zero? Right now they want to have a global alternative to the USD - they will support almost any alternative. Any successful attempt to attack bitcoin will immediately create a fork (or multiple forks) starting at the last block that wasn't attacked, with features that prevent further attacks. It will be called "the new bitcoin" or "bitcoin 2.0" and any hodler will have the same amount of "bitcoin 2.0" that he currently has as standard bitcoin. If multiple forks will occur, only the one supported by the popular client apps (Electrum, Mycelium, Trezor, etc.) will survive.
@_date: 2019-12-08 20:48:49
Don’t buy altcoins (a.k.a shitcoins), just buy bitcoin.
It is very different from diversifying your investment on stocks - This entire market is manipulated by whales, and by the very people who created those altcoins (and were rejected by the bitcoin community).
There is not going to be a “next bitcoin”, because bitcoin has a symbolic value, just like gold in the physical world.
Some altcoins may have cool features, lower fees, smart contracts (but what for?), better anonymity, etc.
Some metals have better properties than gold. So what?
If you think bitcoin has fulfilled its potential, in my opinion you are wrong. Bitcoin was created to help us stand against the next economic crisis, against hyperinflation, against bailouts. This will be the true test for bitcoin. It can go up because more people will join, it can go down because many will have to sell to pay their bills.
If bitcoin will not withstand the next economic crisis, no cryptocurrency ever will.
@_date: 2019-12-08 17:56:21
Did gold burst? Do Swiss banks not have an underlying business? Are freedom and privacy irrational?
Do you see religion running out of believers? Will all the Americans who used their second amendment to buy a gun suddenly wake up and realize that their guns are no match to a government with tanks and drones?
What about a capitalist nation that bailouts banks? Is this rational?
Most of the bitcoin investors are indeed just speculators who believe that the demand for bitcoin will rise when the next financial crisis will hit - Rational demand because of hyperinflation with no liquid alternatives, or irrational demand as a symbol for fighting the banks.
@_date: 2019-12-08 23:21:43
Probably because the black market can use USD.
The big question is how the world's black market will react if the USD start hyper-inflating.
@_date: 2019-12-01 09:53:52
WATCH OUT FROM SCAMMERS!
If you find some online exchange that seems too cheap, or downloaded your app from an unreliable source, or someone asks you for the seed phrase, or you copy-paste bitcoin addresses on a computer with a malware etc. watch out!
If this is your first time, buy a small amount in an ATM and play with it. Send it from one wallet to another or even donate some.
For large amounts, buy a hardware wallet, your daily-basis android phone is probably not secure enough. They are also really cool from personal experience.
@_date: 2019-12-01 14:26:33
Why isn’t bitcoin a competitor? I can keep my savings in Bitcoin (not inflationary like cash), send it online to anyone and even migrate with it to a different country. I cannot do these things with cash, without taking a huge risk. My bank will allow me to invest in gold, but I won’t be able to send my gold investment to a friend.
Yes, I cannot ask the Bitcoin community for a loan and cannot invest with bitcoin directly in the stock market. These things will probably always need banks and regulations.
“Be your own bank” means that anyone can technically compete with the banks. Will the governments try to stop it? They had so many opportunities when bitcoin crashed and the public opinion was against bitcoin. So far they did not take a drastic action. My guess is that many of the decision makers have bitcoin themselves.
@_date: 2019-12-05 23:43:10
If we make bitcoin Asics resistant, it should also be Nikes resistant.
@_date: 2019-12-08 18:44:46
The Russian anthem does have lyrics. They are simply in Russian obviously.
You must be confusing with the Spanish anthem.
@_date: 2019-12-08 18:09:48
That’s not what decentralized system means. It just means that no single authority can decide for others, but there are still collective decisions and changes made. The bitcoin community accepts changes to the protocol if nobody oppose them (a 99% agreement, not a 51% agreement).
I guess that by voting up “cringe”, there are many people who oppose the idea that bitcoin should have an anthem, and therefore bitcoin should not have this change.
But maybe if you will publish some good lyrics, they will change their minds :)
@_date: 2019-12-10 14:23:19
Because the existence of bitcoin is a fact. I believe bitcoin will lead to changes and will rise dramatically. I am not sure if these changes will be good for humanity overall, but at least they will be good for me personally.
I’m against wars and nuclear weapons, and think that all the money and lives spent on them are a waste. But I do think that my country should have an army and when I see an inevitable war coming, I will put my money in the right place to avoid losses.
@_date: 2019-12-01 16:19:33
Every safe deposit box service can have insurance against theft.
If you need insurance against fraud, there will be third parties that can hold some of your money until you receive the product, like PayPal/Alibaba/Amazon today. They will not hold ALL YOUR MONEY. They will not close their doors the moment hyperinflation begins, just because the government told them to (i.e. Venezuela, Zimbabwe). They will not go bankrupt because they gambled with your money and ignored all regulations (i.e. India). They will not devalue your money just because the banks are too big to fall (i.e. USA bailout).
Future generations will think we were crazy to put all of our eggs in one basket, the bank, where every clerk that goes into trouble can steal millions and leave the country forever with a password in his head.
@_date: 2019-12-05 15:00:56
I trust bitcoin because its developers are are devoted to the ideal of not changing the rules of the game during the game.
That’s what separates bitcoin from the other shitcoins.
I wouldn’t buy gold from someone who says “from now on we count iron as gold, because gold mining equipment is expensive”.
If someone bought ASICs because he made a financial plan to cover their cost, then switching to ASIC resistant algorithm will be unfair to him.
If the miners will use their power to try a 51% attack to revert blocks or deliberately ignore specific transactions despite their high fees, then they will start a war and we could decide to fork bitcoin, with the current balance for everyone, making their ASICs useless. They know it, so I don’t believe they will go for it any time soon.
Bitcoin was not created so you could make money from your crappy old laptop. Bitcoin has a greater purpose.
@_date: 2019-12-02 23:40:56


First, the gold market is 50 times higher than bitcoin (total value of all gold vs total value of all bitcoin), so bitcoin has a lot to grow. Second, the value of gold is being manipulated (yes, bitcoin too). When you buy gold through the bank, the bank does not actually buy the gold. It just recalculates its risks. Maybe it will even sell gold to make the price drop. Only if a large number of people will buy gold then the bank will buy too. But with so much knowledge about the trends in our financial actions, they can manipulate our mass-psychological behaviour before it happens.


We will always need banks for safe investments, but I can totally see a world where 10% of our money is in Bitcoin, just for buying online, or for traveling abroad, or when we're scared that the banks might close their doors, or that the government might go berserk (mostly relevant for non-americans).


Not if you leave the casino. Buying bitcoin and holding it yourself (outside the bank and outside the exchange) is the same as leaving the casino. Yes, it's only pseudo-anonymous, and they can follow the blockchain and see your transactions, but they can't tell what the transactions where for - did you buy gold? did you buy drugs? did you buy foreign fiat? Yes, you can do these things with cash, but you can't fly abroad with large amounts of cash and it's hard to protect, and in the long run the inflation will devalue it, etc. etc.


They are not even trying to make it illegal to have bitcoin! This really surprised me after the bubble of 2017. I was sure that now, after so many people lost so much money, the people in power will outlaw bitcoin, and that bitcoin will become a moral debate like marijuana for many years. My guess is that many people in power are invested in bitcoin, and they want bitcoin to have at least one more bull run. Rich people like traveling around the globe with large amounts of money. Rich people don't like banks spying after their financial actions. Rich people love cocaine and bribing and dirty businesses (despite all logic and everything they might lose). Ultra-Rich people used to have swiss bank accounts and it costed a fortune in fees. Now this service is available for every medium-rich person.


Inflation is an efficient way to tax the poor, that cant afford taking risks and gambling on stocks, or are totally unbankable. If the poor will switch to bitcoin, the government won't tax bitcoin holdings because that will also tax the rich. They will think of something else - more income tax for employees, VAT for water and basic food ingredients, taxing the pension funds, etc.
Bitcoin is not a socialist revolution of the working class. It WILL create eco-political chaos in many countries because ultra-rich people can abuse the chaos and benefit from their ability to fly around the world and start businesses in different countries with different bitcoin regulations.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:18:47
I’m sure people used to think the same about slavery - that the economy will slow down without slaves.
The bottom line is that slavery is immoral, and so does inflation (obviously slavery is far more immoral than inflation).
Maybe a truly free market is not the best economic system after all. Maybe we do need central powerful authorities (banks, governments) to coordinate the market, lending fake money to businesses and consumers so they can start working together in a trustless society.
Only time will tell.
@_date: 2019-12-08 20:04:05
WATCH OUT FROM SCAMMERS!!!
Most people here are pro-bitcoin, so they try not to scare you with this serious issue.
There are lots of scammers out there, and they are preying on inexperienced users like you.
Do not initialize or upgrade the firmware of your hardware wallet on an unsafe computer (use something like Ubuntu Live CD), do not save your seed on any electronic device, do not take a picture of your seed phrase, do not type your seed to any website even if it looks like a decent one, or tells you it is safe to download the html and run it offline. Check every website that you visit for typos in the domain name (a.k.a phishing). Check the “https” part. Watch out when you copy-paste an address, some malwares change the address to the hacker’s one.
Be generally suspicious about business offers from anonymous people, somehow their business model will always begin with you sending some amount of bitcoin to them.
And don’t buy shitcoins, they will never replace bitcoin’s symbolic and historical meaning as being the first cryptocurrency.
Enjoy the ride. Bitcoin will last more than a decade.
@_date: 2019-12-03 19:37:09
I have them. They are stored on a memory stick. Don't worry, they are encrypted with a password and the computer is not connected to the internet. Whenever a miner successfully mines a block, I print the bitcoin and send it to him with a fax machine. This job is really tedious, I hope the bitcoin committee will find someone to replace me soon.
@_date: 2019-09-30 23:09:06
Very good subject
@_date: 2019-09-30 22:57:59
Open a bank!
@_date: 2019-09-30 22:38:32
[