@_author: antarcticocapitalist
@_date: 2014-03-05 10:58:41
Well first I notice how you phrased your question. "Does anyone know of anyone..."
And that basically answers your own question. You don't even want answers form bitcoin "opponents" on this thread. You don't want to hear any more of it, because you're tired of the "ignorance."
The problem with bitcoin is that not everyone trusts it. Not even close to everyone. Most everyone trusts dollars (mistakenly, I think), most everyone trusts gold, to have value.
In order for a money to be an actual money, it has to be desirable to everyone. If you pay me with some currency, I must know that I can use that currency with anyone else for goods and services.
With real money, this happens naturally, because real money is valuable. Gold became money because everyone wanted it, and everyone knew they could readily trade it for other things. Dollars became money in a less natural way, because poeple were decieved into using them even after the gold standard was dissolved. But regardless, everyone sees them as valuable, even if the true value (gold) was sneakily taken away. I still know that I can buy most anything with dollars, because everyone wants them, and because of legal tender, etc.
So back to my point. The problem with bitcoin is that it's supporters think it can become "real" money if they can just ram it down everyone's throats. If only they can just convince all bitcoin's detractors that they're stupid and ignorant, and just don't understand the internet or math, then bitcoin will reign supreme.
If I'm skeptical about bitcoin because of the Mt. Gox crash, or because I'm worried about the safety of bitcoins on a flash drive or my hard drive, and I use that as an argument about bitcoin, bitcion supporters would say I'm ignorant, and should just understand bitcoins more. That just isn't how it works. There has to be very little of that risk involved if you want to call bitcoin money.
People must choose bitcoin freely and naturally for it to be accepted as money. It can't change over $50 in price every week. It can't be stolen so easily if, God forbid, grandma leaves her bitcoins in the "Bitcoin" folder on her desktop. Exchanges like Mt. Gox can't be crashing.
Sure, bitcoin is useful for anonymous transactions online, and transferring money easily over long distances. But the sad truth is that from outside the fan club, bitcoin is scary as shit. I think bitcion supporters could use some perspective on that. The dollar is shitty enough, people don't need an even riskier currency.