@_author: antibuddhawong
@_date: 2017-08-13 20:04:11
Whether or not your computer components are damaged, or have their lifespan reduced, depends on how hot you run them and how much the fans run. Most people who mine continuously 24/7 try to keep below 75c, some people prefer 70c or a little less, and use components with high quality fans that last longer for continuous use. Dual ball-bearing fans are usually as good as it gets for STOCK air-cooled GPU's you get from companies like MSI, EVGA, ASUS, etc., but if you go aftermarket cooler or hybrid cooler, it opens up the possibility of fluid dynamic bearing or FDB fans and other fancy fans like Corsair maglev fans that can have many years of life used continuously.
Also, you cannot profitably mine Bitcoin with GPU/CPU anymore, they have been replaced by specialized equipment, or ASIC equipment, that are designed specifically for efficiently mining SHA256 coins. You can't compete with them with GPU/CPU, you will lose money due to electricity cost even if you pay 1/5th national average of USA. You have to get Bitcoin ASIC miners if you want to do that, but be sure to calculate electricity cost/cooling your home costs, and know that difficulty will almost always increase.
Unless you have some of the lowest electricity cost in the world, it is very difficult to profitably mine Bitcoin. GPU mining for alt-coins is possibly a different story, right now people can profitably mine alt-coins with GPU's even with average USA electricity rates, but how long this will last we can only guess.
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:15:01
Fire the stupid potato!
@_date: 2017-08-11 01:01:34
Educated people think crypto-currencies is a scam because they are either ignorant or unintelligent. Crypto-currencies not preferable to existing methods of payment for everyday transactions yet though, that may take many years. The first coin to finally trump credit cards with all their perks could become the dominant currency.
@_date: 2017-08-08 03:43:03
Tesla didn't care about economics or currencies. He dedicated his life to science and a bird.
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:14:35
I'm sure your writing is deep, but I can't read it because it is making me cross-eyed.
@_date: 2017-08-14 05:43:13
Incredible amount of wrong statements. Try to wrap your head around the fact that people are willing to pay ~$4000 per Bitcoin and people are not willing to let go of their Bitcoin below that amount of USD, that means buyers and sellers value Bitcoin at that price okay? There may be a lot of speculating going on, but that doesn't change the fact that people are treating Bitcoin more and more as something of value which is desirable, and which people would transact goods and services for.
Any currency does not have much intrinsic value, whether paper, gold, seashells, etc., the value assigned to it by people is its value. Bitcoin has some advantages over over currencies, and yes a lot of disadvantages right now, but haha your $0.25 per Bitcoin deserves nothing more than a laugh.
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:21:08
I will give up 150GB of free disk space to help wipe that smug smile off Jihan Wu's face.
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:24:51
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:25:02
Someone wanted to buy a big house/yacht.
@_date: 2017-05-19 15:07:55
It could go to zero if many banks and countries try to suffocate bitcoin to death by closing accounts or fining people who transfer to or from crypto exchanges.
As for how high it could go, I see its potential being greatly crippled by the inability to implement positive changes without Jihan's approval, and I think one or two of the other digital currencies that are functionally better will likely skyrocket past bitcoin in the long term. $10,000-20,000 maybe, but how can a coin with so many problems ever get mass adoption? Why would people choose bitcoin over the other coins? Also I think a lot of people buying bitcoins are doing it as a speculative investment and a lot of them will move over to other digital currencies if bitcoin keeps having Jihan issues, especially once the other coins become big enough and stable enough that people won't go for bitcoin over the other coins because it seems more stable. A decent number of people use bitcoin for large transactions/hiding transfer of wealth so it will still have some purpose there for a while, but only a small and shrinking minority see it as a functional currency for everyday transactions, and I think that will make it difficult for bitcoin to skyrocket in price beyond what it is at now.
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:00:10
Ok sorry. Is it possible to stop core?
@_date: 2017-05-27 05:05:22
I don't understand a lot about this issue, but I think some people like Jihan Wu deserve to be banned from having anything to do with Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:40:34
Cars depreciate in value a lot, and it will accelerate even further over the next few years for these reasons:
1. It will take 5-15 years before autonomous vehicle technology is fully matured and are legally allowed to be used in cars in most countries. Many cars a few years behind in the same model won't be allowed to be used as fully autonomous vehicles and will have their value greatly reduced.
2. Self-driving cars will mean self-driving taxis and public transportation vehicles that can operate 16+ hours a day without a driver, greatly reducing the cost of transportation and therefore the need and value of privately-owned vehicles.
3. Electric vehicles will be increasingly designed for longevity and replacement/maintenance of parts like battery/interior furnishing so that they can be cost-effectively maintained and used for a long time in private/public transportation fleets. The market will eventually be crowded by vehicles that last decades and won't be junked for usual reasons like dead gas engine or car accidents, and manufacturers will cut prices to keep competing in a shrinking market.
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:04:38
Looks like advertisement for "Kidnap me, will give away private keys as ransom". But very nice blue background and bitcoin colors!
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:15:21
You fucking idiot. War massively increased debt, the same way the US debt has become massive due to war. If they put millions of people to work making bombs and weapons, you think there is no cost? Those people should have been put to work farming and producing actual goods.
Okay serious, if anyone reading this for some reason believes anything Pumpernix says, you are an idiot too. I'm out of here.
@_date: 2017-05-30 03:17:52
I think whether Bitcoin will stay the largest digital currency will depend on how this plays out. Bitcoin now is not a currency, it's a speculative investment to many and an asset to some. I support anything that will make Bitcoin usable for buying coffee without paying an extra 1-2 coffees equivalent in fees. I also support banning Jihan Wu, reject all Bitcoins mined by his Antminers, as punishment for screwing up Bitcoin so much.
@_date: 2017-05-28 03:45:11
I said multiple times bitcoin can be infinitely divisible IF they choose to make that change. If bitcoin becomes so valuable that it is required, I don't see why the miners would be against it.
Anyway I think your understanding of economics is fucked so I'm out of here.
@_date: 2017-05-27 04:20:58
Japan legalizing Bitcoins I can see affecting Bitcoin prices, but I don't see how Fibonacci has anything to do with it.
@_date: 2017-05-11 04:24:10
I think bitcoin won't crash unless laws are passed making it too much trouble to use. I think you made a good investment.
@_date: 2017-05-19 13:49:47
"Is that anarchy or chaos or both?
Where do you get them? There are about 50 Bitcoin exchanges, 2 in the US, 7 "international," the rest in somewhat civilized countries, including one in China. Comfortable yet?"
What has to be going through his mind to generalize countries this way? Is US the only world superpower and sole possessor of the atomic bomb, and other countries fit either into "international", a group of countries devastated and recovering from the aftermath of WWII, or "somewhat civilized", a group of countries still practicing subsistence farming and cultural revolutions, only worthy of our mirth and pity if we want to take time away watching infomercials of Wonderbread the healthiest food of the only civilized country on the planet.
@_date: 2017-05-28 16:25:26
There is something you really have to understand, your complete ignorance of subject matters and also of history does not in any way make you intelligent or correct. You are an idiot who is so wrong there is no hope for you, period, I am only responding to you because there may be people out there who for some strange reason think there is any truth to what you are saying, and I am obligated to not stand by and allow my posts to be misinterpreted by them because of your bullshit.
You don't know what you're talking about you make even school textbooks look smart. There is something called the "artificial creation of jobs", try opening that middle school US history text book you have in your backpack and reading instead of bullshitting so much out of your face-shaped asshole. The USA did this to get out of the great depression. Many countries have done this in the past. It is called getting people who aren't working to work regardless of the ready availability of money/credit, so that the infrastructure of the country becomes built up and people get the necessities you need, and a few decades later, presto, you have a powerful country, DESPITE whatever currency madness had been orchestrated by those in power to divest people of their wealth and bring their countries to economic ruin.
Put Hitler out of your stupid head.
Many countries have done make-work projects to improve their country.
Goodbye fool.
@_date: 2017-05-24 14:30:21
I think most of the people buying right now know about Bitcoin's history of price crashing and staying low a few years, and they don't care about any dips or crashes over the next few years, they are in it for the long term, 5+ years. I think any crashes from the price right now is unlikely since people seem to be buying it very fast and aggressively whenever the price takes a 100-200$ dip.
But I can see the price crash a decent amount if some governments try to prevent the use of crypto-currencies though, but at least in a few countries like Japan these coins will still be legal, and that will probably prevent a crash of more than ~50%.
And also I think the price of bitcoin in the short term and long term will depend very much on whether or not they are able to integrate important features and reduce transaction times/fees, and how smoothly it goes. If Bitcoin is able to implement the changes it needs to outcompete the other coins, then barring government meddling/banning or EMP attacks all over the world, the moon is the only place it can go IMO.
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:56:37
"I am not blaming bitcoin for the accumulation aspect, though the rate of accumulation is worsened by its finite aspect."
Maybe the main reason people like Bitcoin is that it is finite, because people are tired of governments printing as much money as they want to do god knows what with. As I said before, even if the wealthy minority accumulate and sit on 99% of Bitcoins, 1% outside of their control could be made infinitely divisible if designed that way. That 1% could then in theory be used for trade just as well as if there was 20 million Bitcoins in circulation. Of course, issues like transaction fees and times may or may not exist, and there is the fact that the wealthy minority could use their power to kill everyone financially or physically, but these things are completely separate issues from the infinitely divisible (if implemented that way) Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-29 14:01:43
Did Airbitz say they will support UASF? If not, I should probably switch to Mycelium right?
@_date: 2017-05-27 04:39:41
What drop?
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:16:53
The first purpose of currency is to facilitate the exchange of goods and services, which Bitcoin could do perfectly fine even if 95% is lost, if they ever resolve the slow transaction time and ridiculous transaction fee. You argue that the ability of remaining Bitcoins to purchase more when the total number of Bitcoins is reduced will result in stagnation in the exchange of goods and services, but in reality, people are more likely to spend valuable currency and people are more likely to exchange goods/services for valuable currency. To give an example, when the UK pulled out of the EU and their currency devalued, lots of people talked about or actually did go to the UK on vacation, in order to make use of currencies that were relatively more valuable to what the UK had to get more goods/services than they otherwise would. If I was a massage therapist, and I thought being paid with Bitcoins for giving a massage would give me enough money to buy a cake today, but in a month, to buy 1.33 of a cake, you bet I would be trying to get more Bitcoins by offering more massages, and if others also predicted higher Bitcoin value in the future they too would be more eager to offer more goods and services for it, and in general more and more goods will be exchanged, and more and more services will be rendered, thus making the world go round faster and faster 23 hours in a day.
The second purpose of a currency is storage of wealth, which would be negatively affected if they implemented anything you suggested. Deflation is good, "redistribution of wealth" ideas are bad.
I'm not saying Bitcoin is perfect for trade or storing wealth, Jihan Wu and his $2.50 fees is proof Bitcoin has serious issues making it useless for an incredible amount of potential transactions. And I think loss of bitcoins whether to forgetting your private keys, computer being hacked, or whatever, is a flaw. IMO an ideal digital currency should implement in itself fool-proof protection against theft, lost, and death. In these ways I think digital currencies available today are not yet perfect storage of wealth.
@_date: 2017-05-24 19:11:54
Beautiful analogy.
@_date: 2017-05-13 13:19:59
I wouldn't be surprised if it's Bill Gates doing this so people keep upgrading Windows and keep using Windows Update.
@_date: 2017-05-25 13:46:18
I think a lot of people are investing into it now to hold, speculating that it can go much higher, and a good amount of people investing to hedge against devaluation of currency, especially in some countries like Brazil.
Correction of 50% might happen IMO, but it will keep going upward trend. Only way I see it crashing and staying down is if laws are passed to make bitcoin too hard to use.
@_date: 2017-05-27 22:19:40
What's the difference between 70 billion people and 7 billion people? It's just a digit.
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:59:29
Is there someone here who knows the topic very well who can make a new thread on UASF, why we need/want it, the problems that happen if we don't have UASF or if other implementations are done instead, and detailed instructions on effective ways to help support it, i.e. how to set up signaling and emailing exchanges.
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:52:14
There's places like Gemini where you can buy and sell bitcoins. You have people saying they want to buy at X price, and you have people saying they want to sell at Y prices. When X and Y match, an exchange happens.
If a rich person goes crazy and buys a lot, the price can go up a good amount. If a rich person goes crazy and sells a lot, the price can go down a good amount.
If overall confidence in bitcoin's expected profits goes up, more people want to buy it than sell it, and people will offer to pay more for bitcoins, so that they can get their hands on bitcoins. If overall confidence in bitcoin's expected profits goes down, more people want to sell it than buy it, and people will offer their bitcoins for less money so that they can get rid of their bitcoins.
Many things can affect people's confidence in bitcoin. Governmental policies have had massive effect on the price of bitcoin in both directions, and I think they are able to kill bitcoin or make bitcoin extremely valuable. News can introduce millions to bitcoin and get a lot more people investing, or talk bad about bitcoin and make people try to pull out in fears of a crash. Rich investors could make bitcoin value skyrocket and build so much confidence that people want to be hodlers forever, or they could make bitcoin value crash and reduce confidence enough to cause a long lasting crash.
IMO most people who are still buying up bitcoins today already know how volatile and risky it is and are doing it for the long-term. Any pump and dump attempts to reduce confidence will only fuel their appetite.
@_date: 2017-05-29 03:38:06
Agreed. Credit cards have its issues, but it has financial and buyer-protection benefits which Bitcoin has no intention of providing at least right now.
1. Near instant transactions, and sad to say, also much cheaper transaction fees for both merchant/customer for most low-value transactions.
2. Get 30-60 days of time after transactions to pay.
3. Protection against loss of funds from a huge variety of ways (theft, death, loss of card, forgetting all login information, unauthorized purchases, defective/wrong goods/services,etc.), and some cards will offer full refunds for things which would never otherwise be refunded (i.e. full refund if I miss/cancel a flight due to personal/flying companion illness or to death of someone related to me even living halfway around the world).
Not being subject to unlimited inflation is the only real advantage I see from Bitcoin, so unless it implements the most important protections you get from traditional financial tools, I don't see it ever supplanting them.
@_date: 2017-05-22 13:49:20
TLDR version: More bitcoin value= more sex
@_date: 2017-07-16 20:58:27
Correction, I can buy 5 euros worth of BTC and get 2.5 euros worth of BTC because of 2.5 euros worth of BTC fees, and then I can buy 0 euros worth of goods and services from vendors who accept BTC because of 2.5 euros worth of BTC fees.
@_date: 2017-05-28 03:28:55
I'm repeating myself once more. The first purpose of currency is to facilitate the exchange of goods and services. That means encouraging people with land/oil/trees or other necessary/desirable assets/resources to trade them to people who need/want them, encouraging baby food/cat bells/airplane manufacturers etc. to keep on making things which people need/want, encouraging murderers in uniforms (soldiers)/nurses/monkey trainers to keep on providing services which people need/want.
What is required in a currency which can encourage the above?
1. It must be considered valuable, in the sense that others will be willing to exchange their goods/services for it, and in the sense that it will be a good place to store wealth. Bitcoin fits the bill, and even better than existing currencies, it is designed to not suffer from inflation at the whim of governments.
2. It must be secure. Bitcoin fits the bill somewhat, but again I think the ideal currency should have fool-proof protection against theft, loss, and death.
3. It should be easy and cheap to use in transactions. Bitcoin is shit here for a lot of low cost transactions, but it is possible this will be fixed in the near future. If not, I will abandon Bitcoin. If it is fixed despite Jihan Wu, well then Bitcoin would be pretty darn good as a currency.
I repeat, IF stagnation happens in any economy, it is usually the fault of greedy shits getting in the way of people trying to take part in the economy and make a living. I know a lot of people will take offense at this, but a certain German leader turned a country from one where most people sat around doing nothing but starving into a country where people worked and made drastic improvements to the infrastructure of the country and to the standard of living of the people, to the point that country became powerful enough to try to wage war against many other countries. He used some form of currency yes, but that isn't what made that country pull itself up by its bootstraps. The most important thing in any economy is to make sure people keep on working, build up the infrastructure, grow food and make clothes, etc., and money or credit can then be used to represent that labor and be used in exchange for all of the goods and services that come from that labor. Another important thing too is try not to declare war on the continent you're on lol.
If you see people sitting around doing nothing twiddling their thumbs, is it because there isn't a perfect currency available? No, it's because you got shithead politicians who want people sitting around doing nothing not producing anything. Other countries where people are working like crazy and giving massive growth to the economy it is because the politicians are trying to stimulate the economy, giving out money and credit like candy, making laws and policies that encourage economic growth, etc.
@_date: 2017-05-28 04:57:28
How did Nazi Germany become big enough before they could murder Jews and prisoners of war?
You are ignorant to the extreme. I feel dirty wasting my time trying to teach you stuff.
@_date: 2017-05-22 18:16:56
I don't like taxation either, but if my relatives are trusting me with their money, I'm not going to do things that get them fines or prison time.
If anyone here would like to share some way for us to pay zero tax, I'd be more than happy to do what's needed to not pay taxes.
@_date: 2017-07-16 05:15:57
Your face built it from the ground up. Enjoy $2-3 fees.
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:20:13
You mention transaction fees. Yeah, I think Bitcoin's transaction fee and transaction time are ridiculous, and if these things are not fixed soon, I am most likely going to sell most of my investment in Bitcoin.
You mention bitcoins being accumulated by a minority. This is not Bitcoin's fault, this is greed's fault. You think Bitcoin is the only thing that is vulnerable to this? The rich getting richer while the poor stay poor happens in almost all countries, with almost all currencies, with almost all assets. If you have a lot of people play games with play money, the same kinds of people will always come out on top owning almost all of the assets and money. The cheaters, the psychopaths, and those who are greedy as hell always end up on top in most systems. The minority own the land, the minority own the resources, the minority own the money, what's new? Yes Bitcoin has its issues, but I think you are pretty confused if you think Bitcoin can somehow be responsible for stagnation in the economy, because it ain't Bitcoin, it's cheating psychopathic greedy people.
If you wanted to prevent financial inequality, you'd probably have to have a economic and political system in place that greatly limits people's ability to accumulate wealth, i.e. do not allow people to inherit money/assets of dead relatives, but instead return it to the state/the people after death. I wouldn't necessarily be against such a system if done right, but let's be honest here, people are too greedy to do it properly.
@_date: 2017-05-27 03:54:03
What does Fibonacci have to do with bitcoin prices?