@_author: anticapitalist
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:28:02


Again, people do not agree on economic theory, economic definitions, etc.  And when right-wingers try to "define" left-wingers views (instead of asking them) that is dishonest propaganda.
I scrolled over your post and see a bunch of logical fallacies.  eg you assume there's "valid economic theories" (what the wealthy say..) and you accuse me of saying Marx's opinions are "valid."  My point was not that Marx's views were valid or invalid (what a silly concept,) my point was that Marx (and the other historic socialists) sought to abolish not all property, but exploitative property, and abolish the state.
*Debunking all of your views.*
Frankly, I've already debunked everything you said in my previous replies.  Reread.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:18:03


I explained what historic socialists advocated, and you are in denial of that.
I have debunked everything you have said, reread.
@_date: 2018-01-24 03:41:14


*ie, I never said there would be no markets.*  Co-ops &amp; non-exploitative businesses could function in a market.  


Actually worker owned co-ops exist and are doing fine.  
Every capitalist in the world could try to redefine what historic socialists said &amp; advocated.  It would not matter, since capitalists do not define socialist's beliefs.  


Actually capitalism is a violent attempt to minimize worker owned co-ops.  


If slave made goods were selling in a black market, that would not mean it was a good thing.  And frankly it's often a lack of information by consumers who don't know the details.  eg buying a simple shirt doesn't give you a report on the human rights conditions of the child who made it.  
That information needs to exist to stomp out exploitation based goods.  The consumer needs more info- worker wages, human rights, worker ownership, etc.
@_date: 2018-01-26 01:57:26


Because you're irrational- the socialism movement (as it is now) is *still* a movement of workers to stop exploitation, such as worker's co-ops.
Basically, you're "not interested" in what socialism actually is because your only interest is attempting to *redefine* socialism as something else.
Aka, the straw man logical fallacy.
@_date: 2018-01-25 14:56:28
You are not being serious.
Actually, I mentioned Marx, Engels, etc to explain what historic socialists believed.  It's nothing like "the bible is true because it says it's true."  
- "you can tell historic socialists believed in non-exploitative personal property... because they said exactly that."
Deal with it.


You are not interested in debating socialism.  You want to slander the word "socialism", because that's all you know.  You can not have a debate with socialists, all you can do is spam reddit posting misinformation.
You think you are being intellectual, ironically.
@_date: 2018-01-26 17:48:35
You're lying to yourself.  You keep saying "modern" to *assume* the worker/socialism does not want non-exploitative labor.  
You hear on TV about "socialist roads", "socialists health care" for state run stuff.  That's idiotic.  That's not socialism, &amp; you are in denial of such.
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:37:23




-- Manifesto ch2.   
What he wanted to abolish:   


-- ch2   
What he supported: 
 - "communism has no longer to 'abolish' any 'personal property' but, at most, has to equalise the distribution of 'feudal possessions', to introduce égalité there."   
 
--marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1845/german-ideology/ch03d.htm   
ie, Marx (by "abolish private property") didn't mean all property:
1. He defined "private property" as property used to exploit.   
2. And he endorsed "personal property", eg worker's co-op property, etc.
Next, let's talk about the next myth I'm sure you've been taught to believe in: "Socialist states."  There's no such thing.  "Communism" is the stateless society communists seek, not the temporary state which exists to defeat capitalist's states.  
 - "The state will inevitably fall. Society, which will reorganise production on the basis of a free and equal association of the producers, will put the whole machinery of state where it will then belong: into the museum of antiquity, by the side of the spinning-wheel and the bronze axe.”   
-- Engels @ marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1884/origin-family/   
- "We do not after all differ with the anarchists on the question of the abolition of the state as the aim. We maintain that, to achieve this aim, we must temporarily make use of the instruments, resources, and methods of state power against the exploiters"
-- Lenin
- "Engels says that all socialists recognize that the state will disappear as a result of the socialist revolution."
-- Lenin
- "So long as the state exists there is no freedom. When there is freedom, there will be no state. "
-- Lenin
Anyways, a state could be controlled by workers (or people who seek to protect workers from assault by exploiters), and that could be called a "socialist controlled state."  But it would not be a "socialist state", since the state != the workers.  


To act like everyone agrees what economic words mean is not serious. 
Anyways, to conclude this, it is not the fault of Marx or others who sought a stateless socialist society that others (from billionaire families in the USA to Stalin) have tried to take &amp; redefine their language.
If you want to be a serious intellectual you can rant against "state controlled economies" (such as the USA...), that's fair.  But you can not honestly call that an attack on socialism.
Socialism is not some vague concept, it is the worker's themselves (eg a worker co-op) owning their means of production.
**Marx:**   
- "there was in store a still greater victory of the political economy of labor over the political economy of property. **We speak of the co-operative movement, especially the co-operative factories raised by the unassisted efforts of a few bold “hands”. The value of these great social experiments cannot be overrated. By deed instead of by argument, they have shown that production on a large scale, and in accord with the behests of modern science, may be carried on without the existence of a class of masters employing a class of hands;** that to bear fruit, the means of labor need not be monopolized as a means of dominion over, and of extortion against, the laboring man himself; and that, like slave labor, like serf labor, hired labor is but a transitory and inferior form, destined to disappear before associated labor plying its toil with a willing hand, a ready mind, and a joyous heart."    
-- Marx   
@_date: 2018-01-26 15:58:53
You're still in denial about what socialism is.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:59:46


No no, that's more vague speak.  The capitalist class is the absentee owner social class, the opposite of when the worker's own their personally used means of production.
You can't let the wealthy control your understanding of language.  They like to say "capitalism is freedom" and so on, which is absurd.
Capitalism is not some vague-speak about liberty: it's a specific property system where the capitalist class owns practically all the best land &amp; natural resources (and thus the means of production).  
Such removes the liberty of the public to own such land/resources &amp; thus the means of production.
In short, all states are police states.  All states run state controlled economies.  Including capitalist police states.  Capitalism is a police state for the billionaire social class, the massive inheritor, &amp; other super wealthy exploiters, where the state ignores if the entire point of some land ownership is parasitism.  
While socialist favor the *individual* ownership rights of normal people.  Even the poor.  We want even the poorest individuals to all have individual land ownership  ("personal property") and not only own their own personal home, but their own personal means of production.
And that can be done by simply not enforcing more than a certain amount of land ownership.  And thus, there would be enough land for every individual.  (Instead of a social order of wealthy 'land owners' and the masses of generally landless people forced to serve them.)


The capitalist's state exists to minimize worker ownership, and sometimes workers (despite all that violence &amp; oppression) manage to get through.
But to say the workers did it, and credit the violent parasites oppressing them (eg the very wealthy who own/control the state) is not fair.
That's a lot like if a guy managed to not got robbed in a state of muggers.  "You didn't get robbed, under muggerism.".....
- worker ownership is *the opposite* of absentee owner (capitalist) ownership.  
- Worker ownership *eliminates* the capitalist.  (Eliminates the violent parasite redistirbutor social class.)
I quickly scrolled over the rest of your post, and to be frank, you are still not trying to be serious.
eg when I said consumers (due to misinformation or lack of information) could buy slave made goods over more ethically produced goods.
And you responded "I’m sorry, did someone put a gun to your head to buy a shirt?"
You missed the point.  Severely.
You're not even debating.  I'm debating (x is true because y evidence/reasoning.)  And you're just making random retorts to make it *appear* that you are debating with me.
If you would like to seriously learn about how economies function, you're going to have to start out by admitting that capitalists do not define all words.  You have to actually ask socialists want type of ownership they want.  They may disagree, but *historic* socialists wanted (after maybe a temporary state) a stateless market of worker's co-ops.  Some socialists want this to "evolve" into a mostly volunteering economy.
But you have to ask and learn what socialism is before you start ranting about it.
Simply regurgitating the rich's views does not impress anyone, and is not being serious.
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:14:31


*You* can not debate socialism without understanding what it is first.  Notice the italics.  While this is true for everyone, I'm focusing on you.  
And since you can not rationally argue what socialism is, you can not debate it.
It's like if you went up to a man calling himself a "peaceist", and instead of asking his views, you said " a peaceist is defined by all people of state authority status as someone seeking militaristic world domination."
That's not being rational or serious.  I have debunked everything you've said.  Reread this, and my previous replies until you can comprehend them.