@_author: antichr1st
@_date: 2014-04-25 01:31:33
I think you overestimate how much of a problem they'd be, am I right to assume you have no military experience?
I'm kinda working on what I know from my national service (Norwegian army recon), but this is roughly how I see it.
Assuming a properly coordinated and trained force consisting of atleast 10 members I would be (relatively) comfortable going up against civilians outnumbering us 10-1 in a straight up firefight while still assuming we'd suffer few casualties, you be surprised how difficult it is to hit a moving target who uses cover correctly and shoots back at you with reasonable accuracy (civilians generally do none of these things btw).
If long term combat and harassment was possible (basically, if they didn't have significant reinforcements coming), expected casualties could easily hit 1 to zero (the 1 is only there to compensate for possible bad luck).
And like I said, they won't have to fight every town, they will have to fight 1 town, make the results bad enough that the word spreads and the rest will pay up rather than risk being next.
PS: I haven't been downvoting either, similar reasoning.
@_date: 2014-04-27 02:14:14
This is gonna be a massive wall of text, apologies for length beforehand, will try to break it up into paragraphs for readability.
PART 1, battle effectiveness:
The level of training influences the importance weaponry makes. It doesn't really matter if a civilian is using an AK47 or an M4 as he won't be particularly accurate anyway, but for a soldier the M4 is gonna increase the hit rate a great deal.
The thing that most people forget is proper use of cover, civilians tend to go out of cover whenever reloading, it's the one mistake every does constantly in boot camp (I know, you'd think that was easy but people tend to underestimate how low they have to stay and when they have to do something like reload they stop focusing on it). We ended up spending the evenings doing reloading and weapon jammed exercises under our beds so we'd be forced to stay low.
The cover thing is horrible misunderstood aswell, despite what Hollywood would like you to believe, a car door is not cover, a car is bad cover at best (it's engine block or you might aswell just drop it), a wooden wall is not cover either, a 5-10 cm thick wall of cement IS cover, but only for about 5 seconds of sustained fire. First week of bootcamp they take you to the firing range and just go over everything people hide behind in movies and just shoot through it.
There's also a fuckton of other small stuff, for example I could reload my primary weapon in 4.6 seconds (old mag goes in the pouch on your leg, new mag in, all pockets closed again). Most civilians won't be able to do that in twice that time without throwing away the old mags. Norwegian soldiers have to be able to refill an empty mag in 45 seconds (no quickloader allowed), that's a lot harder than it sounds. There's a million small things like that that enhances your ability to fight.
Basically, there's a lot to fighting that you simply won't understand untill you've received some proper training in it. Guns aren't as great as they seem, it's easy to hit a target at the range, shooting a human being that is moving and fighting back is something completely different. People romanticize guns as "the great equalizer", especially for women, this is actually really dangerous as it makes people confident enough to walk in areas they shouldn't because they think their gun will protect them. However, against a even halfway trained opponent it means nothing. If I wanted to assault a woman I would (I don't btw, just to have that clear), a gun wouldn't matter because, unless she goes around shooting anyone who comes withing 20 feet of her, I would be able to make her a non-threat faster than she could actually shoot me.
I understand how it much seem implausible for someone with no training on the matter, it surprised me too how massive a difference just a few months of training made and I was living it and watching it, give someone proper training and some experience and it's amazing how dangerous they can become.
Here's something to make it clearer, during the battle of Mogadishu (watch Black Hawk Down if you haven't seen it before), there was 160 US soldiers with some helicopters and vehicles, they'd been there for a while and had gotten complacent, many did not bring vital gear, they where also hampered by the fact that they had orders to not shoot unless shot upon (to avoid civilian casualties). They fought between 4 and 6 thousand enemy fighters who varied from experienced (but badly/not trained) militia to civilian fighters. The sortoff civilian force were fighting in their home turf, in a city (city fights are heavily skewed towards he with the greater numbers), they were defending (which is much, much easier , especially in a city they control, every window and every roof is an opportunity), they had been warned the US soldiers where on the way and they managed to catch the US forces somewhat by surprise. 
Still, despite being outnumbered by, at best 25-1, the end result was that the American forces suffered 19 dead and some 80 wounded while the enemy suffered between 315 killed and 800 wounded (from their own numbers, which are probably skewed heavily in their favour) and 700+ killed with 1500+ wounded and 21 captured (US numbers, which are probably skewed in theirs).
This means that, at worst, while being heavily outnumbered in a foreign city against a highly motivated, well prepared, fortified enemy that vastly outnumbered them, the US forces managed a 16-1 kill ratio.
Now keep in mind that the Black Hawk Down is standard movie for boot camp, it's used as an example of how literally everything that can go wrong can do so simultaneously. It is quite literally the worst case scenario. That's the power of a trained and disciplined force.
PART 2, why people are loyal to their military and why mercenary groups are better than gangs:
As for the turning on commanders part.
Not really, but then I had mostly good officers, everyone who was directly above in the chain of command where great.
National armies use patriotism to ensure soldiers loyalty, the more clandestine parts (like military intelligence) prefer married people as they are less likely to defect as it would mean abandoning their families (can't trust hollywood at all).
Gangs work differently, they're a bit like a mercenary force but they're also like a national army and kinda like a group of morons. They utilize a brotherhood so to speak to keep their forces connected. The most important distinction is that they will not be as controlled as a mercenary force, they would be far more likely to do more violence and accept very high casualties for less pay out (and more likely to harm the people they are extorting as retribution for the casualties. Gangs tend to see casualties caused by their victims fighting back as the fault of the victim). They are basically just rampaging marauders compared to a trained mercenary force.
As for mercenaries. Blackwater (or Xe or whatever they call themselves atm) personel are paid a fuckton for their services, so are most mercenaries. They're not there to lead (or gain power), they want money and the things money gives you. They tend to be people who are very good at fighting, usually with it being their main talent and are willing to risk a lot for short term payout. These are not people who want power or attention (mercenaries are still used heavily, I know for a fact that UN personel in Syria has been using them as guards). They're not interesting in usurping any commander and they won't give up until there's a no win scenario (as the higher the cost was the more they want the payout). He who doesn't pay his forces will be abandoned in favour of those who do. Think of it like how Pirates shared the spoils, the Captain didn't get all the money, they removed what is needed to repair the ship and pay for costs, then the captain got a share and a half (or two shares, depending on the crew), the quartermaster, the doctor, the first mate, the gunner and the boatswain got a share and a quarter (or a half, depending on the crew). Basically, one share for each, slightly more for those with extra responsibility.
As for the extortion part, gangs are going to go overbord, mercenaries will not. Again, think of it like the pirates from the 17th. They took alot, but not so much that life became impossible, you could recover from a pirate raid. They boarded boats but they didn't kill people unless they fought back, this effectively discouraged people from fighting back. They could fight back, possibly die, or they could let them have goods, which was a pain but nobody dies and they can work another day. Smart people don't tax hard enough that fighting back or dying becomes the only possibility.
@_date: 2014-04-24 15:17:06
Armed civilians are still civilians, even fighting in a chokepoint they'll still need to get lucky against real soldiers. Once you've won you can make an example of the first and the rest will stop resisting.
@_date: 2014-04-25 00:57:56
Offcourse the disarmed village is gonna be easier (simply as they won't even have the ability to fire back), my point was just that for a trained force a civilian (or 'several civilians) with weaponry is not a significant problem. Once you bring them down you can make an example of someone at which point it doesn't really matter anymore if they are armed or not as people will do as you say from that point on simply to avoid being the next example.
Civilians are generally less likely to accept an early death than soldiers, odds are good that as long as they can get away by sacrificing something less important to them instead of fighting and risking their own lives they will.