@_author: antifactual
@_date: 2018-11-01 01:45:42
I've been reading that mailing list again, I've just arrived at the announcement of Bitcoin v0.1, and I hadn't noticed before how Satoshi mentions "You can get coins by getting someone to send you some, or turn on Options-&gt;Generate Coins to run a node and generate blocks. " I like how it was just an option to generate coins when the difficulty was so low.
I also like Hal Finney's (RIP) thought experiment:
"As an amusing thought experiment, imagine that Bitcoin is successful and becomes the dominant payment system in use throughout the world.  Then the total value of the currency should be equal to the total value of all the wealth in the world. Current estimates of total worldwide household wealth that I have found range from $100 trillion to $300 trillion. With 20 million coins, that gives each coin a value of about $10 million."
And then Satoshi's reply:
"I would be surprised if 10 years from now we're not using electronic currency in some way, now that we know a way to do it that won't inevitably get dumbed down when the trusted third party gets cold feet.
It could get started in a narrow niche like reward points, donation tokens, currency for a game or micropayments for adult sites.  Initially it can be used in proof-of-work applications for services that could almost be free but not quite. "
@_date: 2018-11-13 02:04:02
You've personally locked away 0.0001% of the total supply. Sorry for your loss. You're still better off then the vast majority of people.
@_date: 2018-11-07 00:48:34
There's some truth there. Mining is the cost of preserving the longest chain, which is the store of wealth in Bitcoin. Kings needed castles and empires to protect their gold reserves. I mean, people have literally dug out mountains in order to store and protect their wealth. You can also argue that the USD certainly requires a lot of energy in the form of a navy and an airforce.
But even if those statements were false, you can still make an argument that crypto mining could actually spur innovations in renewables. The highest efficiency wins, and that could mean research labs dedicating resources to solar and storage in order to beat the competition.
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:04:53
The cheapest energy sources ARE the most renewable. Harnessing radiation directly from the sun is the most efficient method of converting one energy source into another, from a physics point of view. Chemical reactions (those used in traditional fossil fuels) run at maybe 40% efficiency. That means that 60% of that is wasted. If your a miner, wasted energy is literally money, as it is for everything else in this world. That's why solar will eventually dominate the crypto mining industry, which has an ideal efficiency of 70% for multi-junction cells. It's also produced and stored in-situ (once battery and storage tech gets cheaper in a few years), which means zero transmission losses. 
edit: Governments could subsidize it, but they'd just be pushing the cost onto society, which admittedly is a problem. 