@_author: antlerstopeaks
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:53:12
If no one is buying things where does your money for food and shelter come from? People pay you to produce something of value that other people buy. If people stop buying things you stop being needed to produce things and you stop getting paid. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:33:28
What gives any currency it’s value is the countries ability to back it. This is done primarily through economic output or military might. There is no goal post moving, it’s all related to why people trust certain currencies over others. 
The units are not irrelevant. A small group of buyers could right now buy up almost every single bitcoin being traded and manipulate the price to whatever value they wanted or tank it completely. In a vacuum where there was only bitcoin and the adoption was 100% you would be right but there are other currencies that make these kinds of things important. As adoption goes up and if it is spread out some of that could be alleviated but even now a small group of people control a significant % of the available bitcoins. If one week of people entering the market can cause you to go from a millionaire to not being able to afford your rent then your currency is not useful as a currency. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 13:52:11
I mean obviously it’s not a currency. I don’t think anyone is reasonably saying bitcoin is a currency. You can’t have a deflationary currency. If you can’t print more then it can’t reasonably be used as a currency. Economic value continues to grow over time which means your currency must also grow over time. This is why gold failed as a store of currency value. 
If you were to use bitcoin as a currency you’d concentrate the wealth 100x worse than our current system. As bitcoins got lost, and people accumulated them they would rise exponentially in value until the entire economy collapsed. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:08:38
Ahh yes noobs and weak hands. You mean the millions of people who just lost money on bitcoin and will likely actively vote and work against wide spread adoption and push towards centralization and regulation since they got screwed over? You mean those noobs? 
You want bitcoin to be wide spread and replace a steady and stable fiat yet you mock and cheer when people get screwed over by the “better” alternative. Now that so many people have been screwed the chances at adoption just went way down. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 20:10:21
I guess failed is the wrong word. Or a vast oversimplification. The perceived value of gold did not raise as fast as the economic growth of the country. Eventually there was more stuff than there was gold to back it. Thus we moved away from the gold standard and use an “unbacked” currency now. We just trust in the banks/government that our money has value. Gold obviously still has value and that value is in the usefulness of gold. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 17:17:32
Well you are welcome to disagree with every government and currency in the entire world, but those are the rules of the system and unless you have a large enough military to change it you need a currency that will play by those rules. 
Crypto currency is a great asset with many technological uses with a lot of value, but a currency is not likely. Another problem with a limited supply is that most of that limited supply is not liquid. As people hoard bitcoin waiting for its deflationary action to increase its price the actual price swings wildly since only a very small portion of the already limited supply is used to trade and set the value. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:25:41
In order to keep an economy healthy you want people buying and consuming things. This only happens when you value you thing you want more than the money you have. Some things are required like food and shelter but the main things that drive the economy are not. If your bitcoin is constantly rising in value then there is significant resistance to spend it. This slows the economy. Additionally value is always being created in an economy, i.e. economic growth. Everything in existence is worth X dollars today but next year there will be X+Y dollars worth of stuff. 
This leads to a race to the bottom. Becoming wealthy will be about how little bitcoin you can spend for the longest as your bitcoin constantly rises in value the longer you hold it. Job growth will slow, unemployment will rise and everything will collapse because it is more value able to hold a deflationary currency then it is to invest it in innovation and growth. 
It’s a good thing for assets to rise in value but a very bad thing for currency. You want currency to inflate at a rate similar to the growth of your economy or very slightly higher. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 12:16:18
The irony here is hilarious. The outdated and practically prehistoric bitcoin is talking about how it isn’t a fad that will be forgotten... meanwhile far more advanced and useful blockchain technology has already replaced it. 