@_author: anttheadventurer
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:43:06
Boosts to exports are short-term gains outside of the long-term trouble from deficit spending.  The US has gotten away with low-interest rates because of the troubling world events up until last year.  Weakening the dollar means we can expect some heavy inflation and an incredible rise in interest rates along with the GOP tax bill to balloon deficit/debt when we should be paying it down.  
Another thing to think about is how Oil is priced in dollars, weakened dollars will cause local oil price rises (a shock that hurts manufacturing mitigating the export boost), and Trump just issued a tariff on imported solar panels reducing the ability to offset electricity prices.  
I guess I glossed over the part where this is a pretty good indicator to keep hodling. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 00:53:35
Meet Misha,
This amazing woman studied Opera in college but eventually decided to enter finance as a profession. A complete boss, she worked for some extremely competitive firms before eventually being laid off when the recession hit.
At that point, she decided to explore her Chinese roots moved to Singapore to teach English for two years. She found a tiny street urchin one day and adopted her one true love, Hero. Since I have been with her we have adopted 2 more dogs, a cat, and fostered several of both in our tiny NYC apartment. 
Upon returning to the US, she reentered finance as a job, but had the bug to do something important. She began volunteering for organizations like Meals on Wheels, Dorot, and Manhattan ACC (Animal Control Center).
Working with animals is her true calling and she eventually quit her job to volunteer permanently. Now she walks these gorgeous beasts, takes photos with them, and writes amazing bios about there behavior. Even though she promotes them relentlessly on her Facebook and Instagram, many of these dogs are unfortunately euthanized due to space issues. Every time she is devastated but dutifully pastes on that smile gets her leash, and tries to save as many as she can.
The most common reason for a dog entering the shelter is owner surrender, often because of financial reasons such as the loss of a job, or the doggo getting sick. Her 501c3 charity “The Indigo Project” is fully approved and set up, has not had an official launch. She will fight to keep dogs with their families or use the rescue network to get them a new stable family without the chance of euthanasia.
Not only has she quit a six-figure job, but also has been drawing down her savings in order to do these amazing things. Please allow her to keep doing this amazing work by donating to the wallet I made for her.
I created a wallet for her, but have yet to use it. If anyone has advice on the best way to add one on her website please send me a message.
If you need a certificate of donation (tax form proof), reach out before you send anything so I can verify identity, and that the donation belongs to you.
Edited for grammar clarity and readability
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:44:44
Yeah, Stocks were primarily physical back then. All of the Investment banks actually had security vaults with all of their stock certificates.  At the end of the trading day they would send the physicals by armored car to each other to settle the trades.  It's the main reason most trades are in the 100 share size, and options are 100 share contracts.  It used to actually cost extra to buy an "odd lot" or non-100 number of shares.  
Look up "settlement cycle" to get a feel for it. 
Now everything except a few old exceptions is electronic and usually cleared through DTC, or similar.
@_date: 2017-08-17 21:41:19
This fall is the salt ico, look it up
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:30:05
I'll set up shop near Mare Tranquillitatis.
@_date: 2019-01-25 23:16:00
I think you are misguided on this post. I am going to drastically paraphrase since these topics fill textbooks.
The first problem is your definition of inflationary is off.  Inflation is a measure of purchasing power over time, so even if the available supply of Bitcoin was decreasing, but the cost of goods priced in Bitcoin was increasing, Bitcoin is inflating. Bitcoin is not currently at a point where inflation has any meaningful point other than as a long term comparison to changes in total supply (hence the non-inflationary argument).
What we can say about fiat currencies is every government has increasing supply built into their monetary policy. Because they have a constantly increasing supply of currency, they are able to print an increasing amount of it and retain the same marginal rate of \*inflation.  This is the opposite for Bitcoin where the total supply is fixed and the marginal change in supply decreases with every single block.  
1. Common people didn't trade gold in the 1500s, the market was very selective, vast amounts of time and effort for gold to change hands, mercantilism was still strong, and the economic power of a country was thought to be the gold in its coffers.  It is an apples to oranges comparison to the standard economies of today and Bitcoin in general. 
2. That was directly after the '70s period of Stagflation.  The US just came off the gold standard and fiscal/monetary theory had a lot of issues (still does). The US economy does not exist in a bubble.  High-interest rates, and restricted supply could not overcome recession, oil shocks, capital flights, international economics and inflation expectations (which has a very real effect on inflation). Inflation is a tug-o-war between several metrics, so using one fragment of monetary policy without all the other context is misleading at best.
3. Tulips are not a comparison in any way.  This has been talked about ad nauseam.  Just stop.  
4. Of course, price changes take time after the halvings. It only has a direct effect on the profitability of miners. Successful miners keep some cash and some coin on hand to weather the volatility storm.  Bitcoin mining is a perfect competition, so profits will trend toward zero. When the block reward cuts in half, many miners suddenly become unprofitable and there is a lead time before treasuries are exhausted. If the price was near equilibrium, it will trend upward as unprofitable miners run out of reserves, establishing a new equilibrium with a lower constant sell quantity.  Mining inputs are perfect substitutes, making the halving a game of treasury management, efficiencies, and price of the new equilibrium.  Because we know the exact schedule of halvings and Bitcoin supply the known changes are all priced in today. The uncertainties surrounding the halvings cause the price change.
Markets have a non-zero NPV for fiat because liquidity has value and the further away an event is the less of an effect it has.  Common-sensically you can't expect your job to pay you in donkeys, nor can you expect a pay raise of infinity because dollars will eventually inflate to worthlessness.
The prediction of Bitcoin price increasing after the halving is pretty obvious from a standard economic argument.  It doesn't need tenuous nonsensical points to back it up.
BTW markets don't predict inflation well, you can do regression analysis on treasuries vs TIPS.  There are too many variables to consider to predict future inflation with any measure of certainty.
@_date: 2019-01-29 17:05:09
I mean, your own quote . . . "Enlargement of prices." 
@_date: 2019-01-28 22:13:41
Absolutely not.  
When we break inflation into both definitions the single word is price inflation in common and academic/professional parlance.  
Monetary inflation does not describe the Bitcoin at the protocol level since, as already stated, issuance declines over time.  
Many forces other than issuance could cause monetary inflation and would make this post completely pointless if that's your argument.
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:46:23
Coinbase said they are going to support the segwit fork, but nothing about the Bitcoin gold fork.  
For gold you need to pull your coins into a private wallet (I use electum wallet on my desktop).  Then watch for news after the fork on how to get it.  
For segwit2x getting your coins safely might be a little more risky.  Read about what you have to do, and if you are not comfortable transfer everything back to coinbase and wait until you get credited with S2X before trading again.
@_date: 2018-12-10 12:21:38
Basically yes there is a buy and a sell order, and when one of the orders is executed the algo sets up a new buy and sell order.
Differently not badly.
In a down market, it outperforms the all-in strategy by the capital ratio.  In a sideways market, it performs based on the volatility.  When prices are increasing it will underperform an all-in strategy unless volatility is significant enough to overcome the difference.  
Basically, you will have a portfolio that is a fraction of Bitcoin beta, and pays dividends based on volatility.