@_author: anynamegoes
@_date: 2017-08-13 12:48:45
Thats a good advice, thank you :)
Your suggestion is how to save the words, making up my encrypted seed. But that requires, that I have been using some online service, such as Breadwallet, bitaddres or others, but creating the very seeds, right ? Meaning I again rely on a third part, or am I misunderstanding something here ? 
@_date: 2017-08-13 13:23:11
But how could I then create a seed in the very beginning ? Meaning dont I have to use some service/wallet for creating the seed the very first time ?
@_date: 2017-08-13 14:57:28
Thanks again for a very good answer.
So maybe I should just stick with Breadwallet :)
When you say "If you have the 12 words, you can load them into breadwallet on any phone. So you don't need the "same" wallet so to speak." Can I use these 12 words and load them into any other iPhone wallet also, or does it have to be Breadwallet ? I'm just thinking that if Breadwallet did not exist in for example 10 years, what would happen to my bitcoins then....
@_date: 2017-08-13 12:58:28
Thanks for your thoughts, I really appreciate it.
So bitaddress.org is THE VERY most trusted site for creating bitcoin paper wallets ? 
I admit, that I do not know much about it yet, so I keep asking. 
When creating a public and a private key, using bitaddress.org, am I then saving/storing anything at their service, or am I completely free of them afterwards ? Meaning, that I can use them once for creating the very public and private keys offline and then never use them again ? And they dont have access to any of this information, since I created it offline ?
You say that you check from time to time, that your bitcoins still are there. How do you do this ? Are you pasting your public address into blockchain.info and see them there, or how is it ?
When using Breadwallet, which I like a lot, I get a new public address for each transaction, so therefor I cannot open the app and copy that address and then paste it into blockchain.info...... because it is a new address each time. 
But I guees you can do it, when using your paper wallet, because it is printed and therefor is not being changed :)
I would really appreciate, if you could tell me a bit more about this :)
@_date: 2017-08-15 21:15:15
Hi there and thanks for your comments.
You say if I have small amounts I can do this. What if I have large amounts and need them secured in the safest possible way ?
I wonder how the big guys with massive values in Bitcoins, save their private keys.
@_date: 2017-08-13 16:55:51
Thanks for the advice, this sounds very interresting :)
So I can just make any private key myself and then use bitadress.org offline to create the public key from there ?
Is there any guides for how to do that ?
@_date: 2017-08-13 12:50:00
Thanks, but these can have hardware failures or can break, so therefore I am not that sure, if this really is the best solution.
Am I wrong ?
@_date: 2017-08-13 13:06:06
Thanks a lot for your advice.
I think I have something to learn yet. So the public addres, which is just a bunch of letters and numbers, and the private adress, which also is just a bunch of letters and numbers, create the very account ?
Or how is it ? 
I really appreciate any advice again :)
@_date: 2017-08-13 13:20:50
Thanks for your advice :)
So they are not storing my private keys ?  Sounds interresting :)
So if I had a hardware failure but I had written down the 12 words seed phrase, could I then retrieve my bitcoins from any online or hardware wallet ? Or do I have to retrive them using another hardware wallet of the same kind I started of with ?
Very glad for your advice :)
@_date: 2017-08-13 13:15:05
Hi there and thanks for your advice.
I understand what you say and that is exactly what I had planned to do, until I started reading about other solutions also.
But if I were to do what you suggest, I am still relying on Breadwallet, right ? 
I am brand new to this, so therefor all these questions. 
A thought : If some hacker managed to put some malware on my iphone, it could potentially be waiting until I would download any bitcoin wallet and then it could take screenshots, when I was reading the 12 word passphrase the very first time. 
This malware could do it to thousands of iphones and then suddenly it could empty all wallets in a second, before anyone noticed anything  and no one could take precautions. Or am I very wrong here ?
A question when using any online wallet, for example Breadwallet:
When I have created a wallet and written down the 12 word passphrase and then swiped my iphone..... can I then later on, go into any online wallet and retrieve my bitcoins, or do I have to use the very same wallet, that I used when creating the password ?
I appreciate any advice :)  