@_author: anythingcanbeadildo
@_date: 2015-06-17 11:26:57
What does that mean?  What fee am i paying by ising a credit card instead of bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:22:33
How will this make banking and ATMs obsolete?  Instead of having to find one of the millions of conveniently located machines that work instantly 24/7, I have to coordinate a meeting with some dude in a parking lot and get a handful of sweaty bills?  How is this remotely easier than using an atm or credit card. Plus it costs money every time you make a deposit or withdrawal, while almost every bank offers tons of free ATMs. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 08:05:51
I get that this is makes it easier for merchants to accept Bitcoin without risk. But why do people want to pay for something with Bitcoin when it is essentially just regular money. When you buy something pretty much everyone is going to just convert it to real money. So what's the point. Why not just pay with regular money in the first place. How is this better or easier for anyone aside from coinbase who makes a nice fee. When I pay with a credit card I don't pay a fee and often receive cash back rewards. Sure the vendor has to pay the cc company a fee, but why should I care about that. 
@_date: 2014-11-12 06:30:18
Or gnome could like, pick a different name. Like maybe one that isn't already trademarked. That would be a good business decision. Naming your company something that you can own.......
@_date: 2015-05-04 17:36:01
Bitcoin is interesting. But saying it's more stable than the US dollar is just a lie. No one is going to ever listen to Bitcoin pushers unless they speak about reality.  If the America dollar was even half as volatile as Bitcoin we would be in chaos right now. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 22:53:43
Never logged into my bank account and seen 5-15% more or less money than the previous day or hour.  I do see that daily in my bitcoin wallet though.  I'm not seeing how decentralization leads to stability.  Especially when new coins are constantly being made and dumped as quickly as possible by huge mining operations, constantly flooding the market with more and more coins for less and less buyers.
@_date: 2015-04-24 20:46:08
I think it's a cool idea and technology and the concepts behind it will eventually work its way into mainstream money systems.  But I truly believe that bitcoin itself will not be adopted in any meaningful way, I think it had a chance for a little while but its reputation in the eyes of the general public is far to damaged to recover.  To your mom and non geeky friend it was a pyramid scheme that bubbled over and disappeared a year ago.  I just don't see everyday normal people finding any utility in it.  It's not practical or easy to use and most people don't care about the things it is better than normal money at doing.  People are lazy and will do whats most convenient, I know how simple it seems to all of the bitcoin fanboys but it is in no way easier than using a credit card and unless someone can make it better than normal money from a user standpoint and its completely legal to use and regulated to some degree theres just no way anyones going to use it.
That said I'm not a hater, this is my true opinion.  I own some bitcoin still and I find it super interesting and the principle of it to be very cool.  But I just don't see it ever becoming a currency of the masses.  I would however love to be proven wrong...