@_author: anythingiwanttosay
@_date: 2014-01-29 10:19:57
We need you too badly for you to run yourself so ragged that you collapse! I would recommend that you  meditate, exercise, and good eating habits, but it's possible that you're hitting all of those bases and the jet lag and a hectic schedule erase the outward signs of the benefit these provide pretty quickly.
You're too important to crash! 
I realize that I sound like a crazed fan, but I often think about the kind of good you're doing for the world through spreading the right messages about bitcoin and how your tour might be tearing you down.
To be fair, you're as sharp as ever in your responses and nothing is missing in your presentation.  In fact, it seems you've added a new piece of material about emergent decentralized behavior in nature (the bit about leaf cutter ants).  That added some interesting color and dimension to the discussion that I haven't yet seen. Nice touch!
This was the most densely I've ever seen this information packed.  There are very smart, very busy people who might benefit a great deal from this way of packaging the bitcoin idea.
I've gushed enough.  Thanks for your hard work!  I'll head over to your Let's Talk Bitcoin address to tip you since I don't keep a lot of money in my reddit account. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 09:39:23
Expect attacks! Respond rationally or not at all! Use the tools at your disposal! If derailed, expose the nonsense for what it is and then shift the conversation to something productive.
I think you may be absolutely right.  I've been watching and reading this subreddit regularly, and there has been a recent influx of overly negative commenting from certain users.  
We can't allow ourselves to:
A) Fall for ridiculous traps in poor thinking.
B) Lose our heads and react wildly when calm, clear thinking is the right path (it kind of almost always is).
C) Decide not to fight when it is necessary.
I've caught myself falling into (C) recently, and I'm still not sure if I made the right decisions. I have a tendency to go "meta" in a discussion, because I believe getting a big picture view early on allows us to bypass meaningless or trivial garbage. 
I've had great cards to play in the form of rational thought that isn't driven by irrational anger, but I didn't play them because I allowed myself to think "this isn't my battle".  But in a sense, it's the most real battle there is.
Bitcoin looks to be the only tool I've seen in ages that REALLY ALLOWS the masses to innovate at the edges without permission.  I talk to people I know at work about it and their argument always boils down to "They'll shut it down".
They can't. Not without carving off their arms and legs.
The tool they have at their disposal is media. Reddit is a place where anyone can say what they want, so it's a perfect place to manipulate as well.  It's been super tricky discerning the real posts from the fake posts and the real comments and I think that may be part of the plan.  It would be ridiculously hard for me to dismiss a post by the core members of the Lets Talk Bitcoin network, so I imagine Andreas Antonopolous is a huge target for them. We must keep our heads and think as rationally as possible. We must consider the ideas we respond to and we must consider the effect of our responses.
I need to get going, but I felt I ought to contribute to this great post. I may be starting to get paranoid, because I now think that it's possible that OP may be just trying to draw out the most rational supporters of bitcoin so that they might be targeted. 
Expect attacks! Respond rationally or not at all! Use the tools at your disposal! If derailed, expose the nonsense for what it is and then shift the conversation to something productive.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:14:20
Excellent point, sir.  Great to see you here! 
@_date: 2014-03-19 07:07:15
This may not be worth saying since it's obvious that you're joking, but waiting for 6 confirmations isn't necessary. Somehow that idea really took hold, but it simply isn't true. Waiting for that many confirmations makes sense for a large transaction, like purchasing a car, because the seller is defending themselves against the risk of a double-spend.
In this case, the mugger has to think about the risk of getting caught while waiting, so it's smarter to book it after *propagation* through the network, which takes seconds.  
Again, it's obvious that you were joking, but I like to clear up important misconceptions if I can, and this one was easy.
[reference at bitcoinfaq.com](
@_date: 2014-01-05 03:36:21
I'll make the following suggestions for content:
1. Bitcoin isn't just a currency. It's a protocol that allows for parties to agree upon information without requiring trust.
2. Because it is open source and de-centralized, it can adapt to needs as they arise.
3. Although it appears anonymous, it is not currently anonymous by default.
4.  Since Bitcoin is not controlled by a central authority that is vulnerable to human, it is immune to the kinds of abuses people all over the world are continually subjected to. 
5. Because of its deflationary properties, it is reasonable to expect bitcoin to increase in value over the long term, but there is no guarantee whatsoever that this will be the case.  The current increase in price is due to the demand generated by adoption outpacing the scheduled decrease of supply.
I feel that these are important ideas that ought to shape the discussion about bitcoin.  A really clever person could break these ideas down concisely and pair the words with animations palatable to a large audience.
I should mention here that much of the above is just my attempt a rephrasing a ton of what I've heard on the Let's Talk Bitcoin podcast, especially Andreas Antonopolous. I hope I haven't mischaracterized any of these ideas. 
@_date: 2014-07-16 00:09:52
I've always had problems with this saying.
So many skate by, appearing to be intelligent just by hiding their stupid thoughts.  If your thoughts are stupid, shouldn't you be eager to have them corrected?  Surely, listening is key to that correction, but the fear of appearing stupid leads to 30 - 40 year old men and women holding fast to outdated and ineffective modes of thought and overall stagnation.
Shouldn't exploration, flexibility, and playfulness in thought and speech be regarded as equally strong virtues as silent and attentive listening?
@_date: 2014-03-20 09:18:03
I had the same message yesterday.  It freaked me out a bit, but then I remembered Andreas and co are on the case and everything will probably be fine.  Today, before the service went down, I was able to make a purchase. 
Don't wipe your info.
**Do** back up your wallet once service is restored.  
Blockchain.info is a service, they are not your wallet or bank. I almost like that this is happening.  It reminds us that I am in control of my funds, not blockchain.info et al. I I thank Andreas for putting the proper measure of fear in my heart early on in my Bitcoin adventures so that I would take the time and energy to learn how to properly set up a few paper wallets AND PUT THE PLAN INTO ACTION.
Bitcoin is a little scary folks. 
If you're going to put your money where your mouth is, have the good sense to put a little extra effort in to protect your investment. It takes a day to learn, at most.
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:47:40
I really hope he finishes it before someone shoots him. He's like a bitcoin Gandhi. I hope he has bodyguards. We need a smart, rational, clear-headed  idealist like him.
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:45:23
Good point.  It isn't a question of whether we can trust bitcoin, it's a question of who can we trust *more*.
@_date: 2013-11-30 14:38:39
Dude, you're looking at 30 minute time frame candles.  Even in the 1 minute time frame candles there may be very many "buys" and "sells" (On Mt. Gox, you're not moving dollars until you cash out).
@_date: 2013-11-30 02:30:53
Those are good burgers.
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:06:34
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:06:56
Should "fungible" be there as well?
@_date: 2013-11-28 01:43:22
What do we KNOW about people who are suddenly given lots of power in financial form who have not prepared for it at any point in their lives previous?
They spend it frivolously.
They get delirious with their new found powers and spend their money in ridiculous ways.
Some learn the discipline, but most just find ways to show off and forget who they are (somehow the survivors of the Black Death come to mind, spending their new inheritances on fancy clothes).
So what, right?
Well who *doesn't have to* spend their magic internet deflationary money?  The people who have a steady flow of inflationary government issued funny money.
The only time a big corporation or super-wealthy person will be inclined to use a large number of bitcoins is if they're *making a move*, that is repositioning themselves to make more money somehow.
I think we'll definitely see this, since this seriously disruptive currency will be at work shifting the tectonic plates beneath everyone's feet.
So we'll see a slow funneling upward of bitcoin into the hands of the already wealthy and bitcoin will remain scarce among the 99%.
Don't get me wrong, many will save, waiting for the right time to spend, but that will largely be an *avoidance* strategy, and not a true management, because it probably is either really easy to know what to do or ridiculously hard. Of the coins that are not lost or stolen amongst these bitcoin owners, very few will make it out into circulation.
When funneling has reached a point of equilibrium, the super-savvy amongst the hoarders will make a move, so as not to lose value due to low liquidity.  There will be a series of one-two punches involving both government issued fiat and cryptocurrencies. The major industries that sprang up around cryptocurrencies will be given a shot in the arm and a few (3-5) will emerge as absolute leaders at the level of Facebook, Google and Amazon.
Beyond this, my crystal ball goes a bit hazy ...something about electric self driving cars, foreign markets a.i. and green energy... too may cris-crossing paths -- something about a singularity...
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:23:18
A lot of people have a lot of things to say to each other.  It just gets lost in the mix because:
1) there's too much information
2) people are too lazy to discern the value in the information given
And this it's the most important:
3) most information looks bloody useless because we have established categories for information and we are not willing to look past them or temporarily suspend them. 
Thinking is hard.
Watch TV.
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:37:34
Would litecoin or some similarly valued cryptocurrency resolve this?
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:34:59
He's sometimes cuter.
That said, I hate cute.
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:05:01
Thank you! I'll take a look.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:08:04
If you're thinking in terms of what it will be worth tomorrow, you're absolutely right. If you think in terms of what you put forth to gain that purchasing power, the equation changes.
People want things *now*.
That's why people pay outrageous prices for things like convenient food, cars, houses, educations.  You could save up your money and die in a ditch somewhere, happy that you didn't spend your stash, but you would have saved at the cost of living happily and comfortably, which is a pretty high cost for most people.
I WANT certain people to profit immensely from my expenditure.  I'm thinking here of musicians and artists that I love.  I wish I could tip them in bitcoin, knowing that the effort I put forth to give them that value was minuscule compared to the value they can extract when the time comes for them to spend it.  It feels good knowing that I had the power to give that kind of purchasing power to someone that I truly appreciate.
I've tipped people who host podcasts that talk about bitcoin because they've contributed SO much to my understanding and enthusiasm about this interesting topic.  
I've also given away portions of BTC to people that listened to me talk about it. Sentences often are relatively poor replacements for direct experience.
I've purchased one real-world physical item as proof-of-concept.  In retrospect, I probably overpaid, but it may be a fair amount of time before people realize that if you want to get someone to part with their precious deflationary bitcoin, you have to reduce your price by about %30.  You WON'T make a profit immediately, but your profits come much later. Those who see that the goods get a discount if you're paying in BTC will want to pay in BTC, thus driving up the BTC demand, increasing the price as the supply dwindles. 
New paradigm, new strategies.  The game is changing.
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:21:31
Thanks for taking the time to reply. 
I'm usually pretty gung-ho about bitcoin, but I try to attack ideas I like to make sure they're secure.  
To be honest, until I become a coding master and I've checked every line of code I won't feel truly secure, but that is probably more of a problem with my personality than bitcoin.
I should add that I realize that many coding masters are already on the case and have a vested interest in making this work. They would guard against even *the appearance* of shifty coding because that would undermine the system as a whole.
@_date: 2013-12-03 01:56:04
Here's a question somewhat inspired by the Peter Schiff debate on his show today. 
He mentioned that the government is pretty powerful and able to marshall quite a bit of manpower, talent as well as technological resources.
Perhaps the network characteristic can be thought of as a weak point as well as an asset.  If some crazy block was distributed across the network that had the capacity to wreak havoc (let's say, encrypt everyone's wallets with some alternate scheme, wouldn't that destroy every existing wallet?
If I were a government (or some other heavily resourced malicious body) that wanted to make such a scheme take effect, I would wait until most (~80%) of the people who were going to have wallets had them. That way, I would have maximum effect.
It's the people's belief that the system will have worth in the future that keeps it going.  If a massive vulnerability is discovered that threatens every existing wallet, it will only make sense to have your money in bitcoin if you are just about to send a transaction. This would change the price dramatically, as the supply would be replenished almost as soon as it is bought.
What do you think?
Is this ridiculous?
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:48:19
That's a good point.  You can't stop someone from pirating by copying as it exits the speakers/screen/what-have-you.  
For this to work, the value of the "original" would have to be coveted in orders of magnitude greater than other copies.
@_date: 2013-12-14 13:15:54
This might be a bit difficult for first timers.  There's a lot of information here, a lot of noises to screen out, and zero fancy graphics (no offense, Andreas). 
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:04:55
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:42:40
Which nootropics?  For how much? Silk Road? So many questions.
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:30:43
Good answer!  I would *love* to hear an explanation of these things.
Some terms that I'd love a detailed description of or would like a history of:
Double sha
How difficulty is calculated
How proof of work functions vs. how proof of stake functions
Secondary interests related more directly to Bitcoin:
Spamming the blockchain with useless transactions à la satoshi dice. 
How Messages/patent ownership in the blockchain could aid or threaten the system.
Whether or not a large pool of powerful asics suddenly withdrawing the support of 4 or 5 terrahashes/sec (or some  then-current-substantial percentage of hashing power) leaving the rest of the network to crank out blocks at a difficulty much higher than they're capable of working out in 10min (let's say a month) is a real threat to bitcoin.
Centralization of hashing power in general and how that may threaten bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-13 09:24:40
I really enjoy these videos that describe what bitcoin is about on a philosophical level.  
This kind of focus gives me the sense that we (humans) have been largely mischaracterizing this dimension when trying to understand ourselves, and that with an activation of a greater variety of competing currency types, we'll gain a more robust understanding as the use statistics start to flow in.
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:12:02
I don't think real stability is in the cards.  I have the luxury of making predictions because I don't have a name and reputation to uphold.
I think that the best we can hope for is relative stability (stability in comparison to these early days). I think as price increases, the effect on products purchased diminishes, so relatively small amounts of money like the equivalent of $5-$50 will only suffer slightly as a result of price fluctuations in the $100-$200 range.  
 
The difference here is the order of magnitude. A $100-$200 value equivalent shift in price when the price of bitcoin is in the $10,000 range will have a significantly lower impact than a $100-$200 shift in the $1000 range.
As it becomes riskier for people with less than $5000 to "play with" for gaming the market for decent rewards, they'll be shaken off and those who transferred their wealth to a more sound system will reap the rewards through the deep discounts afforded them by effectively lower BTC prices (assuming that it's BTC that "wins" and not some other cryptocurrency/share/what-have-you) given that they kept their money in the winning cryptocurrency/share/what-have-you.
Does this even need to be said?
@_date: 2013-12-01 13:16:38
Not really.  Think about user experience.
The first home computers were *freaking amazing* compared to what was available. The first PDA phones were also ridiculously cool compared to what was available.
But then someone came along and noticed that it was too geeky for the man on the street and gave it a pleasant skin.
This business with the long strings of characters? Geeky.
This business with getting off the internet and printing your weird strings with ubuntu? 
Are you kidding? What do you mean copy the website?  You can copy websites?
This business with pages forty different 3 letter initialisms and a corresponding Christmas light chart?  Who am I? Gordon Gekko?
I'm not saying people are stupid.
I'm saying people are *afraid*.
They don't want change.  And if they want change, they want change that's super easy and benefits them directly in a way that they immediately understand. Oh? I just take this pill and I lose weight? Oh? I just pay this college and I'll have a job? Oh? I just dye my hair and people will like me?
As it stands, Bitcoin doesn't do that.  Bitcoin looks like the revenge of the nerds and it alienates more than it accommodates.
Luckily, there are a few companies out there that are aware of this and are making strides in the direction of user-friendliness. When this finally happens, and it will, bitcoin will not look a thing like it did in the beginning (it already doesn't, but this will continue). It will be taken from the early adopters like so many walletfulls of lunch money and what's worse, this is exactly what the nerds *need* for it to truly succeed.
I just re-read your comment to make sure I was replying to it properly, and it seems you may have just been talking about the protocol itself.  If you were, then I'm sorry. I'm too fond of what I've written to dispose of it (sorry, Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch). Namecoin's features would be a nice addition to Bitcoin, as would litecoin's aspiration to depower asic centralization. Invictus Innovations' whole Protoshare DAC plan seems to address a lot of this too.  We'll see how this plays out.
@_date: 2013-09-21 23:19:32
Try These guys will eat you alive.  The folks over there are sometimes super helpful.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:02:04
Agreed. 
The trick is trust, and to some extent subversion.
I'll explain.
Trust: 
The artist must deliver as promised, or career goes *poof*.
I subscribe to a model of art that includes subversion as one of the many duties of the artist.  That is, the artist (and philosopher, incidentally) may take it upon him or herself to ask annoying questions that undermine the values of the existing culture.
Since directly supporting the existing culture is not something that the public is willing or able to consider valuable, crowdfunding often fails as a method of gaining necessary capital for large projects.
(One might argue that the Bitcoin idea is a massive crowdfunding art project)
This doesn't necessarily cancel out your opinion here. I'm just spitballin' here.
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:40:43
I too, had this very idea.
Seeing that it is here made me feel a little bad for not doing it first, but I decided that going with the Andy Warhol idea was a little too obvious.
I'm going to do something a little different that feels a bit more honest and sincere. If I suffer for it, so be it.
That said, you've done a great job with the idea and I foresee you making a great impact with this work.
@_date: 2013-12-02 11:17:21
Is he searching for god or an honest man?
@_date: 2013-12-30 11:19:37
This came to mind for me as well, but then there was an episode that followed (maybe 2 or three after) where he mentions this to Gavin Andresen and they both seem to be at ease about the threat of asic miners screwing with confirmation times.
I remember them joking about  
IIRC, they were pretty confident that the kind of money that it would take to mount this attack, followed by the way that mining rewards would offset that initial investment would deincentivize the subsequent removal of hashing power.
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:32:59
Free gold you say?
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:50:32
Asic pools become centralization points. If a big one withdraws, they leave us with ridiculously high difficulty and potential month long confirmation times.
It would mean the end of that version of bitcoin, I suppose they could get around it by changing the difficulty through rewriting the code, but Christ almighty. Think of the faith in the system that would be lost.
@_date: 2013-12-03 14:33:58
Shouldn't "decentralized" make an appearance?  It's one of the greatest things about it.
No one point if failure means no one to pressure, no malicious entity making whimsical decisions about money supply, no one to answer to for sending your money to who you want to, *whenever* you want.
@_date: 2013-12-14 13:27:09
Please take a look at the lets talk bitcoin podcast. Recently, he's contributed a monologue.
He's *much* more chill sounding in [this one.](
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:04:42
Ok, I haven't been clear.  I'm talking about a malicious attempt to shut down bitcoin in which someone or a group of someones see Bitcoin as a threat and have access to both the funding and technological expertise to pull this off.  
I'm talking about devoting a few super-ASICs to the network.  The government (or *a* government) is far more interested in the power and influence that money represents than the money itself.
Isn't a lot of this mining equipment manufactured in the East? Isn't this basically a ripe situation for Cold War Arms Race V2.0? This time, the WMDs pay for themselves.
The could have 10-20 fabrication facilities working in secret around the clock *right now*. Maybe this is a good time to invest in semiconductors...
It's a little far-fetched, but I think it would work.
Please let me know where this is wrong because it feels like it's crazy, but it looks like it's right.
Edit: I failed to address the proportion part of your argument.  For the scheme to operate properly, the difficulty would have to increase slowly over time due to the steady influx of hashing power, such that when the power is withdrawn, the remaining asics would not be able to complete a block for a full two weeks until the difficulty was adjusted. 
The fact that this is being said means people will be on the lookout for this kind of thing and will probably alter the time period for difficulty calculation to allay these fears if they detected that such changes were underway.