@_author: aosihfaohdlkjjkj
@_date: 2013-12-16 08:44:20
I successfully removed all my coins of all types from cryptsy this evening. I had a bunch of coins disappear into the ether and then reappear (their self audit failed to find anything wrong). Meanwhile my friend logs into his account (2 factor protected) and finds himself staring at someone elses account balances. He logs out and back in, then withdrew all of his own coins. 
They are legit but they are in way over their heads and there are clearly much bigger problems than with the trading engine and I don't think they are adequately addressing them.
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:14:14
I've had it happen several times in the last couple of days. Their suggestion is to use their new self audit feature which didn't resolve the issue. While I was trying to resolve my own issue my friend sitting next to me inputs his 2FA code and ends up in someone elses account with about $2500 in coins in it. He logs out and back in and gets his own account but we both transferred our balances out of the site tonight and I would strongly suggest others do so as well.
I don't have a problem with cryptsy necessarily but they are growing very quickly, can't handle the demand, are terrible at support, and may have security issues. I would not be shocked to find out in the next few days that they are also being actively attacked.
@_date: 2013-11-27 20:16:29
Nowhere near as quickly as with SHA256 based currencies. Scrypt is intentionally slow to hash and memory intensive. This was to prevent attacks from well funded adversaries. An ASIC designed to hash scrypt is going to be significantly more expensive than what is seen with sha256 ASICs and the level of improvement in hashing won't be nearly as big.
@_date: 2013-11-20 06:59:51
I have no opinion on the validity of this post but I think it's interesting.
When I'm talking to people about bitcoin that aren't really familiar with it or that are looking to enter it from a business perspective my go to point is "The company that makes it possible to buy a coffee at Starbucks is the company that legitimizes bitcoin. The reduction in friction in using the coins is the game changer." I also always point out that Starbucks is a perfect company to do this since they've upgraded their infrastructure to support scanners for their phone apps already.