@_author: aowid
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:41:29
Exactly my experience. Every single naysayer is clueless and thinks a bitcoin is some number in a computer somewhere that can just disappear.
@_date: 2018-01-25 18:10:37
Many of those liquidity issues were related to the extreme difficulty and expense of moving, securing and dividing gold. How do you take 1/156th of a gold bar and ship it to China, all without getting stolen? Bitcoin is not comparable. Bitcoin can be secured easily, divided easily, and moved easily. Even if Bitcoin transaction fees were 100 times more expensive than they are today, it would be far cheaper to move vast dollar amounts of it than with gold.
You are creating a straw man. There is no reason to believe that a world with Bitcoin as its reserve would resemble a world with gold as its reserve--they have completely different properties. Let's also not forget that unlike a dumb, lifeless metal like gold, other assets and currencies can be backed by Bitcoin in a totally automated and cryptographically secure way that is built into the asset itself. Lightning will scale Bitcoin in a much more efficient way than dollars scaled gold.
You are taking the gold analogy far too literally. You don't really believe that a computer program behaves the same way as a hunk of metal, do you? The only real similarities are that both cannot be counterfeited and both are scarce.
@_date: 2018-01-11 09:27:18
The purpose of Bitcoin is not to produce profit for its holders. But early adopters take a risk in buying a new class of asset and so are rewarded when it becomes more popular. What is wrong with that? How else should it work? Without people like the guy who bought a pizza for 10,000 BTC, Bitcoin wouldn't be where it is today.
The later you buy into Bitcoin, the stabler it is until eventually there is no risk at all in buying it and therefore no reward.
As far as who eventually foots the bill for Bitcoin profits: I'd guess the latest adopters buying enough to drive up price will be governments and institutional investors. They will be profiting off each other for a while, but in the end they'll be buying it as a hedge against inflation. Like gold is. But unlike gold, it can be stored and transferred easily. I'm sure there will be new ways to leverage its intrinsic properties no one has thought of yet.
Was there some amount of wealth transfer that took place and will continue to take place because of Bitcoin's success? Sure. That takes place when anything new is successful, when any business succeeds.
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:55:00








All you need to read of this embarrassingly misinformed diatribe. He thinks Bitcoin forks can print bitcoin, we don't really know whether Bitcoin is decentralized or controlled by some secret authority, nobody has ever done anything useful and legal with it, and anything you can't pay taxes with is worthless.
This guy is the establishment personified, complete with repeated assurances that it's better to let central banks decide everything. People like him will be paying a heavy premium to buy your crypto one day.
Always sad to see wealthy old men with no background in technology condemn new things. A little education, humility, and open-mindedness would cure them.
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:54:47
Bitcoin is a long way off from being Grandma-proof. But I don't think we should expect everyone to fully understand it at a deep level. It's being treated like it's a product, but it's really more of an underlying technology for usable products to be built with. Sort of like the web was before it had all the sites we use today. You shouldn't need to know HTML to use Twitter.
It won't reach its potential without companies building great products on top of it. I don't think we'll see the full effects of that until LN is stable.
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:27:48
A lot of people seem to have trouble understanding that this is by design. You will always be able to pay more to push your transaction to the front of the line. The fact that some are willing to pay so much for a transaction on Bitcoin is evidence that Bitcoin is valuable to them.
The incentive for miners to mine the most profitable block they can is at the heart of what makes Bitcoin work at all. Otherwise, miners would just be mining empty blocks for their own benefit and miners that waited for transactions would actually be at a competitive disadvantage and earn less.
You could argue that it's indirectly in a miner's interest to include transactions because of the network effect that increases the usefulness and thus value of the coins they're mining. But could you base an entire currency on the hope that they would do this and feel this way? 
Part of the genius of Bitcoin is that everyone involved can act in their own self-interest and it helps, not hinders, the network. If that weren't true, you'd be relying on trust and it wouldn't be a cryptocurrency anymore. 
There isn't an easy solution to this, and any cryptocurrency that is truly decentralized will run into this problem if it gets anywhere near as popular as Bitcoin.