@_author: apie
@_date: 2015-07-21 08:02:07
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:29:19


It was an open event - you cannot force people to be interested in bitcoin? If this is a demographic issue its an issue with the country as a whole - not the bitcoin community. You make it sound like the organisers of this event are to blame for the poor showing?
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:30:56
Yes, lots of beards.
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:51:11
Ah, ok, I understand. Its a complicated situation. Partially the white population has more wealth historically and have more opportunity to attend tertiary education. Culturally I think education is, for similar reasons, more ingrained as a valuable endeavour. There are black students who can afford to go and these do. There are those who get bursaries on merit or on grants as part of efforts to change the demographics. The overwhelming majority of black students go into either politics, finance or social studies. Social studies are particularly attractive - there is a lot of work in the field and most of the context of this work is in black communities. Black people who go to university often feel like they want to give back to these communities. 
There are terribly few black students in the fields of science and engineering. I'm sure the reasons vary from lack of stimulation, lack of opportunity to lack of interest and great alternatives. What ever the reasons are - I expect that is why, when something like bitcoin comes up, the majority of people at a local university who are intersted are the geeky white kids. When I studied here 10 years ago we had 3 girls and one Zimbabwean in our class of 100. 
Demographics at the University of Stellenbosch will be quite interesting. There are other universities where the demographics will be vastly different. UCT is more integrated. I guess they just don't have anyone really into bitcoin enough to have a talk about it.
Sorry for the confusion. I thought you were just being an armchair activist judging a group of people interested in bitcoin on the demographics of who attended. It was odd coming to a bitcoin thread and reading about racial segregation. I should perhaps not have started my day with watching the new Mandela film's trailer :) 
Have fun!
Edit: [Demographics for University of Stellenbosch](
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:00:19
Ok, sorry. I don't think I understand what you were really asking. Do you want to know the location of the black africans? Or do you want to know why there weren't any black africans at the meetup? Perhaps your question is just a bit vague.