@_author: apocrypton
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:36:21
Anyone else else think that picture kind of looks like Charlie from that episode of Its Always Sunny when they show the animated version of Charlie marrying the waitress and living a whole animated life? 
Your welcome for the high quality comment.
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:54:07
The theory is that people that have BTC on Tether exchanges are nervous about the audit failure, so they are sending it to GDAX and other non USDT exchanges to sell for true USD, driving the price down.
@_date: 2018-02-01 21:52:12
I think people are underestimating the role of futures. We started BTC's 2nd meteoric rise the day they announced they would be offering futures. I posted the CFTC's Jan 31st agenda the night before, and people ignored it and sent me nasty messages. They discussed regulating BTC futures, and the CFTC and SEC now have a Feb 6th meeting to discuss guidelines and regulations.
I'm sure it was a confluence of events, the India FUD, the low volume providing little liquidity for sellers, the futures fiasco, overall market sentiment turning bearish, regulation being discussed by most G20 countries, Tether FUD etc...
Edit: Corrected a mistake
@_date: 2018-02-09 00:27:41
Those long strings could very well be private keys, try using them to restore a wallet. You really need someone you can trust 100% to help, do not trust any one here with those strings.
edit: I know you said you wouldnt, but I can't emphasize that enough. Even if someone tries to help you here, they will never need the full strings.
Also, keep an eye out for any wallet.dat files.
@_date: 2018-02-08 20:34:04
Interesting article, but it's worth mentioning the Cboe pulled those requests, and in the SECs statement Feb 6th they explained they will not be approving US ETFs at this time. They did not give a time frame for when they would. Toronto just approved one though, there will be Canadian ETFs soon. 
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:21:40
I can't stand it when people say this. What they neglect to mention is those "lucky people" held through insane ups and downs, didn't sell when it lost 90% of its value, when people were 100% convinced it was a scam after Mt Gox and also didn't sell out completely when it went up on its first widespread run to 100, and subsequently 1k. They had the mental fortitude to make it through being called criminals, being ridiculed for investing in ponzi schemes, and multiple rounds of "BTC is a bubble and it just popped!"
People always say "I ALMOST bought BTC back in 2013, I'd be rich!", if you have even thought about selling because of recent FUD, price volatility, countries banning crypto etc. then please stop saying you'd be rich, because most likely you would have sold long before we got to this point. Those cryptoenthusiasts that were in it early didn't just "get lucky". 
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:13:56
Gotcha, I've read this is on JP Morgans portal from a few people now so I'm cautiously optimistic, I am just skeptical without official statements by default. Lots of misinformation/propaganda flying around, doesnt hurt to be careful, but it is beginning to look like my skepticism is unwarranted.
Edit: Definitely real, my bad guys.
@_date: 2018-02-10 09:54:31
*lo and behold
@_date: 2018-02-21 05:11:00
Man, people will latch onto anything to explain drops. S Korea have stated a ton of times that they won't be banning crypto, one individual regulator does NOT have that much power. It would take a coordinated Ministry effort to ban it, it's not like that one guy could decide it on his own. This article stating they won't be banning it is from 14 hours ago.
This one was updated 5 hours ago.
@_date: 2018-02-01 23:26:32
I'm not saying that futures are the only reason, but it is a factor along with the halt of ETF's. A lot of these new investors don't really understand how markets truly function. There is a whole world outside of exchanges like Binance that most cryptoenthusiasts are only vaguely aware of.
The futures market and potential ETF's brought an immense amount of interest from institutional investors, then the SEC decided to halt the BTC ETF's and now they will be discussing regulating futures on the 6th. It's definitely a factor for institutional investors looking to enter crypto markets without actually holding BTC.
@_date: 2018-02-08 22:19:03
Why are you posting a scam?
@_date: 2018-02-02 02:42:56
Haha yes seriously, do you think people will fall for this? That you, a redditor for 6 days that has only one comment about crypto and that comment is negative, have 25k in BTC you are selling for 9500? So you're just willing to offer someone a quick free 15k? 
@_date: 2018-02-01 23:38:30
You can roll over losses to the following year though, so if people lost a ton of money on Dec 22nd, they can roll those losses over. To the guy above you, yes, you can also use those capital losses against normal income if you don't have any capital gains.
@_date: 2018-02-09 00:58:33
This is true for many cryptocurrencies, but there are some coins doing some exciting things in IoT, cross border payments systems to eliminate all the wasted capital sitting in nostro/vostro accounts, and many others fields.
Go check out IOTAs AMA with Bosch, they have partnered and are doing some very exciting things. They've also partnered with Taipei to convert it into a smart city with automated m2m transactions (obviously will take awhile). They also have a partnership with VAG (Volkswagen Group), their vision is to be the company facilitating the payment system for self driving cars and are well on their way to doing so (just one example).
I agree that 95% of coins/tokens have no use cases and are just ways to raise capital without getting VCs involved, but the few that have real world uses are going to provide the next tech revolution IMO.
Just realized I'm responding to the wrong comment, but still a valid point. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 21:41:25
He also said last year that BTC was an interesting idea but that every one should just buy gold instead. Not bad advice to buy gold, but BTC obviously did way better in 2017.
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:48:15
They can effectively control the supply though. What would happen if those 100 Whale addresses flooded the market? They hold a massive amount of BTC that hasn't been circulating for a long time, they can basically choose to increase supply whenever they want. Price would crash, panic in the streets. We would see 1k if they wanted, they can definitely control the price more than just a little. Then they could slowly buy back even more while suppressing the price, rinse and repeat until they control most of thr supply. Basic supply and demand.
Sure, no more BTC could be created technically, but as of now they certainly could choose to buy out the little guys after driving the price down, drive the price up to astronomical heights, then make us line their pockets by buying at incredibly inflated prices by restricting supply. Then when they start getting low on BTC, they crash the price again and do it all over again. It's semantics, different process, same results.
Decentralization is great in theory, I was a big believer in it up until the beginning of last year. Now BTC is literally controlled by a few mining pools, 2 of them teaming up could execute a 51% attack before any of the individual miners knew, and the price is at the whim of market manipulation by the wealthy. The whole point of BTC was that the system ensures no trust is required, and that it could be a high speed, low fee p2p system. How is that true if we are basically trusting giant entities not to execute network attacks? 
Also, by BTC fans own admission at any point someone can spam the network up to a $50 tx fee and clog it up so much that it takes hours/days to send BTC. The exchanges are the new crypto banks, and the crypto billionaires the new government, and they are taking advantage of us more than the system they were supposed to replace ever did. Seems like they have pretty solid control of the blockchain to me, once again it's semantics. Different process, same result.
You may be fine with the whales manipulating the price, but realistically we live in a fiat controlled world, it actually matters a great deal what the fiat price is. Even if you are buying a house and the guy takes BTC, he isn't going to say "I'll take 50 BTC" he is going to say "I'll take $500k in BTC". I decided to just make as much fiat as possible within the current system, and gave up on some decentralized BTC utopia. If every one was committed to remaining decentralized we may have had a chance, but 95% of the investors that came in last year could not care less about decentralization, the core believers were a drop compared to the flood of money/power hungry investors that came in. Throughout history power has always consolidated in the hands of the few, and they control the fate of the many, I don't see that changing any time soon. Might as well try and be one of the few, rather than one of the many, that's the only way you will get control over your life. Depressing, but true.
@_date: 2018-02-20 16:42:52
Visa has made a statement saying Coinbase was not at fault. 
Source: Visa
"Visa later issued a second, joint statement with payments processor Worldpay, which handles Coinbase transactions, writing in no uncertain terms, 'This issue was not caused by Coinbase.'".
@_date: 2018-02-09 01:06:28
That's the old name for Bitcoin Core I believe, that's probably a question for developers. It's for running a node IIRC. Go to Bitcoin StackExchange, they will probably know what to do, but I don't believe it's a wallet in the traditional sense.
@_date: 2018-02-08 04:19:54
Why would you want payment in BTC if you found an exploit that you know could take it down? Wouldn't you want dollars?
@_date: 2018-02-12 03:08:23
Just be aware that there have been a lot of fake JP Morgan stuff the last few days, I can't find any reference to this outside of a few personal "crypto news" pages. Also, someone tried to make a fake JP Morgan token and "leak" the details to make it appear they had made their own crypto. Zerohedge had a post about JP Morgan reversing their stance on BTC earlier, and the source was his own Twitter page.
Not saying 100% fake for sure, I only did a cursory search, but this would be a complete 180 and lots of fake JP Morgan stuff is popping up recently so this may be too. This hurts the crypto worlds image if its fake, people may be thinking you are helping raise the price by convincing people JPM backs crypto, but in reality it's just shady and will make people less likely to buy. 
Edit: Make sure you check the authors and sources before accepting something as fact, I'll need a statement from JP Morgan before I believe any of this.
Next day edit: I was incorrect, this is real. There are some negative things in it that people kind of glossed over, but it's a remarkable change from previous JPM positions. 
@_date: 2018-02-07 04:33:02
No, you're being smart. This is exactly what you should be doing IMO, I still have 50% of the fiat I have allocated as well. 16 hours of good performance does not mean we can call this correction over, even if it is, you used sound investing strategies and should feel good about that. In the long run you will do much better this way than investing emotionally and FOMOing in.
@_date: 2018-02-08 05:25:45
I'm not a lawyer, but since he is appointed and not elected, we couldn't just donate to his campaign fund which is how most PACs and lobbyists do it. I don't think he would be able to accept, then anything he did positive or negative for cryptocurrency would be insider trading and invalid if he held a lot of BTC.
Maybe if you start a PAC, the laws are different for them.
@_date: 2018-04-05 23:08:01
This is literally what Bitconnect was, except they issued profits in Bitconnect coins. These are always scams and referral systems are illegal in many states, it's a literal pyramid scheme. If you want someone to trade for you, find someone you trust don't just give your money to strangers. 
They will be paying you your 20% profits with other people's money, the money other investors give the company to trade with will be used to pay new investors profit. When no new customers come in it all comes tumbling down. They depend on people being so impressed they put the profits back in to the scheme, so they can pay other investors their profits and on and on it goes.
Pyramid schemes often look like magical money making machines because they work perfectly well for awhile and if you get in early enough you can make good money before it comes crashing down. However, if you are being talked to by someone then it's already too late, only the people at the top will do well and it's likely you will be screwed. Not only that, there are a ton of ethical and legal concerns, that money people make is coming from other investors, someone is getting fucked over in a pyramid scheme.
If they had a system that makes 20% no matter what do you think they would need your 10k? They would be millionaires/billionaires already and would not share their algos/profits with anybody.
Don't do it. It wouldn't hurt to report them to the SEC/CFTC/BBB, depending on where you are it could be illegal.
@_date: 2018-04-17 01:53:53
I'm not saying BTC is dead or that alts are going to take over by any means, it is still a pretty large portion of my portfolio and the dev work alone will ensure it stays competetive but I also think there are other projects doing interesting things for niche use cases. I do think it can be a bit dangerous to just assume silence means that they are working on BTC sidechains, silence could mean anything from them working quietly with Hyperledger to them not being interested in cryptocurrency at all.
Microsoft's Daniel Buchner may only be interested in BTC but Microsoft is already a participant in IOTAs data marketplace, so it's not like they aren't open to working with alts. The "Microsoft/IOTA" partnership was blown out of proportion (by a Microsoft employee) but they are still working together. It's true that layer 2/3 solutions may make many alts obsolete, but who knows how long it will be until those are truly ready for widespread use, first mover advantage isn't always guaranteed to keep something on top.
I became somewhat cynical regarding the BTC development direction, I think it's almost inevitable that power consolidates in the hands of a few. I guess you could say I gave up too soon on decentralization, it just doesn't seem practically possible. Theoretically it's great but from a practical standpoint it's almost impossible. Even BTC, arguably the most decentralized cryptocurrency, has issues with centralization. This community fairly widely believes that Bitmain could potentially pull off a 51% attack, just that they have no economic incentive to do so. I fail to see the practical difference between that and other "centralized" alts, it seems hypocritical to call out other alts for centralization (not talking about you specifically) when BTC itself is pretty much controlled by one entity. This same discussion is going in the ETH/XMR communities after the fork seemingly exposed massive covert ASIC use within XMR. Yet people within those communities still have no problem calling other alts centralized trash despite the fact that the major cryptocurrencys have centralization problems of their own. People running nodes for alts have no incentive to attack their networks just like Bitmain has no incentive to attack BTC. Got off topic here though, kinda started ranting haha. 
I guess much of it depends on why an individual is here. I am kind of the opposite of most (people can hate me if they want). I grew up, gained some money and perspective and realized that corruption is just a part of life, and I don't see the people in charge of bitcoins development as immune to it. If you look at it from a long term investing standpoint it just seems reasonable to hedge with other well established cryptocurrencys.
I can respect people that think otherwise though, I thought the same way up until early 2017. Maybe I'm just cynical, maybe I'm just selfish, maybe I just got tired, maybe I gave up on decentralization too soon but the world just doesn't seem to care about decentralized trust the way I used to. Most have no issue whatsoever with the status quo, and most new cryptocurrency investors don't care at all about true decentralization (besides using it to smear coins they hate), I guess I just decided it was easier to go with the flow rather than fight against it. This kind of turned into a journal entry haha, but that's basically my rationale for investing in alts.
@_date: 2018-04-19 23:42:45
I copy and paste this every time I see one of these posts.
Are you a member of this community? The CFTC has a bounty out on PnD groups, if you have access to PnDs in progress or previous PnDs they have tried to pull you can report to the CFTC and potentially get a 10-30% reward of any monetary sanctions above $1,000,000.
You can go to  if you are interested, they may investigate and if they do end up enforcing monetary sanctions you could be greatly rewarded.
I know people in the cryptocurrency community generally frown on "snitching" but PnDs prey on uneducated investors. It hurts crypto as a whole, it's illegal, immoral, and the crypto community needs to work together to enforce these laws as the government does not have the resources to do so. I know the crypto community hates anything government, but at this point there is no self regulatory body that can act with teeth, so this is really one area we should be working with the government to eliminate scammers that hurt cryptocurrencys reputation.
@_date: 2018-04-17 00:49:10
No beef, just interested in a discussion. You're right though, I got lost in the thread, I thought you were the same person from the parent comment above yours. Sorry if what I said seemed harsh, it wasn't meant to be.
Better is a subjective word. It totally depends on what the individual values most. Is it security? Speed? Fees? Decentralization? Ease of use? Enterprise adoption? Bitcoin has perhaps the best balance out of cryptocurrencies but many alts would rate higher in specific attributes. You know in video games when you get 100 points to spread across attributes? It almost reminds me of that, it's possible to be better in speed and ease of use but that typically makes it lack in decentralization. It's easy to be low in fees, but typically at the expense of securing the network. BTC has a good balance of all the attributes but only really stands out in decentralization and security.
Many breakthrough technologies were not taken to the finish line by the architects behind them. Netscape was a pioneer but didn't end up winning the race, others took the ideas behind the breakthrough tech and adapted it. There are tons of examples of this, inventors making incredible technologies and having others take them further before they even really take off. I don't personally see anything wrong with that, especially with Bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general being open source. Others may have different takes on how it should be implemented and I don't think there is anything wrong with them attempting their own variations despite the fact that BTC hasn't started "running" yet. They may have different ideas on how things should be, but at this point as long as they aren't ripping people off I think it's too soon to say that the only way to do cryptocurrency right is BTC.
@_date: 2018-04-17 00:03:32
Big difference between "scam" and "not the same as a decentralized Bitcoin".
Sure, you could argue that some are centrally controlled. That doesnt by definition mean they are a scam, it just means they arent decentralized. They can still be used for their intended purposes, and do their intended purposes well without defrauding people of their money. Up until Bitcoin there were no decentralized investment vehicles/currencies, does that mean everything up until that point was a scam?
Scam gets thrown around way too much. You personally dont believe coins that run on less decentralization than BTC serve any purpose, while millions of other people disagree. You are using your own personal definitions to label things scams. Under your criteria basically every company is a scam. Not true, they just dont run things the way you personally believe they should. Like I said, big difference between your personal opinion of what a scam is and the actual definition of scams/fraud which is maliciously defrauding investors.