@_author: apocolyps
@_date: 2017-10-01 16:09:04
Unfortunately your first link didn't work for me - just says video is not available. I don't suppose you have a mirror?
Of course, but as has been the focus of late, blocks are getting full. To analogize; I don't think nuclear power is the final solution for the power industry, however I believe it is ready right now and is a viable stop-gap measure until completely renewable resources can handle all power generation demands. Similarly, I am all for the Lightning network and the side chain concept, but it can't be deployed right now at the entire network level. [Here]( is a post I made a couple of years ago just as I began to get interested in cryptocurrencies. 
You have suggested experimentation in the altcoins, but segwit was implemented in [Litecoin]( back in May. I imagine the solution is probably in some of the lesser altcoins also, but cannot confirm that. True months isn't a huge amount of time to prove the completeness of a solution, but I believe given the time constraints and the rate at which Bitcoin is gaining mainstream attention, a stop-gap measure is the best solution for now.
I enjoy sources for sure! The internet can be a dangerous place without them! Working as a dev in Forex, I rarely have much free time day to day, but any time I do have is spent on my crypto-project or catching up on recent news. Posts without sources are a real pain to determine fact from opinion.
@_date: 2017-10-01 13:09:47
Article's TLDR: Protocol changes are a common occurrence (pointing to other altcoins) and mass adoption determines what is recognized as "The Bitcoin". Social/Political motives are what therefore determine "The Bitcoin" (many reddit/twitter/email screenshots) and not necessarily what is the technologically correct solution.
I don't deny that social/political motives are a huge driving factor for the development of cryptocurrencies. That said, this reddit post is about "fighting back against segwit2X". The OP states that S2X is a different token, going as far as suggesting suing exchanges, I disagree and your article author says "The naming conventions assigned to those changes are also inherently social in nature" - so if S2X goes ahead, it becomes bitcoin and the OPs argument is mute. You can use BTH to represent what OP believes BTC should be, and OP should invest there. From the article I'm not actually sure whether you agree with me or OP.
Anyway, the suggestion of segmenting BTC and S2X is loony to me. Why encourage volatility in a market which is feared by many for being too volatile? We've already established the 'real' Bitcoin is the one adopted by the majority.
@_date: 2017-10-01 11:11:27
I'm sorry if I'm not understanding correctly, but your denouncing seg2x and saying it shouldn't happen in bitcoin, and that a separate currency should be listed instead?
Is this not what Bitcoin Cash is? Was the fork not all about people not wanting to support seg2x and so they forked to create a non-supporting implementation of bitcoin.
Bitcoin will officially support it, if you don't like that then buy Bitcoin Cash and wait for people to agree with your point of view and Bitcoin Cash value to spike. Hard and soft forks are part of upgrading the infrastructure, there is always a chance of a currency splitting each time, but if we don't ever fork the technology will become stagnated and be unable to cope with emerging issues.
Personally I like the proposal of seg2x, I think bitcoin needs more active development of it is to cope with it's scalability issues. If I'm not understanding the situation, please feel free to provide references along with your argument to convince me otherwise.
EDIT: Typo 'no' to 'not'
@_date: 2017-07-03 18:35:50
I don't get why he can't spend a couple of the known addressed owned by satoshi? Just get a few of them and send the money back to another account you own; proven... or not!