@_author: apocellipse
@_date: 2015-12-09 15:09:26
Can they be checked on the way back machine?  Im on mobile atm but Www.archive.org
@_date: 2015-09-23 00:19:32
Because no one is going to "search" the blockchain for prior art.  The patent system trades a gaurantee of securing useful knowledge in a distributed, ironclad, completely public, accessible, sorted, categorized, traceable database for the teeny tiny chance at a monopoly, and a 90-99% change, depending on who you ask, at getting nothing but an expensive series of rejection letters, or an expensive piece of paper that gets shredded later in court and never makes a dime.  Personally I think its a worthwhile exchange, especially with all the ways of aggregating prior art nowadays to the point where everything is more searchable, and the public can come out ahead more often than when people had to flip pages to search prior art, but that's a matter of opinion, public debate, and jurisprudence. Being a declared libertarian or anarchist doesn't make anyone immune from the dangers of not playing the game, so long as the game exists and must be played.  Placing your knowledge directly in front of a future patent examiner in the form of a Pre-grant Publication is a really strong and common way to win that game.
@_date: 2015-09-22 18:43:34
The reason people file patents 'defensively' even if they don't know they'll get one (and most applications don't get patented or stay in force for their whole possible lifetime) is because all applications get automatically published as pre-grant publications and then distributed to 100's of different database search providers who grant access to that data (like Google Patents).  A randomly published white paper published at one URL is MUCH less unlikely to be uncovered in a short term search compared to standard government distributed data.  To invalidate, it must be public, and the less hidden, the better. Websites and whitepapers can die and be lost to time, and even archive.org can fail in this respect.  Can you imagine if the Wayback Machine ceased to exist?
@_date: 2015-09-22 18:56:53
Yeah first-to-file makes it much harder for these claims to become patents in force.  So glad we finally changed this part of system!