@_author: apokk_
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:08:44
That's something that will be true up until it's not.
Don't use the hot hand fallacy to justify an investment if you don't understand why the price is dipping.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:42:11
It's practically the definition of the hot hand fallacy to assume that past returns to bull runs means there will be bull runs in the future.
@_date: 2018-02-07 02:32:01
Am I going to be the only one here to point out that it's "Capitol" Hill?
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:01:01
While the US debt is a huge problem, I should point out that the "1.5 trillion infrastructure" plan isn't going to be entirely paid for by government appropriations.
Most likely it will be $200b of loans/grants, leveraging private sector funds. If it happens at all.
@_date: 2018-02-28 05:57:40
Okay, let's put to rest this idea that America is unnecessarily litigious.
This bullshit started when companies were pushing for regulations against "frivolous" lawsuits, and protecting their practices of forcing contracted clients to use arbitration instead of jury trials (as is their constitutional right).
There were big smear campaigns against people suing for "stupid" reasons, most notoriously the woman who sued McDonald's because her coffee was too hot.
What gets lost in all the bullshit is that this elderly lady in the passenger seat of a parked car spilled the coffee on her lap, and suffered burns so severe she almost died. Look up the pictures and tell me you wouldn't sue.
The reason the coffee was so hot was because McDonald's had a free refill policy, and to keep people from taking advantage of it they would inntentionally make the coffee so hot that people couldn't drink the coffee fast enough to take advantage of it. They knew it could cause harm, they did it to save money, ergo criminal intent was established.
The lady tried to settle out of court for only her medical bills, but McDonald's refused so she took them to court. The jury decided in the woman's favor in a criminal preceding, but since you can't throw a corporation in jail the judge awarded "punitive" damages, which make the crime so expensive to commit that it negates any savings or value from committing the crime. It's just a wrinkle of the court system that all that money goes to the plaintiff.
And that lady didn't even get most of the money she was awarded.
Contrary to popular belief, court dates are a rare occurrence for most Americans, and high profile cases with huge damages awarded almost always have important details that aren't covered by the news.