@_author: apolloix
@_date: 2014-10-27 04:07:45
Just like albert einstein threw away any calculations that didn't make sense and kept what did make sense, I understand that.. In my mind this whole thing is like being in the early 1900's and discovering a use for oil. I then need a ton of oil so I pay a lot of people a little bit of money to go and dig for this oil, a ton of these holes are useless but every once in a while someone strikes oil, so I pay them for what work they did. In their minds they are just mindlessly digging for oil that seems to be completely uninteresting because they don't understand what this liquid is... Then people realize that they can make more money if they dig more holes faster for me (bit mining rigs). When people ask me why I'm having them find this stuff for me, I say that I'm paying them money to dig these holes just to prove that the work was done. The way I see this whole bit mining thing people aren't calculating hashes for no reason, I just don't think they see a bigger picture nor does the creator of this entire thing want them to see it. If it is as you say simply just to prove that the work is done, the whole thing is just far beyond my imagination/intelligence of why it's being done and that long story short I should get a bit mining rig to make some bit coins
@_date: 2014-10-27 05:29:10
cleared things up for me above, and now this comment is much more clear. This whole idea is really fascinating. Here's an upvote for putting up with me
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:50:13
Can you try using a metaphor to explain how calculating these hashes would benefit any systems relying on crypto/SHA256 to be as efficient as possible?
*Edit: I'm not a programer/mathematician so understanding the grand scheme of this is perplexing.
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:39:01
Based on your comment I understand something being hard to solve/easy to verify, I understand how the difficulty can range (does anyone know who chooses the next target equation?) I understand how bitcoins are valuable (because everyone's starting to use them thus creating value) but what I think is more valuable is the information that is being computed. I'm not sure if that information is really to be understood by the public. Whoever needs these computations to be solved needs to incentivize the public to help solve these functions. This information is landing in a database once the target equation is solved, it doesn't just disappear. To the average person these functions aren't worth money to solve just for "act of solving them"... Someone has to be using this information in one way or another. I'm just super curious as to what all these functions are leading to because solving them is valuable enough to create a currency within this realm...
@_date: 2014-10-27 05:25:14
Haha my mind is fucking blown. You sir, understand this well enough to explain it simply put to someone who is completely foreign to this concept. But now a new question arises, who created the idea of a bit-coin and how did it actually become of value? Creating a new form of currency is not an easy thing to do.. but I'm sure that's explained somewhere else along the web. Time to do some research on the history of the bit-coin now. If I could, I would use bit-coins to buy reddit gold to give to you!
@_date: 2014-10-27 22:59:42
How exactly do I do this... I know I'm a lost cause, bear with me! When I click on "Give Gold" (never done it before) it takes me to pay, and I click on Bitcoin method which takes me to coin case. How do I transfer the funds from changetip to coin case?
@_date: 2014-10-27 02:16:59
I have read that bit-miners are solving SHA-2 hash functions and they are getting more complex as time goes on. Will these hash functions ever be Complete? I have also read that the NSA were the group of people who designed this set of functions, I can't imagine that people helping them solve these equations will ever workout for the common folk. What is the grand goal? I'm more or less asking about the value of the solved computations rather than anything about the value of "bitcoins" themselves.