@_author: apotheon
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:12:18
No, *I* am Spartacus!
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:04:29
"It is their responsibility to perform due diligence in assessing the location and residency of users.  If we deem that diligence insufficient . . ."
That's how.
More practically, there's probably some expectation that anyone who wants to use your service will have to submit personally identifiable, government-verified information to be kept on file for account holders, and such restrictive account policies will have to become mandatory conditions of using services.
Note that I said "some expectation", not that everyone's going to comply.  This might all end up looking a little like the early days of the international legal mess surrounding The Pirate Bay, complete with office raids, "diplomatic" threats, and so on.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:06:02


@_date: 2014-07-17 18:13:44
*If* that is the case (and I doubt it'll be interpreted so gently), this regulation might actually serve to make the BTC world more safe/secure!
. . . by shutting down all the online BTC wallets that have access to your keys.  Who the fuck thought *that* was a good idea?
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:24:34


More like "I don't want to get screwed because people who are going to get screwed either way -- but will feel better about it if they get us all screwed -- get their way."


Nonsense.  Lots of people make stupid, idiotic decisions without spending three minutes on due diligence on a regular basis.  It took me all of about three minutes, once I actually considered the business model and potential means of verification for businesses within such fields, to realize that I did not want to entrust my money to MtGOX.  If you did entrust your money to it because it had a professional looking website and lots of other people were using it too, you were blindly following superficial signaling that bears zero necessary resemblance to truth, rather than actually spending three minutes considering the actual relevant factors.  Yes, actually.
I'm not saying you *deserved* to be screwed if this was you, but you were certainly making a big, fat, juicy target of yourself.  Hell, you would have had to go out of your way to give someone your money to get screwed by the MtGOX issue, and had to ignore warnings signs that should have been much more obvious to people using it than to me, who mostly ignored it, to get screwed there.  This is the "normal" way for people to operate when managing their money, but that doesn't make it any more advisable as a personal financial policy.


Did anyone bother to check BitFloor's security policies?  No?  Oops.
Steps to Follow When Choosing to Let Someone Else Hold Your BTC:
1. Don't.  Use your own damned wallet.  Use multi-key escrow if need be, instead.
2. If you *must* entrust your assets to someone else, make sure it's not all in the hands of someone who may suffer from poor security awareness and be a fly-by-night operation, and make sure it's not all in the hands of someone who can just file for bankruptcy under a regulatory regime that gives him legal cover if he's incompetent or cleverly malicious once he's done screwing you.  Make damned sure you know the actual security policies used, or that there's reliable insurance backing the entity, or that you're not entrusting more than you can afford to lose to the entity in question if verifying the reliability of that entity is too costly a proposition.
3. Don't blame your unwillingness to spend a few minutes thinking about it before clicking "(I) Submit (To Your Will)" on the lack of a regulatory regime whose primary purpose is, in fact, to provide ways for the public corporations screwing you over to legally protect themselves, rather than to protect *you*.


It's not the fact he's an "amateur" that makes the difference.  It's the fact he didn't know what he was doing.  It's actually surprisingly easy, a lot of the time, to discover that someone either doesn't know what he's doing or refuses to tell you enough about what he's doing to ensure you can determine whether he knows what he's doing.








. . . but if you don't want "an amateur small business holding money on [your] behalf", you can choose someone who isn't "an amateur small business" to do so.  I'll simplify and paraphrase that exchange for you, to make the error you just made a little clearer:








Do you see the issue?  "Somebody" doesn't have to be an amateur small business.  You've argued a false dilemma.


There are far better ways to make it safe(r) for most users to get into BTC than to lie to them about whether it's safe.  I don't mean to harp on the PCI compliance issue (which I already mentioned in another response to you), but it's quite relevant to this particular field because it's about regulating online financial transactions:
PCI-DSS does not actually make users of financial services safer.  It does not actually guarantee any level of real security competence from the people handling your money.  It is a checklist of steps that must be taken to ensure you do not get jailed or sued for incompetence or malevolence.  You can still be incompetent or malevolent; PCI-DSS is just the loophole that allows you to get away with it, where without that defensive legal checklist you would have to actually try to show you performed due diligence, could not reasonably have done more, and were not trying to screw people over, in civil suits.
Given all your enthusiasm about making BTC mainstream, and about draconian regulation that disproportionately screws the little guy and aims to eliminate its flexibility and other positive characteristics relative to fiat, I wonder what the hell benefits you actually expect to arise from mainstream adoption of BTC.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:09:23
The obvious question is . . . was that an *intended* side effect of the proposed regulations, or just an accidental bonus?
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:29:14
I don't think you and `Lawsky` are actually disagreeing.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:33:55
On one hand, it's nice that a specific effort was made to engage Bitcoin users "in the wild" and let them know in a timely manner that there is a means of addressing regulators to attempt to reform bad regulation.
On the other hand, if such official channels of feedback could achieve any substantive good, they wouldn't exist.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:32:37


I guess that depends on your goals.  I'll leave the invective with which I might have laced this message to the reader's imagination.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:05:38


London will, at least.
@_date: 2014-02-01 02:57:01
I'm not really sure what you're trying to imply, but you're probably wrong, whatever it is.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:35:41


The term you need here is "analogy", not "non sequitur".
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:37:46
Yeah, the CIA does all three.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:31:06


The "easily misled" part applies more to the fact that they *think* they've voting to steal from others for their own benefits, but they're *really* voting to steal from themselves *and* others for some third party's benefit.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:13:35
Ripple looks pretty cool, but . . . what about it?
@_date: 2014-08-21 18:07:37
It is typically the case that those afflicted by Stockholm syndrome are unaware of the fact, and will actually become offended or even violent when assiduously confronted by evidence of it.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:48:48


I'm reminded of something Henry Rollins said in *LA Money Train*:
"From the lofty heights you're residing in they look like ants and their flesh tastes just like chicken."
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:35:37
You're right.  Many soldiers, and probably even a few police officers, are just dupes.  They're obviously not all amoral or immoral mercenary criminals working for a criminal state.
I was a soldier.  I was a dupe.  Years later I'm neither, but it looks like you're still a dupe.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:32:02
If voting could change anything, it would be illegal.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:40:31


Hah!  You're such an optimist it warms the cockles of my black little heart, to even think there's a *chance* of that.  Like every other bureaucratic regulatory regime, it will turn into a mockery of itself that grinds everyone involved into dust, its primary purpose being to give petty bureaucrats power over other people that they will wield with malicious pleasure.


See . . . if that's the result of too-strict enforcement, *I really do not hope it is enforced with a light hand*, because these regulations (lightly or heavily enforced) are designed to turn BTC into a proxy for USD with basically all the same detriments (plus a few) that plague fiat currency, thus destroying any meaningful point of BTC altogether.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:16:08
. . . and/or call up their counterparts in CA and ask *them* to execute a search.
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:29:54
I think you're more correct than most people here realize.  "No rulers does not mean no rules."
One of the great things about technological rules is that, to the extent they're sensical and well-implemented, they are incorruptible -- which means would-be rulers have no traction to use them for leverage over others.
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:18:03
You clearly were not a fan of the *Miami Vice* TV series.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:36:40


That's a pissant, asinine, stupid response to a statement made in a debate about ideas, even when I probably agree with you in principle.  Please stop making people who agree with you in principle look bad by association.
@_date: 2014-08-22 16:33:03


This is my point.  If you reject any agreeable truth, you lose any foundation from which to accuse others of fraud.  Their response can be "Nuh-uh!" and the discussion is over for you.


I take it you are either playing dumb here, or not familiar with the concept of linguistic idioms.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:36:02


No . . . they don't.
You don't have to be technically adept and knowledgeable to ask "Will you tell me about the precautions you use?" and become suspicious when the answer looks something like one of these two options:
1. No!  Don't worry your pretty head about it.
2. Sure.  You give me all your access keys, and I keep them on a server.  I control everything, and you trust me implicitly -- some guy you've never met, whose name you probably don't know, through a company that says it's trustworthy, but the only evidence of trustworthiness is the fact that a lot of other people who didn't bother to ask any meaningful questions also trust me.  Don't worry your pretty little head about it.


"I don't know how to ask a question!"
Okay.  I grant that 90% of people are, in fact, too fucking stupid to think of that kind of thing.  This is depressing, but it in no way suggests that regulations that help nothing at all will solve the problem.


Here's the punchline:
It's one of the better regulatory systems I've seen.  Congratulations.  You're now aware of how fucking stupid it is to trust government regulation.


You support some utopian fantasy world that bears zero resemblance to the real world of government regulation, then.  It must be nice to be that kind of optimist.  I hear ignorance is bliss.
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:16:21
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:26:16


Did you even read the entire statement?  I'll quote the part you ignored entirely:  "Pay attention to percentages of markets that have had time to stabilize, not anecdotal examples."
Now, just as a fun exercise, make a list of similar completeness of "scams/hacks/thefts" conducted in USD.  I won't wait for your list, though: I don't expect it to be completed while reddit still exists.


That depends on how many non-scammy substantive interactions occur.  If 44 is 0.1% . . . *maybe* it constitutes a trend.  If it's more like 0.00000001%, I'd say certainly not.  Even then, we should compare the percentage to the similarly derived percentage of such negative interactions including USD, and see which is bigger, and whether the difference is greater than an order of magnitude.
You're trying to imply that BTC is prone to scammy interactions in a way USD isn't because of regulatory differences.  I'm saying it's almost certainly not, and just saying "there have been 44 examples compiled in this list" absolutely, positively does *not* constitute any kind of meaningful evidence of the implication you're trying to get others to swallow.


How many companies dealing in fiat currencies do you trust?  They don't even have to be financial industry companies, if you want to inflate the number.  I'm sure I can count those I trust on one hand, if I can think of any at all, and they sure as shit aren't major players in heavily regulated industries.  If your trust circle of business entities is not similarly constrained, I think you're a willing victim who gives trust far too easily and believes in silly fantasies like government being out to get you . . . some help.


It's better to be robbed in one way than another, when the end result is the same.  TIL.


Clearly.  I don't get why you care to bring BTC "to the masses", though, when you want to turn it into USD.  Why not just tell people to use USD?
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:11:53


In that case, there simply is no fraud.  Go home now.  I'll let you have the "no objective truth" argument with the stipulation that you will then admit it deconstructs your "fraud" argument quite neatly.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:29:51
Okay . . . that's fair.
I'd love to get the people who *are the problem* to learn something about the problem and start trying to really fix it, too.  I've been known to pursue quixotic quests like that in the past, beating myself against the wall of inevitable failure because I felt it was better to valiantly fight against hopeless odds than just lie down and die.
These days, I tend to appreciate the agorist philosophy more: defeat economic, political, and social problems by finding ways to make them irrelevant, rather than by fighting them directly.  In a war of attrition, the status quo outnumbers me by many orders of magnitude.
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:42:44
Are you a double-amputee?
@_date: 2014-09-18 15:40:03
Let's put it another way:
If people can't afford to operate nodes because people like you go around shaming them when they ask for some financial help running the nodes, they won't operate nodes, and Tor won't get any better (and, in fact, might get worse, to the point it's unusable).
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:28:59
I get the impression Mr. Lawsky is roughly incompetent to understand just how onerous regulations like this are to small business entrepreneurs.  He comes across as well-meaning, but the results of his good intentions so far look pretty much identical to the expected results of pure, unadulterated malice.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:34:02
Yes, it is -- exactly as absurd as what you said about not having to engage in general commerce.  The only significant difference is the level of psychological trauma involved.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:18:51
I'd say it's then "misrepresentation", but not necessarily "fraud" in any ethical sense of the term.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:53:42
You can still get scammed, with pretty much the same ease, with or without the regulation.  The difference is that with the regulation it's called "externality pass-through" (delegated protection racket), "market exclusion" (turf wars), "rent-seeking subsidy through regulatory overhead" (sanctioned cartel protection racket), "policy violation penalty" (small print scam), "regulatory capture" (government protected cartelization), and "taxes" (armed robbery as state protection racket), among other euphemisms for getting screwed at every level.


1. One example doesn't make a trend.  Even two don't make a trend.  Pay attention to percentages of markets that have had time to stabilize, not anecdotal examples.
2. NO GOVERNMENT SANCTIONED CORPORATE ENTITY EVER SCAMMED ANYONE EVER!!!  Yeah, I don't believe it either.
3. The aphorism "let the buyer beware" is not about saying "You're on your own; we don't want to help you."  It means "No matter the circumstances, you're ultimately responsible for making good decisions.  If you ignore that, believing everyone else will protect you, you *will* be screwed eventually.  No exceptions."
Mostly, regulation changes the landscape so that it's harder to see how you're getting screwed, and offers excuses for you to feel better about it when it happens, without actually making it any less likely you got screwed.  I get screwed by automotive mechanics, Comcast, and a property management company on a regular basis, to say nothing of dishonest politicians, grocery chains, and uncountable hours of wasted time (and sometimes money spent paying others to help deal with it properly) screwing around with bureaucratic complexities of "voluntarily" paying into the income tax protection racket every fucking year.  Complex state regulation doesn't protect me: it ensures that, where in many cases I would have recourse against such organizations for what is often a blatant case of hosing me and providing effectively zero alternatives, the law protects the people screwing me because they used prescribed forms of allowed scamming and strongarming that look exactly the same as honest business policy following the same fucking rules so that there's typically no practical way to tell the difference between a scammer and someone who honestly wants to provide good service, if someone honestly trying to provide good service can even exist in any given case under the system we have.
In fact, I'd say that *homogenization of the outward appearance of service providers and product vendors so that "good" and "bad" entities look identical at first through tenth glances* is a *defining characteristic* of bureaucratic state regulation regimes.  Anyone who knows anything substantive about regulatory regimes such as PCI Data Security Standard and isn't a complete idiot about computer and network security should have a pretty clear idea what I'm talking about (for instance).
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:54:09


Nonsense.  Two things:
1. [Regulatory capture.](  It's a thing.
2. Regulations are stabilizing influences for markets, in a bad way: they ensure stable pre-eminence of large, market-dominating, predatory, sociopathic firms, at the expense of smaller, more honest (and occasionally dishonest, but not *systematically* dishonest like public corporations), entrepreneurial upstarts.  This is achieved by the imposition of tremendous regulatory compliance burdens that are roughly the same scale for any size competitor in the market, which means something like 60% of the overhead for small challengers and somewhere in the neighborhood of 0.06% of the overhead for huge, sprawling, bureaucratic monstrosities.
The reason these regulations do not look exactly the same as if they were hand-crafted by Goldman Sachs without any compromise is that Goldman Sachs needs to compromise with a bunch of other big public corporations that also want a piece of the "screw the rest of us" pie.  It's not because government regulators are part of some pervasive conspiracy to help individuals retain their freedoms and livelihoods.
edit: I accidentally repeated repeated a word.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:28:33
representative republic in a nutshell
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:13:25
That argument wasn't about the *law*.  It was about the nature of the act.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:23:31
Um . . . congratulations?  I have no idea what subtle variations in phrasing differentiate your comment from mine sufficiently to get a much better reception than mine when I basically said the same thing.  Maybe you can give me some tips.
Have an upboat.  The message needs to be seen.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:17:06


That was pretty fucking demeaning.  It boggles my mind that you can think you're the tolerant "good guy" in this discussion while spewing such passive-aggressive bile.
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:36:55
The short version of what `supernatendo` said is this:
Bitcoin is regulated by math.  Unlike the Federal Reserve, math has no conflicts of interest, is not corruptible and cannot be bribed, and it is never wrong.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:00:03
I, for one, think that the guy who just wants to buy something and use it in a manner that does not harm anyone else is peaceful, and the guy who points guns at him and demands that he fork over a bunch of extra money just because some megacorporation didn't commit the act of customs "fraud" you so loathe in his stead -- well, *they* are the violent people.
I suppose, in your world, the guy who just wants a pocket-sized electronic device and is happy when the price is not artificially inflated by governmental policy that discourages commerce is "violent", and the people hurting him by forcing him to make bigger sacrifices for smaller purchases under threat of caging or killing are the "peaceful" participants in this situation.
edit:  Just to be perfectly clear, I find it rather strange that you're basically trying to wave away an entire debate just by saying something like "Well, we obviously have different definitions, and you're an asshole for refusing to accept mine."  Casting someone's disagreement with you as some kind of intolerance, while you resolutely refuse to stop disagreeing with that person, is hypocrisy -- not a winning argument.
@_date: 2014-08-21 18:06:35
Thank you for making my point.
@_date: 2014-08-22 16:28:36


Not even slightly.  I'm not enraged.  I'm disdainful, and a little surprised that someone can be that audacious in his poor behavior in that particular manner.


Maybe you should tell `ron_krugman` that.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:17:20
How does anyone think that a closed source system is a good idea for privacy?
(re: Darkcoin/DarkSend)
edit: I decided to do some more reading, and discovered there is some kind of promise to open the sources when the system is "complete".  No mention of license, though.  Will it be something onerous like AGPL, something good like MIT/X11, or possibly even something asinine like "you can see the source, but the license is restrictive"?
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:25:49


. . . and then you want to give them control over your life.  I really don't understand that thinking.


I don't know about `authentic_pinecone`, but I only consider the rampant desire to appoint sociopaths and malignant narcissists as authoritarian guardians of the world one of many roots of evil.  98% of the world is malevolent or indifferent to the point of depravity.


Yeah -- about one of the former for every forty-nine of the latter, when it's an institution whose key characteristic is the fact it is widely accepted as having the "rightful" power to control and destroy people.  Who the fuck do you think are both:
1. . . . attracted to that?
2. . . . willing and able to do whatever it takes to carve out a chunk of that for themselves?
The incentives for bad people to take over such institutions are unavoidable, intrinsic to the very concept.  If I was a controlling asshole who wanted nothing more than to be able to bully people around, no matter what style of that I chose (direct physical control and violence, all the way to the most indirect by way of policy-making), the government would be *the* ideal place to find that power with minimal risk to myself, and when lying, cheating, and stealing through legal means is so effective only the liars, cheaters, and thieves are going to be able to claw their way to the top.


I'm amazed you think they're doing a *good* job, or that the job would never be done otherwise.  Okay, I guess I'm not actually amazed at the latter point: people are generally not very knowledgeable about the economics and logistics of such things, and typically use whatever is currently dominant as the standard of normalcy so that they have a very difficult time identifying the very real and harmful problems that have come to exist as background noise.  Damn.  I guess I'm not amazed at point one any longer, either.
I guess the final analysis is this: Sorting out your misconceptions about how great a job gub'mint is doing at providing such services is a whole different discussion, and as someone with an actual job I just don't have the time right now.  Unfortunately, if you really think that the gub'mint track record for "paving roads, providing health care, social security, schools, firefighters, etc." is good and necessary, there's probably not any progress that can be made in this discussion without addressing some of your apparent misconceptions.
I'll just leave you with two quick comments that might help point you in the right direction, if you're interested:
1. Murray Rothbard wrote a book called *For A New Liberty* that addresses a lot of infrastructural and other matters that most people think are solely the province of government, but have actually tended to be much better handled by private entities and market forces.  Roads are well addressed, for instance.  I'm not a huge fan of Rothbard's philosophical basis for things at the beginning of the book, but the practical matters are well presented.
2. The "roads" thing is such a common conceit, and so well and repeatedly answered, that it has become the subject of numerous jokes.  Examples:
    * 
    * 
    * 
    * 
    * 
    * 
    * 
@_date: 2014-08-21 16:12:46
Theft is the appropriation of property by one entity from another without consent.  Whether it is legal or not is secondary to that.
I thought we were talking about the English language here, not legal language.
@_date: 2014-07-17 20:20:14


It happens every day.  I have seen instances of a hold on a regularly scheduled, previously never-held deposit causing an account to go into negatives, triggering an automatic transfer from another account, with a fee assessed on the first account for the service of transferring, causing the account balance to drop below zero again, wash, rinse, repeat.  I have seen instances of widespread nickle-and-dime embezzlement systematically perpetrated across entire banking networks (back when BofA was the biggest bank in the US, it was also the biggest embezzlement center in the US).  I have seen a lot of bad shit go on in banking, and you would too if you paid any attention.  My favorite, though, is the complicit participation of banks in a system that allows for improving shareholders' "earnings" by ensuring that savings interest rates, based in part on the bank's investment activities, sink below the rate of inflation for long periods of time while investment returns are paid to shareholders (and parts, therefrom, to executives in the form of bonuses) to increase their own riches.  Thus, your bank account loses purchasing power even as the number of pennies in it very gradually increases (due to the fact inflation proceeds more quickly).  People who are unfortunately living on the edge of being able to pay their bills then run out of money, default on loans, get assets siezed, and end up on the streets or in jail.  This kind of insidious evil, however, is not called embezzlement.  It's called "bad luck" for some people, "shrewd investment" for other people, "executing a fiduciary duty to shareholders in exercise of corporate responsibility" for still other people, and "a big coincidence" when all these things happen at the same time.
It's like evolution: there's a logically necessitated mechanism at play.  The way this system works, it is effectively impossible for this to *not* happen *all the damned time*.


Too high to count.


Fool.  What you don't know will hurt you.


You're right.  The actual harm done in the mainstream regulated economy is probably actually *worse*, before even counting the fact that the wrong people often get blamed for such pervasive, systematic congruence of misbehavior.


I guess you think it's better for 100 people to get screwed out of 50% of their value earnings because of people who want to subsidize their losses when they make bad decisions than one person to get screwed out of 90% of it because nobody else wants to get penalized by that person's bad decisions.


I'm not sure that's going to be the case in the very near future, given the way regulation is headed.  A lot of what they want to regulate, even if you just take the claims about trying to "protect" people from certain types of "bad" behavior at face value, cannot be regulated without the impositions trickling down to every motherfucker who deals in BTC at all.  Part of what's concerning regulators about BTC is the simple fact that it allows everyone in the world to do the same, regulated things that bankers do.  If those regulations are ported directly to the digital, networked, software operated world by classifying BTC as regulated currency, it's easy to see a situation arise where every one of us will have to get licensure to operate a transaction processor if we want to ever send or receive BTC between private wallets, where the only way to solve the problem would be to completely overhaul not only BTC-specific regulation, but *all* financial regulation, essentially by significantly deregulating it.


As regulation increases, regulatory overhead increases, and the costs are passed on to the end-points of transaction services, thus erasing that "cheaper" word from your statement.  Practical Econ 101.
Yes, you can do it more cheaply . . . for now.  Regulation costs money.  It costs *a fucking lot of money*.
edit: I accidentally a comma, so edited it in . . . then I added a line at the end.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:12:57
I think the real goal here is to do away with all the inconvenient difficulty of regulating (i.e. controlling) distributed systems, by forcing centralization.  If they're centralized, they're controllable.
Kill BTC.  Not just BTC per se, but anything that looks or smells like it.  BTC is not BTC without the fundamentally distributed nature, and fundamentally distributed currency systems would be devastating to the core control ethic they're trying to serve with these regulations.
If the feedback system for regulations like this could change anything substantive, it wouldn't be available.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:05:09
That's the intention, at least. . . .
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:39:32


. . . but if the gub'mint is acting immorally, we should stop it from doing that, no matter how "effective" it might be at enforcing immoral laws.
I see nothing wrong with taking a moral angle.
Anyway, the analogy seems pretty clearly aimed at the matter of effectiveness.  I think you just misread it.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:09:54


(I'm guessing you meant `s/regulated/regulator/` there.)
Regulators rarely know much (if anything) about what they regulate.
@_date: 2014-08-13 16:00:16


If you think I said 98% of people are inherently bad, you are either using a broad enough definition of "bad" (including depraved indifference) to obviate your point or mischaracterizing what I said.


Did you just ignore my entire point about *who* you have "protecting" you?


Are you done building and assailing that monumental straw man, now?


The key problem here appears to be that you think it might *not* be gamed.  Being gamed is its default, natural state, because there will *always* be *many* people trying to game it, including pretty much *everyone* -- even the "good" people of the world will try to game it, just for reasons of trying to improve things by using the system against itself (basically legal-loophole agorism) and for reasons of lessening the impact of the system's baked-in even on their individual lives (just trying to opt out so they don't end up in jail or worse for living their lives like a sane person).


Thanks for telling me what I'm arguing, but you're slightly off.  What I'm actually arguing is that there must be better solutions than ceding control over our lives to authoritarian structures staffed and commanded by malignant narcissists and sociopaths.  I do not, in fact, consider myself an anarchist -- but all one's favored form of anarchist society needs to achieve to be worth trying is being *no worse* than authoritarian domination, which is quite a low bar.


That's why it's not my argument.


No real economist expresses things that way.


. . . except, apparently, when people are working in government!  What changes when people become petty bureaucrats asserting their control over increasingly petty kingdoms within the framework and webwork of the petty concerns of small-minded egocentrists that they become suddenly concerned with *your* well-being like one component of a hive-mind, all-knowing, all-powerful, all-loving guardian deity of protection, when outside of government it's always "an all-out race for the self"?
Do you realize you *just* reversed your position on the 98% number I pulled out of my fourth point of contact above?


That's a nice story, but it clashes a bit with the actual mechanics of what happened according to, y'know, anthropologists and other people who actually study these things as their vocations, their callings, their lives' work.


I'm suddenly becoming sympathetic with the anti-human normative nihilists.  If vast projects of providing excuses for mass dominance over others are the things that make us human, I don't want to be human any longer.


You seem to be one of those people who believes everyone agrees to some magical implicit agreement to be controlled.  Ceding authority, sure . . . but not necessarily delegating.


No.  I was too young and stupid to responsibly delegate any authority to anyone else.  That's *why* parents run their children's lives -- because one cannot be meaningfully responsible for oneself until one is, y'know, *responsible*.  Of course, some people are ready at sixteen years; many others are still not ready at forty.  That's a separate debate altogether, though.


I didn't "reduc[e] all government to that".  I pointed out that government encourages that, and is inevitably dominated by it.  I'm sure that some vanishingly small number of people in government above the level of Insignificant Peon (like the lady actually running the photographing equipment at the DMV, who seemed very nice, but not much like anyone else in the damned building, all of whom I would trust to stab me in the back if it got them promoted) really, truly, only want to help, but *they do not climb the power hierarchy because to do so they'd have to commit the career-equivalent of murder*.


. . . except that government is the tool for banning guns and BTC (and marijuana, for that matter).


I've been in *many* parts of the world, and in those places where government ran healthcare it was like using hospitals run by the DMV.  DMV offices, in all the many and varied US states where I've visited those pits of despair, is the best example of how government cannot be trusted to get anything right, but for some reason people want to basically have their hospitals run by the DMV.  I guess, when you think the only other alternative is hospitals run by gigantic publicly traded corporations, government run healthcare might seem to have some significant advantages, but I don't play those false dilemma games.




A truly free market *has* existed.  It just tends to get crushed quickly by neighboring, or even internal, assholes with too much aggression and/or velvet tongues in their possession (i.e. governments).  It tends most often to exist alongside the mainstream government dominated economy, in a somewhat limited (and often shadowy) form, these days -- and long ago, in fairly primitive form.
Of course, government once hadn't ever existed, so even if a truly free market has never existed that's just as much reason to have discarded the idea of government as to now discard free markets.


When you design your economic management to be centralized under the control of some abstract entity with well-defined paths of approach to manipulate it (e.g. "democratically" elected representatives who make the rules) -- well, really, when you design any economic management from above at all -- you create the infrastructure for regulator capture and other tasty treats of a non-free economy that make customer-hostile, monopolistic, market dominating monsters the apex predator of the market when, by nature, they should be too damned top-heavy to even survive under their own weight.  That's the kind of business entity you just described.  Congratulations: you got the economy you "wanted", managed into its current form, by a confluence of accidents and intentions.
next comment: the conclusion (exceeded character length limit)
@_date: 2014-07-17 20:30:15


I support a world where we can have our cake and eat it, too.  I live in the real world, though.


I don't believe you.  I've seen you advocating for bad regulations right in this very discussion.


"Good stuff is good."  Thank you for the irrelevant tautology, in applicable to the world where the regulations we get are bad.


Translation: "I know you are -- but what am I?"
Good one.  You got me.  I yield to the better man.
@_date: 2014-08-13 16:01:13
. . . and now, the CONCLUSION:


I did refer to somewhere to learn about some of these things, and pointed out I don't have time to really deal with that in depth.  The summary version is "There are clear historical examples of how roads came into being and ended up better maintained, with greater utility, before government got involved and essentially ruined everything."  You should also take note of the fact that the roads jokes are about more than roads, too.
My reference to roads being a thoroughly disassembled pro-government argument with a bunch of attendant jokes was not the sum total of what I said about your list of supposedly essential government services, by the way.  I guess you ignored everything else I said about the rest of your list of things you seem to think only government can provide.  I guess this discussion is over, then; you're only interested in twisting what I said into something you can ignore.


Oh, well, when you put it *that* way, I guess you must have already provided an invulnerable, comprehensive argument for the angelic wonders of governments in all their many forms, and I have been vanquished to the pits of hell for my perfidies in questioning arbitrary rules that destroy lives on a daily basis!  Great thinking!  I will simply dissolve in my corner now, where you can ignore me and bask in the radiance of your own successes.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:07:53
It's California.  I fully expect regulations to appear that are deeply disturbing, in an Eldritch Horrors kinda way, in California.
I left that shit hole years ago, for good reasons.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:58:18


Wow.  I should have read this before writing my comment; you summarized most of what I said, there, and might have made it clearer.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:25:48
Unfortunately, "should be" and "is" rarely bear any resemblance to each other in the realm of law.
@_date: 2016-11-23 18:04:40
Maybe a resume or CV that requires JavaScript just means that `HeadCRasher` is not a good fit for the kind of employer who requires someone to think about such things as graceful degredation, client fingerprinting, accessibility, and "unobtrusive JavaScript".
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:53:59


That's a hazard of a novel currency model, period.  Gamblers are not the system, though, and need not have a lasting effect on it.  Only time will tell, as the hackneyed phrase goes.


My point about this is that it has nothing to do with deflation, and everything to do with factors completely unrelated to deflationary characteristics of the currency (such as law enforcement crackdowns causing a fear response from users -- which, given how things have proceeded from the Silk Road fiasco, seems unlikely at the moment).
The real danger for such investors is BTC actually becoming a more generally applicable currency as an instrument of trade.  Its narrow niche application at present is the only thing that makes speculative investment such a significant factor in how BTC is viewed and valued.  If its currency use grows to the point where it is the obvious dominant use, the speculative value of it will tend to dry up -- not because of a value crash that destroys the currency, but because of a settling out of trade value to a more stable state, akin to the status of precious metals (whose value fluctuations due to factors like jewelry and industrial use, minor instances of market dumping, and fad investment interest are dwarfed by the value fluctuations of inflationary currencies).  The very deflationary characteristics of BTC that you identified are in fact a very strong mitigation of any potential trade value loss once the currency starts to stabilize, as a simple function of supply-to-demand ratios (assuming no demand crashes due to non-investment factors as I indicated above).
Keep in mind that the kind of investment value crash represented by a "dumping race" is only of interest to speculative investors, in the long run.  Sure, it'll have a short-term effect on the utility of the currency, but in a longer term investors giving up on BTC would primarily have a strengthening effect on the currency, so long as investors giving up on it is the only factor under consideration (rather than being a result of something unrelated to investment per se).


I'm sorry -- I have to ask.  What do you think "deflation" means?  This makes no sense.  For "loan payments and contracts", the people owed BTC will only be pleased by deflation, as it means the trade value of BTC will increase, and they're still owed the same number of BTC.  It's like built-in interest.  Where's the downside for them?
As for buyers and vendors, the vendors just adjust prices (with slight lag, to their benefit) to match current values, and buyers enjoy the fact that the denominations they held yesterday buy more things.  This is not really a problem except where it slows down economic waste on stupid consumer trash, which is where the centralized corporatist market dominators get hurt, as indicated earlier.  Those guys are deeply invested in fiat currency anyway, though, because of the subsidies enabled by inflationary fiat currencies, and will probably resist accepting BTC until it's too late to do anything interesting (assuming BTC ends up being a rousing success in the long run), only peripherally benefiting from BTC trade by way of exchange for fiat currencies and never knowing that any deflationary BTC characteristics are to blame for drops in sales because of the fact they only accept fiat denominations after someone exchanges BTC for fiat.
@_date: 2013-11-03 16:57:39
I dunno -- I thought it was kind of amusing.
@_date: 2013-03-23 02:35:26


You are, in fact, reading into them.  There's nothing in the statistics that says that *any* of the people who voted for Gore actually *liked* him.  They only say that people *voted for him*.  Their reasons for doing so are not part of the statistical data you kinda-sorta cited (but not really).


You can't, in fact, tell whether *anyone* likes him from the election results.  Presumably, a lot of people did, of course -- but your rejection of my so-called "anecdotal arguments" applies just as well to the assumption that anyone liked Gore at all.  Note that I wasn't using anecdotal arguments per se; I was using plausible models for explaining the election results to show that your assertions beyond the simple election result data are not, in fact, anything like established facts.  My presented alternate theory wasn't meant to assert establishment of any facts; it was only meant to show that your theory of the meaning of the election results is just hand-wavy guesswork.


Nonsense.  I just pointed out that you don't know any of the things you claimed to know from analysis of those statistics, and offered an alternate theory that shows there are explanations other than yours that suit the statistics just as well as Spherius' explanation (which you adopted as your own in disagreeing with me): that "less than half the people in America hate Al Gore. Just about as many (actually, if we go by the 2000 election, quite a few more) actually really like him."
Judging by the votes on our comments a couple of responses up the chain, I guess someone really likes you and really hates me.  Does that seem likely to you -- or do you just think, as I do, that the person in question liked your use of numbers to support an argument about statistical significance more than my oblique reference to logical validity to support an argument about improper inference?
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:42:54


The numbers in question do not necessarily indicate they like Gore, though.  You're making wholly unwarranted assumptions.  All the numbers actually show is that the sample demographic favored Gore over Bush -- perhaps in much the same way I'd favor losing my left hand pinky finger in an industrial accident over losing the top half of my head.
tl;dr summary: **Stop making unwarranted assumptions about the meaning of your statistics.**
You just have a high statistical confidence in the favor for Gore over GWB -- not for the strength of that favor, or for the regard for Gore outside of a comparison with GWB.
You're just playing the "lies, damned lies, and statistics" game, where you throw a bunch of biases at the wall to see what sticks, bending statistics to try to support your preconceived notions rather than actually focusing on what the statistics *actually indicate* (which is far less than you seem to think).
@_date: 2013-10-27 18:36:20


This only applies to currencies that are not infinitely divisible.  Mitigating characteristics apply in the case of Bitcoins due to their theoretically infinite divisibility.
Also . . . this is nonsensical:


That is the opposite of what happens with deflation.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:22:40
You're assuming they don't have reasons to avoid voting related to the candidates available.  In fact, many people skip voting because they hate both the Republican and the Democrat, and don't care to vote third party.  A lot of Republicans, for instance, just stayed home in 2008 and 2012 because they didn't like McCain or Romney -- while a lot of people who hadn't voted before went to the polls to vote for the first black President.  Will you then count the Republicans who didn't like McCain or Romney enough to bother showing up to the polls as being more-than-half made up of people who like Obama?  That's ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:20:24
I think you mean a little more than 20% demonstrably dislike him less than they dislike GWB, which is not necessarily the same thing as liking him.  Most people don't really vote *for* a candidate -- they just try to vote *against* another candidate.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:37:29
This is why I wouldn't claim that the results of a given election indicate that "less than half the people in America hate Al Gore".  It could be that 98% of the population hate him, for all we know, and about 19% of them just felt strongly enough about their loathing for GWB that they held their noses and voted for Gore regardless of their hatred.
A more reasonable statement than "less than half the people in America hate Al Gore" would have been "less than half the voters in the 2000 election liked Bush more than Gore".
@_date: 2013-10-27 18:34:23
Unfortunately, `livemansleeping` and `gus_` are not the same person.  I think you might have been better off saying "You, too, should learn what 'Ponzi scheme' means.  Don't waste my time."
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:09:15


I disagree with the conclusion that a problem arises.  The only reason deflation is such a major problem, economically, is the Malthusian fallacy -- that we have to have sustained acceleration of economic growth for all time to support population dynamics, to avoid a "Malthusian catastrophe", which leads to a self-perpetuating corporatist system where inflation is necessary to support centralized, subsidized industry that can only avoid its own catastrophe through push-marketing that turns supply and demand inside out.


This makes no sense, and still gets the effects of deflation wrong by the belief system of the people who actually believe that currency deflation is a Big Problem.  The mythic problems with "deflationary spirals" have nothing to do with anyone dumping them.  In fact, dumping would *improve* on the supposed dangers of deflationary spirals (keeping in mind that the problem is not deflation itself, but the fact the unsustainability of markets dominated by corporatist entities that cannot survive except by subsidy and push-marketing) by getting more money into circulation to feed the behemoth.  The hypothesized problem is that nobody spends any money because it grows in value.
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:01:16
Leave your money in the bank, then.
Oh, wait . . . you didn't mean *that* kind of withdrawal.
@_date: 2013-10-15 01:10:24


1. Wallet and blockchain processes are distinct.  This allows for multiple users on a single blockchain, which is *hugely* convenient relative to the way bitcoind does it (the blockchain takes up a lot of space and network bandwidth).
2. More modular in other ways, too, which will make it more useful for projects that implement other applications on top of basic bitcoin daemon functionality.
3. Less likelihood of buffer overflow issues.
4. Fewer gigantic, ridiculous dependencies (like Qt).
5. More portable (on at least one occasion, the bitcoind devs marked a "won't build on OS Foo" as "won't fix 'cause we don't care" or something to that effect, and the basic architecture of btcd is generally more portable anyway, from what I've seen).
6. Probably other benefits as well, apart from the fact that we now have a completely independent team and completely independent codebase guarding against development and software monoculture problems.
In theory, based on what I know, btcd should be "safer" -- but, as someone else noted, it's also largely untested outside of the core team and a few outside interested parties.  In the crypto world, it's not generally a great idea to put your eggs in an untested basket that has not been subjected to significant peer review.
edit: I'm not connected to the development of btcd at all, and am not an expert in its implementation.  I might have some misconceptions, though I try to confine myself mostly to what I really know, and add equivocations to my analysis like "based on what I know" to indicate to others that they might want to double-check my conclusions for themselves.