@_author: appliancejunk
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:39:17


Yeah, that's basically it. :)


I have never purchased a prepaid walmart CC yet, but from what I had been reading online it was my understanding I could simply pick up a card at walmart, take it to costumer service and simply lay down how much cash I wanted to put on it. I would pay a $1 activation fee or something along them lines. So do I need to show walmart my id and create a account or something too? How would the coins be tied to my identity? 
**Edited to add:** Being I'm not doing anything illegal maybe the cheapest solution would be to open up another checking account just to put my cash into and use it for bitcoin. 
Maybe I should be look at localbitcoins as a seller instead of a buyer. Buy at coinbase paying the 1% fee and then list them for sale on localbitcoins. As someone new to bitcoin there are a lot of time I think I have it figured out, but then I find things don't work like I first thought ha.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:42:57
Thanks for the input about blockchain wallet. Have to say I'm really surprised to hear that as I thought blockchain was like the "exchange" that recorded all the transactions so thought a wallet at such a place would be a good/safe thing. As you can see I have so much to learn. Most of my new found knowledge is coming from the book, "Bitcoin for Dummies". 
I have yet to open the KeepKey box let along plug it in or set it up. Once I read the instructions or set it up will it be obvious how to recover from the recover phrase without the KeepKey?  
I read a bit online about recording the KeepKey recover phrase, but I thought that was just used gain to access your KeepKey again if you forgot your pin or had to replace it if the KeepKey got lost or damaged. 
Once I have a recovery phrase I can get to my bitcoins without any keepkey?
I'll check out the Electrum, thanks!
@_date: 2016-05-05 00:03:07
Thanks for the reply. I would not mind being able to hind them from the government, but I don't want to be doing anything illegal either. My goal is to just build my own little stash to do with what I want, more or less as a hobby type thing. One of my biggest fears is getting ripped off so I hope that if I go into this wanting to stay legal and honest (other then hiding them from family ha) that the people I meet and deal with will be honest with me and not rip me off. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 03:42:26
Ok, I will forget about using the blockchain wallet. 
Is there any good website to view the "exchange"?
It's reassuring to know that the recovery phrase is my bitcoins and not the KeepKey. Feel I have a better understanding now.
I googled Mycelium and first found a website that seem to list it as a android only thing. Then I googled Mycelium for ios and found this post. 
Being that post was a year old I just went to the app store on my iphone and searched Mycelium. Found a app titled Mycelium, but not sure if that's what your talking about or not. I googled it again and found some kind of funding project for a hard wallet ha. Anyway sounds like a good idea to try and load the keykeep recovery phrase to another wallet so I can see just how it work.
If Mycelium is Android only app could someone point me to a good one I could try on my iphone or mac. Other wise please post a link to Mycelium if it does happen to be for iphone too, thanks.
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:47:20
Good to know, thanks!
@_date: 2016-05-04 11:46:02
Good question, not really sure. I first looked into buying bitcoin a few years ago. Around the same time Apple removed all bitcoin wallets from the app store. Once I learned of Apple doing that I decided to just forget about the idea of buying bitcoin. Of coarse looking back now I'm wishing I would have just went ahead and purchased them.
For years I have bough ASE's and put them away for the silver bullion value. My birthday was coming up (it's today actually) and I was debating on purchasing my first 1oz gold AE as a birthday present for myself. It was as that point I thought about bitcoin again. Found the book "Bitcoin for Dummies" on amazon and read it. At that point I decided to get into bitcoins instead of buying myself a gold AE for my birthday. I hope years from now I'm not looking back at this post wondering what the hell I was thinking buying bitcoin instead of gold ha. 
I like tech and feeling in control of my stuff so why not. :) 
