@_author: april0424
@_date: 2017-11-17 18:12:22
I just went through your exact scenario (with only 2 BTC though) so I will tell you how mine went and also comment on what other people are saying here.
I told my family about Bitcoin Nov 2013. Suggested they should all buy some. They all said NOPE. So, I took some of my own money and bought one BTC for $1,024. That turned out to be the ATH and then it crashed to $200. So, I never told anyone about my "stupid" purchase. Bought some more over the next 4 years at lower rates. So, with price going through the roof and a pending drop in price for Segwit2x I decided it was time to come clean to wife and tell her so she could get one last chance to invest (she has $40k inheritance sitting in bank doing nothing). Also, grown children making good income should get a chance. So, I told her. Here is what happened. She was upset that I had been hiding this from her (making investments, not telling her). She did not ask how much I had, but she did ask what my current profit/loss was. She didn't even blink an eye when I told her I was "up $14k" on my investment. I asked her if she wanted to buy any at the next drop and she said NO WAY. She does not understand or trust Bitcoin. I sent an email to my grown children letting them know about the upcoming Bitcoin news and told them I could help them with any answers they have. Never heard back. 
So, I'm glad I told her because it is not a big secret over my head. Also, I did not want to be in a position where I end up with a million dollars at retirement and my family is crying about "why didn't you tell us about this gravy train?" - so, now I've told them... they can use the info as they wish and I don't have to feel like I let them miss out on anything.
= making sure your family gets your bitcoin if you pass =
Even before I told anyone I had Bitcoin I made sure to do several things. I placed a sealed envelope at my workplace where it would only be discovered if someone were cleaning out my office (because I died). If just gives real basic instructions for my family on where my various things are - not anything specific like "here's the PIN number for my ledger nano" - just some vague info that will clue them in on how to eventually get to the bitcoin. Things like where my ledger nano is, where the USB drive is that has my last will on it, etc. I made sure everything was broken into enough pieces that no stranger could just get one piece of information and use it for anything - but, my family could access all the pieces and have the big picture. 
"Tell her you own Bitcoin, but don’t tell her how much."
That is what I THOUGHT I was going to do - it's not going to work like that... when you tell her you have bitcoin it will be this shady thing you did for the better of your future... when she asks HOW MUCH you have and you don't tell her the truth - then you are LYING. That is going to be 10x worse when she finds out.
= will she get my bitcoin if we get divorced =
this is something I thought about as well because there have been times when our relationship is a bit rocky. The short of it is this... if divorce happens she is entitled to half your bitcoin (or whatever the lawyers decide). The real question is this. At the time you get a divorce is she going to have a lawyer that even knows what the hell bitcoin is? if the answer is definitely - then, there is no sense hiding it from her. If the answer is no way, they you have to decide. Is it worth it hiding this secret from her in order to give yourself an opportunity of funds after a divorce?
I think this is something that kinda sucks for me now - my wife now knows about my bitcoin. She said "nope" to investing any of her money - so, if we get divorced she gets half my bitcoin. So, didn't risk any of her own money and then gets 50% of mine. Of course if that happened my plan would be to cash out and pay off my credit cards. I'll be damned if I'm going to get stuck with credit card bills + half my bitcoin taken.
