@_author: april_herring
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:59:32
Tether is the next best option for crooks and thugs trying to get their money into bitcoin. When there's no other way, they choose tether to dump several million onto it, and that's why you can always see price correlation. One dives, the other gets a similar reaction, and there it goes. Exchanges in particular like to use it as an intermediary to fire money from one side to another. That's why it's still quite suspicious; no one knows what it'll be used for next.
@_date: 2018-09-11 20:29:38
Yeah that's why there's such a steep learning curve for crypto. Not saying that it's hard to learn, it just takes a major shift in psychology. You have to look at money a different way and recognize that all of those safety nets that were there in the past are no longer going to protect you. Not that they ever did, but that's what most people will believe until the local banks come looking to give you a haircut. It's already happened in a lot of countries. 
There's also a lot of false blame being thrown around because of the lack of awareness of security. I admit, it's not easy to secure your coins yourself, but that's something you've got to be willing to do if you're gonna play the game.
@_date: 2018-09-19 19:00:15
Wow that's impressive. I haven't seen a card like that yet. I'm definitely going to look into it. The ones that I was thinking of charge fees between 3-4% plus a transaction fee of some sort. Bitstamp is about the lowest I'd seen before Shift Card. 
This is internationally? So you can spend money with this card in any country that accepts visa? If so, that changes the whole game completely!
@_date: 2018-09-10 19:56:39
Which a P2P network probably doesn't do. They try to cut down on costs however they can, and not running a full node would be one of those ways. It just doesn't seem reasonable to hold up a reputation against the tiny award of $5000. Unless of course it's easily excusable as a loss...
Why is it that these issues always occur with tether? It seems to me that a lot of abuse happens through here and money is shuffled one way or another without being noticed. Is there not a better way to get USD into the market?
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:17:46
Yeah those cards are just scams. They're even more expensive than fiat ones, and they're essentially just doing the same thing. If you need a card to convert your bitcoin into fiat to pay merchants, you might as well just find a local seller and get $1000 in cash every week or something. 
Still, you need a bank account to do basic things like pay utility bills, rent, etc. in most countries. That's also how they verify your residency. I don't think that an entirely only Bitcoin person can function independently, at least not at this stage.