@_author: apseculockbot
@_date: 2015-01-30 19:48:13
You have been identified as a possible automated account by the americanpegasus™ Seculock Bot Detection System. Please answer the following questions to verify your identity as an organic entity.
1. Please explain why Dogecoin has met the requirements for propagation according to the Pegasus Hypothesis, yet Ripple has not. Show your work.
2. Please explain why the golden ratio is significant for this universe, and why the laws of physics center on that particular ratio as opposed to another.
3. Please explain whether the following series grows unbounded, and why: 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4....
^(I am a bot.  Please message with questions and comments, or submit a thread on @_date: 2015-01-13 20:21:28
You have been identified as a possible automated account by the americanpegasus™ Seculock Bot Detection System. Please answer the following questions to verify your identity as an organic entity.
1. Please explain whether the following series grows unbounded, and why: 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4....
2. Please provide a short code segment that can determine if another program will halt with an error for 100% of test cases.
3. Please explain why the golden ratio is significant for this universe, and why the laws of physics center on that particular ratio as opposed to another.
^(I am a bot.  Please message my creator with questions and comments, or submit a thread on @_date: 2015-01-15 01:43:16
You have been identified as a possible automated account by the americanpegasus™ Seculock Bot Detection System. Please answer the following questions to verify your identity as an organic entity.
1. Please explain the optimum amount of government intervention into a free market based on the current average level of human development and sentience.
3. Prove using Game Theory and Nash Equilibrium equations that $199.98 is the lowest possible price of bitcoin given current economic climates.
2. Please explain how gravity is more easily combined into a single equation with the weak and strong nuclear forces in seven dimensions as opposed to four. Show your work.
^(I am a bot.  Please message with questions and comments, or submit a thread on @_date: 2015-01-26 06:54:35
You have been identified as a possible automated account by the americanpegasus™ Seculock Bot Detection System. Please answer the following questions to verify your identity as an organic entity.
1. Please explain how gravity is more easily combined into a single equation with the weak and strong nuclear forces in seven dimensions as opposed to four. Show your work.
3. Please explain at what point a neural network becomes defined as 'sentient' for scientific purposes and when 51% of the population would also agree with this assessment.
2. Please explain why the golden ratio is significant for this universe, and why the laws of physics center on that particular ratio as opposed to another.
^(I am a bot.  Please message with questions and comments, or submit a thread on 