@_author: arabiankulak
@_date: 2018-05-27 03:19:09
When you threaten to use the violence of the state/goverment entity to shut up ideas you disagree with because someone has a philosophical disagreement with you, I think that constitutes a a free speech problem 
@_date: 2018-05-27 03:19:37
Not sure if you're trolling or the post went right past your head
@_date: 2018-05-27 04:54:47
 obviously what he said has no merit it's not going to happen the guy was trying to rile up the BTC fanboys. This is not going to go anywhere but I'll still demolish your position
Okay sure, employees at fast money are guilty. Please provide me the evidence. I look forward to it LOL
Against your claim about them pumping it and saying deal with it, please provide evidence of insiders colluding with each other in order to push the price up. Positive coverage of course may result in increase in price, but as you say, correlation doesn't equal causation. So the burden of proof relies on you to show that the intentions of the talks they had were intended to solely pump up the price. Again I look forward to your evidence on that. And just in case you were wondering, circumstantial evidence does not incriminate lol
Why on Earth would you say they're trying to pump bch so hard? How many times have they covered it? Really what's your criteria of so hard.  I follow them and watch all crypto related clips that they post online, and for my view it's a handful of times. You can say that they give them a lot of air time but that doesn't make it true. 
I don't think you understand what the word evidence means. All you did is point out that they brought up bch multiple times and said it was a good investment. That's not evidence. I want evidence of collusion within fast money people with the hopes of pumping price. No other network is talking about crypto as much as they do.  I give them huge props because unlike say Bloomberg or Forbes, virtually all of their coverage on crypto is very positive.  they just happen to to also extent that positive Viewpoint to bch.
You have no idea what you're talking about. Of course you're going to go to add homonyms and say I'm chilling for bch. Check out my Twitter and my other post on Reddit. I'm on either side of the BTC vs. Bch debate.  the moment that anybody on the bch team does anything remotely close to this, I'll tear them to pieces. So you can dismiss it and say that I'm chilling but you're literally Clueless.
 I'll still be waiting for any of the evidence.
@_date: 2018-05-27 05:23:55
That suspected word is just cya on your behalf.  Go read Mows post, the way he's going about it is not suspecting fraud lol
Sure your argument is very valid. Very much so. But that doesn't mean it's true. I'm more interested in what's true, and unless you can demonstrate that it's true that there is fraud on The Fast Money Team to push bch to pump its price, then everything you say is meaningless because it's mere speculation and conspiracy.
 That's not to say it's wrong, but so far you have still to yet demonstrate it's true. And that's what I care about. But Mow is pretending as if it's true, but  just to rile up the Fanboys. But the principle of what he said he intends is wrong. And it shouldn't be tolerated, from any camp. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 05:40:00
"Libertarians are bad people"
Yeah because painting all of us with a single paint brush vilifying us is very good of you
@_date: 2018-11-21 06:37:31
Sure go ahead list out the implications of the slogans. And I'm not stating them a slogans I'm stating them as ethical values.
But lost out the vices of the so-called slogans for libertarianism
@_date: 2018-11-21 06:54:21
That's very intellectually lazy of you. "People who don't think", yeah call your intellectual opponents dumb very thoughtful of you
@_date: 2018-11-21 05:45:37
Believing the initiation of force and violence is immoral is a very bad belief yes?
Believing that the state shouldn't be able to steal from people through inflation and income taxation is a bad belief? 
That people should have the right to control their Financial Freedom Is bad beliefs?
These are the tenants of Bitcoin. Not a coincidence that they're also tenants of libertarianism
@_date: 2018-02-09 07:40:36
Saying this new version of Bitcoin is closest to Satoshi white paper therefore it should be adopted over the older version of Bitcoin is fine. But saying that the new version of Bitcoin is similar to the white paper which makes it the actual Bitcoin is dumb. 
That's where those Bitcoin cash people lose me. Don't crap on bitcoin core. Because Bitcoin core is Bitcoin. But if you tell me hey this new version of Bitcoin is better than Bitcoin core but it still a non original version of actual Bitcoin then I would actually be on board. But their whole framing of this is the real Bitcoin is where they lose me. 
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:51:07
Thieves are looking for victims, not fights. That's why the majority run when somebody pulls out a concealed weapon. They want your money not a gun fight. Most gun situations are solved without any shots fired.
And that's why we need AR-15s
@_date: 2018-12-04 21:14:46
This isn't an issue if you carry a firearm everywhere you go. Thank God for the second amendment 