@_author: araisbec
@_date: 2018-05-09 12:57:17
Although I can see that Ross is ONLY in jail for life for essentially getting the feds caught with their pants down, and I think Dark Net markets have probably taken a LOT of violence and other negativity out of the process of procuring illicit substances, I really don't think the bitcoin community should associate itself with the illicit drug underworld - something that has already been used against this technology. 
I kind of feel about him the same way I feel about the idiots being charged in Canada right now operating dispensaries for recreational use: It's still illegal. You knew the rules, you knew the risk. He only made the heaps of money because he acknowledged and took a tremendous risk.
@_date: 2017-08-15 01:09:20
This is retarded. This isn't a graph of the U.S dollar's value - it's a graph of a pair of USD and BTC... you can't compare the two, as they are totally different things.
@_date: 2017-08-17 12:37:45
I agree with OP, and - although I see the odd warning post - I see too many rollercoaster memes, people talking about buying at the peak (and others saying they will definitely make money). 
Not saying all posts or everyone is like this, and I myself am holding long term, but there needs to be a bit more of a healthy skepticism I feel. I see the logic for how BTC can get to 100,000, and I actually believe it may, but there are many reasons it could crash to virtually nil. 
It does have first mover advantage by a long shot, and it could be a case of BETA vs VHS (where the winner was of lesser quality), but it is the first of it's kind, and someone COULD easily come along with a superior solution (although, even if they did, it would take years to overthrow BTC).
As you can tell, I am conflicted.
@_date: 2018-06-28 19:20:18
Agreed. America indisputably has a history of strategically manipulating third-world countries, extracting their resources, and essentially ensuring that they don't become additional first-world competition.
Many other first world countries do this as well. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:44:01
I completely agree that we should be "moving the decimal point", and measuring on a different scale. I think this would be supremely effective in pulling in new investors - why else would the stock market split stocks? 
The psychological effect would be strong, and besides, it sounds absolutely ridiculous to charge 0.00012 for a slice of pizza. People would think this is just stupid. If we started measuring in bits instead of bitcoins, prices would look very similar to other currencies, such as the Thai Bhat, or Czech Koruna. This would look much more practical.
@_date: 2018-02-13 01:15:25
Where is your logic for this claim? Are you basing future performance on past performance? Do you realize that this has been proven time and time again to be bad advice?
I hope bitcoin succeeds, but reckless optimism does nobody any good. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 16:17:20
Good! Screw 'em. I'm going to pay a 100% premium on the house I purchase in southern Ontario because of Chinese investors.
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:39:01
I know I will get flamed for this, but I think bitcoin is going to be coming down a lot more in value... I won't even attempt to guess how much, as I don't want people screaming at me about providing proof, etc.
I sold my BTC at 20k, and I've been waiting ever since for the right time to jump back in. I do see the value with "HODLing", but with BTC being as volatile as it is, I think it's probably better to find a middle ground, and make calculated decisions to buy/sell, and not deviate from your own logic by way of emotion.
@_date: 2018-03-12 15:20:07
Although TECHNICALLY I agree with you, I don't simultaneously. 
Yes - it would be virtually impossible to kill a decentralized network/protocol like bitcoin (just look at Bit Torrent). That being said, it is VERY possible, and - IMO - likely that government can really screw things up by requiring intensive regulations and taxes with regards to all the exchanges, and those who use them. This would hurt. I honestly do not see a future where global governments break all precedent and allow a free and open market for bitcoin - it just won't happen.
That being said, I'm not saying it will fail. Just saying that the government can really "kill" investor sentiment/confidence if they want to. That in turn could have some pretty heavy side-effects.
Edit: For this reason, I am bearish in the short term on bitcoin (as regulations roll in), although I do still think it has upward growth potential in the long term (years).
@_date: 2017-10-23 13:20:53
I hear you OP.
People of Hear my concerns.
What if "Jolly" Jeff Sessions started whispering words of bitcoin and money laundering in Trumps ear? What if the government of the USA outlawed bitcoin? I understand that the network is decentralized, but this would make purchasing bitcoins more difficult.
Let's take it a step further. Let's say that the government makes a claim that because bitcoin is decentralized, the only reliable way to enforce the use of bitcoin is by mandating ISP's to block any and all bitcoin related traffic. Is the protocol undetectable? I actually don't know.
In most cases, I see bitcoin staying "alive" in the worst cases, but I think it's possible that it would suffer tremendous hits to it's value. I also think it's possible that government action across multiple countries could cripple the network through taking out major mining operations.
I think this is all unlikely, but it remains a possibility.
@_date: 2017-10-20 13:40:20
Poor life decisions, huh? You clearly do not understand addiction. Sure, bitcoin isn't the issue, but your reply is ignorant.
@_date: 2018-02-21 02:06:23
Regular people understand Segwit - or even what scaling means? Don't think so.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:51:51
Nice reply lol. I'll admit to engaging in trolling on reddit, but this was a sincere question. I just feel like scaling is going to be a major issue for bitcoin, and probably being felt noticably in the next 6 months. I think adoption is going to take off, and I think we should be working proactively to prepare to handle it.
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:14:11
The problem with your idea is that it isn't simple for some of us to do this. For instance, in Canada, it was far too difficult for me to get started buying bitcoin. Even now, if I want to buy bitcoin with QuadrigaCX, it's such a damn hassle. 
They used to accept Interac E-Transfer, and Tangerine E-Transfer... they accept neither now, and the only funding option they really offer that suits me at the moment is bank wire... I'm sorry, but fuck paying 35 dollars and waiting a week to buy bitcoin.
I am currently investigating my options on LocalBitcoins, as I think I would be better off finding a local bitcoin trader. Honestly though, I work in I.T as a developer, and if it's such a pain in the ass for me to buy coins, then you can imagine just how far bitcoin still needs to come for mass adoption. 
I've heard things are better in the U.S, but we are just getting F-ed up here.
@_date: 2018-12-10 20:47:28
Bitcoin in 2017 taught me a very valuable lesson: Hype is real, but remember it is just that - hype.
I still believe in the concept of bitcoin, the technology, etc... however, people had insane ideas of how it was going to take over the world, shift the finance sector, etc.
It was the exact same thing with the Canadian cannabis stocks. Ride the hype train, cash out before the masses, and then re-invest at the bottom if you actually believe in the underlying asset.  
EDIT: That being said, anyone know where this bottom is? :S
@_date: 2013-05-11 14:39:16
To put it another way, imagine 50% of people adopted bitcoin and ceased paying taxes. All the bullshit aside, your country would be completely fucked.
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:25:25
How has mining in pools solved this at all? If you mined in a pool with mainly asics, but your setup consisted of only a few decent GPUs, how would this be "solving the problem"? I'm not an expert on mining pools, but wouldn't you get a share proportionate to your contributions (which - next to asics - would be minimal at best)?
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:33:10
Alright, I see what you are all saying... but what about my extension of the ASIC miners: If big investment companies from Wallstreet decide to get involved, could they not use their seemingly endless resources to develop some insanely efficient next gen mining setups? Hypothetical, yes, but this seems 100% plausible to me...
Also, governments have a way of "taking care" of things they don't like. Without sounding tin-foil hat, if the U.S government decided that they don't like the concept of bitcoin (very easy to imagine, since bitcoin could easily be used to circumvent taxation and the purchase of illegal goods), could they not just invest a lot of money and hire some of the best computer science gurus out there to develop such a super-rig (or RIGS) as I have hypothesized? I feel like they easily have the necessary means to destabilize the bitcoin economy. I mean, it could save them trouble/money (in their eyes at least) in the long run... what at all is stopping them?
I don't mean to sound like a skeptic - I like the idea of bitcoin - but I feel like there are still many ways it could come down.
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:40:47
If I am understanding this correctly, what you are saying is that mining will become less and less profitable over time, correct? Won't mining still be necessary for bitcoin's normal operation? If the profit margin on it grows nil over time, what would stop people from just quitting mining all together?
I will admit, as a computer science graduate, bitcoin at it's most intimate levels of intricacy is still baffling to me.
@_date: 2013-05-11 14:35:35
You know, it's pretty funny that some of you people want to evade taxes on your bitcoin centered income...
First of all, this will not look good for bitcoin. You can bet that if the majority of people were to evade taxes on bitcoin transactions, the US government just might take a new approach in dealing with the crypto-currency. As many bitcoin users seem to be bitcoin enthusiasts, I will assume that those of you who REALLY want bitcoin to succeed will pay taxes on it... otherwise, governing bodies will not be too happy about it, and it's not like they don't have the resources to seriously fuck up the bitcoin economy or anything...
Second of all, I will also assume that the majority of you that do not wish to pay taxes are either uneducated, ignorant, or just straight up pricks. Especially with the way the economy is today, the country you live in can definitely use it's tax dollars. Sure, there are definitely corrupt people in politics which will use some of our tax contributions to go on all-expenses paid trips to Tahiti, but there are also a LOT of people who are less fortunate and depend on tax money to live their daily lives. 
So really, whether you think bitcoin should be taxed or not, just try and remember that taxes really only exist to help your country as a whole function... illegally evading taxes is essentially saying "fuck you" to your neighbors, and country as a whole.
...And no, I do not work for the government or IRS, and yes, I think taxes are two high AND I do not trust the government. Just calling it out for what it is...
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:36:31
And I predict that by that time, there will be mining platforms that are to ASICs what ASICs are to GPU's at the present time.