@_author: arashmickey
@_date: 2014-04-17 00:59:30
If they think it, simply ask for the evidence.
"Hey we think you had an income of 900 bazillion" 
"Yeah, ok. I'll pay taxes on that if you can demonstrate you're not just making assumption for your own benefit"
@_date: 2014-04-17 04:16:59
Once again, ask them what they're seeing first. Challenge what they know about what they're seeing. So long as they're just thinking something, that's your inch of not getting assailed legally.
@_date: 2014-07-08 02:59:50
I would have said obsolete or obviate the need, if I could have presupposed a need for such destructive tools as which only governments can produce.
Don't mistake the supplying of a healthy diet for some sort of attack, merely due to the impression that is created by all the accompanying hatred for the previous arsenic-laced force-fed diet everyone has to live with. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 01:19:08
Baller! 
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:42:25
Just FYI, I'm not the same person you were talking to previously. My response was to you asking about the steps. Also, it creates a bad impression when you try to put others to work when you can obviously use the sidebar to get your answers, as well as when you use sarcasm like that. Makes you look like a troll.
What I can tell you that where I'm from, your sarcasm notwithstanding, it was easier and faster to get started with bitcoin than to get a credit card, set up paypal, and make online purchases that way. That answers your implied question.
If you want to know for certain, I suggest you try it, which given your questions you don't seem to have done yet.
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:24:06
Check out the sidebar.
@_date: 2014-04-16 22:48:51
I want these and I live in Holland.
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:58:35
It's hard not to presume otherwise. I treat everyone with respect the first time. edit: well, I try to. It takes practice. Give them a chance to dig their grave if that's what they're into..
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:45:58
You walked yourself in a circle:


Nobody can reasonably interpret "implementing a new system" as "building a new system. "
You either lack the intelligence to understand the difference, which is doubtful, or you're letting your rustled jimmies mess with your brain. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 09:40:02




-skwirllmaster the heart borrower
@_date: 2014-04-25 09:57:58
Psycho's like you depend on saviours. But they die off in the long run.
@_date: 2014-04-17 02:47:59
No kidding. And yet I'd like to know what it says in the code about when the IRS "thinks" something. 
Even they can't operate based on imagination and have to use evidence. If there's nothing to see there's nothing to tax. I recommend asking them what they're talking about.
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:12:29


Which you can do yourself to demonstrate your point. But you asked him to do it for you. If you've gone through the process, the same criticism applies to your questions you ask in your process after when you did end up outlining it in order to make your own point.
That you don't have to use a cc for pp is not new to me. Yet it's within the context of the argument in this thread. 
I have a maestro debit card in addition to a mastercard from the same bank, and the process of getting them wasn't all that different. Either way bitcoin is more flexible in this respect, which is a plus for bc and a con for pp, in case you were looking to compare them.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have better things to do than jump through hoops. If you're trying to make a point, I'd suggest changing your method of argumentation to get better traction for your discussion and see where that leads.
@_date: 2014-04-22 21:05:08
It's a bot vs bot battle.
@_date: 2014-07-18 19:26:32




@_date: 2014-02-05 11:58:35
Still no factual evidence that anarchism is anything like scientology. Just your opinion. 
You should see a shrink for that. /s
@_date: 2015-01-27 09:45:26
So when government is the one violating the "rights" - and I put that in quotes as a tentative concession - instead of defending against the hungry lion, what we ought to do is feed it innocent people and argue the lions right to maul them if they fail to feed it. Nice logic.
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:41:37
Lol are you kidding? This is cutting edge high-fidelity stuff! You must not have seen the animated versions.
@_date: 2015-01-28 05:25:27


Depends on the context doesn't it? In this case, you can't resign your citizenship in order to avoid unjust deprivations.
The claim on the territory remains to be proven. You haven't even specified the criterion by which you intend to prove the claim. I would challenge those as well, I've been down that road often enough. The rights themselves certainly disappear, in fact the whole person disappears, if by disappear you mean that they indeed exist, and are violated. 
I think just there you rationalized the rights of the state on the basis of the ability to renounce nationality. Nationality is hardly more than a religion without the scripture and supernatural elements. Both are equally malleable and useful. Either way, apologies for misinterpreting the thrust of your statement. I was anticipating that because I am challenging the justifications after all.
As for the rights, the context you've defined is not the only context that makes sense. People discuss and recognize rights in marginal abilities to enforce them and escape without or with reduced consequences. Courts regularly pass judgement in error. Enforcement and violation of rights isn't centralized in the state. It's decentralized, diffuse and inscrutable even. The discussion reads as though you've mislocated their origin to be with the nation-state, in part because you believe only it can grant them or take them away. Either way you simplify matters, even though at the same time you still recognize that rights are not static, just not quite so contingent on the nation-state or its whims as you appear to believe them to be. In fact, it could be argued that the nation-state by definition legislates violations of rights into being in anything but the most basic of protections. Either way makes sense to talk about in pretty much any context outside the absurd. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:30:44
That's because you'll be dead by the time you would see them. 
edit: ok smiley for good cheer to go with the sarcasm:  :)
@_date: 2015-01-28 03:54:00
What do you believe are the salient points? What I see is that the position that favors math as a man-made construct does indeed begin with a premise that confuses mathematical and physical properties of nature. They cannot be equated, but doing so creates the appearance that what we created is confused by what is in the world. The other relies on semantics - that "mathematics" refers to the language we use to describe something - but that something then must exist which begs the question of what should bear the new name of the thing the "realists" side of the debate referred to as mathematics. Once the definitions are reconciled, the debate falls in favor of 'mathematical' realism again. The relationship is so strong, that bad math is continually corrected by reality itself every time our errors conflict with that which is described in the real world, which already exists and can be seen prior to the real world imposing the error. Correct has two: a process occurring in matter and energy in the real world, and the arbitrary human squiggles that describe it. 
There's also some non sequitur about eternal truths and whatnot, cherry-picked perfect mathematical constructions such as circles which are generally not seen in nature, etc. Math or physics or ethics or biology, even when it's an actual science, only approximates reality, so the claim that math isn't real in reality cannot be made merely based on a few deviating examples.
The debate also mentions that math - and not just math in general but specific parts of math - has special significance to humans, but that again has no bearing on the existence of math, but quite the opposite it serves the analogy nicely in that what is named moral behavior is independent of invention. It exists prior to cognition, we simply observe and name the processes and patterns. That doesn't make it something we created. It doesn't make it arbitrary to us even thought it's random and could be anything (as opposed to say, people's subjective preferences).
Whatever the case may be, whether the debate is settled or not, the two are currently indistinguishable in our daily lives, much like free will and determinism, and the argument has surely been raised that decrying that free will exists doesn't release one from its rules but rather puts them at risk of ostracism and/or retaliation. There's merely more variables than a simple fall from a guy who decries gravity as a human invention. 
As for the case of renouncing citizenship, no you can't. You would have to leave the US first, meaning you would have to enter another country with the same setup.
But that's not the point. You're rationalizing backwards from the current situation, trying to find justifications to meet my objections on my way to identifying the root cause. Problem C is caused by problem B, I say, then you justify B. So I seek the cause of problem B and I found out it's problem A. A is necessary is the next presumption. However, the burden is not on me, the burden is on the US to legitimize their actions. No country in the world is capable of doing so in a logically consistent manner on a theoretical level, but with a few paper-thin pretexts, with the threat of force, and plain simple inertia a false rationalization that justifies nothing is an accepted by the average non-critical citizen. This provides an excellent substructure for governments who wish to restrict and ease their need to mutually compete for the membership of their citizens. Monopolizing citizenship based on geographical location is the wet dream of anyone who wants a guaranteed income and pension, plus the right to introduce violent situations. You should read up on research in neurology to see how that affects the brain and how addictive that power is. 
Let me link some other conditions which would help towards legitimizing the situation:
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:07:43
First of all, apologies for my sarcastic comment of "nice logic". I'll try to clear my head.
Let me look at the discussion again: aminok basically refers to government depriving autonomy over our own bodies being a violation of our rights. 
The other guy says rights don't exist and unfortunately gets downvoted. Here I have my first objection: rights do exist as identifiable patterns in the world. Just like math. Math doesn't exist or disappear because government enforces or ignores it. Love, hate, emotions, even abstracts collectives such as "forests" all follow the same rules as rights - they are merely a pattern of something - trees, human and/or animal social behaviors, etc. etc.
Just so, rights are a set and predictable pattern through which the world organizes itself independently from our observations or intervention. Some people simply choose not to recognize either the pattern or the fact that they themselves are inextricably included in it, but then some people jump off buildings thinking they can fly.
Moving on to the lion example. Remember the original poster referred to the lion being the metaphor for government. Here, you slightly alter the scenario to make the lion the criminal and define the government as the people who band together to defeat a threat.
This goes on to social contract theory, which is woefully incomplete for the theoretical justification of or the descriptive actuality of state "rights" (powers). 
So while your example is a common political theory, it doesn't address aminok's objection (or the one's preceding his, but that's the most recent point that needs to be included to describe the discussion, IMHO).
Again, sorry for being snide earlier, but I don't agree that if people banding together to battle ambient threats, that it logically follow in any way that they should - to name only a few examples - also coerce individuals who would either choose to die facing that threat, or are not threatened at all, or numerous entirely uninvolved fourth parties. 
In short, the scenario you sketch isn't 100% without merit, but not sufficient to address the objections in the original discussion above, applicable to obtaining licenses for lemonade stands to drug wars to more controversial policies, I believe.
@_date: 2015-01-27 10:08:26
YES IT CAN! The government can delete your rights from existence itself the same way it can remove mathematics by pretending no such patterns exists or emerge in the world naturally without its own hand creating them. /s
@_date: 2015-01-28 10:19:19
Sorry in advance if this is too long. I've tried to explain myself better this time, but I think my writing style doesn't connect and it feels disjointed to me as well. It's understandable if you decide to pass on reading it. 
First, I've never heard a universes promise anything either. I contend that we humans recognize the social processes underlying our survival and evolutionary successes and call them rights. It's not based on whimsy and pure imagination with no reference to the material world - that's the government version of 'rights' . It's not based on the willingness of one's government to recognize and possibly enforce them. Citizenship has nothing to do with rights except incidentally. Rights are based on reason and evidence, in this case trial and error in the course of man's domination of the planet. We deduce and formulate these rules using language and refer to these processes as rights, and behavior in accordance with these processes as rightful or moral behavior. 
The problem of relating rights with the *power* of government - not merely granting rights with the help of power, but their very origination in the fact of power itself - is explored [here] ( Power is addicting and distorts the moral compass, therefore distorting the moral compass is addicting and leads to further power and distortion of the moral compass. By this process, rights and duties become equated with violence itself, and violence becomes virtue. The means will always justify any end that can conceivably be attained with violence, because when power determines the existence of rights in any meaningful way, those who have the means called violence must use those means in order to be able to determine the ends and impose said conception of rights, which in itself is no doubt dubbed a right and a moral virtue.
It's a vestige from the time before man dominated the earth. The gun is there, legally speaking, not for your protection, but for the protection of the fiction that helps keep it paid for, loaded, and well oiled and maintained. It's what pays the for the addiction. The rest is bread and circuses to help with that goal. Taxes are the price on pays for addiction to power, including the illusion that power can be righteous and just. The actual cost for civilized society is several orders of magnitude smaller. 
I do apologize if I quickly made a number of points without adequate explanation. 
You asked to clarify what I meant with territory. I refer to literal territory, meaning the claim - usually unproven - to physical ground and space. Most often, the claim relies on conquest or compromises with rival claimants. Territorial claims turtle all the way down, each being more questionable and more evidence of murder and bloodshed, than of a right. The quality of the claim doesn't matter, however, since conquest is already a fact. It's imposed, not claimed. The reason the claim is devised after the conquest is accomplished is to fabricate justifications of said conquest and resultant territorial rule. 
For your government-centric view of rights to stand on its own merits, the following needs to occur. First, you need to determine by what criterion ownership exists in the first place, by what process rights exist, before you can argue that the United States followed that process in its creation. Therein lies the fundamental hypocrisy of people who deny that rights exist, and so that's another thing you would have to navigate, should you choose to defend a government or power-centric conception of rights.
You asked why I mention that nationality is religion. I mention it because the nation-state is a sophist fiction, an abstraction to rally support without the requirement to justify territorial ownership and rule. 
You ask about marginal ability to enforce rights. When I talk about recognize in marginal abilities to enforce them, it is in response to your earlier post, in which you asserted that government is the only source and context in which discussing rights makes sense. I disagreed. Smaller collectives and even individuals have the marginal capacity - marginal relative to government - to enforce rights. They are examples of contexts where rights can be discussed, outside the context of government. These examples are in response to that assertion, since I understand it to be part of your central point.
Another fact you asked about is what fallibility of courts have to do with the origin of rights. This was another example that indicates the discussion of rights is meaningful outside of governments - courts are fallible and can't always be resorted to when seeking ethical guidance on the matter of rights. Enforcement of rights is enforcement of laws, ostensibly to protect rights. Violation of rights should speak for itself I believe. The context is that your position is that rights don't make sense outside that context, and I point out that the government isn't the only thing that attempts to enforce rights or determine what a violation of rights entails. It goes to show that your government-centric view of rights is not the only conception of rights society at large organizes itself around. Individuals in society are keenly aware that the rules of the government aren't the only ones enforced or broken. 
You ask what legislating violations of rights means. A good example of violations of rights that were legislated into law, to the later recognition and shame of the 'nation', are the Jim Crow laws. 
Whoever decides rights and violations, it's not the nation-state. More correctly, whatever the nation-state produces, according to the nature and commonly accepted definition of the nation-state, it cannot be a right. It cannot be a "right", in the same manner the correct answer on a math test, which was nevertheless arrived at in a whimsical and decidedly non-mathematical and illogical manner, is still not the correct answer taken on the whole, because it's not a "logical" answer, even when the outcome happens to be desirable or correct.
No apologies necessary. Even if I had written my post better, I feel you have every right to not only point out what's unclear, but complain about how annoying it is. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:48:09
It's a brilliant use of self-deprecation and reverse psychology, and it radiates self-confidence! OR it reeks of smug naiveté and gold fever gone unglued, depending on the disposition of the audience, but I like it!
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:04:05
That's very true, but I'm talking about the volume of it! The humor, the speculation, exaggerations, the insights and zingers, the comparison with competitors, the hopes and fears, to the moon and buttcoin; like much of reddit it's a chamber of curiosities. This wizzard looks the type that might be a hermit, if it weren't for the invitation - "Join us!" The gif animation also helps. The bitcoin community is lively, that's for sure. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:50:15
You're a wizard, 2beer!
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:05:01
Yes, with the exception that it doesn't impart a sense of how much wisdom and perspective / gobbledygook mumbo-jumbo this place offers.
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:04:38
That's what they say about genius and madness and how tolerable I am when I'm drinking.
@_date: 2015-01-27 09:49:52
Actually, by your own words, he has the claim and the right, but merely lacks the power to enforce it. Rights are a pattern, not a promise by violent and unreasonable people to not touch you. It's like math, you can choose to ignore it, but that doesn't erase the existence of the patterns based on which we recognize and produce it. The human mind only comes into it after the fact of its existence, we simply lend language to a process.
Or you can choose to call "rights" the privilege of stronger people not to harm you at their whim, provided you pay them what they haven't earned. I think there's already a name for what you're equating rights with, though. It's "might" if I recall correctly. Yeah that was it, "might", as in "might makes right" or  "slavery" if I recall correctly. 
I don't mind you trying to convince people that the clemency of violent and irrational people is what produces a "right", but it's still an invalid definition. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 09:58:33


No you're doing great. The problem as I see it is that the other side has no position with internally consistent logic. So when it throws up an accusation of fraud, upon closer analysis it turns out fraud and voluntary - that is to say willing and knowing - exchange are two different things and the objection falls apart. That's not your shortcoming, it's a problem on the part of the side you're defending.
A lot of people don't respond to rational arguments, including me and the guy above you. If some scientist is doing good research, the fact that she can't convince you or the next guy isn't something that would have to discourage anyone.
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:15:26
I disagree. First off, anyone can make a claim, that doesn't mean the claim has a logical and common basis. For instance, I can claim to hit you, but that would make more sense if you had hit me first, and increasingly more understandable the more I run out of alternatives to resolve the situation. I can claim that you have no right to speak, and yet identify no substantive difference between you and me that would warrant no consequences for my speaking but warrants negative consequences for you.
What I think is actually happening, is that he can make a claim, and if that claim is in accordance to the laws of nature and our own biology and psychology which those who would coerce him also themselves submit to, then that claim refers to a right. Roughly speaking.
I agree that it may be meaningless, but only to the extent that you consider the attackers' mind. If you begin to consider other parties, you will find it's not meaningless - both in behavioral research of social behavior among chimps and humans, as well as in the understanding of human beings.
As you can see, biology and psychology determine rights, not consent. Consent merely indicates recognition and understanding, as opposed to say barbarism and animal lack of inhibition, or a mind to understand with. 
Humans 'created' math too, but math exists out there independently. All humans have created are the words to express behavior that is common to people or at least potentially common to people anytime anywhere. One such description happens to be referred to with the word "rights". 
@_date: 2015-08-12 22:07:13
I like big blocks and I can not lie.
@_date: 2015-02-08 00:23:07
[also relevant](
@_date: 2013-05-25 12:36:08
Hey if everyone jumped off the bridge, would you?
AHAHA! Just kidding you get no choice! Now everyone.... Jump!
@_date: 2013-08-07 05:57:33
I respectfully disagree:


This may be true, but then the following sentence is separate (and has a problem of its own). Because in the following sentence you refer to *a* government. But if you were talking about *the* government in this sentence, prior to having introduced *a* government, then it's like saying: "Hey us paying for the ends and means of the mafia to protect us, doesn't mean that's factual supporting them to extort you, because we never intended that!" 
Now if any of that is true, then the lie or pretense (which you yourself may believe in), is that you're ignorant of the harm the government does, and so can continue to believe that government is something that can be willingly - rather than unwillingly - supported (according to your professed standards). Which leads us to the next problem I have:


This is a contradiction of terms. Government is something nobody can place themselves under, but can be created by people to place each other under.
Furthermore, it's interesting to ask in what sense are you using the word "right" here - politically? But where does it come from if there were no government? Philosophically and ethically? But that leads to the logical problems I raised above. It's just a notion that seems strangely out-of-place, in this context.
edit: clarification
@_date: 2013-05-25 12:38:52
Taxes are more like a stranger coming to paint your house, telling you that you now owe him, that he has the right to mess you up and take your house away if you don't, and that you, your children and your future children are now bound to him. If you are lucky, sometimes these painters will let you leave their neighborhood, but not always and it's never easy.