@_author: arberg42
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:41:46
I don't live in US. Money and states are not a US only phenomenon, hence my use of plural to generally refer to governments who control the printing of FIAT currency, either directly or indirectly. And people in Governments do lie and avoid responsibility quite frequently. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:29:37
I don't get how they are 'allowed' and how they 'can be fired'. Please explain. Who 'allows' them? As I understand it the full nodes decide who they connect to. Ah if you mean miners that don't run full nodes - well sure, but they can just upgrade to full nodes then, so surely that's not what you meant.
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:47:40


Users are the rulers. Bitcoin is for users. It's the entire point.
Users decide the value of the coin. Miners decide what software they run, and what they mine. That is how it works. When a user buys a bitcoin that user knows (hopefully) it is a decentralized protocol, which means it only continues under the exact same rules as long as the majority of the miners run the same software. That's the protocol. The protocol does not care whether you want bitcoin to be for the users. I really stress this point, because if we ignore the truth, it comes back and bites us in the ass.


Oh come on, be honest. Didn't you have feelings that this was your baby as in that you were part of the community 'owning' the baby when you wrote *We built this. We will burn it to the ground before we let you co-opt it politically.* Not that anybody owns babys, and I've never heard anybody want to kill their baby so others don't control it. So don't take my analogy too far.


Sure its your money, you can always sell. But you cannot force miners to keep bitcoin as it was when you bought, just because you bought. I don't think the protocol has anything in it at the time you bought that would enforce that. If you didn't realize that when you bought, don't blame others now, by signaling immoral behavior. And no the experiment hasn't failed just because you might not want to be in it anymore. If users stop wanting to buy the coin, well then yes Bitcoin has failed. But then other Altcoins may step in with better hash-algorithms to keep the coin-mining properly distributed.


I was trying to give you an out :) Mud throwing is not an argument, and won't convince miners to do the sensible thing. It is instead showing miners that mud-throwing is a sensible method of resolving disputes. There's no peace down that road.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:52:38


Sounds like it. It natural supply and demand I think. Users have the demand, since miners also care about value, they are probably more invested than users. Actually I think users have been sad at seeing the long winded scaling debate, so it seems likely to me that the 2 MB block may actually be for the users. Which I suspect is what Bitcoin Cash aims for, putting value to the users and letting them decide which is most valuable to them. Though of cause sometimes users don't know what's best for them, esp. in the realm of software. But its kind of inconsistent to say let the uses rule, and then not submitting to their requests. 


Np, it happens to us humans. Awesome you could let it go, so a clean honest talk can emerge.


Indeed. I saw a youtube video of a china farm where they said they had 15% of the world hash-rate at the time. If that's true, it seems its quite centralized to me. Its one of the greatest concerns for me when comparing bitcoins with other coins. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:02:12
the miners decide what software they run, thus they have the ultimate vote. We ignore that at our own peril (more on that in my answer above).
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:00:12
Great answer. What I expected in terms of chains, thank you for clarifying it. I'm still unclear on how wallets would respond.
You may not believe me one iota, but I really do not have an agenda either way, I way to new for that and have way to little coin. What I do have is a very strong wish to see bitcoin flurish so humans can break free, and I quite confident that we have that by having an open honest clear debate. I'm being honest about my concerns about Core Team because those are true concerns that I would love to dispel, not because I want to cast a negative light on the Core Team. In fact I am absolutely confident that not being honest, tend lead to verbal vomit and not listening, and I don't go there. Also I figured if I have felt this distrust after all the posts I have read, probably others have as well. I saw Peter Todd tweeted he was also a big-blocker once. Maybe its just because its intuitively so simple to go bigger, but there may be legitimate concerns, that havn't been voiced where I have read them. Btw. I'm not SegWit2X, I don't think it will help the friendly debate identifying me as SegWit2x, but its fine for the example. Though I prefer to go with Core Node and SegWit2x node for my example because it makes volatile emotions less likely.


I'm not because I'm not hacking your server, modifying your software. The Core software to connect other software on the network identifiyng likewise, that's what the protocol is for. I would not characterize it a virtue to release software that just DoS'ed the Core Node, but that's not quite the story here. So I get it, you find SegWit2X quality to be LoL quality so you don't run it (I don't know the quality, I'll take you word for it that its crap, but my opinion here is irrelevant, I'm not a miner). So you mad a sane decision not running the software, definitely your choice. However if 90% of miners actually choose differently, well that's their choice. They probably also care about $60B market cap, though they may care much less about the possibility of freedom for humans as I do. However the freedom for humans comes from NOT aggression against each other, and instead negotiate and problem-solve. Where negotation breaks down, people split. Don't blame the miners if they have tried to reach consensus for 4 years with core but have failed (I do not know if that is the case). Do blame miners if they didn't even try, but even then we cannot blame miners for being immoral or unethical, because its the nature of the beast/bitcoin protocol. If the bitcoin protocol doesn't work, least build one that does, instead of pretending we can enforce with authoritarion style.


I absolute love the start of this section you wrote. I'm totally in, and I absolutely love what the Bitcoin Team and satoshi nakamoto and everyone involved has built. You may save us all from oppression. Indeed lets not kill it!


Arrghhh, don't go and kill your baby. That must have been emotional vomit so I trust you didn't mean it. Do you feel that bitcoin is your baby, and that miners 'are not allowed to take it over'? Miners are the rulers according to the bitcoin protocol, right? Decentralization. And people who are pot-invested listens to the best team, so I suggest be the best team. Not the best Authoritarian.
As I see it bitcoin has a serious problem which is ASICs. One thing I have been very worried about. However that is how the protocol works is until someone releases a different hashing algorithm, and enough mines that new bitcoin. I think that the Core Team will do itself a disservice, if it turns it back on the fact that it is the miners that have the power. They may end up losing the strong voice they have, and then miners may go and do NYA 'behind their back'. I havn't been in this for 4 years, but if a majority of 'mining powers that be' have been trying to get larger blocks and Core has not listened or not been sufficiently convincing well then its destined to end like NYA. That's the beauty of NAP, individials acting to create what they want in the world without others holding them back with coercion.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:43:23
yeah and back then you could have bought more BTC. Its a fallacy to think its an expensive knife.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:34:04
Valuable learning money. If it hurt you learned something you'll remember. I've had my share hurt-full lessons, in the IT .com bubble in 2001. It hurt like hell, but at least I learned something.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:40:27




Yeah, that's certainly a convenient lie for presidents to sell people, so they can keep printing money.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:37:05
Or probably more likely you got feelings, like 'scared' or something, and didn't recognize it. You probably aren't that stupid :)
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:31:10
Gold has risen 42x since 1970, and much much more since 1900, as far as I know. If gold was sold at the price its worth in jewels, it would probably be a lot less than it currently is. As the Therippleaffect says, its supply and demand. Whether its a bubble is determined by whether people suddenly want to sell soon, I would say. I don't know how to predict that, its much easier to predict how much states around the world prints their FIAT currencies. So I'm in for the long run.