@_author: arc_torch
@_date: 2017-01-10 01:14:07
Is $500k not enough for them to look into it? 
@_date: 2017-01-20 02:55:43
So as a supercomputer engineer, I know a little bit about this. 
Supercomputers would use more electricity than miners even if they calculated at the same rate and used the same power for those calculations simply due to the need for a high-speed interconnected fabric and high speed storage. Modern supercomputers use internode communication to do most of their calculations in a distributed fashion. These interconnects alone use a significant portion of their power. Not only that, most supercomputers have thousands of hard drives and associated controllers drawing even more power. Bitcoin hashing is not network dependant in any real sense on intercommunication of nodes, it's calculations are know as "insanely parallel" since one miners work doesn't affect another. 
Basically, it's two separate tools for two different purposes. Comparing them makes little sense. Besides, if a nation state wanted to go after bitcoin, there are way easier attack vectors than hashing power. 
@_date: 2013-09-06 15:14:38
While I frequent Bitcointalk and have a great deal of respect for Death and Taxes, this article was written by Bruce Motherfucking Schneier. If he talks about cryptography, its worth listening to and paying attention. Don't count out the NSA, they're not gods, but they've got some very smart people and a lot of money.
@_date: 2013-08-25 03:22:08
So what will the pricing be like on the chips? Will they be priced (like other competitors have done) in the just barely, if at all, profitable range? This seems to be the major problem with the current asic manufacturers. The price seems set so that the chips are just barely profitable, putting home miners at a very disadvantageous position. So far nobody seems to mind, the asic market is basically just a money grab. I had some hope for bitfury's designs, but their recent price hike for future chips hurt my opinion of them. 
I don't feel that offering a "high-end" product as the first to market is a bad idea, but the fact that you're marketing this as an option for the general public is. How is a $16k mining rig even close to an option for a smaller miner, even a large purchase small miner? I know I would purchase a decently profitable rig for under $5k if one could be found, but this rig doesn't seem to exist. The asic manufacturers have priced it out of existence to make a buck selling shovels. You say you care about bitcoin, but your company's strategy currently seems to be based around centralizing bitcoin mining and then ripping people off by selling cloud services that will never be profitable as your "affordable" mining solution. This takes away the hobby aspect of owning the hardware and any chance of profit. The profit will simply be used to pay for the person running the cloud service. Again, great time to sell shovels. 
How are you planning on protecting your customer's investments in your cloud mining services? Will you have contracts setup to guarantee a certain percentage of the network? I honestly feel that the whole idea of cloud mining is the next big rip off waiting to happen to miners. A few companies managed to pull it off in the early asic days (asicminer) and now its the "next big thing". Unless the savings of building to scale are dramatic, it will not help anyone but the person running the mining operation. 
I'd also like to hear some responses on their chip design. So far there has been very little information. I don't feel this is the best way to handle this. A bit of transparency would go a lot further than more marketing rhetoric. Even BFL has great marketing rhetoric.  
@_date: 2013-08-23 03:57:16
Check out this if you want to make bitcoins from mining different altcoins. [Middlecoin]( is a pool that automatically turns altcoins into bitcoins for you, for a small fee. Simple to use if you just want to make bitcoins...
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:37:38
Glad I could help. Good luck with your bitcoin pursuits!
@_date: 2013-09-16 10:31:50
Pretty much always a rip off. 
They charge you to run the rigs, so you lose out there. I have yet to see one where it doesn't undercut your profits by a good bit. Its really best to buy a rig at that point. 
@_date: 2013-09-05 04:23:01
Honestly, I wouldn't listen to this guy. He's got almost one troll post in every thread on bitcoins. The better way to handle your situation, as was stated earlier, is to immediately turn your bitcoins to USD. This means that price fluctuations in bitcoin will not matter to you, as bitcoins will be converted at their current price. If you hold onto bitcoins, then you are gambling about the current value of dollars to bitcoins. Sometimes you will win, sometimes you will lose. If you hold your coins, the price will go up. Sell what you have then and cash out. 
Thank you for taking the time to accept bitcoins at your business, but a little more research will make this much more painless for you.  
@_date: 2013-11-13 23:32:33
I didn't question the reddiquette of this. I questioned your involvement. Linking to is a dick move at best. 
You still have yet to explain anything. You post this article, then move to defend one of the key people responsible for a future blight on bitcoin. You can at least explain yourself rather than posting snippy links. 
It is a very legitimate question about your involvement since your account is only three days old. That's not material at all. Honestly, your account history and response here make me much more certain you are involved in this somehow.
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:07:25
Really? You didn't hear about [Bitfury's personal]( 100TH/s mine? They are up to 140TH/s currently, the latest rise in hashrate is almost certainly due to bitfury actually shipping his chips. Do you think all of those 400GH/s rigs that shipped this last week just stayed off? Bitfury's design is much more efficient than BFL's, and they are shipping in mass quantity now. Growth rate will continue until all of Bitfury's chips ship. And yes, they are almost certainly shipping faster than BFL based on numbers released by both parties and confirmed by users on bitcointalk receiving their boards. Just be glad Bitfury raised the price of the next chip batches, or they would be flooding the market. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 23:18:10
So shall we play a game of follow the money here? 
What are you getting from this? How much are they paying you? 
I think we need to know, if we are going to trust the words coming out of your mouth. There are certain amounts of money that men will do anything for. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 00:56:41
So a $16,000 mining rig that is only slightly more cost efficient than what is currently coming to market sooner is a "general public" rig? I had hopes that cointerra would prove to be the first decent and truly professional asic mining company, but the pricing shows this to not be the case. I am still hopeful that you will release some smaller scale rigs at better prices, but I don't see how this will be possible. I also question the timeline of the asic availability, it seems that even the slightest delay would be fatal, unless you're already well ahead of schedule. While I am not an asic designer, I also question the fewer, faster core plan in ASICs vs more, slower cores. I'd much rather see more technical details than some pretty sounding marketing speak.
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:38:41


So what you are saying here is that your primary mission is to help big buyers centralize mining so they can be profitable by selling shares of their mining equipment to people who will just barely make ROI? You are basically saying that the small miner is dead, just simply due to efficiency. Perhaps free electricity would make them profitable again? This is a terrible way to view mining. I worry about people like yourself dumping money into bitcoin to make a quick profit at the expense of others. So what makes you any different from large banks building their wealth on the backs of the middle class?


This is not how bitcoin works. You constantly compare bitcoin mining to gold mining, but that's a [false analogy]( When more people start panning for gold there is actually more gold. If more people start mining bitcoin, there is actually not more bitcoin, it just means that everyone gets less of a share of the bitcoin mining. Comparing mining asics to heavy gold mining equipment does not make much, if any, sense. For every backhoe that caterpillar sells, every other gold miner's profits don't go down. This key difference invalidates almost your entire analogy. This isn't anything due to a matter of scale or profitability, its that companies like yourself actually control what bitcoin miners can make.  


So you're going with the idea to trust this totally unregulated market to not screw people? I have looked into the cloud mining shares, and they do not look like a good deal. They currently seem like just barely ROI deals. If one is taking a huge risk, the rewards should be greater. Bitcoin is a HUGE risk today. I know I would much rather buy stock in a stable, but profitable company to safely make this return on investment. ASIC manufacturers seem to be forgetting bitcoin is still a risk. I'd much rather see venture capitalists like yourself put money into increasing the value of bitcoin rather than building more shovels to make more profits on the backs of people who can't do exponential equations. I've seen similar things in your powerpoints, but its easy to talk about how to improve things while making a quick buck I guess.
You also say we should give the ASIC makers some slack? If they can't make a profitable product, one that won't lose their customers money, then don't make ASICs! If you can't make a profit without ripping people off, just make something else! Saying this shows you're in it for a buck and not for bitcoin, despite what you say. This is exactly what I mean by marketing rhetoric. You are great with words, but you are either wrong or do not understand what you are saying.


This tells me you are not sure on your specs yet. If this is the case, it would be foolish to assume your chips are going to come out and perform at their currently suggested levels. Perhaps you think they will out perform your specs, so you feel safe putting out those specs. I'm curious to see if your master degree holder than design such an advanced chip. While a SHA-256 ASIC isn't very complicated, there are numerous issues that could hold it up. I have yet to see any information about what sort of asic process you are using either. Please post some details. Right now you have a magical mystery chip. Give us some real info. I talked about the importance of transparency and that was ignored. Transparency is, in my opinion, the best indicator of who the most honest ASIC company will be. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 08:32:13
Honestly, there aren't many offers that are a fairly sure bet. I've got my money tied up in [Drill Bit Boards]( The numbers add up and they accept paypal (well they will shortly, they did on the previous buy). [Carnaryinthemine]( has much better prices on blades than this guy does though. 4BTC is much better than $999 to some weird and probably scammy website. 
@_date: 2013-10-08 22:12:34
Primecoin has a GPU client now?
@_date: 2013-09-04 19:53:53
Ah my mistake on the 100TH/s and Bitfury. 
Based on multiple sources in [this]( thread, I would guess that Bitfury has shipped about 200-250TH/s of chips so far, with about the same amount due in october. There is an updated version of this thread as well. I also remain skeptical of the 3PH/s estimate for BFL, especially considering all the issues they have had with chips. I imagine their yield could be somewhat low, but that is purely a guess.  
EDIT: I also left off the Avalon chips. Those are probably about 200TH/s or so as well. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 05:20:07
In response to that, I'd like to see a 500 g/h unit that I can use my own power supply on for around $3000-$3500, with your larger rig priced similarly. In all truth, this could still be too high depending on market factors. And no, I do not calculate out future difficulty using a growth rate, I base it on chip shipments. If you're using four chips in your large scale rig, why not offer something lower priced for a home user? A single chip design would still be quite nice. It doesn't even have to look pretty. If you think miners care about pretty cases and integrated power supplies, you're wrong. I'd also like to see more manufacturer clarity about chip numbers. Hiding chip numbers only makes you money at the expense of your customers. It is impossible to value your product if we can't even guess the order numbers, as your product is basically only generating a percentage of mining profits based on total network share. If you mine with your chips until they are not profitable, then flood the market with chips, then what we thought were safe purchases lose money. This is happening over and over again, and while I am hopeful, it appears to be happening again in December. 
You mention several times your friends in Argentina mining for coins as the inspiration for your interest in bitcoin. Are you not, by introducing these asics, making it much harder, if not impossible to mine? Won't it be easier for their repressive government to hold foreign asics from entering the market? This was harder to do with GPUs, as they had many uses, but asics are single use only. Do you have any plans on supporting these individuals? Even without your own chips, perhaps getting previous generation chips down there, maybe by taking other manufacturers asic chips in as trade for your products? If not, I guess that those bitcoins just got way more valuable in the local Argentinan economy...
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:20:14
That's about right. The asics are really out of their sweet spot after 2-4 months, so its basically a game of keep upgrading if you want to keep making money. Should be easy to do if you keep making your investment back and then some. You won't get rich, but you can certainly make some side cash. The basic settings in BTCInvest should be fairly accurate. 
Your goal should be to make more BTC mining than you could have bought at the same time of the mining hardware. Just remember, if BTC goes up in value, it will be a very nice investment. Especially if you made more BTC than you would have by just purchasing BTC outright. Mining is much riskier than even buying BTC though. If you enjoy the process and setting up the hardware and monitoring it, go for it. If not, buying BTC direct is still a good investment and makes sure you're not out in the cold if the BTC value sky rockets. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 08:12:48
This is a completely rip off price. I hope nobody actually buys this. The group buy forum on bitcointalk has blades going for $595.
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:34:20
Yes, go look at money exchanges. MtGox, Coinbase, CampBX, and Bitstamp are all places to look for prices. There will be some spread between exchanges and rates will be different for various buy/sell offers. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 07:29:42
Don't listen to this guy. His prices are very, very high. If you're interested in better prices, just let me know. I'll post a link. 
I hate scammers. 
@_date: 2013-09-12 17:50:14
Isn't this the same thing on the [Cointerra website]( 
This is seriously the worst kind of blogspam. Rehosting something word for word on your blog in an attempt to get hits, then linking it to reddit and to your [thread]( on bitcointalk is weak. At least link to the Cointerra site if you want to spread the word.
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:35:22
Just another [link]( about getting back your payment from BFL. Best of luck to you. They are pretty scummy. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 08:46:01
Six months is a long time. I wouldn't try to bet on six months. I'd need a crystal ball to help there. Best bet is to plan on buying the next gen of hardware after this one breaks even. 
I would shoot for a 2 month break even with asic hardware. I've got a feeling the Drill Bits will do better than expected since they are using an external clock and other board designers have had very good results, up to 4GH/s for each chip. Barntech's conservative estimate is 2.7GH/s per a chip. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:04:50
Use [BTCInvest]( to calculate it out. 600GH/s doesn't mean anything without its cost. Plus what do you mean by "keep positive"? Asics are so efficient that their power usage is pretty small per a GH/s. It will be making next to nothing for quite a while before it goes negative. GPUs went negative much sooner. 
Honestly, if you're asking me to do your calculations you may want to skip mining and just buy btc.
@_date: 2013-09-16 10:13:23
The amount one could make off mining is only part of the equation. Mining takes time and lots of effort to do on a large scale. This is why asic makers only mine what they can, then sell the rest. They make money much faster selling asics than they do mining, and it is much less risky. Some asic makers purposely price asics so that they do not ROI (asicminer BE), a rather despicable practice. In my opinion, asics should be priced so that there is a small ROI. This ROI is to set off the risk and time it takes to generate it. The best strategy in my mind (for asic makers) would be to pick a mining pool size you can manage, then mine that while selling the rest. You're basically mining with free hardware at that point. The asic makers have the best deal by far, mostly due to greed. I think all asics are overpriced as this point and the ones shipping late are the most overpriced, even with a lower price per a GH/s. Time is everything in mining, and the further in the future you try to make guesses, the more risky it is. I'm avoiding December/January preorders until the difficulty then is more known. 
@_date: 2013-09-05 21:55:46
Yes, I would use a library to automagicaly generate the QR code for the payment address. It would just print off of a receipt with the QR payment code, allowing the customer to simply pay by QR code. Each customer would have a unique payment address and QR code.  
@_date: 2013-08-25 15:45:15


I don't believe you when you say a smaller product requires the same number of steps to produce. This makes no sense. You already have boards and chips designed for your new ASIC. Knowing this, there is NO way this would take the same amount of time. Unless you mean to say that a smaller product would require a brand new chip design and PCB design. If this is the case then your engineering team is worthless! Why should everyone suffer due to poor product design? You should have designed a more modular product. Numerous asic manufacturers  are already doing this, why can't you? 


Again, I don't believe you when you say that you couldn't get a smaller product to market faster than resellers. If you had designed your products with that in mind from the start (like KNC Miner or Bitfury), then making a smaller design would have happened simultaneously with the larger design just due to the nature of the product. If you don't understand this, you might not have a place in electronics and IC design. There is more than one way to skin a cat, and you've picked the way that screws the little guy in favor of cloudhashing. It's fine that you've picked that route, but don't try to deny it so the little guy likes you.  
@_date: 2013-09-12 20:14:10
Could we see some analysis of the situation then? Right now it is really just blogspam. 
@_date: 2013-09-04 20:23:16
Actually your numbers match my own estimates. As I figured it, BFL will ship 700-1000TH/S total, if they don't have some sort of supply issue. The company seems to lack the ability to plan ahead properly or manage timelines. The 3PH/s estimate comes from that thread, I stated it simply due to it being in the thread. Earlier thread estimates put BFL at around 1PH/s total for first gen asics. Someone also made the ridiculous claim that the Monarch cards will total 7PH/s, but I don't see how this is even possible. 
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:28:12
BTC goes up and down all the time. It is a very volatile currency at the moment, so I would expect quite a few fluctuations. Overall, I am long term bullish about the future of bitcoin. I believe we will see it shoot up in value eventually as more people catch on. This is still in the very early adapter phase, so buying and holding now is a good idea. The limited amount of the currency, its deflationary nature, make it quite interesting to watch. Just remember that rising prices of bitcoin don't affect mining profitability as you could have easily purchased bitcoin now at a lower price.  
@_date: 2013-09-16 09:40:19
Wait, the only bitcoin mining rig I can think of that is 600GH/s for around $4000 is BFL Monarch. 
DO NOT BUY A BFL MONARCH! It very well might not ship and if it does ship it will be late and not ROI ever. Please avoid Butterfly Labs, they are a very terrible company to do business with. I'd much rather look at the bit fury based boards, hashfast, or KnC. Stay away from Avalon as well. I'm not sure about Cointerra at this point, I'd be a bit leery of them currently. 
@_date: 2013-09-05 16:31:44
Would it help if you had a way to instantly turn bitcoin into actual money, using a device that instantly calculated the fee? Basically, you would enter dollar amount somewhere, and then software would automatically create a payment address and a QR code representing it. To process the payment, a user would simply scan the QR code and the payment would process. The bitcoins would be stored on a "hot" wallet on the device until a certain amount was stored (to prevent excessive transaction fees). The bitcoins would then be uploaded to coinbase and automatically generate a sale order. The bitcoins would be sold for the same price you paid for them, then in a few days USD will appear in your bank account. It would be simple and seamless. If you are in the US, I would worry about not paying taxes, as this is not exactly legal. My software would charge sales tax at least, keeping things on the up and up. 
So how does that sound as a business owner?
@_date: 2013-08-25 17:18:34
Well if Hashfast wasn't paying to promote them, I doubt he would be saying this. There's a whole [thread]( at bitcointalk about it. At least he admits he's being paid unlike most of the others.
@_date: 2013-11-13 23:21:13
So what's your stake in this? You seem to think this is a good idea, explain. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that you're related to this company some how.
EDIT: Downvotes, eh? Where's your reddiquette now? Also, you have yet to explain why you think this is a good idea. I'd love to hear something like an explanation. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 05:00:44
Currently the best place to get one is from [Bitcanary]( I don't known if they have the new design, but the prices tend to be the best.
@_date: 2013-09-05 05:17:03
So do you have any questions? I am no expert, but I can help with what I do know. 
On a related note, how are you accepting your bitcoins currently? I've been working on a small project to make bitcoin acceptance and payout to cash more simple and would be quite interested in some real world feedback on your experience with bitcoin, understanding your recent discovery of their volatility. My goal is to make it fairly easy for people to accept bitcoin on a whim without being burned or being charged large fees.  