@_author: archonemis
@_date: 2014-05-01 05:46:15
I think you may get a kick out of this little documentary about Robert Anton Wilson:
[Maybe Logic]( [2003]
Note the heavy use of Boards of Canada.
@_date: 2014-05-08 01:32:00
So that was the day disco died.
@_date: 2014-04-29 18:26:15
There are enough qualifiers in that article to make me question it's claims.
If you believe it that's fine.
@_date: 2014-05-18 18:17:33
I kept getting dogecoin tips, but I never accepted any of them.
I kinda wish I had.
@_date: 2014-04-30 05:19:57
If you know about RAW then you're pretty much already [unwittingly] a [Bob Dob disciple]( 
Bob Dobelina is more or less the indistinct Godhead of Discordia (as is my understanding) and can be vaguely worshiped by prayer (saying 'hell yes' during a particularly good guitar riff counts as prayer), tithing (usually in the form of a round of drinks for friends), spreading The Gospel (encouraging thought, discussion and a supportive environment count as Gospel). In some sense we're all Bob Dob and we're all doing our little part to make the world the majestic clusterfuck that it is. Some of us have decided to foment goodness and a beauty. But then, without the psychopaths the beauty wouldn't be as beautiful.
Praise Bob!
P.S. Since you were already a Pope you have just been formally excommunicated. Since you're now a rogue Pope you should probably go and pontificate a couple dozen people so that there are more inductees into the fold. Once you've made them Popes you'll have to excommunicate them the next time you see them. Such is the way. 
@_date: 2014-11-20 19:09:25
It doesn't matter what they think about their money if you're not using it.
Fuck the house of commons and fuck the banks with whom they collude.
@_date: 2014-04-29 19:51:31
Your username suggests that you're a disciple of Bob Dob.
For some reason I assume that you simply know about the symbology of various organizations and groups. The surface signs that only go back a couple thousand years are not exactly elucidating. They're little more than folk-lore that was taken too literally and to seriously by people unable to see the deeper meaning. Once you go into the root meanings of the symbols they take on life.
I would also say that calling history science is silly. 'Scientiae' means 'thought' or 'idea.' The concept behind 'science' is to have an understanding of a phenomenon; you make a prediction based on your understanding and then see if you can reproduce it. This is quite different from history which is not about an understanding of physical phenomena. History is about human / geologic events that took place. The concept of reproduction seems completely out-of-line with history since it would be literally impossible to reproduce the siege of Troy. All of those people are both dead and if they were somehow revived the context of their conflict would be altogether different given that we're alive here and now rather than then and there.
But whatever.
It is my honor-bound duty to excommunicate you from the Church of Discord. Unless, of course, you've already been excommunicated. In which case this is a de facto pontification. Praise Bob.
@_date: 2014-04-29 17:35:31
The '$' symbol also has esoteric meaning. Its roots meaning is identical to the medical symbol with the twin serpents coiling around a rod. The reason the '$' symbol was chosen was not accidental.
If I were going to choose a logo I'd probably do some very serious research to find something that's both aesthetically pleasing as well as having a sound thought process behind it.
The 'Ƀ' symbol seems rather slap-dash.
@_date: 2014-04-29 18:29:53
Occam's Razor can only tell you the stupidest thing possible. 
It will not tell you 'reality' so much as what would require the least thought and effort. If you believe that no one put any thought into the symbols we use that's fine. You, yourself, know very well that symbols are used by Masons and that the symbol set is ubiquitous. If you wish to believe that it's all accidental then so be it.
@_date: 2014-04-29 19:32:59
Most people only go back a couple centuries and call this 'deep history.' I'm not really interested in contemporary patterns of thought (all of recorded history is basically contemporary if only for the fact that basic human psychology has not changed for about 40k years). I'm much more interested in mythology itself. The mythology of the serpent and the rod go back more than just a couple hundred years. It is this deep mythology to which I refer when I describe my understanding of the money symbol.
Serpents feature highly in esoteric religion. There are numerous reasons for this. Many times you'll see a serpent paired with wings [dragon] symbolizing both heaven and earth united. The serpent is earth and the eagle is heaven. Anything featuring a serpent is secular. The body is secular as is money.
You can go into Kabbalistic and Vedic traditions to see examples of this. Remember that Greece [400 B.C.] is very recent in terms of human civilization. The vast majority of human civilization is forgotten and only vaguely understood by conventional academia. Our species has been on this planet for hundreds of thousands of years; the accretion of symbols and meaning go back a hell of a lot farther than a mere two thousand years.
The Greeks had a very ham-fisted mythology. They're even more primitive than the Egyptians. To think that the exoteric understanding of Greek mythology would reveal anything would be even more primitive than the Greeks. It's a shell game. Layers within layers within layers. And the surface understanding is just that - *surface*. Any initiate into an occult order will tell you to your face that you never take a symbol literally. The whole point of a symbol is the double meaning. 
I'll admit that my understanding is based on an understanding gleaned from years of rather spotty study. Putting it in a bitcoin post on reddit suddenly seems completely ridiculous. I'm pretty sure would be able to tell you more about the symbol than myself.
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:21:37
Strangely, my visceral impression was of the stagnant chlorine smell you'd expect in Bio-Shock.
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:54:51
"The masses are asses."
Sadly, reddit is specifically about public discussion.
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:58:02
With a limited number of bitcoins won't the value of bitcoin naturally stablize over time?
I mean, it need not implode so much as just become another currency.
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:56:32
you have no chance to survive make your time
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:55:54
*Y U NO LYKE MEMES?*