@_author: archimedean
@_date: 2014-07-18 00:06:21
Fuck you asshole, go choke on a cock please.
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:34:49


They are not a government just because they work as private security, they are a government if they force people to pay them as opposed to rely on private sector transactions.


Defending yourself against a group of thieves doesnt make you a government, it doesnt give you a monopoly on violence, other groups can use guns also to defend themselves. Rival security firms can exist also even if you have a group of 5 people fighting off thieves.


You are not a taxpayer just because you have a subscription with a security company, a taxpayer is someone who is FORCED to pay, you can choose to not pay any security companies in Ancap land, you will just have to rely on your own production of security (most likely an assault rifle).


10 guys with guns vs hundreds with guns means 10 guys of criminals will lose. Security guys are not special.


They are not "running" anything, if I live in this block I can tell these numbnuts to go fuck themselves and they wont be able to do anything about it.


You can simply use the general population to stop any group of criminals, they outnumber bad guys. They can form as many fucking alliances as they want, if they violate the NAP they will be hunted down and killed like animals.


This assumes that criminals will have enough firepower to pose a threat to the good people, I can tell you that if you have a country like iceland of 300.000 people and 280.000 think like me in terms of politics then the remaning 20.000 of violent scumbags will not try and fight, they will stay calm and good or be killed. There will be virtually no violence in a society that is full of people like me.


This is just bullshit, there is no reason to assume that a place like Iceland would descend into violence if it was full of people like me, Iceland had a peaceful ancap system for hundreds of years with very limited amounts of violence, any warlords who tried to commit violence would be shot at dawn by a vastly superior army of good citizens not interested in criminals running the place.
@_date: 2014-04-26 05:31:48
Because movies is science! 
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:01:02


No that is not what I am assuming, common criminal behavior will be handled by private security firms, similar to the ones operating cheaply and efficiently in South Africa right now. His example was about a security firm going rogue and trying to make themselves a government and it was about foreign invasion, in both these cases you can as a last resort ask the general population for help in suppressing the invaders or criminal group or security firm that decided to become criminals instead of peace officers.


It is, how can you exist in a society where you are hated and people try and kill you with silenced sniper rifles? You cant even take out the trash without getting shot.


Again regular every day crime, shoplifting, bank robberies, convenience store robberies, murder etc..etc.. would be handled by a private security firm or firms, no citizen would have to quit his day  job to help with this, what we are talking about is major events, a large group of men trying to impose their rule (a security firm for example) or a foreign army, in those extremely rare and unlikely cases you would use the general population and even in the case of 1 security company becoming evil you would still have other security companies you can turn to also to help, it wouldnt just be chubby software engineer vs private security.


That is what private cops are for.
