@_author: archimedeancrystal
@_date: 2018-03-25 23:46:24
This is indeed a problem. You live in a democracy or democratic republic to be more precise. A significant majority of people are in favor of that. Even if virtually all of those people have a laundry list of things they'd like to improve, they appreciate the idea of pooling resources and voting on how they get appropriated and used.
Now another group of people like you hates democracy and says all who favor it are scumbags. So what to do? Are you planning to try and bring the entire system down by whatever means necessary regardless of what others want? And even you succeed in bringing it all down, what are you going replace it with beyond some vague "me and my buddies can take care of ourselves"?
In the meantime, what about things like roads, schools, emergency services and defense? Do you want to be a freeloader and try to get everything for free? Should we ban you from using the roads and leave you to die in an emergency?
I believe you and I might agree that what was supposed to be OUR government has become increasingly corrupt and tyrannical and that many people's voices (in some cases a majority) are not being heard. However, I'm not a burn-the-whole-house-down-to-kill-a-few-rats-before-even-having-a viable-replacement-to-move-into kind of person.
I've always wondered why we can't assign some land and resources to folks who want to live in ways that are incompatible with the common will. Or, less radical, open up with ability of certain states to operate with less interference. I believe these ideas should include years or even decades of advance warning, a choice and resources to move into or out of such areas before making radical changes.
What do you think? We need ways to resolve the friction and resentment before it devolves into exponentially greater chaos and violence.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:38:01
What do you expect? On one side, there are powerful, dedicated forces pushing the world in that direction. They get up every day relentlessly pushing multi-layered strategies of deception and manipulation for decades--willing to take a yard here and steal an inch there as long as it moves their agenda forward. 
On the other side, we have otherwise generally like-minded people, a large percentage of whom, at best, have no effective strategy if they haven't dropped out of the political battle entirely because "last time I was stupid enough to waste my time voting, I didn't get what I wanted". Meanwhile, warriors like Sanders and Warren are left out there fighting alone for years with few if any new progressive candidates coming in to strengthen their position. And moderate politicians who are far more amenable to having their arms twisted in a direction we would prefer, get pushed in the opposite direction instead because constituents on the right are more likely to vote and in larger numbers. Who are they going to represent? People who vote or people who criticize and complain from the sidelines?
And the comments about "a lot of statists in here" or whatever--please tell us what you're going to replace the state with? Some kind of half-baked anarchist pipe dream? Don't you guys realize this was supposed to be OUR government (of, for and by the people)? 
Yeah, we lost control of it and the deceivers who talk about limited government are actually building a police state that is far more dangerous than any welfare state scenario they can dream up. But do you guys think spreading apathy/defeatism, complaining vigorously in social media, taking tough about some ideal, pure utopia without any effective action/strategy is what's going to turn all this around or have you just given up??
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:56:51
And let's not forget net neutrality. Just ignore the fact that one side is fighting, but repeatedly getting outvoted on many of these issues because a big chunk of their base has been neutralized/paralyzed into believing nothing can be done and it's a waste of time to get involved or be discerning about details. Pathetic...