@_author: archons_
@_date: 2018-05-09 08:21:03
Hey there RallyUp, i see your getting a lot of down votes and people who are attacking you in the comments. First off, not cool. When we disagree with someone we should lay out our counter argument to their idea, not attack them as a person.
with that being said, i would love to provide my first hand experience with the market place. Feel free to look at my post history, I was widely active in the harm reduction scene a few years back and tried to take an academic stance to drug usage, and often took quite a lot myself.
The top claim that plenty of people died of an OD / tons of counterfeit product is completely wrong. The largest cause of drug overdose is adulteration where users buy a drug thinking its pure substance X, then taking a large but normal dose and having it end up be a mix of X and Y with some cutting agent. The dose response of Y might be different which can lead to bad side effects. 
You see this a lot with street drugs (such as fentanyl laced heroin, which is near impossible to mix evenly)... the good news is, that the original sink road had almost none of this. I say almost because i cant speak to an absolute here, but i never talked to anyone that tested dnm drugs that were not sold accurately, nor did i experience that myself. There was a very rigid review system in place where anything other than the most stellar reviews would be a death sentence to the vendors sales. There were even anonymous groups in the forums that would buy random vendors LSD (which is probably the most counterfeit psychedelic) and rate the vendors on how much they over sold the dosage and what the lab tests came back as (a lot were even GC/MS tests so you knew beyond a doubt it was real).
@_date: 2018-05-09 08:32:16


I think this is the wrong way to think about it.
The abundance of birth control doesnt lead to the rate of teen pregnancy. Teens will have sex regardless of that. The ones that won't either made the choice, or arent because they dont have access to sex and will when they can (maybe as adults, thus not falling into your statistic). Its the same thing for drug use.
A teen decides to try drugs. most of the time they aren't pushed onto them. the availability doesn't have anything to do with it. I have been to plenty of parties where people are having fun socializing, drugs come out, and people generally are fine saying no and still being part of the social activities. Others might want to but cant, then do later in life... regardless of if your the young adult trying something new, or the kid at a party interested in something - the important part is we teach how to research, test your drugs, limit your intake, and wait for the effects before trying more.
