@_author: arcminute
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:26:02
its going to swing down, hit your price, then fly up another 1000%
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:36:37
The thing is, people are sighing up for mt.gox to play speculator.  How many of them really give a shit about using bitcoin to buy anything? Has bitcoin usage surged or just the volume traded?
Bitcoin is going to fall like a rock unless people actually have a want and reason to keep them besides thinking that the price is going to go up.  
We have to ask ourselves this: why is the price going up?   
* Did loads of people suddenly realize in the past month the practical use of bitcoin for purchases?  
Answer: NO.  How could it? The price has been going up like crazy, why would anyone use a reasonable quantity of them to buy anything?  Especially at this time. 
* People really are worried about governments' unstable currencies?
Answer: NO.  Besides Some tech savvy people on Cyprus who might use bitcoin as a why to get around their government taking money, I doubt most people are worried about this. And the people who should be worrying probably don't live where most people are rich enough for computers yet. Bitcoin is a long term thing.
* It looks like a sure bet so buy it and you'll make money?
Yeah, please tell me one person who isn't kicking themselves right now wishing they bought more earlier on.  People are buying more than they need because they are just investing/trading/speculating on the price.  Eventually, the price will stop rising, but then what? "What am I going to do with all these bitcoins I bought? Spend them? I haven't a clue what to do with them, and the price has been rising so fast I'm actually starting to worry about it dropping, so I can't keep them. I need to sell them as quickly as I can. I only saw an opportunity to make money." Once enough people think in this way, whatever the price might be, then the price is going to fall hard. 
I feel like there are 3 parts to bitcoin.  There's the miners, who make the bitcoin and toil with their hardware and what not.  There's the traders, who speculate on the market to make a buck.  And there's the activists who promote its use so that it may survive another day and turn into something great and practical for many people.
@_date: 2013-04-05 04:47:40
I'm not sure why everyone is so positive on this. I know everyone here loves bitcoin, but big businesses can't operate when its accepts currency that can fluctuate by large percentages in a single day.  The risk is ridiculously high.
Think about the magnitude of the decision. If valve goes ahead and says they accept bitcoins, they will realize they are willing to take millions of USD worth of bitcoins.  If the price decreases by just 5% then that's a huge chunk of change they'd be losing.  They are in the business of making games, not currency speculation.
International firms that receive and spend large amounts of foreign currencies *hire* individuals to manage their exposure, and sometimes with the risk of just a few percentages over months.
Finally, Valve simply doesn't have the use for bitcoins right now, its not widely accepted enough that they can actually do anything useful with them.  Can they pay their employees with them? No. Can they pay their office lease? No. Can they spend them on anything besides converting it back to dollars? I don't know, but it sure doesn't seem like it.
There's still a while to go before big companies will accept bitcoins.  It needs to be pervasive and stable.