@_author: arct1cf0x
@_date: 2017-10-16 04:00:40
I hope so, as bitcoin has absolutely amazing potential.
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:16:31
A takeover by a select small group of miners and exchanges backed by essentially one developer.  This small group of miners controls a majority of the hashing power and the select group of exchanges control a significant portion of end users.  I define "takeover" as the majority being co-opted by a few.
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:36:27
I don't disagree.  I truly believe we will need an increase eventually.  Not to conflict with my other post above.  It is really a question of timing.  We need to keep healthy tension in the system to drive additional efficiencies and new ideas into the system.  Otherwise, we end up with bloat.  With added efficiencies like what Schnorr signatures provide us (approx 20% reduction in block space usage), we can help keep a healthy volume of nodes running keeping the overall bitcoin system healthy.  Unfortunately, I feel we have business minded folks trying to lead the discussion without understanding the technical trade-offs their push for bigger blocks immediately in the short term are creating.
Again, I am for increased blocks, but the imperative need for them is not clear in the short term.  We should take the time afforded us and plan for an upgrade longer term.  I fully expect BTC1 to cause significant and possibly irreversible problems once it goes live with the 2x change in protocol next month.
@_date: 2017-10-16 03:54:06
We are in violent agreement.  :)  When I refer to increased blocks, my preference is to work on efficiencies first, then block size second.  Thanks for the post!
@_date: 2017-10-22 22:45:13
We have over 400 contributors to bitcoin today.  I agree that it should be leaderless, but that is a considerable amount of talent you are willing to throw away (which brought us thus far quite successfully) without anyone lined up behind them to take their place.
Isn't this akin to being in a boat in the middle of the ocean and saying you don't like the boat you are in.  You are willing to jump overboard, but don't have another boat lined up to carry you...how long do you think you can tread water before you drown?  Sounds kind of risky.
@_date: 2017-10-16 03:52:19
I wanted to say that I appreciate the level headed responses without the typical vitriol we have been experiencing of late. :)  Thanks!
The problem we have with weighting them is that we miss out on the true representation of an informed user base.  This is a similar problem to democracy when you have so many uninformed voters coerced by the populist movements driven from biased media, but I digress.
If we allow a small number of companies, who happen to have many users, to drive these decisions, do we feel they are accurately representing their users?  I have not seen any informed dialog between Coinbase, Shapeshift, Xapo, etc and their users, which leads me to believe they are actually making an informed decision when pushing the B2X agenda.  Their decisions would need to be based on true user feedback and to get that they need to actually open dialog with their users.  Otherwise, their decisions are driven by their perception of what they think is best for their business, not necessarily what their users want.
I would agree that we are truly lacking a viable way to measure user sentiment.  In this case would it not make sense to open the dialog with more users first rather than make a hasty change that risks the entire environment?
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:05:48
He currently has about 45k btc which he uses to sign polls with only.
It seems though that he does not follow through with his poll voting.  If he had, he would have sold at least some BTC for BCH, no?  This really doesn't seem to feel right for all those people who did buy BCH based on his evangelizing it.  Why would he not take his own funds to buy in?
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:06:22
Both chains will exist separately, though clients will be confused as to which chain to connect to in the short term, among other issues.
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:57:46
Here is a link to the only article I found, which has Gemini taking a wait and see approach.  They appears to be neither supporting nor denouncing B2X.
Anyone have anything newer?
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:27:35
Yes.  Part of the path B2X takes us on is, first the consolidation of the nodes as they become more costly to run driving, then to be more centralized and ultimately reducing their total number.  With a reduced number of nodes, whose purpose is to keep the miners in check, they then have the ability to subsume those remaining into a more easily controlled and centrally managed protocol change at their whim.  This could include increasing the 21M cap, for example.  This really worries me as a very long term bitcoiner.
@_date: 2017-10-16 02:01:27
True it is difficult to measure what the true "majority" is.  Do we expect that the majority of miner's and a small handful of businesses signed on for the NYA represents the majority?  Even some of the original members have raised concerns with the BTC1 approach and have rescinded their support.  While I agree, I have nothing to point to directly that shows a majority do not want 2x, only the miner's and additional NYA members have indicated that they want it.  In fact, there is a significant number of businesses clearly articulating they do not support it.  Do they represent a majority?  There are more of them than NYA member signatories.
Others have indicated that because the few NYA members represent a very large portion of the bitcoin user base, that infers on them a majority rule.  I would disagree with this as there is no indication those NYA members truly have the backing and support of their users.  For example, I am a Coinbase user, or at least was, and have many family members who still are.  I am against it B2X because of the risk it imposes on the network and continued development, while my family are not technical and really do not understand the implications. As such, I inferred the small number of NYA signatories as the "small group".
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:05:38
B2X is not a fork.  It is a protocol change, which is being forcefully applied to the existing Bitcoin chain without full consensus.  Otherwise, your advice is correct and the best way to protect your coins is to pull them off of any online service onto a wallet you control and wait it out.  Ledger, Trezor, paper wallet, Electrum, etc.  See  for a list of wallets you can use.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:08:33
Yes, Roger didn't follow through with that "bet" either.  It seems he still believes in BTC too.  Otherwise, I would have expected him to sell his BTC, no?  Very telling.
@_date: 2017-10-23 03:07:11
Yes, this was the problem that brought me out of my typical lurking mode...They are not even really going to let the market decide.  They are essentially trying to completely co-opt the original chain without letting anyone really have a say.
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:18:00
I believe the difference with ETC is that there was a clear separation of the chains.  In this case B2X is not looking to separate the chains but to use the higher hashing power to essentially change the protocol and "become" bitcoin.  ETC and BCH are more of a match in this case as I understand it.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:05:27
Just to be clear...there will not be a B2X coin separate from a BTC coin.  They will not be able to co-exist peacefully together.  The problem is that many of the current bitcoin clients are positioned to follow the longest proof of work.  As B2X miners and BTC miners work on their respective chains, clients will chain-snap (term I like pulled from the technical discussion thread) as each chain grows, connecting to the longest chain.  What this means is, if you make transactions on one chain, then get snapped to the other chain, your transactions will be left behind.  As well, without proper replay protection in place, you risk having those transactions being used against you.  This is going to create quite a mess...
While I was not a proponent of BCH, I do respect their approach to building in strong replay protection, which not only protected BTC, but also their forked chain.  B2X is not doing this, unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:31:05
Most financial advisors I know are locked into a particular set of products and are not allowed to stray.  Only when their up line broker offers bitcoin, will they typically be able to.  Generally, they are pushing their own mutual funds or other products and it is very hard for them to offer something not already approved in their portfolio.
So, even if bitcoin becomes approved for institutional investment, it still needs to be recognized by each financial company as an approved product.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:43:25
Part of the problem is with the existing clients not clearly understanding which chain to connect to, which opens users up to the potential for fund losses.
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:21:22
Correct.  With the players driving this, they will control what their users are buying and ultimately will be selling to them a subverted bitcoin matching their new definition.  This does not feel like consensus, especially when most people are not understanding what is happening.
@_date: 2017-10-23 01:58:04
This argument seems a little silly.  This is akin to saying something like, if someone tells you to build a rocket with popsicle sticks, when all the engineers ALL tell you you should not, and you go ahead anyway to "test" the system, I pity the astronauts who go up in a ball of flames.
@_date: 2017-10-16 03:59:46
If you look at the contributors in Github, there are only about 3-5 of the 475, I believe, that are from Blockstream.  My reference is not the sock puppets on Reddit, in case that is what you were referring to.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:56:46
As I understand, core devs are working towards increasing block size, but in a controlled and fully tested fashion.  Schnorr signatures for example will give another 20+% increase in effective usable block size.  See also information on Lightning networks.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:39:27
Fair points.  I appreciate having a reasonable discussion on this even if we don't see completely eye to eye on the timing aspect.  I think for myself, it is really a question of risk versus timing.  I see there being considerable risk in the approach Garzik is taking and would prefer to hold such a change until more thoroughly tested.  With a hard fork, I would also expect us to take that opportunity to add in other wish list items that need a hard fork.  Core devs, I understand, do have a wish list of items to include in a hard fork, and are even looking into the impacts a hard fork would cause.  I do not think they are completely against it, but again, they want to ensure the code is fully tested and implemented so as to cause zero downtime.
Core devs have a tremendously successful track record to date in making changes.  BTC1 is swapping code changes in the 11th hour.  Risk seems to outweigh the reward in the short term...
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:01:39
The hash power and some key exchanges are contentiously implementing a change.  This is analogous to a 51% attack on the bitcoin network.  Most users are oblivious to the associated impacts, unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:11:21
I would agree with you in principle.  I think the difference here is that without strong replay protection, and without most clients having built-in the ability to select which chain to follow, you end up with confusion and open many users up to replay attacks, putting their funds at significant risk.  As I understand, no testing of existing wallets (SPV or not) has been conducted to understand the impacts these competing chains will cause.
@_date: 2017-10-23 02:22:47
stale2000, I agree with the concept, but it's the devs themselves you are suggesting should be eliminated to then test whether bitcoin still survives?
Now you are saying you want to see if the astronaut flying your posicle rocket can survive without air?  Sorry, but I really think this is a bit of a suicide mission.
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:28:58
Some clients do.  Here is a post on the Segwit2x technical discussion to help...sorry if too techy...
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:30:32
There will be two chains, but the intent of the B2X chain is to takeover and replace the BTC chain, and not be separate from it.  It is the equivalent to a hostile takeover.  Therefore, I would not count on actually getting 2 coins in the end, driven primarily by the lack of replay protection.  Without this protection, most clients will be confused and could chain hop causing even more problems.
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:09:52
Thanks for posting this.
@_date: 2017-10-22 16:14:57


I hope you are right, but fear you are not.  Most people I fear do not have the foresight to realize they are cutting the head (i.e. developers) off and expecting the body (i.e. bitcoin ecosystem) to continue to function. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:32:18
When you setup the first ledger and it gives you the 24 word seed write that down.  Then when you setup the second ledger, you can indicate you do not want to set it up new, which will then allow you to enter your same 24 word seed.  They are now both in sync and can both be used to access the same bitcoin address.  Additionally, the passphrase can then be used to access your hidden account.
Keep in mind, there are technically as many "hidden" accounts as you want, with each one corresponding to its own passphrase.  The ledger only lets you store one on it though tied to a secondary PIN.  Sorry, is this creates more confusion.
@_date: 2017-05-31 23:57:22
No breach...but you cannot be too careful.  I would suggest having them both in sync so you have redundancy in your setup.  In the end, it really is up to you as to how much effort/security/risk you want and can handle to keep your money safe.  Your computers are much less safe than you think.  Don't trust them.  And if you are logging in from them to post about you owning bitcoins, then you might be opening yourself to having you post and consequently your IP traced back to your location (physically too), which then opens you up to even more risk.
I may be a little too paranoid, but better that than being one of the many statistics out there sharing how they lost theirs...
You are your own bank now, remember.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:15:24
Suggest you buy two, if you can afford it.  Also I would get a couple cryptosteel units to have redundant backups of your seed.  Finally, I would use the new passphrase feature of the Ledger (BIP39) to add a final layer of security to your wallet system, as this will mean if someone does find your cryptosteel, they would still need the passphrase as well to access your bitcoin.  Store your steels in different locations and store your passphrases in other locations, so the passphrase and cryptosteel are never together.  Setup the Ledgers with the seed and passphrase and a PIN for it so you can access it if needed, while keeping a small amount of coins in the non-passphrase account on your Ledger.  This allows you to have access to both a small amount to use for spending with one PIN and your main storage with another secret PIN.
Now you have redundant seed and redundant passphrase, with the need for at least one steel and one phrase to come together to restore your access on another ledger, if you lose both your ledgers.
With two ledgers, you have redundancy to access your coins and can also access your "cold storage" account with a separate PIN.  And your steels and passphrases are positioned to protect you in the event of a catastrophe or death.
Total cost is about $260 for serious piece of mind...so it really depends on how many you have to make this worth it or not..
@_date: 2017-06-01 23:08:31
Drippy, here is an article making the point of my previous post.
You should login to make posts with a TOR Browser if you want and use an account that is not traceable back to you in any way.
"Don't talk about Bitcoin Club"