@_author: ardenthash
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:15:07
How about you invest in something worthwhile...like gold or silver. Then come talk to me. 
Every currency is fiat, including BTC. You have nothing backing it. Also, last time I checked, most legit monex's dont file for bankruptcy after running away with all your spacebux.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:25:22
YAY GUISE! Let's pay some dude's legal fees with a currency that has exactly no worth whatsoever. 
Who is still mining buttcoin anyways?
@_date: 2014-03-09 01:26:15
You seem slightly retarded. 
To the extent that one cannot pay for a blowjob with bitcoins, except for perhaps from a gay, Thai, libertarian aspie, bitcoins are worthless. 
Jews will point out that the exchange rate between bitcoins and US dollars is steadily increasing, dodging the fact that no one has ever purchased real sex via bitcoin, but this is a ploy to get your money.
It has also been speculated by people who deal with non-pretend money, aka financial neckbeards, that bitcoins have lesser real life day-to-day value then a really good turd pinched out at about 7:45am in the morning.
Indeed, this can be best described with the scenario of sighting a homeless man holding out his cap on the sidewalk.
You cannot give him bitcoins to begin with as;
They're not even real. You cant mint fail.
He couldn't buy anything worth a fuck with them anyway, not even soap.
But, if you shit in his cap;
He could bask in its warmth for a while and forget his troubles.
Also, a lot of economics majors argue that the value of Bitcoin is a refutation of the Efficient Market Hypothesis, since it's a fucking puddle of afterbirth left over from a pregnant lesbian fingerfuck done by retarded shits who suck bears in the woods.
Mining is the act of having your PC solve some math problem, via a program downloaded from bitcoin overlords. It's kinda like mining in WOW except you're still a faggot. When you achieve flawless victory you are rewarded with a batch of coins, although the rate the coins are handed out on a whole is limited and you are also competing against a botnet mining outfit. Unlike digging up shiny gold nuggets with a shovel that are easily sold to the jews, wasting your electricity on mining bitcoins is risky business as the value of these chocolate coins go up and down wildly and without reason like a bi-polar transvestite with a crack addiction, and jews cant make false teeth out of bitcoin yet (although the nazis would have figured out how to remove them with pliers). You are probably better off installing whatever call of duty games came with the graphics cards and waiting for the next imaginary money bandwagon.
Budding miners can spend thousands of dollars on graphics cards chained together like black people in order to winrar. With the absolutely massive price crash in the value of the bitcoin lately and the rate coins are handed out you can pick up good cheap graphics cards on ebay now. If you're lucky, you might pick up the probably awesome gaming rig that gave some fucktard brain damage via heatstroke trying to be a internet millionaire. A dozen GPU's around you in a circle can build up enough friction to shower your face in loving bitcoin, but if you'd like to be fucked slowly we'd recommend you use your CPU.
It has been rumored the entire mining operation is a scam in itself, with bitcoin users downloading not math crunching software, but a animated gif of a GUI from the Amstrad 8256 calculator program. The combined graphical power being harnessed by bitcoin rulers is then sold in blocks of hours to ILM so they can cheaply add random tie fighters and they way Han Solo's crotch bulge was defined, "as George Lucas originally envisioned" in the upcoming Star Wars: propriety format edition. This is actually not as far from the truth as you'd think.