@_author: ardvarkeating101
@_date: 2018-05-22 02:46:01
This is the most embarrassing thing I've ever read.
Please blow your middle-class white brains all over the wall immediately.
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:02:02
I'm not explicitly running a website for illegal activities and then crying "libertarian values, it wasn't explicitly about running a black market"
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:40:15
Clearly not in Saudi Arabia retarded 
Inb4 but it should be, you just said it wasn't illegal in most of the world, implying it wasn't illegal to do
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:49:27










Because people are more likely to buy something if it's not illegal, and you can't stop once you start without a financial investment and serious willpower.


Yes, that approach is better education and economic reform to stop people needing to go to drug dealers to get better jobs.


The health deteriorating effects, and the difficulty of being addicted and a functioning human being leading to all kinds of negative outcomes, not to mention the effects it has on kids who don't know any better.




It won't and I seriously doubt that many heroin users can afford to pay for it.  The big difference here is that pot is not physically addictive, and doesn't come with nearly as many health hazards.  Heroin does.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:52:50
Dude, you've ignored every request for data that I've given you and you answered solely with emotions.  You've never asked me for data so I don't know what to say.  You still don't dispute my points that not everyone can be a functional addict and we can't afford treatment centers just with taxation.  
Until you're willing to be an adult and say something other than "I know you are but what am I?" I'm done.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:05:37
The bigger picture that it's not for you to decide what laws to follow?  And that defending your crimes with "but I disagree" is not good enough?  The bigger picture that you're too lazy and smug to ever try to change the laws that you hate?  
Or perhaps the bigger picture that you're giving weak-willed people the path to unwillingly killing themselves because you want to get high?  
You keep arguing that your philosophy is just but it's never actually worked in the history of this or any other country.  
Head to Somalia for you fucking libertian paradise.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:27:24


Except when they're either stupid kids or unable to function in society or unable to stop afterwards.  I've been over this and you've glossed over it.  


Dude, you're just straight up ignoring what I've been saying and going in a circle.  Please reevaluate your beliefs based on the evidence presented instead of just repeating your argument again.  


That won't stop ANY OF THE POINTS WE'VE BEEN DISCUSSING THIS ENTIRE TIME YOU FUCKING DOLT!  Jesus man I've been trying to be clear and rational but you just won't.  fucking.  listen.  


Yes, but we won't be able to afford the rehab and we'll have more people addicted overall.  I mean seriously dude, WE'VE BEEN OVER ALL OF THIS AND YOU JUST IGNORE IT.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 06:06:11
Wow, more illegal stuff on that website.  Such a shock.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:28:51


Yes, because that is the problem with heroin.  Absolutely.
You know what I'm not even going to deal with you anymore because you have consistently ignored everything that proves you wrong.  
You have no data to back you up, just vague claims.  You have no ability to admit the aforementioned lack of evidence.
You will continue to spill your mindless drivel until you either get bored of the topic or are banned from anywhere that isn't an echo chamber because you cannot defend yourself in any way.  
You will continue to ignore facts that get in the way of your easy answers because that would require you to reevaluate your beliefs and you are incapable of that.
When you go through life, you follow a map that allows you to check things off as you go along.  If things start to happen in ways you don't expect them to, it doesn't mean reality is wrong.
It means your map is wrong.
And you either change your map, or you get lost.  
I think we both know which one you're going to choose.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:20:35
Okay, people in the 19th century did lots of things that turned out to be harmful.  I'm not sure how that is supposed to affect my views on drugs.  I'd look up the effect of unrestricted opium use in China if I were you.
"One would expect that Congress and the state legislatures, as they stiffened the penalties for using and selling drugs, possessed overwhelming evidence about the harmful effects of opiates. Yet, on the contrary, they had no such evidence, and even today there is absolutely no scientific basis for the claim that the regular use of opium, morphine, or heroin has deleterious health effects. "
Okay, I stopped reading here.  This guy is just making shit up now.  Please read your own sources before linking someone else to them.
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:54:16


I'm sorry I forgot to add random words to my definition of data.
@_date: 2017-05-23 22:30:06
Show me one piece of data you've given me.  Seriously, just one.  Saying "this is true" is not data btw
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:12:24


Well actually they get changed with lobbying but I see you're just making shit up.


I'm sure you have plentiful third party peer-reviewed sources to back that up.


Wow, that completely makes me rethink my opinion that it was shared by a guy profiting from it.  I'm so sorry.


It also means we can stop them from pumping poison to teenagers if we can catch them.  
Still ignoring my points philosophical critiques, but I guess I can't expect more from a libertarian. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:08:26


Not necessarily, it's not reasonable to assume that anyone can be a functional heroin addict.


HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  Just to both of those, I'm sure a few people can handle being functional addicts, not nearly enough to pay for clinics and the government can't handle running the clinics it has now, new income or no new income.


Doesn't matter, you're addicted, it's not going to stop you no matter what the doctor says.


We are treating it like a sickness, police are the vaccines.  You're imagining treating them like optional allergies.   


No shit, we need proper education over the dangers of drugs like this.  We also need better economic reform so people aren't forced into jobs selling drugs because it's a better payday than working at Mcdonalds.  I highly recommend reading the book Freakonomics, it's got a chapter on the Crack industry that blew my mind.


I mean, if we're able to tell who would be responsible and only sell to them, sure.  And if we had free money like that who am I to say no to those clinics.  I'm not one to stop people from killing themselves with morphine so I'd be a hypocrite for those doing it with regular heroin usage.  But if we're wishing for impossible things then I'd like to be Harry Potter.  Ginny was pretty hot by the end of the series and I'd like to tap that.
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:11:02
It was dealt with.  By arresting the scum who broke the law. 
Free markets in the way you're describing don't work or last.  Regulation is mandatory to ensure that monopolies aren't set up and violence isn't employed.  Regulation is generally best employed by a democratic process.  Since you are clearly too thick to understand the difference between legal and illegal from a political point of view, I'm going to stop here, but think on this:
You can bitch about this on the internet, or you can call your senator and try to get them to vote to legalize various drugs.  You could even try to form a pro-legalization lobbying group to actually accomplish something.  You are going to do the first one because you're a worthless POS.
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:43:32
That's not an argument.  That's, again, just ignoring what I'm saying. 
Oh wait, I just got it.  You can't *quite* figure out how to dispute my argument because you can't find any proof to support yourself.  Still, you have to somehow make it not important, so you say it's from the 1960's so you don't have to deal with it.  
That's still not disputing my points.
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:51:55
"These drugs are literally poison and kill you, not to mention so addictive they make cigarettes look like coffee." "Yeah, but trying to stop people using them is the problem."
Dude.  You keep shifting the goalposts from "It wasn't about it being illegal, it was about libertarian values" to "Those laws were wrong and therefore it's a good thing to break them" to "enforcing the law is the real problem, mannnnn".  While ignoring the counter-proposals fucking up your philosophy.
Give it up.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:57:06
I don't like it because if you try it once, due to peer pressure or just someone being a dick and spiking you with it or something addictive like it, you can't stop.  It takes immense willpower and funds, which not everyone has, to get clean.  
Once you're in, you don't have a choice anymore.  That's why I'm fine with pot and not fine with cigarettes.  It actively takes away choices.  
Not to mention that, in your quest for a fix, you hurt others and generally become a strain on the community.  There are other persuasive arguments, but that's why I'm opposed to heroin. 
Edit: Also if you're under, say, 18, and you're being a stupid fucking kid and try it, it can ruin your life.
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:38:13


They ruin more lives than pretty much anything else save obesity in the Americas.  Think on that.  


Bitching on the internet does not count as any of the above.  
Love that you just ignored my free market point btw. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:39:49


I'm not arguing that.


Not arguing that, either.


I am arguing that.




I do enjoy seeing cartels get more money.


There would still be a lot more addictions, ruined lives, and OD's than I'd be comfortable with.


That last part is a pipe dream.  I have seen nothing in any sources implying we have anywhere NEAR the resources from taxation that would help pay for rehab.  
And I have a philosophical problem selling a drug that people can't stop taking.  Seriously, we had trouble with cigarettes, imagine if Walmart or CVS could sell heroin.
@_date: 2017-05-23 20:22:51


I'm sure our heroin problem will clear up as soon we make it easier to get.  I'm sure you also have studies to back that up (not that you actually showed any last time, but I'm sure *this* BS statement will be backed up with fact).


No I'm not, but you seem to be making BS up again so I'd love to see your data.




Peer reviewed data please, or just stop lying you waste of fucking space.
@_date: 2017-05-24 01:27:31
Well I just ignored the contents (but not the sources) of the first link because I saw the rest of the website, but the sources were very informative.
For example "Portuguese drug policy shows that decriminalization can work, but only alongside improvements in health and social policies." ( so get to work on that. 
Elsewhere ( turns out the use of drugs in schools did, in fact, go up during this period (with an astounding 31.2% increase of drug use by 18 year olds).  So ouch.
One ( was a 404 link.
The rest weren't relevant or I had to download them and I didn't want to download stuff from websites I don't know.  
There's also a bunch of other political policies that affected the lowering HIV-related death rates but that's not what we're here to argue about.  


I don't know what the fuck you think I am or where you think you're getting information about me, but I don't like the war on drugs.  I don't actually think long sentences for drugs help anyone but for-profit prisons and senators trying to look tough on crime.  What I think is that putting heroin in the hands of normal citizens has a net negative effect on society (and especially individuals), especially with our current system of government and healthcare.  I do admit Portugal had some success with legalizing drug use, but their society is not the same as ours and I haven't seen enough data to change my opinion.  You've made a good start on changing my mind, but I need more than one data point, and frankly so should you.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:13:10
Clearly you're a criminal 
@_date: 2017-05-24 00:18:53
Can I see some sources?
@_date: 2018-12-16 18:00:30
Shush, I’m building the new Fort Knox made out of reinforced calculators
@_date: 2018-12-16 06:58:09
Holy shit!  Graphing calculators should replace the gold standard!