@_author: ardy98765
@_date: 2014-06-04 05:29:31
You can download Ubuntu straight from their website here:
All information about using the LiveCD can be found here:
That link also has information on creating a bootable LiveUSB, which might be of interest to you as well. There are many high quality, durable, water proof, shock proof, etc USB thumb drives if you are that concerned about security, which you have every right to be, although I'm not.
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:00:54
Ghash.io uses CloudFare as an intermediary for their servers and their front end.
Cloudfare, being the intermediary, has information pertaining to the actual server locations.
If not directly, the information they have, in order to serve as the intermediary, can be used to determine this information.
I'm assuming you are alluding to the act of leaking this information as the "unbelievable dumb" idea.
If that is the case, you are wrong. What would be dumb is if someone did something very bad with that information. The goal here is to make Ghash.io think twice about how disfavored they are among the non-mining BitCoin community.
If you are referring to the "virtual office" in London, I only included that to solidify the fact that they are keeping everything tightly under wraps, which would further add to the suggestion that being "revealed" would have an effect in changing their actions.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:12:09
I did, no luck.
@_date: 2014-06-08 04:56:13
No ones demanding Ghash.io to reveal themselves. You're entitled to your anonymity. If you can maintain it. Whether that be by hiding in a corner, or by doing whatever you please but being good enough to cover it up. 
We could get into philosophy if you like.
You kill someone, that's your kill. You don't cover it up well enough to hide traces of it back to you, that's now your problem. You're born into a universe that requires you breath air and you decide you don't want to breath air, you deal with those consequences. You involve yourself in a community that heavily favors one thing, and your actions threaten the entire existence of that community, you have to deal with whatever happens because of that.
If the community decides you are harming them and someone within the community has the ability to negate that harm, retaliation should be nothing but EXPECTED. You're an idiot to think otherwise. Just like you'd be an idiot to think people won't try and find out who the murderer was in a homicide. You keep pushing someones buttons, they're gonna snap. You keep playing with fire, you're going to get burned. You drive 100+ miles an hour, you don't get mad at the cop like it's not his job to pull you over for speeding. You can disagree with a law, but you must know that there are potential consequences should you break that law, whether they be laws enforced by the government, or a socially accepted normality. If you go up to someone who weighs 100+ pounds more than you in solid muscle and say "hey, you think your tough?" and then proceed to punch him, he's most likely going to punch you back, more than once.
I think my point is, fuck what you say about me sounding like the NSA. The NSA can go fuck themselves, and if I had the opportunity and capability to do so without dealing with the consequences, I'd fuck them myself. Same goes for Ghash.io, they can go fuck themselves. The integrity of the network is more important to me than Ghash.io's lack of fucks given about network integrity.
So I will end this with a more vulgar approach to the same point. Anyone capable of fucking Ghash.io in the ass should do so as soon as possible, because they've been begging to be fucked since they came close to 50% the first time.
@_date: 2014-06-06 02:34:34
I'd like to know the methods these people would use to figure it out.
Not all wallets support BIP0032 I'm aware but I don't see the harm in testing this out given the amount of coins on this address. 
Anyone who helps me successfully do this will get tipped 1BTC if they give me their public address and information that lead to obtaining these coins.
*edit* If it can be done on Armory, I already have it installed and the original private key imported. Just tell me the steps from there. If another program/wallet is required just tell me so I can begin the install/sync/import process.
Even if Armory/other_program thinks it's "creating" these keys and has multiple methods to doing it, I'm willing to test as many as I can to find one this is linked to.
@_date: 2014-06-07 16:43:17
Someone at CloudFare with an interest in BitCoin needs to leak the right information.
Someone please do something with this information:
Alex Luts
CEX.IO LTD
32 THREADNEEDLE STREET
IP address: 198.41.188.247
Server Location: San Francisco, CA in United States
ISP: CloudFlare
"The home of the Bank of the England and one of the most recognizable businesses address in the World. If you are connected to the banking or finance industry this is Virtual Address can give you access to the globe’s major organisations."
@_date: 2014-06-04 05:16:34
basically this.
you're more likely to get fined for torrenting game of thrones.
less than $600 isn't required to be reported by the payor. although it is still your responsibility to report it.
when gambling, you're supposed to report your winnings, but if your losses total more than your winnings it effectively negates those earnings as taxable income.
if you used coinbase or any US companies online wallet, trade your coins to an exchange not located in the US, and send them to a new wallet.
edit: keep in mind this will be much more difficult in the future once regulations start propping up. i'm not saying cheat the system, but why pay taxes on something like Bitcoin for a measly $170 when Bitcoin's value could potentially drop thus making the value of your coins less than what you began with? then you paid taxes on a loss.
from here on out, create a paper wallet, and any earnings through exchanges should be sent to that wallet. assuming you don't want to spend the coins at the moment.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:11:29
Yes, it does. Starts with 5J.