@_author: aremoij
@_date: 2016-04-13 12:52:51
are you the only ones who ended up trading the largest volumes in Estonia or did you just get picked randomly?
What I don't understand is what they want to know from you given that they already know about your bitcoin trading website?
@_date: 2016-04-13 15:31:50
 opportunities" haha!
but Indian government has been focusing on risks mostly too. India is a pretty strong democracy, so any arbitrary laws need backing and can be opposed to a fair extent. I think the greatest fear is that people can store bitcoins as black money (black money stored in Swiss banks is a common problem in India). anyway, there is no telling how they might react. I am really surprised they are trying to "set an example" with you.
btw, I am sorry for your predicament. I hope you are the strong kind who will fight this with sheer pride. Otherwise, it's ok, mistakes happen, don't go back too much and regret it.
@_date: 2016-04-13 03:34:31
what information did they ask from you?
if you are forced to give out all that information why are scared? all you did was facilitate bitcoin trading of a few thousand Euros which is something they know already. Isn't that enough for them to incriminate you?
@_date: 2016-04-13 14:47:22
looks like they were very adamant from the start that they wouldn't allow bitcoin to work in Estonia.
I hope you are able to use the fact that other people traded on localbitcoins as well to your defense.
I am Indian and it has been 3-4 years since the Indian government has known about bitcoin and hasn't actively done anything about it (apart from issue a "warning" to people that trading bitcoins is risky and *can* put them into legal risks as well). But there are openly disclosed exchanges traded thousands of bitcoins every month. They have all been scrutinized, but they haven't been shut down. The adoption is rising day by day. Do you think this is a good sign? Do you think the government can still back lash and charge the thousands of people who have been trading bitcoin? Just asking for your opinion since you have a lot of legal context in another country. I won't (and can't) cite or quote you on anything.
