@_author: are-you-so-blind
@_date: 2018-04-29 23:01:16
The thing is you need a confirmation, either way, or it is not secure. 
No RBF: I send to you and then to myself which one gets confirmed? If anything RBF just helped to instill this mentality of ensuring you get a confirmation because it is not secure to rely on 0 confirmation transactions
@_date: 2018-04-25 01:11:11
Finance companies get money from government, and then loan it out at 15% to poor dumb people in the form of loans, credit cards, student loans etc.
Governments have trillions in debt and must increase the supply of their bullshit currency in order to devalue that debt so it can be paid off.
Governments devalue their fiat currency in order to allow their economy to be more competitive in global economy.
Fiat currency is useful for loans, and it makes sense to get as much loans as you can at low rates -free money for certain people, CERTAIN BANKS, and re-invest it due to how it is being devalued and how they have a virtual monopoly to do this.
So yes I agree printing money is taxation on the poor and stupid and Bitcoin gives them a valid way to escape this layer of bullshit. Less Greedy bullshit and having your money sapped away by greedy fucking middlemen.
@_date: 2018-04-30 07:25:56
I would do it if I cared to, but alas, I think its hilariously good that we can offload a good percentage of the unworthy onto Bitcoin Cash so easily. They have masked the problem with their giant block size and probably miners who just include whatever is on mempool as you say. On the real Bitcoin, with small blocks which serve a extremely important purpose of decentralization, when blocks are full MINERS choose which transactions to include. They choose which transactions to include at all times, but the problem becomes magnified when blocks are full and fee size does matter more. They will prioritize the transactions by the ones with the higher fees, not whatever is seen in mempool
@_date: 2018-04-29 23:42:34
You are overthinking this. The miner chooses which transaction to include, or even to include no transactions if they want.
In not RBF scenario: If I send to you with a normal or below average fee the miner might not pick it up for the next block, and I send to myself with a higher fee the miner is like "oh I will pick that up I like more $$!". 
Like I said, RBF just instills the mentality that you need a confirmation because it is not secure to rely on 0 confirmation transactions. Sorry!