@_author: argamas
@_date: 2014-08-01 18:21:05
The goal of PoS 2.0 was to get rid of CoinAge, and increase the incentive for having more nodes (wallets) online. Rat4 as stated multiple time that the next step would be removing the needs for centralized checkpointing, although no details have been communicated on how it would be accomplished. Yet.  But there are still 2300 block to be processed before PoS 2.0....
So, while you are right in everything you just wrote, it can also be said that BlackCoin is indeed moving in the right direction to address these issues, one by one. Real measurable progress is being made at the moment.
Meanwhile, beside slashing the OP_RETURN from 80 to 40bytes, I just can't see what's being done to address scalability issues and transaction times with Bitcoins. I might be mistaken though and if I am, I would appreciate the input. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-08-07 03:19:22
PoS 2.0 doesn't protects you against a long-range attack indeed, but it does mitigate the risks; it remove CoinAge (the ability to "stock" on mining privileges), and increase the nodes staking online, which means you need to stake with a larger number of coins to be effective. But then, at a certain point, we could argue that PoW is just as vulnerable to centralizing of computing power... Still, my point was, and remains that Blackcoin is moving in the right direction.
Concerning scalability... you may be right, again. But the issue is that the bitcoin average confirmation time, at its peak, was above 20 minutes. (  ). We are at a point where scalability really starts to matter.  A point where something needs to be done about it. However, I don't feel like anything concrete is happening; we haven't see a change in a long time, beside the OP_RETURN size I already mentioned. Don't get me wrong; there is no emergency today. But.... I am afraid we might see one before long if development is kept at the same pace. That's all. I might be wrong, but I feel concerned because I use bitcoin more than any other cryptocurrency.
And thanks for your reply, even though this thread as long disappeared from the radar. :)