@_author: argoff
@_date: 2012-04-30 08:14:43
Well, I think the deal is that money typically both serves as a long term store of value, and a short term medium of exchange.   Clearly bitcoin fills the medium of exchange role supremely.   So now the question is can it act as a long term store of value, and if not, can gold always readily be exchanged for bitcoins.   
Right now the answer seems to be that bc is not a trustworthy long term store of value, but will always be readily exchangeable into gold, and market forces will mitigate the role between the two.  
So if you want to focus on making your money a long term store of value, you move it more to the gold side, and if you want to focus on using money for exchange and commerce, you would want to have more resources in the bitcoin side.  
@_date: 2012-07-27 19:17:34
I'm not sure this is good.  The strong coloration following google searches seems to imply that bitcoins are valued more via their popularity than by transaction value.   As in, it's fad driven.  
That implies that BC might be okay for transactions, but not as a good store of value, or for pricing.   
However, it does imply a market for currency competition ... as in, people could make their own branded bitcoins, and competitively market them. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 00:35:12
That would probably backfire.   EZ convertibility to dollars is what makes it easy for people to get out of bitcoins if they wish.   Cracking down on exchanges, would probably make an anon non centralized currency more valuable, not less valuable.    
It would probably force the market to internalize, and give greater profit to people offshore who have more incentive to be a market maker.  They can not cut off the dollar link unless they shit down every exchange on the planet.   
@_date: 2011-06-12 01:06:48
Usually speculators are pretty sophisticated about those sort of things.   In theory, they could drive up the price of bitcoins to billions.   Maybe you're right though.   However, all the bitcoin users and believers would probably be millionaires several times over by then.  They would be more enabled than ever to start another project.   
@_date: 2011-06-11 17:51:40
Bitcoins will probably go up in value.   The whole reason why bitcoin is so useful is because it allows transaction privacy, and is resistant to central interference.   Wherever a government goes into crackdown mode, those features are going to be more useful and needed than ever, not less so.  
@_date: 2011-06-12 00:29:28
The more the government tries to buy up the currency, the more it would drive up the price, and tempt speculators to come in and ride it.   It would probably bring more liquidity to the market, not less.
@_date: 2011-06-11 17:58:45
The bottom line is that bitcoins will never go to zero as long as somebody is willing to back it, even for a penny.  So why would somebody back it? well because it's useful for transactions, and as long as it is, it will serve its purpose. even if it's price swings wildly, and even if it is in a bubble at this time.
