@_author: arguvan
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:33:39
The kid is a troll. over -2300 karma and pretty much just posts in @_date: 2014-05-28 07:08:44
Right, because attacking a community with over 120,000 members constantly saying its a hypocritical shitstorm because people have differing points of view is obviously just you being a righteous uncoverer of hypocrisy. /s
I'll never understand why people have to go out of their way to be an asshole.
@_date: 2014-01-08 18:31:02
The Hodlers are in it for the money just as much the Sell! Sell! Sell!'ers and the To The Moon!'ers
The people that are in it for the technology and innovation and not the money don't buy into any of the above. Short of the system completely crashing and going into disuse, the price doesn't matter that much.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:41:07
Right, so I don't have any bitcoins? I have btc-ecoins, and goxcoins, and bitcoinbuildercoins, krakencoins and bitstampcoins. The people that have bitcoins have something that is only worth something  as soon as they convert them to some other kind of coin? 
He had 10 bitcoins, he didn't have 10 goxcoins. The bitcoins were stolen, and he has lost those. To sit here and make light of his loss by saying his 10 "goxcoins" aren't worth that much is being both stupid and horribly inconsiderate. He doesn't have 10 goxcoins worth $135, he has 10 bitcoins that were stolen from him, and worth just as much as every damn bitcoin you have. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:18:18
Then you also haven't made a shitton of money investing in bitcoin like a bunch of others in this subreddit. You aren't some investing sage just because you poke at people who lost money.
@_date: 2014-06-24 20:24:35
If you think bitcoins' mass acceptance is not going to ride on to coat tails of government regulation, you have zero grasp of how important money and law is.
@_date: 2014-07-20 12:13:30




Technically you are wrong. If hoarders give bitcoin value, and you are saying false because most hoarders are not hoarders but instead speculators, then you are still saying hoarders give it value, speculators detract value, and there are more speculators than hoarders...
@_date: 2014-01-05 21:06:27
Buying bitcoin in the US is pretty heavily done through coinbase. While it generally takes 4+ days to receive the bitcoin, it is being held while bank transfers go through. Bitcoin bought today on coinbase is bought today on the exchange, even if the purchaser doesn't hold it for a few days. (Not saying this is whats driving the price up though)
@_date: 2014-06-29 11:17:35


And will ultimately fail in the grand scheme without mass adoption. Its not a difficult concept, if big money gets barred from lack of/bad regulation, then BTC will stagnate. When it does, those that are holding as an investment will start to sell, and more will, until you are left with a low value private currency that is pretty much 3rd world/black market. 
I love the potential bitcoin has, and that is reflected in me getting as much as I can afford to. But I'm not going to lose an investment to a failed project because of silly notions of an ideal system that can't adapt to reality. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:17:23
You are a sad person.
@_date: 2014-06-24 14:12:53
And good companies, that make good products and provide good services tend to gain more consumers as well as investors. What is your point?
@_date: 2014-05-28 06:46:29
I know right, it is crazy. It is almost like there are thousands of individual people, all with varying views and opinions on a spectrum where you tend to hear from a particular group depending on the post thus having contradictory outlooks as a group!
@_date: 2014-02-19 16:36:07
I can send a transaction with zero fees. It may take a long time to go through, but I CAN do it. That is zero fees. There are multiple different software clients that you can use for sending btc, many of which have a set fee for transferring, many people use these and thus have fees. So maybe you are one pedantic motherfucker or just get your jollies off seeming silly. Ok, the line should read that when using btc some fees may apply. 


Apparently you don't read well, or that critical thinking bit was spot on. 
I don't have a great technical understanding of transaction malleability so someone could correct this if wrong... this is a bug that has been known for years, was not that big of a deal until people started exploiting holes in exchanges software that didn't address a long time KNOWN issue. Updating the BTC protocol is a lot more involved then exchanges addressing a known bug. If it was such an easy thing to exploit, why, after years of it being known, is it only becoming an issue. Also, this isn't just some simple exploit that anyone and everyone can/does whenever they want. This is a focused, directed attack on the system, that we have seen in different ways constantly through the life of bitcoin. Yes, this problem has caused issues for a lot of people, but it pales in comparison to the effective grief caused by our current mainstream monetary system. Gox fucked up so now btc is terrible! Thats like saying the USD needs to go away and another currency become the world reserve because hackers took CC info from Target.


And yet, that doesn't seem the case.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:57:57
Well aren't you just awesome.
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:37:57
Ehh, I don't think they'd be too fond of eating plastic... [but who knows?](
@_date: 2014-06-29 08:13:29
Except what? I'm guessing you opted to not read the first 2 posts before mine, you know, the ones I was responding to? The ones that had little to do with the actual bill Gov. Brown signed... 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:43:13






And finally:
[Definition of 'Intrinsic Value' - The actual value of a company or an asset based on an underlying perception of its true value including all aspects of the business, in terms of both tangible and intangible factors. This value may or may not be the same as the current market value.](
All I can say is... what the hell are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-06-29 04:45:54
This. The fact is bitcoin needs some regulation if its going to really progress beyond its current point. Yes yes, WE don't want or need it, and bitcoin itself doesn't need regulation. We all know this, and making that point every time regulation comes up does not help at all. People need to pull their heads out of their asses and realize that **mass** adoption requires... the masses. And the "masses" will not trust bitcoin without some kind of government oversight. I don't care what you believe bitcoin can/will do, because it won't happen without adoption which won't happen without regulation. To say otherwise is to basically say we are fine where we are and it doesn't need to grow anymore.
@_date: 2014-07-14 04:59:59
Laminate it, freeze it in a block of dark colored ice, wrap it, label it like Gumbo Roux or something silly and put it in the bottom of your freezer.
@_date: 2014-03-01 21:59:00
I'll give it a whirl... Username Arguvan
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:48:40
Thanks for the confirmation.
@_date: 2014-06-24 21:51:37
So you're one of them.
@_date: 2014-06-29 11:29:46
Address my points first then? I posted first, your comment completely misconstrued what I posted. I pointed this out and you basically said fiat bad. I'm mostly done with this. You are delusional if you think BTC success is tied to replacing fiat.


You need to read up on how BTC will effect 3rd world countries with populations that largely don't have access to traditional banking systems if you think a watered down bitcoin is no different than fiat.


Bitcoin is NOT anonymous. Why do people keep saying this? 
edit: added to first paragraph
@_date: 2014-08-27 19:27:06
Yeah, all those paypal buttons you see on websites that direct you straight to your paypal login screen are business buttons. They take literally seconds to make and give you the code to post on your site. There really is no excuse for a business to be accepting direct payments which can be done as the gift/family option.
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:35:05
Exactly. Mt. Gox has spread all the FUD possible in this situation, we are just trying to make sense of the pieces. Hell, it seems pretty clear that most everyone would prefer them to be lost than stolen, so if the idea that they are in fact lost (and not stolen as we had been led to believe up until a day or so ago) is the opposite of FUD.
Lost means a chance (albeit slim) to recover, stolen means they are gone.
@_date: 2014-05-28 07:39:17
Yep, and because I'm not up in DC right now trying to perform a citizens' arrest on the POTUS means that I'm willing to excuse away, defend, or push under the rug the killing of innocent people with drone strikes because I need dem Mickey D's french fries.
It would be hilarious to watch you fumble around in a real debate, wielding fallacies like a boss and all.
@_date: 2014-02-18 08:56:55
How? It is sent nearly instantly, it is secure, and there are almost 0 processing fees.
@_date: 2014-07-21 04:50:20
Me. I am. I purchase bitcoin on a reoccuring buy, completely irrespective of the price. I was purchasing them when it was $400, I was purchasing them when they were $1200. I have zero intention of liquidating a single satoshi unless I absolutely have to. Same with my silver. The only situation that would see me selling bitcoin is a situation that would require one to liquidate assets in general. I fully subscribe to the idea that when it comes time to actually spend my bitcoin, I won't even be aware of how many shitty dollars I could trade it for.
I work full time making minimum wage. I don't have a lot of btc, but I get what I can. I'm young enough that if btc busts, I can wave it off as a time that I was having a lot of fun, no different than going out on the town. Except that fun will turn into wealth if btc gets to even half of what people hope it will achieve.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:20:01
Except its pretty common sense as a digital payment system having used it to purchase even just a few things from a business that it would work this way. I would think it would be even more known amongst people who have used paypal for a long time. The only way I could see this happening is someone who JUST opened a paypal account and, instead of reading up on how it actually all works, just started accepting money.
@_date: 2014-08-27 19:19:01
I know its kinda crazy, but since he is running this as a business, he could actually set up his payments as, you know, a business, where the option to gift is, well, not an option. 
For all the hate paypal gets, no one seems to actually understand how it works.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:52:25
Lol, almost 0 fees and almost a virgin aren't even remotely comparable. The "almost 0 fees" means that there are multiple ways to send btc with ZERO fees, but they may not be processed for a long time. Other services require fees as apart of their software, so yes, it is almost zero fees.
If you are going to go the pedantic path, then sure, they are sent but that doesn't mean they are received.... But, we were never talking about receiving bitcoins (kinda annoying when someone forgoes critical thinking to make silly but valid point, huh?)
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:23:41
Well yeah, but a bunch of panic sellers could...
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:04:59
It's not anonymous, using a mixer is like saying you have a non-stick skillet but you need to spray it with Pam. You can't says it anonymous when you have to use a 3rd party to create the anonymity. It isn't inherent, so it isn't anonymous. It is not being pedantic or technical.
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:45:52
I find it funny how everyone assumes that every known bitcoin someone receives is held. If you add up all the bitcoin that known whales supposedly each have, I think they got like 3x the bitcoin that are in existence...
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:02:34
Eh, bragging about successful investments is not the same as making fun of someone for (a perceived) bad investment. Now, if you were making fun of them because they didn't buy into btc, that is a different story.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:04:51
Good lord you are a special breed of retard. First off, I never said anything to you, so you coming in and being an ass to me is uncalled for. Second, and this is the real gem:


and 






Please explain exactly how I don't know "jack shit about this".
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:11:33
It is impressive how you call yourself out in just 1 post and think you are making a point. Does that cognitive dissonance give you whiplash?
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:36:48
What? He is saying that the intrinsic value creates a floor that it won't drop below BECAUSE of industrial uses. As in, it will NEVER be below a certain amount because it will be used for industrial applications. If people started selling off gold, eliminating it as a store of value (and crashing gold jewelry in the process), it will settle out at a floor market value based on its worth being used 100% for industrial uses.
The floor/intrinsic value argument he is making is in no way a statement that gold would stop being used in industrial applications if it drops in value... how do you even remotely draw that conclusion from what he said?
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:58:51
And 10 bitcoin isn't worth $135. You are just being stupid.
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:51:52
I may be wrong here but I've been looking at it with a supply/demand view in that a single unit of "bulk bitcoins" is in extremely low supply. If you want to purchase a large amount in one go, it is not an easy thing to do. Even though the demand for bulk bitcoins isn't anywhere close to the demand for bitcoins in general, I think the demand ratio is higher. 
I don't think its far-fetched to think that they would sell above market simply because to make that exact same purchase on exchanges would cost significantly more as the price moves. We can't look at this as a normal, simple bulk buy of a product. If I want to buy a book and it costs $10, and I could buy as many as I wanted for $10, then yeah, I'd expect a discount on a bulk buy. But if every book I bought made the next book cost 1 more cent and I was buying 10,000 books, you can sure as hell bet I would be willing to buy all those books in one go for $12 a book. 20% over market value, but I would be spending a shitton less to get 10k of them.
@_date: 2014-06-29 10:12:28
I never said people wouldn't use it, especially not as a result of being unregulated. Where in the world did you get any of that? You are stating the obvious since we are here, doing it now... I'm talking about the whales. Institutional money. The actual rocket ship if there is any chance of going "to the moon". No, Wallstreet is not going to start pouring in until there are regulations and I would love to be shown how that is wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:09:16
Right, drop that price down reaaal low so you can scoop em up?
@_date: 2014-03-01 06:58:34
Fair enough, you know you are doing something right when people go out of their way to complain about it instead of ignore it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:15:50
Lol ok. I was incorrect in saying that you are being stupid, it appears that you ARE stupid.
@_date: 2014-06-24 21:10:46
Yes, and the bitcoin we have today is pretty much the best it will be until that happens. Its pretty simple, if bitcoin takes off anymore than it already has governments will see no choice but to put in regulations. If you think it will play any other way you are silly.
Good regulation means we actually go to the moon and have out happy fun times as our monetary systems catches up a few decades. Or we have bad regulation, and all of you peeps touting the "hurr govts can't regulate it" get the nice little wake up call. 
Telling the govts to fuck off and ignore them until they put in regulation means we have no say in how the regulation goes. And if it goes bad, we lose what bitcoin could become. I don't want the govt regulation it anymore than the next bitcoiner, but there is 0, I repeat ZERO chance that bitcoin will become huge without regulation.
@_date: 2014-05-28 08:06:16
You equated utilizing a business as being mindlessly supportive/defensive of the actions of the person running the business. Look around you, nearly everything you see was made by a business that somewhere up the chain had a corrupt/bad person that has made the lives of others hell without a care in the world. 
Every time you buy just about anything you are supporting, indirectly, people who have done a shit ton more heinous shit than putting out a couple hits. This is the world we live in, so get over yourself and get off your high horse.
@_date: 2014-08-07 00:40:08
What difference would it make if it was tomorrow, or 10 years, or 100 years from now? He said doubtful, which means any of those definitions still means exactly the same thing: there is no plan for it. When that changes, it changes, but as of right now, it isn't happening. The only time defining foreseeable future matters would be if he said that it WILL be happening in the foreseeable future...
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:28:12
I understand that Bitcoin itself can't really be regulated, but why do people keep throwing out the notion that governments will be completely unable to touch any part of the process? I'm sorry, but this just isn't true. With exception to direct person to person transfers, there are plenty of points where governments can force regulation (whether that would kill of bitcoin or not is another story). I love it, I'm behind it, but I'm not delusional in thinking this will result in a complete separation of government and money... it just won't happen.
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:13:03
Very interesting read, especially considering how accurately many of his scenarios played out.
@_date: 2013-12-01 06:59:45
Ehh, it has gotten too much exposure now. We may be seeing a correction but after it I highly doubt we will see the "steady growth with where it was 2 months ago". The rate of adoption for BTC is closely comparable with the adoption of new social technologies. I believe that until enough money has been put into the system, we will continue to see these sharp rise and falls with short periods of growth in between. Basically, I believe we are seeing a stock that is rising in value with a similar consistency of tech adoption. Once we get through the initial big surge (which I believe will take a few months) then we will start seeing the normal growth that we had before all the hype - only it will start at a much higher point than where we are now.
@_date: 2013-11-24 06:07:15
My biggest one is the idea that we could be on the cusp of a  technological revolution the likes of which we have never seen. The basis for this idea is that if bitcoin takes over as THE global currency, we will see a significant redistribution of wealth, a significant chunk of which will go into the hands of the visionaries and tech-gurus that saw what bitcoin could become. 
With money in the hands of technical minds that are no longer restricted by not having the funds to engage in their personal dream projects, we will see all sorts of new advancing technologies across every industry. The effects could be so extensive, that we start to eliminate the need for individuals to have to work a shit job just to live.
Ultimately, I'd hope that our technological advances can finally break mankind free of its long history of greed and be free of a monetary system. People can do what they want, if that improves society then great, if not, they aren't hurting anyone. 
My ultimate, optimistic view for bitcoin is that it is the catalyst that breaks mankind free of money, and all the corruption and greed that goes along with it. We will enter a new era of enlightenment akin to us leaving the Dark Ages behind, and will see exponential growth in technology. Space exploration will become a real thing. In fact, I can see bitcoin being the catalyst that leads us to a Star Trek-esque universe.
Of course this is all unlikely... but just the sheer realistic possibility of it makes me really look at bitcoin and go "whoa". It is truly a new, groundbreaking technology that will redefine mankind as a race. And even if bitcoin ends up failing, falling to the side, or whatever, I am fully behind the idea of cryptocurrencies and whatever advanced monetary technology comes out to replace it. In fact, I would argue that cryptocurrencies and bitcoin are the next logical step in the way mankind trades. The difference between its adoption and the adoption of previous currencies is that the ability for it to spread far exceeds any other previously introduced currency. What we are seeing is the natural course of mankinds development of currency, but because of current technological advancements, it can finally be done by the masses instead of a regulated, distributed system through central banking. In my mind, this is simply the next logical step for mankind.
Of course, it could just as easily go in the opposite direction and turn into a means for the already rich to pad their coffers as they utilize arbitrage and the wildly fluctuating market to make massive movements until the system gets destroyed by it leaving many broke and angry as would any investment gone south. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 09:17:32
Alrighty then heh. I was mistaken here, but I really got the feeling from some other posts, maybe it was the wording, that made it sound like people were pre-purchasing BTC in order to get in some sort of queue for receiving BTC but were doing so by locking in a BTC purchase now that would be priced at a later date.
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:10:47


[China doesn't like USD](
You seem to think that countries forced to use a specific fiat as the global currency is the same as that currency being the most desired in the world. I can tell you right now a ton of people, in the US and abroad, hate the USD and the position our monetary policy has put us in. China is damn near on the cusp of being able to completely destroy the USD.
@_date: 2013-11-29 04:58:16
China begs to differ.
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:34:01
Mass selling with a rapidly declining value on the heels of "bad news" typically is.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:13:31
Convert your bitcoin to $$? Why would you want to cash in to fiat if you already cashed out?
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:05:37
Ok, so I misconstrued one of your statements incorrectly, but that still doesn't disqualify what I said which you did not address. 
Say I have $200. I put $100 into BTC to hold. I will be spending the $100 on groceries, but later this week. You yourself said it is appreciating in value locking people into holding it. So why wouldn't I turn the $100 for groceries into BTC, then buy a target gc after btc has gone up? I get the $100 gc for my groceries, plus w/e extra BTC is leftover from the increased value.
Explain how that example doesn't work or will most likely result in a loss? I'm really not trying to be an ass or anything, but I really don't see around this point of view. It just doesn't make sense to go about it any other way given the current conditions of how the market is working. The moment a btc crash lasts longer than a day, or the correction takes longer than 3+ days, then yeah, my method would be very risky. But that isn't how it is working right now. My method, up to this point, would have resulted in pure gains. Any losses that would have occurred at this point would have been mirrored for anyone holding BTC as an investment. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:28:00


Truer words were never spoken
@_date: 2013-11-26 10:57:22
Yeah, probably like a .01% increase in the number of filthy rich criminals and drug dealers. Its not like the current system isn't bloated with them lol
@_date: 2013-11-29 09:49:21
I think we will just have to agree to disagree. It seems you solely see BTC as an investment vehicle. I see it as an investment vehicle as well as a medium of exchange. Your method is only "safer" in the sense that you won't lose everything if BTC goes to $0. My method is only "riskier" in the sense that I will lose a little bit more than you (assuming equal investment levels) if it goes to $0.
So you can play the safe game and hope it doesn't crash.
I will play the riskier game and come out the better if it doesn't crash, but I won't really come out much worse if it does.
@_date: 2013-12-01 06:54:40
Honestly, I've sat on BTC-e for awhile and I really don't like it. All the extra trading pairs that they have has made it a terrible place for market manipulation, which will ultimate affect that markets BTC price, which effects other markets. I'm not saying the current fall is because of it, but I'd really tread carefully and not put too much stock into whatever is happening specifically on BTC-e.
To put it into perspective, BTC-e dipped down to 875 and is sitting around 900 while MtGox is still at 1100 and the average is around 1015. The markets are coming down, but you can see the BTC-e is ahead of everyone in the drop. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 06:38:28
Heh, that is more or less what I meant. The "perceived beauty" is the image created by De Beers. If people refused to buy them, then they would be forced to peg the price lower, but since a man is doing his woman an injustice buy not getting her a diamond worth at least 2 months salary, they can peg it at whatever price they want and collect. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:35:30
Not really. So you would argue that gold is massively and I mean MASSIVELY overpriced and it is insane to put money into it? After all, its value is only in USD. It has very little inherent value... Of course, it has only been around and used as a store of value for THOUSANDS of years prior to the creation of USD.
You can find anything in the world and peg a price on it in USD, that doesn't make it worth something only because there is a value pegged in USD.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:26:26
I'm all for bitcoin but good lord man, you rolled in here with all this vitriol and COMPLETELY missed the point of his post.
His post has absolutely nothing to do with the currency aspects of bitcoin but all the other implications for how it, and the blockchain, can be used to secure official documents. I'd wager his understanding of the internet is better than your understanding of English and comprehension.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:09:19
Besides the fact that it couldn't happen, your "FDIC insured bank" doesn't provide nearly as much security to your money as you think.
[Read this]( and understand that this (bail-ins) are what governments, US included, are looking to implement for the next big financial crisis. (Note that isn't a if, but just a matter of when)
@_date: 2013-11-29 07:59:58
Wtf is this shit? He starts off talking about the (non existant) link between autism and vaccines. This is a complete load of bullshit
@_date: 2013-12-11 11:20:25
Then you are apart of a limited group that can't accept it for your day job. Doesn't mean you can't do other things that generate products or services that you can sell for bitcoin. Or get your employer to pay you in bitcoin. Not like that is unheard of.
@_date: 2013-11-24 06:32:10
Everyone that opposes the war isn't also signing up, just because gay marriage is illegal doesn't mean gays don't form LTRs, and weed is illegal at the federal level and we've seen how successful that is.
Bitcoin is like all of these in that respect... the government can TRY to stop it, but they CANT. Eventually, they will come around and start implementing the system as best as they can realizing how much they fucked up in the beginning.
Just take weed for example. It has been illegal in the US for a long time now, under a completely false basis that has been maintained for years now in the face of contradictory scientific evidence. Governments are SLOW and RESISTANT to change. If the change is pervasive enough though, the governments WILL get in line or they will be left behind in the international community. Weed is being legalized, albeit slowly. I would not be surprised in the slightest if in 20 years (or even sooner) weed was completely decriminalized if not completely legal. The amount of money that the US could have made from legalizing weed, especially in the face of how much money was wasted battling it, is staggering. Weed is something that has been used for centuries, bitcoin has been around for a few years. If bitcoin becomes pervasive with the masses, governments will have no choice but to fall in line because the implications of resisting it as more and more countries adopt it can be crippling to that governments economy. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 12:42:36
It seems kind of alarming but there is a real easy way to tell that nothing is going on: this sub isn't going apeshit crazy over the price drop, and when people do ask, they are being casually told that this is how it is because... well, this is how it is.
Every time I start getting worried about quick price drops like this I like to realize that this happens over and over and over again and then just look at price charts that cover 1 month, then 6 months, then the last year... and I stop worrying.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:01:58
They did not ban bitcoin, that is a misnomer. They have prevented third party payment processors which, honestly, is right in line with them declaring that it is not a currency and to not be used as one. The 3rd party payment processors were a kind of loophole/work around.
What has happened is BTCChina, the Chinese BTC exchange, has halted CNY deposits. This is basically a kill order for BTC in China, hence the massive sell-out and subsequent crash across all exchanges. Bitcoin has NOT been banned in China though.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:17:07
Transaction fees.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:59:45
Its really not and this development group is known for constantly pushing the bar further and further away for making it profitable until they up and disappear.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:02:40
Then you have't lost anything. All you lost was the opportunity to cash out high... for now.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:27:57
For the time being, stock market doesn't move like bitcoin does, we'll probably need a few days/week to see how this will really play out.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:27:46
You want an honest answer?
Some people here believe in bitcoin and what it can do. Its implications for shaking up the financial world are huge. Others believe its a scam, or a quick way for people to make some money that will eventually lead to its collapse. The truth is, NO ONE really knows what will happen. It could be $100 next week, or it could be back up to $1000. Next year it may crash down to $50 and never recover, or it could continue to rise and hit $5000. Anyone who says what it will do, and metric that tries to explain what it is doing, is just a tool for people in one of two camps.
I would seriously approach it like this: take whatever funds you are willing to lose almost completely (honestly, it will never reach $0, it simply won't happen. But if it goes down to $10, that $600/BTC is a pretty big loss). This is probably one of the most high risk investment opportunities we've had the privilege of joining. Regardless of what people think, we are making history with this singular thing.
I personally love bitcoin, what it has to offer, and its potential. On the other hand, malicious agents (governments and people trying to make a quick buck) could ultimately destroy its credibility. I can say this though, of any other investment opportunity out there, nothing has ever held a candle to how fun it is. Sure, you could put money into gold and be relatively secure in it... you may lose money but it isn't going to crash. But then you just kinda leave it there. There isn't going to be all the news coming out like btc has, there won't be any new developments that suddenly make the price rise 1000% over a few days to crash back down 50% over the weekend. Its a wild ride to be sure... just don't put in more than you are willing to completely risk.
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:08:02
This is pretty commonly known... Moneypaks were selling out like crazy at walmarts around a month ago just because of this. 
As awesome as Bitcoin can become, it is easily the most difficult payment system for a new, non-tech person to get into. Granted, the difficulty will all but disappear in the near future as the need for ease of use for the greater population comes into play. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:36:02
Bro, I think you got a new message.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:22:17
Bitcoin's value isn't in USD. Bitcoin has a value relative to USD. And Euro. And yuan. And so forth. People are utilizing the volatility to make money going between USD and BTC, but the people that are holding, which are significant number of the people in this sub, are doing so because they (and I) believe it will effectively if not completely replace fiat. Those of us that believe this are glad to see the value rise because we are finally freeing ourselves of fiat. 
If you believe that the end goal is to cash out of BTC back into USD (or any other currency) then you have NO understanding of the idea of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:46:23
I think this is actually good. 
For starters, I don't think it is good in and of itself. It sounds like a silly, convoluted way for people in the banks to keep skimming off the top of everyones' money. This is something we are trying to get away from with BTC.
But, there is a huge psychological barrier for people to get into BTC. This could be a way to expose people that would never get into btc because "its a scam" and start seeing it for what it really is. I would imagine that as people bought these coins, and realized that BTC was here to stay, they will start looking into how it all works. As soon as they realize that they could get the BTC themselves without paying bankers and firms premiums on them, they will make the switch. 
TL;DR - Although it goes against the idea of what bitcoin does to the financial system, I think that this could be a great way to break down some barriers for skeptics. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:56:47
How would it not be "worth the trouble" if it costs them little to setup, takes little time to setup, takes little to manage, and opens the doors to a $12bil market that is heavily held by tech minded people? Oh, because you aren't a fan of bitcoin? Yeah, too much trouble for them.


Won't admit? You are clearly retarded if you think anyone in here is invested in BTC and doesn't want to see its value rise. Hurr durr, I put my money into something and want it to lose value because I'm not greedy. Really? You seem to think that people wanting to see their spending power increase is a bad thing, and that is the sole reason they would want a tech company to provide tech hardware to a tech community using a tech driven currency. Wow! What an outlandish claim!
@_date: 2013-11-24 09:02:32


What do you mean by this? And I've seen others that word this similarly... I made my Coinbase purchase monday (18th) as the big rally was starting. I was told that I would not receive the order until friday (22nd), but I received the BTC I purchased, and the price that I purchased them for on monday. 
Where is the disconnect between what I've experienced and what others have? I may simply not understand some functionality of the site since I'm certain that you (and others) aren't referring simply to a reoccurring buy order that you have setup
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:30:36
I see this posted over and over and over and over and over. It confuses me... if you are going to spend the USD, and bitcoin is rising... why not put the USD into bitcoin and buy? I mean, it just doesn't make any sense whatsoever to hold on to a currency that is depreciating in value but you plan to spend, instead of putting it all into btc then turn around and spending it. If you are spending the USD, why not convert to BTC then spend?
And don't come in with the BS about you can turn it into BTC then the value drops and you suddenly can't buy as much... cause the exact same argument works for saying why hold on to btc and pay in USD if the price could drop.
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:03:05
Don't get me wrong, it is not the most efficient system yet. If you want stuff right away you will be extremely limited, but that doesn't mean that you can, with effective planning, make most of your necessary purchases with bitcoin.
The point being we are still in the very early stages of this technology developing. Its like the beginning days of the internet. Can you believe that there were actually people who spoke out against the internet as being a fad or scam with the same kind of vehemency that people are talking about bitcoin? Many of the arguments for why bitcoin won't be adopted are similar to the ones used to say the internet would fail. Many of the arguments used to make bitcoin seem illegitimate or scam money are arguments that can be used for fiat.
As long as we continue this trend and bigger and bigger business start getting behind it, we will start to see bitcoin integrated into the economy with all the perks that bitcoin will supposedly bring with better fluidity than we currently have with fiat. The fact that you can already do so much with bitcoin despite so few (in reality) accepting it is evidence enough of its potential.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:38:53
The fees are cheaper, so it is a method cheaper to do it. If it cost more to send via BTC than to do direct transfers, we wouldn't see such a huge market for BTC. (not saying there wouldn't be one, but a good chunk of the current value is derived from the low cost and ease of sending money to anyone anywhere in the world)
Also, with services like gyft, you can do a good amount of everyday purchases with BTC. edit: Adding to the gyft part: BTC -&gt; Gyft -&gt; Amazon GC... What in the world CAN'T you buy with Amazon? :)
@_date: 2013-12-04 03:08:31
Scamming would assume they would lose something by doing it. They would gain sales... so your statement is kinda stupid right off the start. Secondly, bitcoin is more convenient than a credit card in virtually every way (except for its current acceptance which is a non-factor for this).
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:39:20
Yes and no. While allowing bitcoing to be used to buy and sell goods is very important, it is not (currently) a critical function, at least for the Chinese. The primary function of bitcoin currently, and how it is being heavily used in China, still remains completely functional and will continue to cause bitcoin to grow.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:33:57
Good point. Those companies, being real and producing real products means they can go under losing the money of the investors, where as this crazy virtual currency has proven time and time again that it won't go under and you only lose money by cashing in to fiat.
@_date: 2013-12-18 06:23:24
People think its pretty, prettier than silver for sure. I still think intrinsic value based on perceived beauty is stupid... but society and tradition would disagree. But that is how it is, and how it will always be, until some massive vein of gold is found or a gold asteroid hits the earth etc. 
A perfect example is the godawful diamond market. A value propped solely by perceived beauty. I mean, we can make diamonds that are BETTER than the ones naturally found... but they are too perfect and thus worth less than natural diamonds (lol)
@_date: 2013-11-29 12:18:34
8 complaints, with a number of them being because they clearly couldn't read. I'm not convinced of anything by this
Also, I've done around 10 transactions in November, both large single purchases and reoccurring purchases. All have come through by their designated dates within the time frame given.
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:45:13
You must've eaten paint chips as a kid.
Bitcoin is better than gold, that isn't even contested (at least by anyone that knows more about bitcoin than its "scam coin"). China is treating it the same way as gold. As in, it is being regulated in the same way as gold. 
By your logic, Bitcoin is better than the Yuan but if China announced that bitcoin was legal tender and can be used as currency, bitcoin would BECOME the Yuan? Ok
@_date: 2013-11-29 09:29:59
You buy bitcoins on Monday. You know you will be buying something from a vendor for X amount on Wednesday. You put X amount extra into your Monday bitcoin purchase. You now have a 2 day window (a massive amount of time for this volatility) to get a gift card at a higher value than what it was when you initally deposited on monday.
End result? You have the bitcoins you wanted, the item you wanted... and some extra bitcoins that you wouldn't have had in your example.
My point is: if you have a designated purchase in fiat that is at a future date... why wouldn't you get BTC now and grab that giftcard in the interim at a higher value?
edit: Plus, in my example, you've done little to help btc besides buying to hold, I've bought to hold, as well as bought to spend, and then spent it at a vendor. It does more for bitcoin awareness, increases businesses appreciation for it (btc brought them a sale that they don't know they would have had otherwise)
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:51:03
I'll take my downvotes for this I'm sure... but what if this crash down was planned in order to lower the price of BTC with the coming announcement that the Fed will start tapering and the other markets will start crashing too.
(I don't remotely believe this has a shred of validity... but WHAT IF?)
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:38:55
It probably effected everyone within a specific time window. It didn't happen to me - my recurring purchases are made 3pm CST
@_date: 2013-11-26 11:05:39
Make sure they will appreciate it though or you are setting yourself up to make someone mad. If you give it to someone who truly doesn't see any potential in it and views it as "stupid fake money" or something, you may as well have given them WoW gold.
I have a few people that I will be giving BTC for, but I also know that a few of my family members would feel shafted if I only gave them BTC (even if you really want to push it on them, make sure it comes with a secondary gift and maybe less BTC or something)
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:50:57
And that potential can still be realized. I'm merely stating that with the current state of bitcoin, this restriction is a good. The silver lining here is that China is NOT banning its use between consumers. As a means of moving money out of the country, bitcoin is a huge benefit to China. Had China announced it was officially a currency and all the regulations that come with it, we would've seen the primary function of bitcoin in China suddenly restricted and THAT could've been a truly crippling blow. There is a difference between panic selling because of bad news from China, and the Chinese as a whole cashing out because it losses functionality in China.
@_date: 2013-12-01 08:59:52
ok? This isn't the best place for self-reflection
@_date: 2013-11-18 08:26:16
You put way too much faith in the general public to do their own research. The majority of people that will be exposed to this initially will be through mass media/news, and here in the States that good is mixed with the bad. 
As with any new emerging technology, you have to actively inform the masses or the masses will actively be misinformed.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:19:52
Real question is how will the stock market react. There will be some delicious irony in a sharp decrease.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:18:38
It is realistic that bitcoin can be used to do these things... the question is will the powers to be allow it to happen, and honestly, I think a lot of the potential for bitcoin will be difficult to be realized. People in power don't like to lose that power, and will go to great lengths to maintain it.
There would have to be a massive exodus from the status quo for it to be successful, and anything short of a majority shift will allow the people in power to corner off the detractors and label them as extremists and subjugate them. It will be a long, hard road, lined with a lot of highway robbers.
@_date: 2013-12-08 13:34:04
He needs to put in more servers and potatoes take some time grow...
@_date: 2013-12-17 21:46:22
Yes and no. It's not the "same" thing. The result may be similar in terms of that bitcoin being used it being converted to fiat and will have the same effect as just seeking it.
But buying products means that instead of the bitcoin simply being sold off, it adds to the list of transactions being done using bitcoin. Most businesses are using the system of accepting bitcoin and instantly converted to fiat anyways, so unless your going to argue that increased proof of transactions with bitcoin doesn't help increase the view of it being a viable currency (not stating it's there yet), the sure, selling on an exchange and buying it is "the same".
People seem to have the notion that because the current volatility essentially "requires" a business to use payment processors, that businesses accepting bitcoin aren't helping us get to the point where it is a stable, viable currency. No, businesses accepting bitcoin, and proof of transactions using bitcoin, doesn't directly increase bitcoins stability, but increased transactions = perceived use to public = greater belief that bitcoins are useful = more people buying bitcoins = greater market share = increased stability. And that, amongst a thousand other factors is what will shift bitcoin from being an investment/vehicle for money transfer into a truly legitimate currency.
TL; DR - increased bitcoin transactions with business, despite lowering the value of bitcoin with its instant conversion to fiat, is NOT the same as simply converting to fiat at exchanges.
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:52:04
Except its not. If I get my paycheck and will be using that to purchase various things over the next few weeks that could also be purchased in BTC, and BTC is consistently rising, why would I NOT put it into BTC? The only time where it is an unnecessary step is if you only convert to BTC and purchase at the exact moment you are purchasing. Again, why hold on to USD to make USD purchases when each day it loses value compared to BTC, if I can make those same purchases in BTC?
In addition to this though, that means you are doing everything in BTC. Even if its an "unnecessary step" it increases its usage, visibility, and overall helps promote the system.
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:36:41
It is most likely a result of not putting a "0" in front of the decimal. 
0.1 = correct
.1 = incorrect field
@_date: 2013-12-04 18:00:50
You are a silly one. For starters, how can you even remotely compared Reddit, a social-news site designed for discussion that has been notoriously for never even breaking even. Of course some money has to go in to do it, there are some costs to breaking in getting things figured out. But are you seriously about to compare the revenue in product sales of reddit to newegg?


Do you realize how unbelievably immature this sounds? Like, seriously? Are you really about to sit here and point out some "neg" that is the driving force behind virtually every single start up, economy, business, product, etc., since the beginning of mankind trading? You know, there is zero value to bitcoin being worth a lot if there are no companies that accept it. So of course the early adopters want to get business on board. 
It seems to me like you distrust bitcoin, and, are probably pissed that you didn't get in earlier because why the fuck would you be exempt from "everyone here looking to get rich"? Well, I guess because you have nothing to gain from this so I can understand your disgruntlement. I'd be pretty mad if something that with so much obvious potential that I had been hearing about for awhile and wrote off as scam money turned out to not be. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 12:35:39
I believe its because any answer would be highly speculative. For you to get even a semi-serious answer it would require a higher up admin from the Uni itself to comment. Nearly any "will" or "if" can almost always be answered with: no one knows yet. I'd be surprised if any semi-significant player makes any official announcement regarding bitcoin and a post isn't here within the hour.
If they start using bitcoin outside of tuition, you will know almost immediately from this subreddit.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:50:33
So just to make sure I got this right. The fed announcing a taper and the stock market rising is the expected response. And the numerous economists expressing concern over the unrealistic rise in the stock market which doesn't even remotely reflect the condition of our economy just isn't true?
So, if the fed had announced it was maintaining the status quo, the stock market would have started dropping? Despite that being inconsistent with years of QE and the stock market rising? So... Fed tapers, stock market rises. Fed maintains status quo, stock market rises. I guess stock market to the moon! /s
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:29:53
For every use of gold, silver has a shit ton more, yet silver is worth a fraction of the price. Lets be honest here, if people didn't want gold for jewelry and gold wasn't used as a store of value, it would be worth SIGNIFICANTLY less that it is now.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:32:13
With what is currently happening, no. Bitcoin is what is talked about because it is the big cryptocurrency, but all the news coming out of China would be more aptly described if you replaced every instance of bitcoin with cryptocurrencies.
China isn't allowing cryptocurrencies to be used as currency. BTCChina has halted CNY deposits which effects all cryptocurrencies on the exchange... people just talk about bitcoin because its the main one. Go check out any of the exchanges... any of the altcoins on the main exchanges are dropping just as hard. When bitcoin drops, everything drops, if for no other reason than because of arbitrage. You may see a short spike in LTC as people move into it, but everything will ultimately start dropping and because of the ease and speed at which the exchanges can be made, it corrects itself fairly quickly. Big moves can make big money, but the window is literally minutes.
@_date: 2013-12-01 08:17:32
I agree, it wouldn't hurt to add it. It sucks because there is a massive gap in understanding between the tech minded and the general population. Everyone that complains about their BTC being stolen are almost always people that have a very basic understanding of the internet and security. These are the people that think they have a secure password because they "included letters AND numbers!". 
The people in the know, know not to keep their BTC in a hot wallet online, they know to make backups and encrypt them. These people won't benefit too much from a 2nd layer of 2FA because it just shouldn't be necessary for them. On the other hand, the people that really SHOULD have the 2nd layer of 2FA, are bumbling around so poorly in the dark that the 2nd layer MIGHT prevent a loss that otherwise would have occurred, but PROBABLY won't stop them because they've already failed at some other point in securing their stuff.
@_date: 2013-12-01 08:13:48
I can see the situation with point 1 occurring and it hadn't really occurred to me but thats because I refuse to use the authy app. Maybe someone could correct me here but I think that authy, as an app, could be taken advantage of, hacked, or in some way intercept data that would make the 2FA useless. I prefer the code to be sent SMS but maybe my understanding of SMS and text messaging and all is actually easier to phish than the authy app. I've just never heard of 2FA via SMS being unsecure.
Now, as I said, I was playing devil's advocate and do, in fact, agree that a 2nd layer of 2FA would not be bad for actually sending money. BUT, I think that if coinbase were to implement something it, at the very least, needs to be heavily pushed that the 2FA needs to be done through a DIFFERENT device/means than the first. If you use your cell for 2FA, you need to use a different cell. I understand that the 2nd layer of 2FA addresses issues with the account already being logged in, but if there is any real concern about the security of 2FA, a 2nd layer would do absolutely nothing if it wasn't separate.
I guess more of my point in this is that while security improvements can help, it is really the education of the masses that is the biggest security pitfall right now. I think our education system is doing a massive disservice by really only pushing typing efficiency and a rudimentary understanding of word processors. I truly believe that a CompSci class that focuses on IT security and web safety should be a core requirement of students. I believe there should be a basic version done in middle school when you start seeing kids become really active online in ways that securing information becomes important. Then an advanced course in High School that really pounds in how it all works.
@_date: 2013-11-29 08:24:45
Lol... this guy is silly
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:38:08
Heh, thanks. I'm a huge supporter of bitcoin and love what it has the potential to do. There is just no way of knowing where it will go.
Btw, not only is it my cakeday, but your the first btc tip I've received, so yay for that
@_date: 2013-12-22 15:18:39
I guess this bot doesn't appreciate Dave Chappelle...
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:33:42
Mmk. So the unrealistic stock market value that has been increasing while the Fed dumps a metric fuckton of money into the system, is going to soar to even more unrealistic numbers because the Fed cuts back?
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:22:49
What? That question only makes sense if I stated bitcoin is better than the Yuan despite it not being a currency... Which I didn't even remotely do.
I used bitcoin becoming a currency and legal tender for all public debts as an example, which means it would be in the same class as the Yuan (such as bitcoin and gold, in terms of how China now officially sees it). You basically say that bitcoin is the same as gold because it is being regulated the same. So, by your logic, bitcoin and the Yuan would be the same. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:57:07
No problem! Another issue I've run into is if you try to sell the entirety of a coin, sometimes it will say you don't have a sufficient amount. Just take off a small decimal amount and it will let it go through. Kind of annoying as it leaves you with 0.00000001 of something, but it really is a negligible amount.
@_date: 2013-12-01 06:46:20
I'm going to play devil's advocate and say that his is unnecessary steps to prevent something that is the users fault, or this change wouldn't stop to begin with.
Point 1: if your 2fa is phished when you login, why do you think the 2nd level would suddenly be secure?
Point 2: WHY THE FUCK would you leave your coinbase account logged in? Especially somewhere that someone could get on and do something with it. Would you log in to your bank account and then just walk away? Or are you talking in a public setting (cause then that is just worse). If you have 2fa on, leaving your computer logged in when you walk away COMPLETELY defeats the purpose.
Point 3: Err, ok? This goes back to point 2: why are you leaving your computer logged in?
I agree that bitcoin is a black-hat hackers dream, but that isn't because we don't have enough security (there really is enough, and the security that needs to be improved has nothing to do with the user-end). The problem with security and the user is that the users are fucking retarded. You still have an ungodly number of people that use passwords like "password" "1234" "guest1" or their birthday, or lastname+numbers, and shit like that. The initial 2FA is what helps curtail these problems. You don't need a 2nd layer of 2FA unless you are just being retarded. How will people ever learn how to secure their stuff on the online world if they are just thrown layer after layer of security that the moment any of it fails they will lose everything because they themselves are not secure.
I've heard of ton of people losing money, but it has never been a result of not enough security provided by services on the user end. It is always "i lost my hd/usb", "i used a shitty password on a computer with malware and kept all my coins on an online wallet" or simply "i left all my coins in an online wallet and they were hacked". All of these are examples of losses of bitcoin that are a result of the user being stupid (and more layers of security couldn't have helped that) or the service itself not being secure enough which is, again, something the user can do nothing about.
I think that a 2nd layer of 2FA won't solve any of the problems that are currently plaguing the theft of BTC while adding another, unnecessary layer of security at the user-end.
Now, I will say this though, there is ONE situation in which adding a 2nd layer of 2FA would greatly improve user security... but I HIGHLY doubt most people would utilize it. This is a 2FA that is done through a different device than the first 2FA. So 2 different phones, one to log in, one to send BTC. But again, that requires the user to have some degree of security competence to realize that they needed to do this. 
With that view out of the way, I do somewhat agree that another layer could help because, as I've said multiple times, its the users inability to secure their accounts that is the problem. On the other hand though, the single most important thing that can be done for increasing security is better educating users on how to do it... and that is just hard. This is why the internet is still rife with theft and scams because it is so EASY to do it.
@_date: 2013-12-02 10:18:57


Inherent value as jewelry is stupid. Jewelry has no inherent value, it only has value because of the metals used in it. Don't believe me? Purchase jewelry from any store and attempt to even get remotely close to the same price when selling it to another business. Not another person, because they will pay close because its cheaper than going to the store, but not because its worth that. Jewelry is sold on a huge premium and generally bought back at or below the value of the metals used.
Gold has value as a store of wealth. That store of wealth is what allows jewelry made from it to be worth anything. Do you really think that if everyone started selling their gold stores, the price wouldn't really be effected that much because jewelry has inherent value and will keep the price propped up? No, jewelry will plummet in value too.
That 10% industrial use is the ONLY thing that makes gold worth anything beyond people saying so. 
It is just like the diamond market. It has been artificial pushed to retarded levels of value for the sheer sake of jewelry. The moment you buy one at such a huge premium, you are now holding onto to something worth SIGNIFICANTLY less. Diamonds are cheap, easy to obtain, and should not be worth even remotely what they are.
@_date: 2013-12-02 13:37:43


What information do you have to make this statement? For all you know he fleeced everyone so that he is now sitting on $99mil worth of BTC that will grow if he does nothing else with it...
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:13:10
I particularly liked:


Doing such actually increases the global value (currently) by a couple $ USD. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:34:44
This. And even if you don't get it by the end of the day, don't come complaining here; put in a support ticket!
We just broke 1k so it is liable to be very volatile today and there may be delays. I personally would be unconcerned if it took an extra day because of it. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 21:47:37
Buy an amazon gift card and get some Xmas presents with it. Or a target gift and have a nice steak bought with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:25:47
If economists are against BTC then I'm happy because our economy is complete shit. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:37:30
[This may help you some](
@_date: 2013-11-29 09:15:25
If bitcoin is rising, and I will be spending $200 at places over the next few weeks that I could use gift cards via gyft... why wouldn't I put that $200 in btc now and buy the gift cards as needed? You can argue that you could put $200 in and it can crash... but even if it crashes it corrects itself. Show me one instance in the last month since btc really took off where it crashed and did not return to pre-crash levels within a day. The volatility might be crazy, but its FAST. It doesn't matter if it starts crashing because it is highly unlikely I'll need to use the btc before it recovers. 
That $200 in BTC will be worth more than $200 by the time I use it. If I had instead just kept it in fiat because "im going to spend it", then I've lost value in my spending power because I've maintained my spending power in a depreciating currency. 
I will be right along with you if the volatility resulted in periods where we had lows for DAYS, but the reality is that it lasts for hours. The only argument I can see for not converting to BTC then spending it as opposed to keeping it in fiat is if you are going to spend it IMMEDIATELY... then you are unnecessarily eating small fees.
edit: Also, no I'm not currently putting my entire paycheck into BTC, but I am putting everything I don't HAVE to have in fiat into BTC. I make minimum wage, if BTC completely crashes then yeah, I'm set back like a month of wage. It won't really effect me because I'm not completely retarded with money and have a small nest egg + other investments. I won't be on the street if BTC crashes. BUT, if BTC continues to rise, putting in every dime I plan to spend with fiat into BTC and purchasing it through that will result in a stronger spending power. I believe in bitcoin. I don't see the $10k or $1mil/BTC claims as that outlandish, not when there is an estimated $300 trillion in world wealth, a cap that BTC would absorb if it became THE global currency. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:32:27
Yes, lets start selling off all our BTC because China's official stance is its being treated the same as gold.