@_author: arhag
@_date: 2014-09-18 00:23:36


Mining was only productive when it was the only way of securing a blockchain. DPOS allows us to secure the blockchain without hashing power. Therefore using mining now is unproductive work. Not much different than paying people to dig holes and fill them back up again. Useless work doesn't give the tokens of the system value. The tokens have value because they are scarce (I can't create as much of them as I want for free) and they are easily transferable and they have network effect (meaning I can count on the fact that people will accept them for goods/services). 


Just because something is better than the current system doesn't mean we should settle for mediocrity. Especially when a better solution already exists and is ready to use. 


To the extent the gold is used for productive purposes (e.g. corrosion resistant contacts used in electronics), then it is useful to expend energy to dig it up from the ground and purify it. Most other uses of gold aren't that great. It is used as jewelry because it is expensive and it is expensive and a store of value because it is scarce. Since better stores of value exist (e.g. cryptocurrency), I personally don't see any value in gold other than the productive purposes I mentioned earlier. If gold were only used for these limited productive purposes, it would have a much lower price than it currently does. Of course I expect the price to stay high for a while because of irrationality, but my hope is that the price of gold will fall as people realize there are better ways to store their wealth (I suppose it could still be a useful store of value in disaster scenarios where we do not have internet or power).
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:32:28
It seems to me that your ideal view of distribution would be if the inflation exactly matched growth in the system so that the price of BTC (in terms of real world value) stayed the same from now until the point in the future where everyone was using Bitcoin. Obviously Bitcoin is not designed like that because that would require putting in information about the outside world into the blockchain.
That is in theory possible to design. You could take BitShares X and the 101 delegates price feeds of BTSX/USD, use the median price  compared to a snapshot price you want to target, and inflate the money supply according to the rule of trying to make the median price track the target price. But then who do you distribute the inflated money supply to? If you want to follow the Bitcoin strategy, you might as well just hand it over to power companies directly under the condition that they use the money to burn a lot of electricity for unproductive purposes. But that is silly, so it would make more sense to use that money for productive purposes. The shareholders of the system get to decide what that productive purpose should be: promote the currency, folding at home, funding cancer research, whatever. It all makes more sense than burning it on electricity.
Edit: Oh, by the way, I forgot the most important part. Even if the price of BTC in real world value remained the same over this period of time, that still doesn't mean very much for the latecomer. As a fraction of the market cap of the system, they would still be purchasing the same amount as the case with no inflation. Their purchasing power obviously remains whatever it is that they could afford to buy at the time of purchasing the BTC. The only way of avoiding that would be if the pool of inflated money was used to somehow subsidize the latecomers, but that would require being able to somehow distinguish between the latecomers and early adopters (see related discussion about this topic [here]( Anyway, the wealth redistribution through mining inflation is not between early adopters and latecomers. The wealth redistribution is between the early adopters and the entities that are given the inflated money (in POW this is the ASIC manufacturers and their workers, and the power companies and their workers, as well as the chain of suppliers that allow these two industries to provide their goods/services). 
@_date: 2014-12-25 04:43:01


Well, you definitely are not permanently isolated. You will figure out you are on the wrong chain soon enough (when you go to spend money you thought you had but really didn't to someone who isn't in on the conspiracy).
Think about the massive scale of the conspiracy that would need to be successfully pulled off. My internet connection is compromised. I download the compromised software fed by my attacker. I audit all of the code (because I sure can't trust third-parties to do it for me because they could be attacking me). I don't know if the checkpoint is correct (or the genesis block for that matter). I ask my friend (who is in on the conspiracy) who has already been using the software for a while to provide me with a recent checkpoint. I use an exchange to buy some of the tokens using my hard earned cash (a small amount for now). I go to spend some of that money at my local supermarket (who is also in on the conspiracy). Finally, I feel confident enough that I am on the correct chain that I can now spend lots of money on the (once again compromised) exchange buying up more coins. But oh wait, now that the attackers got my money they finally allow me to connect to the uncompromised internet and realize I was on the wrong chain this whole time! 
It's ridiculous.
Remember short-range nothing-at-stake problems are solved by DPOS and some other PoS coins by penalizing double-signers.


I think you are confusing two issues here. I was talking about the problem of attacking someone by isolating their internet access (in which case no one with the true blockchain could get through the attacker's firewall). If you have unrestricted internet access then again all it takes is one honest party to feed you the true chain for you to realize in less than 16 minutes that some delegates are trying to trick you (so you don't give them the good/service in exchange for the possibly worthless, since it could be a double-spend, coins).


The only people who can make forks are current delegates because you know who the top 101 delegates are and those are the only ones who can produce blocks. If you want to break that assumption then you are either implying a long-range stake attack (which I already addressed) or a 51% stake attack which is *way* more expensive to do than a 51% hash power attack on Bitcoin.


Ah, you are right, I made a mistake (I will have to fix that). I completely neglected that. I apologize. However, that doesn't change the overall concept. So, let's assume the attacker has 10% of the network hashrate. ~~In that case, with the 2 week opportunity cost assumption, the security of DPOS would be $4,182,000/$195,570,000 = 2% that of PoW for this particular attack scenario.~~ Actually, no wait this isn't correct. A more proper economic analysis is necessary. The investment cost of the mining equipment can be spread over all the attempts. The only cost per attempt is the electricity cost which is a fraction of the total mining cost. I don't have time to do this analysis properly today. Anyway, we know that $195,570,000 would be an upper bound on it.
While that isn't great, remember that this is an attack scenario where the attacker has both completely compromised the victim's internet connection. If the victims have an uncompromised internet access, they will detect the double-signed blocks in less than 16 minutes (less than two Bitcoin confirmations).
Also, in my second example with the opportunity cost being 1 full year, the security provided by DPOS ($213,282,000) is greater than the security provided by PoW ($195,570,000). You have to realize that most delegates will be giving up their real identities. They cannot just try to carry out an attack, throw away their fake identity when they get caught, and do it again for another two weeks worth of pay for the registration cost. Once they are out for double-signing, they are out for good. Another set of at least 51 colluding individuals would have to convince the stakeholders that they are honest delegates in order to get voted in and try to repeat an attack.


I understand NaS. Most of my post was not addressing long-range nothing-at-stake (just the first paragraph), which is what you are talking about. By the time an attacker can buy control of private keys of old delegates or old stakeholders enough time would have passed that the blockchain would not reorganize to another chain with a fork point starting that far in the past. 
If the client is starting from genesis, they would need  a more recent checkpoint (at most 6 months old should be fine). The checkpoint does not have to be centralized. I already discussed that in the first paragraph of my previous post and the first two paragraphs of this post.
@_date: 2014-09-17 19:55:47
You want wealth redistribution from the people who sit on their coins to some other entities. Okay, I am not going to argue for or against that economic/political policy. Let's just go with it. Who do you want that wealth to be distributed to? I argue it makes no sense to waste it on electricity and ASICs when it is not necessary to do so. This is equivalent to digging holes and filling them back up again. That money can instead be used for productive purpose: charity, research, building infrastructure, anything is better than POW mining. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:56:07


I will argue why I think a well publicized IPO is a perfectly "fair" way of distributing the initial stake of a POS system shortly. But first, if you agree that DPOS provides better security for lower cost, then what do you think about [my suggestion]( that you can still design the system for inflation?
I [claim]( that there are three ways of distributing the excess network fees and inflated money supply. 
You can give it back to the current stakeholders in proportion to their stake (which is equivalent to no inflation at all and can in fact be deflationary). You seem to have a strong disagreement with this philosophy.
You can give it ASIC manufacturers and power companies. This is what POW does.
Or, you can give it to other specific entities/organizations. Rather than wasting resources on building more ASICs or burning more coal, we can use those resources to build infrastructure, do research, or maybe even promote adoption of cryptocurrency. Anything is better than wasting the resources on electricity and ASICs when we no longer need to do so to secure the blockchain.
Now regarding the fairness of the IPO method of distributing initial stake. First, just like any other start-up business, people take risks with their money supporting a new innovative DAC. People still do not believe in BitShares X even though it is released and working (with some minor bugginess) and the peg is holding up okay (not fantastic but okay). How much of a risk was it for early investors to put real money (BTC) back in January and February on just an idea? Also the developers are sacrificing time and energy (and opportunity cost for not working somewhere else with higher pay) on the hope that this will make it big. It is no different than a tech start-up.
If you want to live in a world where innovators are not rewarded at all despite creating useful tools for society, you are going to kill (or at least seriously reduce the rate of) innovation. Should we burn Satoshi's stake as our strange way of saying thank you for creating such a brilliant new technology? And if you are worried about extreme wealth inequality, keep in mind the following: 
* Plenty of people had an opportunity to get in on the IPO. It was well publicized and ran for two months (at least the one for BitShares X did). If people chose not to take the risk at that point, that is their decision to make.
* The price in July after release was actually less than what many people paid in the IPO! People who dismissed the idea during the IPO had another great opportunity to buy in. And they had the added advantage of getting a better sense of how the system works (meaning far less risk than the people investing during the IPO). 
* The stake will be distributed anyway. There is no point in holding the majority of a worthless currency. A currency only becomes more valuable as more people use it. For people to be able to use it, the stakeholders need to sell their stake to others. And they will do this. They will want to take advantage of the price increase and start cashing in to consume real goods/services. Inflating the money supply is not necessary for distributing the stake. But like I said, you can still do it with DPOS if you want, just do it in a productive way.
@_date: 2014-09-17 17:37:59
Warning: Long post follows. Tl;dr: Give new blockchain technologies a fair chance. There are a lot of benefits to be obtained. 
I find it funny that you bring up how people doubted Satoshi stating his ideas could not work, and yet so many current Bitcoin supporters do not give alternative blockchain technologies a fair examination with an open mind.
And if BitShares X was dominant, I am confident people would be criticizing and trying to improve it as well. They should! In fact, the BitShares community is already constantly criticizing and trying to improve the existing technology on the forums. It is all done in an incredibly transparent fashion and anyone can join in. This is how technology improves. We should want competition and innovation, not fight it.
Regarding BTC evolving if it is in trouble, I do believe that to some extent. But my understanding of it "evolving" may be different than yours. If the vast majority of BTC holders came to a unified consensus on there being a problem and agreeing to a particular solution, Bitcoin could hard fork and solve its issues. The reality is people do not all agree with each other. Some people will see the flaws in Bitcoin and start diversifying their wealth to other technologies that they think have solved the problem, while the stubborn may keep holding BTC. It is possible that the BTC holders will eventually see the problems and make the changes necessary, but by then it may be too late: the majority of the cryptocurrency community may have already moved on.
Now with regards to your questions on voting and the politics involved with that, there are a lot of ways of structuring things. Currently in DPOS, users vote with their stake for up to 101 delegates using approval voting. The candidate delegates are ranked according to their approval, and the top 101 get to be the current block producers. Their purpose is to maintain consensus efficiently. These block producers have very limited powers. They can censor transactions and fail to do their job, and a few other small things, but they won't keep their job if they break the social rules by doing these things. Decentralization is achieved through the stakeholders maintaining control through their votes: if some delegates are not doing their job well, they will be voted out. Not everyone has to vote, but the system becomes more secure as more people do vote. 
Currently the average approval of the top 101 delegates in BitShares X is approximately 10%. This means that for someone to take over the delegates (and thus require us to go through the inconvenience of a hard fork to resolve the temporary setback) an attacker would have to buy up at least 10% of the stake of the system. So let me do a comparison to Bitcoin. If BitShares X had the same market cap as BTC (about $6 billion), it would cost the attacker at least $600 million dollars to get the necessary stake (actually it would be more since the attacker would significantly bid up the price if they were trying to buy 10% of the stake). An attacker could instead use that money to motivate half the existing Bitcoin mining power to mine for their fake chain since it could afford to subsidize the miners better than the coinbase rewards could. Under the current mining expenditure of $1 million per day, this could buy you about 600 days of &gt;50% hash power (assuming the miners didn't decide to stop supporting the attacker for altruistic reasons after discovering they were nefarious). More realistically, the attacker could use even a hundredth of that cost to create a longest chain allowing the attack to do some damage for a short period of time (some double spends, hurt the reputation of the Bitcoin network, etc.). Now let's say the attacker cannot convince the other honest/amoral miners to work for them and they have to buy all the mining power themselves. Under my very rough calculations, I would say it would cost the attacker approximately a billion dollars in capital (ASICs) and approximately half a million dollars per day in electricity. The attacker would have to spend more attacking a DPOS system with even 10% delegate approval and a market cap of 10 billion dollars. More realistically, with a delegate approval of about 50% (which I am sure will be achieved in BitShares X soon enough), the attacker would pay more attacking the DPOS system even if it had a market cap as low as $2 billion. And all of this security is achieved in DPOS without burning away the money on ASICs or electricity. This is what I mean by BTC holders *overpaying* for security. 
Furthermore, even after a stake attack like this in DPOS, we can identify the balances voting for the evil delegates and purge them in the hard fork. This means that the attacker will lose their $600 million investment. They will essentially be paying all the stakeholders for the inconvenience of a temporary outage and having to do a hard fork. Whereas with POW, the only way to take back control of the network is for the good guys to buy more ASICs and expend more energy. 
Obviously, we would prefer to have higher approval than 10% (ideally more than 50% approval for all 101 delegates). That will grow as the client becomes less buggy and more people get comfortable using it. For example, a lot of the balances from the genesis block still haven't been moved. As approval goes up and especially as market cap goes up, these factors will increase the cost of an attack even more.
Finally, I should discuss how the inflationary/deflationary decisions can be made. As it is currently designed, BitShares X is deflationary. Each of the delegates decide on a pay rate (between 0% and 100%) which they cannot increase after they have committed to it. Stakeholders vote for these delegates based on many criteria but one of them is the pay rate. The pay rate is a network enforced rule that the income of the delegate will first be destroyed by a certain percentage (thus acting as a dividend back to the stakeholders) before the remainder is given to them to cover their costs and act as profit. One of the criteria for selecting a delegate can be what they intend to do with the money they receive. Since DPOS is so efficient, there can be a lot of income for delegates just from network fees (meaning no coinbase). Some delegates may choose to burn all that excess income as a dividend to stakeholders. Some may choose to use those funds for productive purposes: funding development or marketing, charity, etc. The stakeholders always remain in control of these decisions because they vote the delegates in and can vote them out *whenever* they want. 
Now there are other ways of structuring the voting system as well. I have ideas for a proposal system which can be voted on by the majority of the stake to modify some of the network rules live (in a very constrained manner of course). This would be a more convenient way for the blockchain to adapt than relying on hard forks by the developers. But none of that is currently in the plans for BitShares X, so I won't bother describing it any further.
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:22:40
Yes, POW mining is the real problem, not necessarily inflation (assuming the inflation is justified).  There are basically three choices with what to do with money collected by the network (whether from fees or coins minted into existence):
* **Give it back to the stakeholders in proportion to the stake they hold.** This is equivalent to no inflation and can even be deflationary if you are not minting at all but instead are distributing the fees to stakeholders by burning them.
* **Give it to specific entities/organizations to improve the network.** These organizations can fund development, marketing, lobbying governments to not pass laws that will hold back the potential of the system, etc. You can even vote for who these entities who get paid are  by voting with your stake (your stake is analogous to shares in a corporation).
* **Give it to CPU/ASIC manufacturers and power companies.** This is what POW systems do. This option provides no advantage to the network like the previous point does, nor does it even reward the early adopters who made the system possible like the first point does. This is the option that makes no rational sense if an alternative method of securing the blockchain exists (hint: it does). 
@_date: 2014-09-15 00:00:40
Multisig. For example, [BitGo](
@_date: 2014-09-15 22:49:04
Anyway... my only request to the community would be to look into things with an open mind rather than immediately treating every new attempt at doing blockchain technology differently as a personal attack on them or their (actual or expected future) wealth.
That said, I understand how demanding and tiring it can be to dive deep into every possible new altcoin that comes out. It is very overwhelming, so it is easy to just start dismissing all of them as more of the same shitcoin. Unfortunately, with that attitude you may miss the gem hidden inside the pile of crap.
@_date: 2014-08-22 04:45:33
I believe this concept was already introduced with [NashX]( It will be interesting to see if this works well in practice.
I don't agree with the buyer paying 3x while the seller pays 1x though. You want both the buyer and seller to risk the same amount of money for the bond. The buyer also has to put in extra money for the cost of the good. So if the cost of the good is G (say G = 1 BTC) and the cost of the bond is B (say B = 200% \* G = 2 BTC), then the seller should put B = 2 BTC into the fund while the buyer puts B+G = 3 BTC into the fund. After the buyer receives the good from the seller, they come to an agreement on how to split the funds worth G+2\*B. Ideally, the seller should get back B+G while the buyer should get back B (for a net transfer of G from buyer to seller). However, if there is disagreement about the goods shipped (maybe it's a box of rocks instead), then the buyer and seller need to compromise or else they both lose at least B amount of money. Finally, there is no need for a 200% bond. You can use something smaller like 25%, or B = 0.25\*G. It just changes the leverage (L = 1 + G/B) that a dishonest actor has in screwing over the other party at cost to himself. With 25%, L=5, so a dishonest seller could burn 1 BTC to hurt an honest buyer by 5 BTC and a dishonest buyer could burn 1 BTC to hurt an honest seller by 5 BTC. 
@_date: 2014-08-20 05:06:33


What in particular are you thinking about here? I think a bot attempting double-spends are even less of an issue. In most cases where money is spent over the internet, people can tolerate waiting half an hour (unlike an in-person purchase). It isn't ideal but could be more acceptable than higher prices to pay for double-spend insurance.


Right, it would be nice if attackers couldn't duplicate their money (through double-spends) without needing a third-party involved.
Now, I agree with you that the risk of double-spends with Bitcoin is low enough that the insurance needed would be low cost. Like you said there is effectively a 6 month confirmation time with current credit cards and that only requires 3% fees. Bitcoin's 10 minute confirmation times lower the risk considerably. But wouldn't it be valuable to drop the risk even further with lower confirmation times, if possible?


I don't think it is too far off. And it doesn't require decentralized insurance. In fact, if we ignore the volatility protection that services like BitPay provide for now and only focus on the super fast confirmation times they provide, then I would say it is already possible today. [BitShares X]( uses [DPOS]( instead of POW to achieve [10 second confirmation times]( Also, if [BitAssets]( (which are in testing right now) work, then services like BitPay wouldn't even be necessary anymore since merchants could sell goods/services for BitUSD (a virtual asset that tracks the price of a US dollar). 
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:09:06


I am very aware of all of that.


I actually already discussed that over [here]( (see comments after the fourth quotation).
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:32:09






Okay, but how is this any worse than our current system where VISA and Mastercard can see all of your purchases (and yes the three letter agencies can and do grab that info from them as well).


Again, you must compare the systems to what we have now. If we aren't worried very much about DDoS and other attacks on VISA and Mastercards networks, why should we worry more about a far more decentralized solution? Is it because you think the current powers will do everything they can (including the malicious methods you described) to keep cryptocurrency down and not let it grow to dominance?
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:04:00


 
I am *not* asking for unconditional trust. I would hate for people to do that. I want everyone to evaluate the facts and use reasoning to come to their own conclusions. I just don't like it when people fail to see the truth because of irrationality. 
And let me remind everyone reading that this is all a huge experiment. It can fail horribly. So standard warnings apply: do not invest more than you can afford to lose. That said, you cannot reap rewards without taking risks. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 19:59:54
Do you believe that the coin inflation through mining somehow gives late adopters an advantage to get into the system? It does not. Whether they obtain the coins through mining for new ones or trading for existing ones, they still need to pay approximately the same amount of value to obtain the coins.
The only difference is that the value of the network is *unnecessarily* (because methods of securing the blockchain other than POW exist) transferred to ASIC manufacturers and power companies.
Even if you wanted to keep inflating the system at the current rate, it would still be smarter to give that money to organizations promoting Bitcoin (development, marketing, legal) rather than to ASIC manufacturers and power companies.
It is amazing to me that Bitcoin supporters fail to see this. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:36:36
See my post [here]( 
In DPOS, we have two options. We can either: not inflate the supply at all and stick with the number of tokens that were initially created at launch (actually the system can be deflationary where the supply decreases giving each stakeholder more value over time all else being equal); or, we can inflate the supply if we want to allocate that value to organizations that can grow adoption of the system fast enough to overcome the inflation tax. This decision should be left in the hands of the shareholders (coin holders) of the DAC. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 00:02:22
First, let me just recommend that you read  if you haven't already and in particular read some of the links in the sources and discussions section for more detail. I believe they should help answer or clarify a lot of your questions. If that does not answer your questions to a satisfying degree, then I recommend that you post these questions directly on the [BitShares forums]( so that other people knowledgeable about these topics can help answer and perhaps even the devs can address your concerns.
I am not sure what you mean by malicious forks. Are you talking about forks in the case of the worst case scenario hard fork that should hopefully never happen, or are you talking about more traditional forks like orphaned blocks?
Regarding how you determine which chain is the good one, you simply pick the longest chain but because only the top 101 delegates can produce blocks and they are not allowed to double sign without getting fired, it is not without cost to produce multiple chains. As I mentioned before, if the majority of delegates are not colluding to be evil or your internet connection is not completely compromised by the attacker, you will know very soon if you are not on the consensus chain. As for easily communicating whether you are on the same consensus chain as other people you trust with out-of-band methods, why bother with accumulated proof-of-work metrics when you can easily just share a block hash (encoded in an easy to pronounce form) of a recent block? So if the client is warning you of suspicious activity (e.g. delegate participation rate dropped below 70% because a majority of evil delegates decided to collude to attack you), you can still easily confirm whether or not you are being fed a different blockchain than the blockchain others see by communicating over the phone with someone you trust (who we assume isn't also under attack by this hypothetical powerful attacker). 
Regarding history reversal and long-range Nothing-at-Stake attacks, I have discussed this topic at length [here]( [here]( [here]( and in this reddit thread [here](
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:06:41
POW is a waste of resources and an environmental disaster. Whether it is BTC or some other coin, the rational thing to do is switch to a consensus technology that provides better security per unit cost.
I think I still need to understand Open Transactions better. But from what I understood it doesn't explain how smart contracts can be enforced without trusting a third party. I would appreciate if you can help me improve my understanding of how it all works. DPOS allows stakeholders in a DAC control the delegates through voting, who then act as the notaries of the system. If they are being nefarious by not following the social rules of the DAC (excluding transactions from the consensus chain for example), then they can be voted out.
Edit: Let me be more specific. One of the novel features of BitShares X are BitAssets. These are derivatives that are backed by BTSX held in collateral. There is a full decentralized exchange on the blockchain that allows people to buy, sell, and short BitAssets. The network enforces margin calls on the shorts if necessary. Can you please explain to me how this could be implemented in Open Transactions and BTC? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-09-17 19:46:48
I'm not trying to start a war here, I want to understand other people's perspectives. So, can someone please define for me what a "fair" distribution is and how POW achieves that? Before you comment I would appreciate it if you read my comment [here]( 
@_date: 2014-09-20 21:20:59
Nah, the bicycle rider would have been safely away from the truck if the red car didn't interfere.
Or maybe the driver of the red car was attempting to be a poor man's [Bruce Wayne](
@_date: 2014-09-18 20:30:33


No problem. I'm enjoying it.


Open source certainly makes these DAC businesses *more* difficult to profit from. Anyone can copy the BitShares toolkit and launch their own DAC. This is an incredibly competitive space. The only thing allowing a DAC to keep its value is network effect (same with Bitcoin by the way). 


That isn't totally true. Sure for a pump and dump altcoin, the devs will take the money and run. But BitShares is a serious project. The lead developers are converting their received funds from the IPO into BTSX. They do this for two reasons: they have skin in the game, so they are motivated to do the best job on the project to make it successful; and, they believe in the technology so they believe they will maximize their rewards through the price of BTSX increasing.






These questions are indeed difficult for me to answer (and some are even impossible for anyone to answer). I don't want to give false answers, so I will be careful with how I answer. 
First, just like in Bitcoin, it is hard for people to know what the distribution of stake among individuals is. BitShares makes this especially difficult because [TITAN]( (essentially stealth addresses with human-readable names) automatically uses the best practices of Bitcoin to give users a lot of privacy when transferring funds. 
Second, I don't know on average how many full nodes are participating in the peer-to-peer network (maybe someone else from the BitShares community can help me out with that), but we can know that at least the 101 active delegates will always be participating in the network since that is their job.
Third, I *believe* the largest owner at the start was Invictus Innovations (the company comprised of the lead developers of the BitShares toolkit). They received approximately 250k PTS from the AGS IPO, which then gave them access to approximately 10% of the BTSX stake in the genesis block (by virtue of holding the PTS). Hopefully someone from I3 corrects me if I am wrong about this. Keep in mind, since the IPO was anonymous, it is entirely possible that someone else purchased enough PTS or AGS prior to the snapshot to get more than the 10% of the stake that I3 received, but I highly doubt it. Finally, we have no way of knowing how stake has been redistributed since then as people trade BTSX on exchanges. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 18:44:59
They're doing it wrong. It needs to be an NFC chip that signs a random challenge with the private keys corresponding to the address that burned a lot of BTC on the blockchain. Then people can use their mobile phones to see whose ring really has the larger proof-of-burn and isn't just a fake. 
And I agree with smartfbrankings below, it shouldn't just be a BTC balance but rather a true proof-of-burn to more faithfully represent the analogue to diamond rings. ; ) 
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:17:14
Acting maliciously how? They still need to get enough approval to get in the top 202 spots. The delegates in rank 102 to 202 have no way of acting maliciously at all. If the active delegates in rank 1 to 101 act maliciously (and keep in mind there are limits to what they can actually do), they will eventually be voted out and never have the opportunity to earn a delegate income again (this is why it is useful to know the real identities of the delegates, but even if they were pseudonymous, they still had to pay a large delegate registration fee to even be considered as a candidate).
@_date: 2014-09-15 21:25:46


Not sure what you are getting at here. Care to explain further?


Centralization provides efficiency which is good but it also makes it an easier target for attack which is bad. An appropriate trade-off must be found where the efficiency is good enough but it is still too difficult to attack the network. Also, even if the powerful servers that the thin clients depend on are all shut down in a coordinated state-sponsored attack, it doesn't mean the network is forever dead. It would only be a temporary inconvenience before some other servers take their place and the blockchain rises again from the dead (or rather its short nap). The fact that the expensive coordinated attack would not permanently kill the network makes carrying out the attack mostly futile, so it likely wouldn't even be attempted. 


That's a very legitimate point, at least in the case of Bitcoin. If block producers weren't throwing away so much money on proof of work mining, low transaction fees could easily cover the cost of the high end servers for the long-term.  


I do agree with you that BTC will most likely not solve these problems. But that is because of the Bitcoin community's irrational belief that proof of work is the only valid way of securing the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-08-22 03:05:48


That is a very valid concern, which is why more people need to use multisig companies like [BitGo]( or [GreenAddress]( Don't give up full control of any of your money to third parties, use 2-of-3 multisig instead. One key is on your hot client, one key is in cold storage (say a paper backup stored in a safe), and the third key is managed by a company that can use two-factor authentication, SMS, phone calls, whatever to authenticate your transactions (just like Coinbase). If the company disappears, you just get out your paper backup and take back your money.  
@_date: 2014-10-23 02:07:10
Damn, I have been too lazy about fixing that nothing-at-stake essay. Sorry about that. I really should find the time to fix it up. In particular, it doesn't address the legitimate nothing-at-stake concerns for Peercoin-style POS and how DPOS solves it by having the delegates' future income at stake (voters vote them out if they double sign blocks within a round).  However the nothing-at-stake concerns of the second kind (LRNaS, or buying up old invalid private keys) is addressed, as well as the argument on how checkpoints in the client aren't really serious risks of centralization of power. So, I think it is still a worthwhile read despite its incomplete state. 
And I would appreciate any feedback if someone sees flaws with the arguments. It would be great to strengthen the arguments in favor of DPOS through discussion and debate. And who knows, worst case scenario someone might even find some economic vulnerabilities in DPOS which could then hopefully be corrected.
Also, if you want further reading on this topic of POW vs DPOS and LRNaS attacks, I recommend reading through [this reddit thread]( as well.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:17:44
Bitcoin holders are *overpaying* for security. 


Correct. But that is true outside of Bitcoin as well, just for a different kind of 51% attack. In POW systems, the cost of attacking the network is from obtaining 51% of hash power, which is much cheaper than obtaining 51% of stake in a POS system.


Everything is negotiable. It is all code, and code can be changed if there is consensus. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 05:27:03
That's a ridiculous argument. If there is no barrier to retrieving your funds, then there is no barrier for any hacker to retrieve *your* funds. There always has to be a trade-off between security and convenience. I do however think that the tools can be further improved and be made easier to use for regular users. It is still early days.
@_date: 2014-09-15 02:20:45
I haven't used BitGo myself so I don't have personal experience of what the process is like. If you do, I am interested in hearing more details about the process.
But from a theoretical perspective, I can imagine what the process of recovering funds with a 2-of-3 multisig would be like. You wait until you get home, take out your paper wallet, boot up your computer with a live Linux environment, sign a transaction spending your balance to a regular address, save that transaction to later sign with your regular hot client, and then finally get access to your funds. 
Is that the hassle you are talking about? Considering this should only be done if the company fails, I don't think of that as a big deal.
@_date: 2014-09-16 19:42:51
The money in the IPO is going to the people who make the technology successful: developers, marketers, lobbyists to protect the system from the government. With the coinbase you are wasting all that potential value on electricity and ASICs. For what reason? Some weird misguided notion of fairness? I would argue that is less fair because the people who are willing to put the time and energy to improve the system cannot get funded other than through donations.
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:24:42
BitShares X *is* complicated and confusing. Unfortunately that turns a lot of people off from it. They dismiss it rather than spending time trying to understand it.
If I were to distill BitShares X, I would say that its two main innovations are:
* DPOS
* BitAssets
DPOS is an alternative to POW, which provides better security for lower cost. You can think of Bitcoin's consensus model as delegated proof of work. Miners delegate their hash power to mining pools that produce the blocks. Delegated proof of stake (DPOS) delegates stakeholders' stake to active delegates who produce the blocks on their behalf. The stakeholders remain in control because they can vote in/out delegates at any time using their stake. The added security comes from the fact that attackers need to buy a majority of stake rather than a majority of hash power to take over the network, and buying a majority of stake is far more expensive. The efficiency comes from the fact that holding stake is free, but mining costs a lot of electricity. Because the active delegates are known, if they double sign blocks, they will be fired and lose future income, which is what protects this POS system from Nothing-at-Stake attacks. 
BitAssets are even more complicated to explain. I will not attempt to explain it well in this post. The general idea is that it allows people who want *price stability* forgo any potential rise (or decline) in the price of BTSX (the equivalent of BTC for the BitShares X DAC) by trading their BTSX for a BitAsset. The other side of this trade is a short that locks up the BTSX along with their own added margin as collateral to back the BitAsset debt they owe to the network. These people who short take part in this transaction because they believe the price of BTSX is going to go up relative to the BitAsset and they want *leverage* to maximize their gains (but it also means they are at risk of higher losses if the price goes down as well). The system is designed like a prediction market so that the market consensus forces the value of BitAssets to track the value of the underlying asset. Finally, the network enforces margin calls if necessary so that there is always BTSX of sufficient value backing the issued BitAssets (barring black swan events). The end result of all of this is hopefully a derivative market-pegged to the value of its underlying which is backed in value with BTSX without counterparty risk (which is very different than the other IOU assets that currently exist in other altcoins). Keep in mind that BitAssets are a new financial experiment and therefore very risky. However, the peg has been holding up okay so far despite buggy clients and low demand for BitUSD (since no merchants accept it yet). 
If anyone wants to have a calm, rational discussion about these topics, I am happy to answer questions to the best of my ability. And please remember reddiquette and don't downvote just because you do not agree with someone's views. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:23:23


Now you've confused me. You started this thread off by saying Bitcoin cannot be successful because of scalability issues. You dismissed one of the solutions to this (thin clients) because of privacy concerns. But what are you comparing to? If you are comparing to the current system, then my argument is that Bitcoin with thin clients can still provide more privacy than our current system. If you are comparing to some other solution that solves all of these problems, then please describe that solution since I am very interested to find out. 
I am not sure I understand what your overall argument is here.
@_date: 2014-09-16 23:28:54


If a minority of delegates collude to double sign blocks they will be fired by stakeholders. The rule is that delegates cannot double sign a block per round. If they do, then the signature will be used as cryptographic proof to have everyone in the network vote them out (which means they lose their future income).
If the majority of the delegates collude, then the network has temporarily been taken over. All they can do is ignore every other honest delegate, filter transactions, or even shut down the entire network. If they are very capable (meaning they control the victims internet connection), they might be able to get away with some double spends. But soon enough, the stakeholders of the system will realize this. There would be a hard fork of the DAC, the balances voting for these evil delegates would be purged, and the fork would resume operation with minor damage (but compensated by more than doubling the fractional ownership of their stake because of the purge). The economic assumption is that the realistic benefits that the delegates can gain from this activity is less than the opportunity cost of missing out on future delegate income. Under that assumption, it is unlikely that a majority of delegates would collude to do this (in particular if their real world identity is known). Therefore hopefully the hard fork would never have to be used, but it is there as a nuclear option in order to align incentives. 
It is also important to compare to Bitcoin. Currently only the top three mining pool operators need to collude to control more than 51% of the hash power. These mining pool operators could discard future mining profits to carry out double spends for some temporary period of time. Similar to DPOS, they are unlikely to do this because they will eventually be removed from power and lose out on the future income they could have made by playing fair. But the thing about DPOS is that the system enforces 101 delegates which is already more decentralized than Bitcoin is with its current concentration in mining pools.
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:56:55
Well the delegate's IP addresses aren't publicly known. The DDoS attacker would have to know which of the many nodes in the peer-to-peer network to direct their DDoS attack towards. But let us say they are able analyze timing of packets to figure out the IP addresses of a delegate. What stops attackers from doing this with the top current Bitcoin mining pool operators? Besides all users will know something weird is going on. They aren't just going to vote away from reliable well-known delegates and vote for the lower ranked sketchy delegates just because a significant fraction of the active delegates are suddenly down. That is suspicious behavior that should warn users that the network is likely under attack.
@_date: 2014-09-16 19:27:01


Okay, but I don't think that is what is holding back adoption by the general public. I don't think most people really care about privacy *that* much. Sure cash is more private than Bitcoin today, but there are a lot of additional factors to consider than just privacy when choosing a currency or store of value. 
And there could be further technology improvements to increase privacy of blockchain technologies in the future: Tor, coin mixers, ZeroCash, etc. On the other hand, I don't think the current establishment has any motivation to increase the privacy of their system. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:05:36


This is an important point that I feel too many people overlook or dismiss. There is now actual competition in currencies. If someone tweaks Bitcoin's parameters or reinvents it entirely, and releases the modified altcoin, people now have the option to switch over to the altcoin if desired.
The original Bitcoin with the original limits and consensus algorithm would still exist (even if everyone eventually stops using it and thus valuing it). The modified version could fork off and be available for trading against BTC. Then people can vote on these decisions using their money. If there is a broad consensus that the modified parameters of the altcoin are desirable, the value of BTC will plummet as the value of the altcoin rises. On the other hand, if no one values the modifications of the altcoin, then its market cap will fall as people dump it, while the price of BTC remains strong.
So if people decided they wanted to change the rules of Bitcoin, they wouldn't really be changing the rules of Bitcoin. They would be creating a fork with the new rules, switching over to that, dumping Bitcoin, and then recalling the fork Bitcoin for branding purposes even though technically it is a new coin. If this process happens very quickly, it appears as if the supposedly immutable rules of Bitcoin were changed. If the process happens slowly, it appears as if a new altcoin "beat" Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:39:14
Good point on the standby delegates. The community is considering paying the top 101 standby delegates a partial income just to incentivize them to keep their servers available and be ready to take over if some of the 101 active delegates need to be voted out. The worse case scenario in terms of costs is that it doubles the already incredibly low transaction fees. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 22:32:11


The mining pool operators still need the whole block to verify the transactions included in them and to collect the coinbase. As the Bitcoin network scales, they will need bigger and more reliable pipes as well. Think of the delegates like 101 mining pools and the stake as hash power.


I'm sorry I don't understand the question. Do you mean what happens if a few of the active delegate servers crash?
@_date: 2014-12-25 03:06:55


This is the long-range nothing-at-stake problem which is solved with checkpoints. Checkpoints aren't a problem once you embrace [weak subjectivity]( and realize the checkpoints only practically matter to clients synchronizing with the network after a long period (several months) of being offline. Checkpoints are also not a centralization risk because you don't need to trust the developers for the validity of the checkpoints. You can ask anyone who has a stored recent copy of the blockchain. Ask enough people unlikely to collude together, and you can be very confident it is the "correct" one. And once again you hardly ever have to do this since your synchronization period will usually be quite small (the exceptions are pretty much just synchronizing on a brand new machine from the genesis block).


An attacker who has isolated your network connection can also feed you a fake PoW blockchain at some economic cost. If they prevent you from seeing the real chain (with the larger accumulated work), you will believe the chain they gave you is real and could be vulnerable to a double spend attack. The question is: does the economic cost to the attacker for producing that fake chain exceed the double spend gain? If so, it is not rational for the attacker to do this attack.
In DPOS, if 91 delegates collude and isolate your network, they can provide you with a fake chain and double-spend attack you. Even after 16 minutes after you first "received" the transaction, you will still believe you are on the right chain with &gt;90% delegate participation, at least until your network is no longer isolated and you eventually discover you were on a fork. At that point the fork resolution mechanics come in to play and probably the other fork will win (and you will have lost money due to the realized double-spend) since the other fork will probably have more than 91 delegates signing the chain.
But here is the important thing. Since the chain you were on was a majority consensus chain from your perspective but yet turned out to be a fake chain, it necessarily means that some of the delegates double-signed blocks. And since you received that chain, you have in your possession the cryptographic proof to get all 91 of those double-signing delegates fired by simply submitting that proof to the network once your internet connection is no longer isolated. If you get the delegate fired, you hurt them economically. As long the economic harm you cause them is greater than the double spend gain they can potentially get, you don't realistically need to worry about such an attack in the first place just like you don't with Bitcoin.
So let's compare security between the two models. People say 6 confirmations (estimated to be 1 hour) in Bitcoin is enough security. Considering the block reward is 25 BTC and competition drives down mining profits to 0%, we can assume the cost of producing the 6 fake blocks for a double-spend attack is ~~(6 blocks)\*(25 BTC/block)\*($318/BTC) = $47,700~~ (with the current market price of BTC). Keep in mind that the attackers can double-spend as many victims as they can simultaneously isolate (isolate their network connection from the rest of the world) for this fixed cost ~~of $47,700~~. **Edit: There is a mistake with this calculation. The actual analysis is more complicated than this (thanks to 110101002 for pointing it out) and requires further assumptions. I don't have to time right now to do the analysis properly, but just read the comments below in this thread to learn more.**
In DPOS, if 51 unique delegates (of the 101 total active delegates) confirm a block (which at a block interval of 10 seconds is estimated to take anywhere from 8 to 16 minutes before you have at least all 51), you "know" you are on the majority consensus chain. What is the cost to these delegates for creating the fake blockchain? Well if they double-sign a block in a given round (a 16 minute time period) they will be fired and will not receive and further delegate pay. So their cost is their opportunity cost: all of the income they would have received if they had behaved honestly. 
How much is this income? Well let us estimate it fairly by comparing what it could be if BTC were to adopt this. So I will use the same inflation rate as BTC (approximately 10% per year) and the market cap of BTC ($4.3 billion). If BitShares (BTS) had a market cap of $4.3 billion and was inflating at 10% per year, it would be able to pay delegates $430 million per year. Since there are 101 delegates, that means each delegate could get paid $4.25 million per year (or $164,000 every 2 weeks). 
A delegate needs to pay two weeks reward to register. Let's assume an attacker registers 51 evil delegates (paying a total of $8,364,000), *somehow* tricks the BTS stakeholders to vote them all in, and then tries to double-sign a block (in order to double-spend attack people) immediately after getting them all voted into the top 101. If any one of those victims sends the double spend proof to the network (which they will once they realize they have been attacked), all 51 of those delegates will be fired and no longer be able to receive block rewards. So the question to ask is how long will it take before a double-spend victim is able to connect to the rest of the internet, realize they have been attacked, and send the double-sign proof to the network? Also, how long will it take for the clients of stakeholders to come online detect the double-sign proof and (automatically) update their votes to vote that delegate out? I would say we can estimate 1 day for the victim to get back online and 6 days for enough stakeholders to launch their client, detect the double-sign proof, and vote the evil delegates out. Since the evil delegates will continue earning block rewards during that estimated 1 week, the net loss (not accounting for any double-spend gains) will actually be $4,182,000 (~~which is still orders of magnitude greater than the $47,700 loss from the PoW model~~). ~~**What my analysis shows is that security provided by DPOS is at least 87 times better than PoW given the same cost paid for the security**~~ (at least with the assumptions given in this paragraph).
What if the delegate waits longer than two weeks before attacking? One answer to this is that by that point the delegate has earned the trust of the stakeholders and they could make more money just remaining an honest delegate rather than double-spend attacking innocent people (which is guaranteed to get them fired, probably in less than a week, and lose all that potential future income). The other answer is that we could allow a delegate to retire and take back their registration fee (so their registration fee is actually more of a security deposit). Obviously, they would lose their deposit if a double-sign proof is submitted to the blockchain. By requiring a 2 week waiting period after retirement before the delegate can get their security deposit back, we can be very confident that any victims have submitted any valid double-spend proofs by then. ~~With this minor tweak, we design the economics of the system to pretty much guarantee that the minimum 87x better security per fixed cost of DPOS over PoW remains true in all cases (even when the delegate wants to quit or knows will be voted out soon AND also doesn't care about their reputation going forward).~~
However, the security is often much better ~~than 87x~~. If the opportunity cost for a delegate that double-signs a block is not just 2 weeks pay but rather a full year's pay (meaning the delegate could have easily stayed elected and gotten paid for producing blocks for at least a year if they did not double-sign blocks), then the security can improve by more than an order of magnitude. Once again I assume the delays of submitting the double-spend proof and clients reacting to it by voting the delegate out takes approximately 1 week. Then the remaining 51 weeks of pay will be lost to the delegate. Using the numbers of the previous example, this would correspond to a pay of $213,282,000 (~~4471x improvement in security over PoW~~). 
It is clear that this amount of security is overkill. ~~So what we can do instead is reduce the amount we pay for security. With just 2x improvement in security per unit cost over PoW, DPOS can afford an inflation rate that is 43.5 times smaller (0.23% instead of 10%). We could even keep the remaining 9.77% inflation if we want and instead use it to pay for *actual productive work* not just burning electricity. Again at BTC's market cap, that would correspond to a total payment stream of $420,110,000 per year. $110,000 per year could pay the server costs of the 101 delegates (a little more than $1000/year each) for the low transaction volume Bitcoin currently needs to handle. Even as more powerful computers are needed to scale with the transaction volume, $20 million of the $420 million could probably take care of it. This leaves more than $400 million per year that could be spent on productive things like development, marketing, legal costs, etc. Or that money could just be destroyed to reduce the inflation to below 1%. And that isn't even counting any of the transaction fees that could be burned to make the inflation rate negative (meaning BTS could experience *monetary deflation* while still remaining secure).~~
Edit: The security is still overkill IMO despite the change in the numbers. It's not worth wasting $420 million per year to improve security against double spend attacks in the unlikely case where the majority of stakeholder-elected delegates collude to attack users AND completely control the victim's internet access.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:22:42


You are acting like obtaining new coins through mining is free. It is not. It has a huge cost. It is easier for the average person to obtain BTC through an exchange than setting up mining gear to get it.
Therefore, if expensive mining was not necessary to secure the network, there wouldn't be a need to inflate the money supply to pay for costs. You could still do it of course. But the question is why?
@_date: 2014-09-18 22:25:38
First of all, thank you for asking good questions. I wish the rest of the community had this attitude rather than immediately dismissing the technology without thought.


Right, so notice I already discussed that in my above comment. But to clarify, if you have a 51% delegate attack, or you have a 51% stake attack (which then allows the attacker to vote for 100% of their own delegates), the hard fork mechanism is necessary to resolve the attack.


So for a 51% stake attack, the cost of an attack is much more expensive than a 51% POW attack. Also, in the hard fork, the honest users can identify and purge the bad stake pretty easily (identify balances voting for known evil delegates). This means the attacker essentially pays a huge sum of money (half the market cap) to all the honest actors for the inconvenience of the hard fork. The attacker would be bled dry fairly quickly.
For a 51% delegate attack (meaning simultaneously having control of at least 51 of the 101 delegates), the purge is doable as well but might be unacceptable by the community depending on how the delegates were compromised. If they were good delegates that had their private keys simultaneously compromised, I would imagine the hard fork would be designed to not purge anything, just kick the compromised delegates out and let the network resume with new delegates. In this case, the cost to the attacker is not as great (whatever the cost is of doing a simultaneously attack on 51 servers spread across the world, which isn't trivial, as well as the opportunity cost of not collecting the delegate income). However, the important question to ask is if the cost is less than or more than the cost of a 51% POW attack. I would argue it would be easier to continually compromise the top mining pools to temporarily disrupt the Bitcoin network until people lose confidence in it (we are talking state actors here because they are the only ones with the resources to pull this sort of attack off). Since you can take more than 51% of hash power by just going after the top 3 Bitcoin mining pools, but you require going after 51 delegates to compromise DPOS, I would argue DPOS is more secure from these kind of attacks.
And if an attacker does control more than 51% of hash power (say the government seized control of a bunch of ASICs), it is not at all easy for the good guys to take back control. They would have to purchase additional ASICs faster than the attacker could (and they would have to afford the electricity costs of running it). This would lead to a much longer disruption to users than a 51% attack on DPOS. And the fact is mining will always become centralized because of economies of scale. So, it is not fair to compare to a hypothetical case of the attacker needing to seize an ASIC from every home. The reality is as Bitcoin mining becomes more centralized in the future (due to economics), it becomes easier for an state actor to steal control of majority hash power.


I'm not sure if you are talking about the case where 51% or more of the delegates are compromised, or in the regular scenario. In the compromised case, with the victim's network isolated from the world, the victim would also have no way of knowing if the given POW chain is good or not. In the case of DPOS under normal operation, a user will know within one round of 101 blocks (approximately 17 minutes) whether they are on a majority chain or not. If they are on a majority chain, then they are on the consensus chain (unless the majority of delegates are compromised and their internet connection is isolated by the attacker). If they are on a minority chain, their client will know this and can tell the user to not trust transactions for goods/services until the network is back to normal. The reality is though, that under normal conditions, one can just wait for one block (10 seconds) and be very confident (more confident than waiting for one block confirmation in Bitcoin) that the transaction will not become invalid due to a fork. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:24:03
I think you are too dismissive of network effect (which is what provides the scarcity in POS systems). If a POS coin was dominant and some new clone of it popped up, it would have a really hard time taking market share away from the dominant coin. It would have to provide some great innovation that the dominant coin did not have (and was for whatever reason unwilling to copy). I think this arrangement is actually a good thing because it promotes competition and innovation. The dominant currency needs to keep innovating to meet the demand of the people or else it will slowly be replaced by a superior alternative.
Also, through market-pegged assets people can maintain the purchasing power of their currency even as a competitor chain siphons away the wealth (at least if it happens slowly and only until a certain point when the market cap becomes too small to support the market-pegged assets anymore).
Finally, just because Bitcoin costs a lot of real world resources to operate doesn't mean people have to value it. If people all decide they do not want to accept it for goods/services, then it will have no value. Just because something is scarce doesn't mean it will automatically be valuable. People may have moral reasons for rejecting the environmentally unfriendly BTC when more efficient POS alternatives exist. Actually, even better than moral reasons, they would have economic reasons to reject it, since the cost of transactions would be much higher than a POS system.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:21:53
From 












It doesn't look *that* complicated to me. But maybe my threshold for complication is pretty high. In fact, I would complicate the process even more for security reasons so that you never have both keys on one internet-enabled computer at the same time (see bolded parts above). I would have the offline key sign the transaction on a live Linux environment without an internet connection and save the partially signed transaction on a flash drive. Then I would finish signing that transaction on the regular internet-enabled computer with the regular private key.
@_date: 2014-08-20 02:36:10
So are you actually trying to argue there is no value in sub-30-second confirmation times? 
An attacker "paying" for goods in person with BTC, walking away from the store, getting in the car and driving away is entirely plausible within 10 minutes. But good luck getting out of the store in less than 30 seconds after doing the double-spend.
Sure, the merchant can solve this issue through insurance. Most people aren't going to risk jail attempting this. The few that do are just the cost of doing business that the merchant can cover through insurance and middle-men payment processors. But wasn't the whole point of Bitcoin to get rid of these middlemen as much as possible? If there is an alt-coin that has less than 30 second confirmation times and thus doesn't need the double-spend insurance, I find it hard to believe that anyone can actually argue it wouldn't have added value compared to Bitcoin.
Edit: I should make it clear I don't think the 10 minute confirmation times are a serious issue in practice with Bitcoin. It is still ridiculously hard for an attacker to get away with a double-spend attack. My only point is that, all else equal, lower confirmation times makes the risk of double-spends even lower which is valuable to the merchant.
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:48:59


This is an incredibly competitive space (thanks free markets!). Network effect can only help for so long (remember MySpace?). If Bitcoin does not keep innovating it is very likely to be replaced by systems that do.




Same argument can be made for Proof-of-Stake systems that people are so dismissive of. If someone buys up 51% of stake they can take control of a POS system. While that is true, why would they flush all their money down the toilet by then trying to destroy the system. But the great thing about POS systems is that: first, it is more expensive to buy up 51% of stake than 51% of hashing power; and second, even if someone was economically foolish enough to do this, the remaining shareholders could just fork, burn the attackers stake, and resume operation. However with the POW system, the attacker can secretly buy up 51% of hash power and then as long as they maintain control of 51% of hash power they will keep control of any POW fork (unless people agree to modify the hashing algorithm, but that would mean all the ASICs become useless).
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:26:43


Wow! I find that completely backwards. POW encourages the ineffective use of global resources by burning up the resources on ASICs and electricity unnecessarily.
The economic reward goes to whoever the money managers (the stakeholders of the system, meaning people who actually hold BTSX) decide it should go to. In POW, this reward has to go to the ASIC manufactuers and power companies. In DPOS, the stakeholders can control where it goes with the power of their vote. They can donate it to charity, invest in infrastructure, promote their currency, or just give it back to themselves as a dividend. The choice is up to them. If people do not like their choice, they will adopt an alternative clone with stakeholders that decide to use the resources in a smarter way.
@_date: 2014-12-25 13:52:19


Let's say you synchronized your blockchain to the correct chain up to the present time. If you keep the amount of time you are offline short enough (how short is a matter of debate but I think 1 month or less is sufficient), then the economic design of DPOS allows you to feel confident anyone trying to get you on another chain will find it economically disadvantageous to do so. This doesn't require further trusting people. It just requires believing in the game theory. It is similar to PoW in this sense because you assume the design of PoW makes it economically disadvantageous for anyone to try to buy up 51% of hashing power to trick you onto a fake chain. So, this is solving the short-range nothing-at-stake problem, not the long-range nothing-at-stake problem.
One thing to clarify about the above is that even if your internet is compromised for some time, you are only in a period of weaker security during that period where the internet is compromised. But after you reconnect to the real internet, you will be able to get back on the right fork (assuming you weren't isolated for months of course). Also, even during the time your internet is compromised, although there is weaker security, it doesn't mean there is no security. There is still some opportunity cost that *will* have to be paid by your attacker. However, as we discussed earlier, if you wait long enough (whether it is 1 hour or a few hours), PoW can provide better security per cost for this *particular* attack vector (double-spend attacks in an environment of completely compromised internet) than DPOS.
The long-range nothing-at-stake problem is the attack vector where an attacker either buys enough old stake (in order to create a fake blockchain history by voting in their own delegates) or just buys the old delegate's private keys. Keep in mind if they want to buy the old delegate's private keys, they need to buy the keys of a set of delegates (or at least a sufficiently large percentage of them, say 80% to be convincing to their victim) that were in the top 101 ranks all *at the same time* in some point in the blockchain history.


Once again I believe you are confusing two different problems (SRNaS vs LRNaS). Maybe we have different definitions of it and that is the problem? Once the LRNaS problem is solved thanks to checkpoints, it means the only one who can produce blocks and thus potentially trick you are a colluding group of at least a majority of currently elected delegates. So they will be producing a second signature on the real chain. If they are not that means the secret blockchain presented to you is the "real" consensus chain, not the fake one! Everyone else on the "real" internet will see consensus stop and see it as the network being down.
I don't have time right now to go through the rest of your comments and give them the proper attention they deserve. From a quick glance, I don't believe the forked block attacks you mention would work.
But it seems like you have spent some time thinking about this and you care enough to respond. So why don't you carry this discussion over to bitsharestalk.org rather than an obscure deeply nested reddit thread so that more knowledgeable people (like the devs) can address your concerns? After all, if you *truly* believe you have a realistic attack on DPOS, then I am sure we in the BitShares community would all love to know about it and would most likely be willing to pay a bounty (in BTC) for the discovery of a potential serious security issue. Despite what you claim elsewhere, this is not a scamcoin. Everyone in the community truly believes in the technology.
@_date: 2014-09-15 22:30:54
Yeah... that article comes across as a bit too confrontational for my taste. 
But the technology behind BitShares is actually really cool and game-changing. If you are interested (and personally I believe it would be in your best interest for you to at least learn about it), feel free to ask me about it. And if you would like to read more about it yourself, check out 
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:31:03


The code is already open source and has been in development in an incredibly transparent manner.
Have fun. : )
@_date: 2014-09-15 23:06:14
The peg is one the hardest parts of the system to explain. I attempted to do it in this [post]( but I can't say I did it justice. 
The other way of looking at it is that it doesn't matter what the theory is as long as it is actually working in practice. You can check out the BitUSD/USD exchange on [BTER]( and see how it has been tracking over time as the price of BTSX changes. It may be too early to say anything definite though. The spreads are still too large, hopefully market makers providing liquidity will join and narrow the spread in the future.
@_date: 2014-09-18 21:46:28
Each transaction votes (using approval voting) for up to 101 delegate candidates weighted by the stake in that transaction. You can change your vote at any time by sending your money to yourself. As long as the majority of active delegates at any time are honest, you can get your transactions in to change the approval of bad delegates. The idea is that this process will prevent a majority of evil delegates from accumulating.
In the worst case scenario where a majority of active delegates collude or are simultaneously compromised in some way, and they decide to reject any transactions that vote them out, the stakeholders of the system need to resort to a hard fork. The stakeholders can still use their voting power to reach a consensus that a particular fork (with certain delegates replaced) is the one to continue on. The initial suggestion of which delegates to replace can be facilitated through outside social consensus mechanisms (for example developers and lead figures in the community all publishing the same link that uses URI scheme to communicate the fork parameters to the users' clients).  The hope is that this option will never be necessary because its very existence as an option makes it futile for an attacker to do this (they only temporarily disrupt the network, they don't permanently kill it, and at the opportunity cost of losing future delegate income). 
@_date: 2014-09-16 21:05:41
What is "proper" distribution? What is "justified" or "fair" distribution? Please define this for me. The price would not suddenly boost to astronomical prices. There would be a slow steady average rise as more and more people believe in the future of the system (as is currently happening). Creating new coins is not necessary to distribute the stake in the system to many hands.
The concept behind providing the inflated funds to particular organizations is that the stakeholders of the system decide how much to inflate and who to pay it to through voting with their stake. Keep in mind they do not have to do so, but another competitor altcoin may decide to do it and become more successful than them because they funded development and marketing. 


That is not necessary to give the coins value. What gives the coins value is that they are scarce (meaning you cannot create as much as you want for free) and they can be transferred to others.
@_date: 2014-08-23 00:40:09
Yes, that's why I hope these companies make multisig as user friendly and idiot proof as possible. It is still early days.


But the whole point of a properly set up 2-of-3 multisig is that it provides you with at least the same amount of security against hackers as Coinbase currently does, and all without having to trust Coinbase with control over your coins.


I really think that is misguided. At least your fiat in a traditional bank is FDIC-insured up to a reasonable limit. If it turns out that Coinbase's security isn't up to par, they might become insolvent and you'll end up goxxed. I guess if you only keep a small amount of coins on there then the risk isn't too great. But if you use 2-of-3 multisig you can eliminate those risks. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 23:46:37
The market finds the balance through the voters demanding the delegates lower the fees they collect. They either demand they use it for productive purposes (for example send the money to a development fund) or they burn it as a dividend back to the stakeholders. The end result is that the delegate's profit margins will most likely approach near zero (just like miners), but hopefully not too low because the profit is needed as an opportunity cost incentive to keep them from misbehaving. The difference between DPOS and POW systems, is that the overall cost to the network (whether it is through the transaction fees or inflation tax) will be much lower for DPOS.
@_date: 2014-08-15 10:44:13






It is too simplistic and wrong to say that POS is using "coin ownership to validate coin ownership." POS is using coin ownership at time t1 to somehow reach a consensus on a set of transactions included in the shared public ledger. Those transactions are what then validate coin ownership at time t2 &gt; t1. The structure is not circular; it is a sequence or a list (a blockchain). There is no logical flaw.
What about another flaw? What about the so-called Nothing-at-Stake attacks? 
First of all, current coin holders certainly have a stake in their coins. The coins aren't worthless. An attacker could always buy up 51% of the coins in a POS system and completely take it over, but so what? That would be really expensive and besides, all consensus systems suffer from some kind of 51% attack. In Bitcoin, the 51% attack involves buying up 51% of the hashing power, and with that the attacker can take over the Bitcoin network. At least in POS systems, the stakeholders who are not the attacker could always hard fork, purge the attacker's balance, and resume. You can't do that in Bitcoin.
What about some of the live parallel blockchain attacks that some naive POS systems suffer from (covered by Vitalik in  A well designed POS system makes sure that attackers (or opportunists) who try to produce parallel blockchains are appropriately punished. I highly recommend that people study the [DPOS]( consensus system used in BitShares. In DPOS, the block producers (delegates) are known prior to them producing any blocks, and if they ever double sign a block, they will be immediately fired. In this case, the delegates have their well-paying job at stake.
Finally, I have to address the long-range Nothing-at-Stake concerns. The concern here is that an attacker doesn't buy up 51% of the current stake but rather 51% of the stake in the past (which he can presumably acquire for a much lower cost since the private keys to that old stake may no longer give access to any live funds). Acquiring enough of this stake is still very hard to do, and it takes a long time. It would almost certainly take enough time that the clients used by users of the POS system would have already been updated with a recent checkpoint that makes the entire attack impossible.


I don't understand why you think checkpoints are a problem? Are you afraid that they put centralized control into the hands of the developer? I have to ask: when you download your favorite Bitcoin client, do you make sure that the hash of the executable is the same as the one in the PGP signed statements by the people on your list of trusted Bitcoin auditors? Or better yet, do you audit the source code yourself and then compile it? Or do you just download the client from the website and run it? My point is you are already trusting other people to provide you with the hopefully uncompromised thing that will connect you to the same network and blockchain everyone else is connected to.
What if a Bitcoin client developer were to try to sneak something malicious into their client? For example, something that allowed the developer to do a double-spend attack on anyone by faking transactions to the victim's client anytime he wanted. How would *you* find out about it? Probably from reddit. There would be an attention grabbing post explaining that such-and-such client is compromised and to switch to one of these other clients instead. You would be relying on your social web of trust to come to a consensus about what client to use to *securely* connect to the *legitimate* Bitcoin network. 
Similarly, auditors could always check if an upgrade to a POS client used a checkpoint to a block that was not one of the blocks in their local copy of the blockchain. In that case, the client developer is clearly doing something malicious, and the auditors can sound the alarms to warn users not to trust the new upgrade. These checks and balances force developers to only use legitimate checkpoints. They have no realistic power to manipulate the public into accepting a fake blockchain simply by changing a checkpoint in the client.
@_date: 2015-01-07 07:51:44
I think BitAssets getting yield from transaction fees (while true but with some caveats) actually confuses the issue. Those fees are pretty small compared to the main source of the yield on BitAssets which is the interest paid by the shorts.
Also, the market peg holds even without any yield on the BitAssets. You will have to study the market mechanisms like price feeds, shorting, margin calls, to fully understand how it all works.
But let me add some clarify on your question on who pays for what. 
If you are shorting BitUSD you need to lock up some amount of BTS as collateral for some time. You will likely have to *pay* interest for this privilege (the interest rate is market determined as the shorts compete with each other to get priority in the order book). This is because you are getting leverage. You are buying more BTS with BitUSD that you do not currently own, with the hope that the price of BTS will later go up relative to USD so that at that later time you can buy enough BitUSD to cover what you owe the network. If your price speculation was correct, you profit; otherwise, you lose money.
If you are going long on BitUSD, you simply trade some amount of BTS for BitUSD (which may be shorted into existence or may be an already existing BitUSD that is simply being sold) on the decentralized exchange. The market mechanics guarantee (barring certain black swan events) that you can trade 1 BitUSD for $1 worth (according to the always updating price feed) of BTS within a period of time of at most 30 days. In practice, you can carry out the trade for very close to $1 worth of BTS at any time.
You also get to collect yield on the BitUSD (and in fact all other BitAssets such as BitEUR, BitGold, etc.) as an added bonus. This yield is paid for through multiple sources but the most significant source is probably the interest that the shorts pay. All of that money collected from the interest paid by those shorting BitUSD is pooled together and paid out to the fungible BitUSD (and likewise respectively for the other BitAssets).
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:40:41


That is my point. Which is why mining is not some great method of distributing coins. Coins can be distributed to more hands as more people obtain them through trade (whether it is trading their earned fiat for the coins on an exchange, or trading their goods/services for the coins).


Again, this was an example of how it *could* have been done if POW never existed. I am not saying it was the best solution. Now that POW exists, it is the smartest way of doing online anonymous IPOs for new coins. But once one of these new coins that do not use POW become popular, there is no longer a need for the POW coin. It was only necessary to *bootstrap* the system.
Also, through the well publicized IPO method, the people wouldn't have just been given free coins. They traded their earned money for it. And anyone who was aware of cryptocurrency at the time could have participated. If they did not, they have no one else to either blame or thank for that decision (depending on the success of the coin). And yes, people who got in early into a later successful coin are going to greatly profit; that was/is true of BTC and it is true for early adopters of every successful business. They are the ones who took the risk of putting money into an unproven risky system which made the system possible in the first place, therefore they deserve the reward if it succeeds.


This has nothing to do with the minting of new coins. It has everything to do with the increased popularity and adoption of Bitcoin. Get rid of the coinbase but still keep the blockchain secure, and the process of obtaining BTC will still become harder (more expensive) as Bitcoin's popularity grows. 
 
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:44:36
Not hard to find someone to trade $1 for 1 BitUSD when the blockchain ensures the value with the appropriate amount of BTS. If the value of BTS goes down, the blockchain can ensure I get more BTS for my BitUSD. If the value of BTS goes up, I can expect to get less BTS for my BitUSD. Think of it as me holding a variable amount of BTS where the amount always fluctuates to keep the same dollar value.
I don't ever have to hit counterparty risk. While my assets are on the blockchain, there is no counterparty to screw me out of my value. I suppose the only counterparty risk I am exposed to is when I decide to trade the BTS for USD (or BTC or whatever) on a centralized exchange to get my money out. But there are solutions to that as well. I can use a localbitcoin-like setup to find someone who is willing to trade $1 in person for 1 BitUSD. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 11:50:22
Let's go through an example in detail.
For this example I will assume the current price of 1 BTS is approximately $0.10 for simplicity. This means the median price feed for BitUSD is going to be around 10 BTS.
Let's say I think the price of BTS (relative to the US dollar) is going to go up sometime in the next thirty days. More specifically, I believe there is a good chance that the price will shoot up to around $0.15 sometime in the next two weeks. Let's say I currently have 800 BTS (worth approximately $80). If the price of BTS does go up to what I think it will I will still have 800 BTS but it will be then worth $120.
But I want more than that. I want to make more BTS by speculating on the price of BTS/USD. So, I decide to short the US dollar by shorting BitUSD on the BitShares exchange. I have to put in a short sell order. I decide to use only 400 BTS of my current holdings as I may need the remaining 400 BTS to later cover my short. Because BitShares enforces an initial collateral level of 300% (200% from the short seller and 100% from the long), I can only short sell 200 BTS worth of BitUSD. 
I need to also choose the price limit at which I want to short sell. No matter what price limit I choose (and I can choose no limit if I want), I will always be limited by the feed price. So because I don't think the price will shoot up beyond $0.15 it obviously makes no sense for my price limit to be less than 6.67 BTS/BitUSD (1/0.15  6.67). Let's say the lowest price I am comfortable getting my short sell order matched at is 8 BTS/BitUSD, and that is the limit I choose. Keep in mind, because the price feed is currently at 10 BTS/BitUSD, my short sell order is limited at that price and not the 8 BTS/BitUSD limit I put. However, if the price of BTS were to go up (relative to USD), then it is possible the price feed may drop to 7 BTS/BitUSD, in which case my short sell order would instead be limited by my specified 8 BTS/BitUSD price (and honestly, in practice, most likely it means that my order is not going to get matched because there always seem to be people willing to short sell at the price feed).
I also need to choose an interest rate. I could choose 0%, but looking at the order book I already see there are people with orders at 5% APR. Because we are all going to be limited by the price feed, there will be a huge sell wall at that price. The way BitShares decides whose order to match first (given orders that are all selling at the same price) is by choosing the short order that is offering the highest interest. So, because I am really eager to get my short sell order matched, I decide to offer 5.2% APR interest.
So, when I submit my short sell order 400 BTS (+ 0.1 BTS for the order fee) of my 800 BTS is taken away from my wallet and a new short sell order appears with the following parameters: selling 200 BTS worth of BitUSD, offering 5.2% APR interest, price limit at 8 BTS/BitUSD. I can cancel this order at any time before it is matched, and I will get back my full 400 BTS. At a price feed of 10 BTS/BitUSD, my short sell order will appear as a BitUSD sell order at a price of 10 BTS/BitUSD for a quantity of 20 BitUSD. 
Now, let's say at this point you submit a bid order to buy 20 BitUSD at the price of 10 BTS/BitUSD using BTS. BitShares will match your order with mine (assuming there were no other BitUSD sellers at a price lower than 10 BTS/BitUSD and I was offering the highest interest rate) and do the following:
1. Takes the full 200 BTS you allocated in your bid order away from you.
2. Takes the full 400 BTS I allocated in my short sell order away from me.
3. Creates a brand new 20 BitUSD on the blockchain.
4. Gives this 20 BitUSD to you.
5. Creates a short position that has 600 BTS (200 BTS from you + 400 BTS from me) locked in it as collateral and a note that says this short position owes the network 20 BitUSD with a 5.2% APR interest rate with starting date of [whatever is the timestamp of the block in which these orders were matched in].
I own this short position (and I can't transfer it to anyone else), but I cannot get access to the 600 BTS collateral inside of it until I first cover the debt. I'm not going to do that immediately however because that would make no sense. Instead, I am going to wait until the price of BTS changes (hopefully in my favor). 
Let's say I wait one week and the price of BTS has gone up to $0.13. I decide now is to time to cover my short position and realize my gains. I use my remaining 399.9 BTS to buy enough BitUSD to cover my short position. It has been 1 week, so with a 5.2% APR, I only have to pay 0.1% on top of my principal. Therefore the amount of BitUSD I need is 20 BitUSD * (1 + 0.001) = 20.02 BitUSD. I put in an order to purchase 20.02 BitUSD at a price of 7.5 BTS/BitUSD and it gets immediately matched, costing me 150.15 BTS plus an additional 0.1 BTS for the order fee. This leaves me 249.65 BTS and 20.02 BitUSD. I then cover the short with another transaction (spending the entire 20.02 BitUSD I just received to cover the short + another 0.1 BTS fee) and I finally get the 600 BTS that was held in collateral. When I cover the short, 20 BitUSD of the 20.02 BitUSD I used to cover is destroyed (this satisfies the 20 BitUSD liability that the network had), and the 0.02 BitUSD which is the interest portion of the short is just profit for the blockchain. The blockchain pools up this revenue source for each BitAsset and distributes them to the respective BitAsset holders as a yield.
So at the end of this entire process I am left with 849.55 BTS (worth approximately $110.44 at a price of $0.13/BTS), which is 49.55 BTS more than what I started with. Had I not done the short, I would have still had 800 BTS which at the new higher price would only be worth $104. I made an additional $6 from this process despite the fact that I was paying 5.2% APR interest rate on my loan. 
Of course, I could have also bet wrong. The price of BTS might have gone down after my short got matched. If it went down by half, BitShares would have done a margin call on my short. It would have used approximately 400 BTS from the 600 BTS collateral to purchase the necessary amount of BitUSD to cover the debt at the margin call 20 BTS/BitUSD price. The remaining 200 BTS would be taxed at a 5% fee leaving me only with 190 BTS. That means I would have been left with 589.9 BTS at the end, which is 210.1 BTS less than what I started with. Also, even if the price of BTS did not go down low enough to trigger a margin call, I would still be forced to cover (potentially at a loss) within 30 days. If I did not, BitShares would automatically do it for me at the end of the 30 day period similar to the margin call (although no 5% fee would be imposed). 
@_date: 2015-01-08 22:22:03
PoS systems give up some objectivity in the consensus process compared to PoW for economic efficiency. But that doesn't mean checkpoints are centralized. There is a social consensus process that ensures that any conspiracy for devs to sneak in a checkpoint (which are many blocks in the past) will easily be detected by comparing to the blockchain history stored locally and if it is in fact invalid the alarm bells would be rung. It is simply unrealistic to think a small group of people can get away with forking everyone's blockchain to their own custom chain through checkpoints without getting caught.
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:35:22
The assets backing the value of BitUSD are not dollars but BTS (the main cryptotoken of the BitShares blockchain).
A user shouldn't care about whether the actual physical underlying asset is backing their cryptoderivative. They only care if they can trade that cryptoderivative for its nominal value in the future. 
So if I have 1 BitUSD, I can be confident that the blockchain will ensure I can currently trade it for approximately 90 BTS, which I can then immediately trade for approximately $1. 
If the price of BTS goes down by 30% in a few weeks, I can be confident that I can then trade my 1 BitUSD for approximately 130 BTS, which I can then immediately trade for approximately $1, again. 
Or I can cut out the intermediate asset and just find someone to trade $1 for 1 BitUSD directly.
@_date: 2015-01-05 11:14:04
Actually it already [exists](
I should mention that other decentralized asset exchanges exist too (e.g. NXT, Ripple), but they all seem to require trading IOUs only, which exposes the trader to counterparty risk while their funds sit in the order book. The solution to this are cryptoderivatives (in BitShares these are called BitAssets) that are collateralized by the blockchain's main cryptotoken. IOUs of course still serve an important role in getting money in and out of the decentralized exchange via gateways, but the user's counterparty risk in that case only lasts as long as it takes to transfer the funds to/from the cryptoderivative. 
@_date: 2015-01-24 09:30:12


Threshold signatures are cool. Unfortunately they wouldn't help in this case because of the [t' = 2*t - 1]( required (for ECDSA-compatible threshold signatures anyway) participants to create a signature where t is the number of participants that could derive the private key if they colluded together. So the natural idea would be to give party 1 (aka party A) 999 shares and only give 1 share each to the remaining 999 parties, then require a 1000-of-1998 threshold signature scheme. Unfortunately this won't work since t = 1000, so t' = 2*t - 1 = 1999 which is not less than or equal to n = 1998. But even if n was 1999 (for example add a party 1001 with a single share which would mean parties 2 to 1001 could collude together to get the private key without participation from party 1), it still wouldn't be a good solution because it would require all 1001 parties to work together to generate the signature.
That annoying limitation wouldn't exist if Bitcoin used [Schnorr signatures]( Unfortunately, we are stuck with ECDSA. So the best way for the OP to implement what he wants given the current limitations of Bitcoin (ECDSA, checkmultisig limits, limits on script size, etc.) is to just do what said: create a 2-of-2 multisig where one of the private keys is held by party 1 (the master key) and the other private key is shared among parties 2 to 1000. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 08:09:24
Tether and BitReserve are similar in that they both offer IOUs that are backed with reserves held by the respective companies. As long as the companies maintain those reserves and make them available in exchange for the IOUs, you can be confident that your IOU has the value of $1. If they lose the reserves, get hacked, have it seized by the government, then  those IOUs become worthless.
BitUSD is different from the other two in that it is an "IOU" from the blockchain itself. The blockchain has some amount of its own cryptotokens (BTS) stored as collateral backing its debt to the BitUSD holders. The BitUSD holder can be confident that they can receive a dollars worth of BTS from these reserves within a reasonable amount of time whenever they want. Since the collateral is on the decentralized blockchain and controlled by the network itself, it cannot be hacked or seized by governments, and their usage *must* follow the rules implemented in code.
@_date: 2015-01-16 14:52:07
The other two repliers pretty much covered it but I'll add some additional information.
Yes, the market peg currently depends on price feeds which are ultimately derived from centralized exchanges. But:
1. The delegates providing the price feed can calculate the price feed in a sensible way to prevent exchanges with small volume from distorting the price feed, and can exclude any bad exchanges that have been known to manipulate prices before.
2. Delegates providing price feeds isn't a serious centralization risk because the median price of at least 50 delegate submitted prices is taken, the delegates can be replaced at any time by the decentralized stakeholders of BTS, and the current active delegates are incentivized to provide accurate feeds as I explained [here](
So all of that means that BitUSD holding the value of one dollar can work with an appropriate amount of decentralization to prevent manipulation and corruption. And it certainly is not comparable to the actually centralized solutions with lots of counterparty risk such as Tether or BitReserve.
As for the undercollateralization issue that you bring up. It is a valid point. That is a "collateral risk" that is well acknowledged in the [explanation]( of BitAssets by the BitShares community. But if you read that blog post you should see why it is not a serious risk to breaking the BitUSD peg (because of 300% initial collateralization and forced margin calls by the network when the backing collateral value hits the 150% reserve limit).
@_date: 2015-01-16 08:45:33


It's actually more of a competitor to BitReserve than BitShares. People who want to hold BitUSD don't want to be exposed to counterparty risk, but if you are holding these Tether tokens, or BitReserve's "cards", you are exposed to counterparty risk due to the actions and circumstances of Bitfinex or BitReserve respectively. 
I also don't think of this as a competitor to Ripple either because the Bitcoin blockchain doesn't have a decentralized exchange built-in (and unfortunately it would be incredibly difficult to get consensus to hard fork Bitcoin to build in a proper exchange into it).
@_date: 2015-01-05 18:53:47
So there is the way you would have to do it today, and there is the way you will eventually be able to do it when the proper infrastructure is in place. Warning, this is a bit long.
1. You find someone who has BitBTC on the BitShares exchange and trade your BTC with them. BitBTC is shorted into existence. For example, someone could put up some of their BTS as collateral to place a short sell order on the decentralized exchange. Then I might use some of my BTS to put a BitBTC buy order on the exchange. If these orders are matched, new BitBTC is created into existence and sent to me and the other party's BTS along with mine is locked as collateral in a short position to cover the BitBTC debt owed by the network. If you want to see this process in action, check out this great [video](
2. Now I have my BitBTC so I am exposed to the price of BTC. But let's say I really want to hold real BTC instead. I find you, someone who wants to trade BTC for BitBTC, on something like localbitcoins or even over the internet, and we do a cross-chain trade. Even better we can do an atomic cross-chain trade of BitBTC for BTC (although this feature is supported on the BitShares blockchain, it has yet to be enabled in a user-friendly way in the most recent version of the wallet). Keep in mind that this trade is far more convenient than trading BTC for USD directly, because you do not need to match price, quantity, and location, you only need to match quantity and location, and the exchange will occur at a 1-to-1 (or very close to that) ratio between BitBTC and BTC. This makes finding the other party to trade with so much easier and less costly.
3. Now, you have BitBTC but you want to move into fiat (say USD). This is going to require another trade with someone who has USD, but once again you will first trade your BitBTC for BitUSD (shorted into existence in a similar way as BitBTC). This way you can make the trade using the convenient decentralized exchange where the liquidity is high and you can get a great price. After you make that trade you are exposed to the price of USD. At this point, you may decide you don't even want to convert into USD fully. Holding BitUSD on the BitShares exchange is similar to holding USD in a bank, except there is no centralized bank that could potentially confiscate your wealth and the interest currently earned on your savings is much higher than what any bank provides. Eventually you can even spend the BitUSD directly on goods/services. For example, I recently purchased the "BitShares 101" book with 0.99 BitUSD from [this website]( But let's say you eventually want to convert it into USD.
4. To convert BitUSD into USD you repeat a process similar to the conversion of BTC into BitBTC. You find someone who has USD who wants BitUSD, send them the BitUSD and collect the USD from them. Once again, you do not need to match price, quantity, and location, just quantity and location.
1. Find a crypto gateway that issues IOUs of bitcoin (GATEBTC) on the BitShares exchange. Send your BTC to their address from an address you own the private keys to. The gateway will automatically issue the corresponding amount of GATEBTC on BitShares and send it to a balance that you can control. You can then create an account if you haven't already on BitShares, import your BTC private key, and you can control the GATEBTC transferred to you by the gateway.
2. Trade GATEBTC for BitBTC on the decentralized exchange. As soon as this trade is done, you are exposed to the price of BTC without being exposed to the counterparty risk of the crypto gateway (for example imagine they lose the BTC reserves that allow people to withdraw the BTC using their GATEBTC).
3. Trade BitBTC for BitUSD on the decentralized exchange in the highly liquid BitBTC/BitUSD market. Once you have BitUSD you are exposed to the price of the US dollar and you can securely earn interest on your dollars. While you are holding BitUSD you are not exposed to any counterparty risk or risk of some centralized entity taking your wealth or imposing negative interest rates. You could even use the BitUSD to pay for goods/services sort of like a decentralized BitPay (the merchants get the price stability they want so they don't need to immediately sell it as soon as they receive it).
4. Trade BitUSD for CoinbaseUSD on the decentralized exchange. In this hypothetical scenario I assume a company like Coinbase sets up a USD gateway on BitShares. Once you have CoinbaseUSD (an IOU from Coinbase for 1 USD dollar) you are exposed to counterparty risk with respect to Coinbase. If the government seizes their USD reserves, they will be insolvent and unable to back the value of the CoinbaseUSD.
5. Claim your USD by sending the CoinbaseUSD to the special Coinbase account, which will then cause Coinbase to deposit the appropriate amount of USD into your linked bank account.
It still seems like a lot of steps but the steps are much easier and faster.
Also, thanks to the price stability, it becomes easier to find closed loops in the economy (get paid in BitUSD, securely hold BitUSD without the fear of extreme volatility taking away your purchasing power, and later spend the BitUSD for goods/services), so that it eventually becomes unnecessary to even go through the above steps.
@_date: 2015-01-16 15:42:53
What I described are BitAssets which are implemented on the BitShares blockchain. You can read more about how BitAssets work [here](
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:54:22
But isn't that relying on altruism for security? If the miner has a large stake of BTC, they might be economically motivated to not attack the network, but the same can be said for a PoS system. In fact with a (non-delegated) PoS system that is even more true since you need to have large stake in the system to produce blocks in the first place.
But the miner may not have any stake in BTC (they could sell all of their BTC for fiat as they mine it). In that case, they are only economically motivated to not attack the network (or rather not allow the network to come under attack) because they want job security. They want to make sure there still is a valuable network on which they can mine. But the same can be said for the delegates in DPOS. They are earning good money producing blocks and they do not want to ruin the network because then they would be out of a job.
So despite miners voluntary leaving THE largest mining pool to one of the other large mining pools, I don't think the vast majority of miners are altruistic enough to refuse to participate in the top 10 largest mining pools for the sake of decentralization. And the market has shown this. The fact remains that PoW will likely remain centralized to less than 10 mining pools, while DPOS will always have 101 delegates each with slightly less than 1% of the block producing power.
@_date: 2015-01-07 08:20:31
Good question. 
It is safe to assume that their agenda is profit. The only reason BTS has any value is because it supports this decentralized exchange and the BitAssets. The only reason BitAssets have value is because of the market peg.
It is in the best interest of the BTS stakeholders to make sure the BitAsset system continues to work. This means the price feeds should be accurate and updated frequently. The BitShares delegates (you might have to read up on the DPOS consensus system a bit more) are currently responsible for updating the BitAsset prices. The price feed is determined by the median of the list of recent prices submitted by at least 50 delegates, so price manipulations by a few delegates is not easy. These delegates are ultimately held accountable by the BTS stakeholders because they are put in this position of responsibility (for which they are rewarded through block rewards) through the approval voting by BTS stakeholders directly on the blockchain. Any delegates that attempt to manipulate the price (which is transparent for all to see since it is all on the blockchain) will be removed from their privileged position by being voted out.
The reason the BTS stakeholders are incentivized to provide this check is the same reason that the shareholders of a corporation would replace their board of directors if they were doing a bad job: because they want to make money. The benefit of the blockchain over a traditional corporation is that all of this information is incredibly transparent and easily accessible in real time.
@_date: 2015-01-08 22:01:39


Actually DPOS is different than other PoS. With DPOS, you don't need to keep your funds pooled up to mint/mine/produce blocks. You delegate your stake to delegates by voting however you wish on the blockchain. The delegates ranked in the top 101 by the accumulated stake power delegated to them are then allowed to produce blocks. You can spend and transfer your stake as you wish. When you transfer it to a new owner, they then have the ability to change the votes as they wish.
@_date: 2015-01-16 02:17:49
Bingo. BitReserve's model has no intention of eliminating counterparty risk.
If you want to eliminate counterparty risk you need to use a blockchain designed to enable cryptoderivatives that are pegged to assets such as fiat and backed in value by collateral that is managed directly by the blockchain.
This technology already exists today by the way. I'll avoid naming it to not seem like a shill, but if you really want to know, just ask and I will tell you what it is.
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:02:27
The hard fork nodes don't need to mine at all. They would simply follow along with the original PoW protocol until block N and then switch over to the new one after block N. At that point you still have miners mining on the old chain, but they become irrelevant.
Technically, as jtooker [already explained]( it is more like the original BTC chain keeps going until no one is interested in it anymore (and it loses all value), but at a block N a new altcoin is born that also has the name BTC. 
For this to carry any weight however you need a super majority of BTC holders to agree with the change beforehand, and all exchanges to upgrade to the hard fork client prior to block N. Getting all BTC holders to agree to such a huge change in the very definition of bitcoin is the hard part, which is why it will most likely never happen for BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:55:36
Okay. Want to know who the counterparty is in the case of BitShares?
The blockchain itself.
A BitUSD holder is entering a smart (non-legally-binding) "contract" with the blockchain. A BitUSD short seller is also simultaneously entering a "contract" with the blockchain.
The good thing about having the blockchain as your counterparty in a contract is that the risk is low because you don't need to worry about the blockchain running away with the assets or choosing to not follow through with the agreement specified in the smart contract.
When the blockchain is the counterparty, it is no longer fair to call it "counterparty risk". The proper term in this case would be "systemic risk". Meaning there is a risk that the blockchain's assets (the BTS collateral held in short positions) may become valued less than the blockchain's liabilities (the outstanding BitAssets). Fortunately, because of 300% initial collateralization and forced margin calls, this risk is incredibly low.
@_date: 2014-08-22 05:27:13
Yes, that is the issue with these kinds of systems. It requires the honest victim to be principled enough to not give in to the extortion of the dishonest actor. Basically, it's a game of chicken and the most stubborn actor will win. The good news is that a scammer will be bled dry pretty quickly if most people are willing to risk sacrificing their money for the principle of stopping scammers, at which point the scammer may be willing to give up the scams to at least get some of his money back. The bad news is that there is a free rider problem with that. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:15:47


I understand how POW secures the blockchain. I am not arguing it does not. I am arguing that DPOS provides better security for lower cost, therefore it is rational to switch to that instead of continuing to use POW. Once you do that, you will realize the wealth redistribution is not necessary to secure the network. You can still do it of course if you really wanted to for some reason.


That is not a reason why POS wouldn't secure a blockchain. That is an economic policy that you do not like for whatever reason. A POS system does not need to implement such an economic policy. In fact, DPOS does not reward block producers with a reward proportional to their stake (unlike other POS systems you might be familiar with). The delegates don't need stake to produce blocks, they just need to get elected by the stakeholders and do their job, and they will be paid by the network for doing that job. 
@_date: 2015-01-31 09:03:50
You got it more or less correct, but I need to make an important correction:


Median not average (mean). If a few of the delegates misbehave and submit radically different price feeds they can significantly change the mean but not the median. Choosing the median price feed means that the feed will be very close to accurate unless more than 50% of the delegates collude to provide fake price feeds. Of course, they have no economic incentive to do that in the first place since they will get voted out of their salary-paying job as a block-producing delegate.
@_date: 2015-01-17 11:40:46
1) Pay people a reasonable amount of money for their old private keys that used to hold bitcoins in the past but no longer do.
2) Collect all these private keys and go back in time with them.
3) Steal the bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-09-19 00:13:25
Alright, dude. I'm afraid I'm figuratively running low on batteries and am exhausted from reddit for the day. I'm going to go relax and do some other stuff. I'll try to come back to answer the rest of your questions, but I recommend you post these questions on [bitsharestalk.org]( so that other knowledgeable people in the community can also answer.
@_date: 2015-02-06 01:32:49
The catch is that because the BitAssets are backed by BTS and not the underlying asset, if the price of BTS (in terms of the underlying asset) drops *too fast* (I'm talking about something like a more than 50% drop in less than a few hours, which is unprecedented even in volatile cryptoland) then those BitAssets could become undercollateralized. We call this a black swan event and you can learn more about it and how BitShares resolves the issue [here](
Regarding the "catch" with Nothing-at-Stake:
First Nothing-at-Stake is an [overblown issue]( Nothing-at-Stake claims that anyone can produce a block at virtually no cost and therefore a user cannot know what the true consensus chain is. So let's clarify that definition.
In DPOS, *anyone* can't produce blocks. Only individuals (called delegates) who have been legitimately voted in by the stakeholders can produce blocks. If these delegates are active in the present time, they do have something at stake (their jobs that reward them with BTS). They are not allowed to double sign blocks and if they do, that cryptographic proof will be spread and stakeholders will vote them out.
But Nothing-at-Stake claims that old delegates could also produce blocks (and these old delegates who are not currently active would have no job to lose) and also old stake (say an attacker purchased previous stakeholders' old private keys for very cheap since they no longer give access to any funds) can create a fake blockchain from some fork point in the past where they vote in fake delegates and continue the fake blockchain from there.
The important thing to note about these attacks (called long-range Nothing-at-Stake attacks, or LRNaS) is that the fork point occurs in the distant past (certainly older than the chain reorganization limit, which in BitShares I believe is 16*101 blocks or roughly 4 hours). Therefore, the only users who could be confused by this fake blockchain are those who have been offline since before the fork point and are now trying to resync. The appropriate thing for the client to do in this situation is to recognize it cannot resolve which of these chains is the correct one and ask for manual intervention (requires the user to input a trusted checkpoint into the client obtained via their social network of trust).
If this fallback to a social network of trust for resolving consensus was easy to initiate, then the entire system would be worthless (the blockchain would be under constant DOS attacks). The point of blockchain technology is for consensus to be maintained automatically to save users the trouble of achieving consensus the old-fashioned way. The good news is that pulling off a LRNaS attack is not trivial. It takes time to purchase all those old private keys, or to coordinate with all 101 retired delegates that were active at the same point in the blockchain history and convince them to all collude against stakeholder interests (even though their real identity might be known). 
This means the fork point for LRNaS attacks will realistically be many blocks older than than the present head block. As long as clients sync frequently enough that they do not get stuck on such a fork, automated consensus can be maintained. I would argue that it is unrealistic to assume that the fork point for a LRNaS attack can be any more recent than 3 months in the past. Syncing once every three months is not a huge demand on the user.
What about if someone has been offline for longer than that point or is syncing from genesis? Well there may still not be any fake blockchain attacks, and so syncing can continue as normal. If there is such an attack, the client can recognize this since we assume that information is difficult to censor on the p2p network (I am assuming the internet connection isn't completely compromised) and warn the user that they are stuck and need a trusted checkpoint to continue. Often times that trusted checkpoint will already be included in the client they installed (and this is not a centralization risk because other users with a synced blockchain can audit the code and detect if developers tried to sneak in a false checkpoint) and so the user doesn't have to do any work. But if the trusted checkpoint in the client is too old (e.g. the fork point is 4 months old but the trusted checkpoint in the client is 7 months old), then the user will need to get the trusted checkpoint through other means to continue syncing the blockchain.
Getting this trusted checkpoint again does not require centralized trust. If you poll N people with reputations who are unlikely to collude together to defraud you, and they all give you the same block hash for some specific recent block, then you can be very confident that is the truth.
So at the end of all this we have given up strong objective consensus for weak subjectivity, we are exposed to a higher risk (compared to PoW) of being tricked onto a fake blockchain via LRNaS if the user's internet access is completely compromised and isolated, and there can be *rare* situations where the user is required to fallback on their social network of trust to resolve a fork and continue syncing the blockchain.
So why do we put up with this rather than using PoW? Many reasons. First, the cost of security with PoW is ridiculously high. If Bitcoin used DPOS it could take the nearly $280 million it spends on securing the blockchain and use almost all of it for other productive things like improving code, marketing, or just returning it as dividends to BTC holders. Second, PoW tends to [centralize]( hashing power because of economies of scale, while DPOS does not suffer from such centralization because it allows users to *delegate* stake to delegates using approval voting (which is, by the way, the core reason for why DPOS is actually [more decentralized]( than other PoS system). Third, the consensus model of DPOS allows block intervals to be reduced down to 10 seconds while still allowing users to have very good confidence (in less than 20 seconds) that their transactions will not end up on an orphan block, which makes the network operate very quickly and allows trading on the decentralized exchange to be tolerable to traders.
@_date: 2015-02-04 03:53:45




Not quite. Putting hashes of "original" works in the blockchain (in order to prove authorship or implement some kind of copyright) has some advantages but is still messy and complicated.
Changing a single byte of the PDF of the book still makes it the same book for all intents and purposes (from a copyright perspective) but completely changes the hash.
So if one wanted to prove that they were the original creator of a work, it is not enough to just check that they own the private keys that signed the transaction which submitted the hash of the specific work in question to the blockchain first. You must also make sure no other works were timestamped in the blockchain prior to that transaction that have a different hash but are hashes of content *similar* to the work in question. How you define *similar* depends on how you define whether some content is a *derivative work* of another content. 
@_date: 2015-02-03 08:10:04
Because of how BitAssets are designed it should always be possible to have your BitUSD sell order be matched in the BitUSD/BTS market within at most 30 days (typically much sooner than that) as long as you keep your BitUSD sell order a tiny bit below (in BTS/BitUSD price) the moving price feed. Soon, BitShares will have relative orders so you can say you want your sell order to be 0.001% less than the price feed, and then just set it and forget it (until it gets matched).
The idea is that even if no one wanted to buy your BitUSD using USD in outside centralized exchange at a near 1:1 peg, you can get close to 1 USD worth of BTS within a relative short window of time, and then immediately sell that BTS for USD (or first BTC and then USD) as you get your sell orders matched.
The only remaining concern is how well does the moving price feed track the *actual* price in outside exchanges. For that you can look at these [charts]( You can see that the median feed price does a good job of tracking the actual price of BTS (as determined from outside exchanges) over the past week or so. The deviations are short-lived and nearly always less than 2.5%.
If you want more detailed statistics on the feed price, check out  (as robrigo mentioned). Although, there does seem to be some bugs with that site right now (last update to the data was Feb 1 and for some reason it calculated a negative spread over Jan 22 to Jan 26); I'm looking into it. 
This tool allows you to select any time window you wish and see the distribution of the percent difference between the median feed price on the blockchain and the price reported by coinmarketcap at the same time (+/- 7.5 minutes). I recommend hiding all the plots other than feed price to get a nice picture. For example, over the period from Dec 20 to Jan 20 (over which period BTC dropped from $325/BTC to $210/BTC) the [distribution]( of feed price (relative to CMC price) could be modeled as a normal distribution with a mean of 0.76% and standard deviation of 1.42%. This means by a rough estimate one would have had a [70% probability]( of selling 1 BitUSD for 1 USD (or better) worth of BTS. That can be bumped up to [97%]( if one is willing to sell at up to 2% below the real price.
Note that the above analysis is really rough and most importantly does not consider liquidity (now that you have your *fair* amount of BTS, as determined by the price feed, how much USD can you really get out of it if the BTS/USD market is illiquid) or the exposure to the volatility of BTS as you are trying to sell the BTS for USD. But I suspect that these effects are small and will only get smaller as liquidity improves. Plus, even if currently there was a 5% cut in value of your BitUSD as you try to convert to USD, it is still better than a 35% loss in the value of your cryptocurrency (bitcoin's price dropping from $325/BTC to $210/BTC). 
Finally, because of the mechanics described above, people know they can get roughly 1 USD worth of value if they have 1 BitUSD in a short period of time (&lt;30 days). For that reason, it becomes possible to trade BitUSD for USD directly (or some other asset you prefer more, like BTC) at close to the 1:1 peg. For example, check out the [BTC/BitUSD market on BTER]( It has pretty good liquidity at the moment and the price is tracking the coinmarketcap price of BTC very closely (less than 1% difference).
In conclusion, if one cares about holding *cryptocurrency* that is *relatively price stable* without *counterparty risk*, there is no better option than BitUSD at the moment.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:52:00
If you really think the collateral (BTS) is worthless (meaning worth $0), then why don't you buy 1,000,000 BTS right now, send it to me, and I will send you 1 BTC for it. If it really is worthless, you will make an easy $213 profit.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:46:18
There is no cash. BitAssets are essentially fungible contracts for difference.
Take people trading wheat futures as an example. I might believe that the price of a bushel of wheat in USD is going to go down soon. If I want to profit off of that, I find someone who wants to go long on wheat. I sell a promise to pay "1 bushel of wheat" worth of USD in 30 days to him for $230 (current price for a bushel of wheat). Later if the price drops to $200, instead of using my $200 to buy a bushel of wheat and give it to him to repay my debt, I just give him the $200 which is far more convenient for the both of us. None of us need to actually hold the wheat. However, if the price goes up, then I need to pay more than the $230 I received. In order to provide more confidence that I can actually fulfill my promise, I am forced to put up some of my own money as the margin along with the $230 received as a collateral to back the value of the contract. Also if the price of wheat goes up too high that my collateral is in danger of not backing the obligation, I will be margin called (forced into paying off my debt with the collateral sooner than the 30 days).
BitShares basically takes this concept, makes it fungible (all the longs are fungible and not tied to any particular short position), replaces the wheat with anything that has a well defined price relative to BTS (USD, EUR, CNY, Gold, Silver, BTC, Oil, etc.) and replaces the $ with BTS so that the blockchain can actually have control over the collateral. You can learn more about it [here](
@_date: 2015-02-05 08:01:07
Cool. Any idea how computationally expensive it would be to actually implement the MPC with say 10 non-colluding vote counters and say 100 million ballot submissions?
Given the requirement for plausible deniability of your vote it seems like a good idea despite the possible inefficiency. If you were willing to loosen that requirement you could do it in a much simpler way where you do not need to rely on MPC or non-collusion (other than to generate the initial list of public identities that are allowed to vote in the election, assuming you want to use a one person one vote scheme rather than stake-based voting). Anyone could independently calculate the votes by looking them up in the public blockchain (you would still have voting privacy, assuming you were using something like Tor to actually submit the ballots to the network in order to protect any attackers that may want to associate your vote to your identity via your IP address).
Personally, I don't care if people want to sell their vote at what they think is a fair market price (IMO it is their vote to use as they wish including voting randomly or selling to the highest bidder). I think there are easier ways for rich parties to manipulate election results (propaganda campaigns, ads) rather than directly buying votes which would probably be economically inefficient for them. The only remaining issue is extortion or social pressures. You can design the clients so that you erase your randomly generated private key that let's you verify that your vote was properly counted in the blockchain (and thus later in the actual results). One could then plausibly claim that they "erased their private key after voting even before the election ended" (whether it is true or not), and therefore are "unable to prove that I voted [the way they claim they voted]". Also, hopefully we would be living in a society where asking people to prove how they voted would be a social taboo and if they try to extort you to prove how you voted that would already be illegal. I personally think this is good enough.
But it is nice to know that a solution theoretically exists that can provide much better plausible deniability and privacy properties for online voting at the cost of trusting the vote counters to not all collude together (which seems reasonable) and also possibly larger inefficiency. I can see the value of using a scheme like the one you propose for *very serious* elections, and other simpler ones for less important things.
@_date: 2015-02-06 19:01:14
It isn't backed by "nothing except market faith" any more than people having faith that the market won't dump all the BTC and drive bitcoin's price to zero. 
BitAssets are backed by BTS locked as collateral to support the BitAsset shorted into existence. Initially enough BTS worth 300% of the value of the shorted BitAssets needs to be locked as the collateral backing the short. If the price drops such that the value of the BTS collateral is below 200% of the BitAsset debt owed, the blockchain automatically margin calls the short by selling the BTS held in collateral for the BitAsset debt the short position owes. These incredibly *conservative* limits mean undercollateralization occurring should be an *extremely* rare event; hence why it's called a black swan event. 
The black swan event refers to BTS value dropping a lot in a very short amount of time such that the margin call, which is triggered by the collateralization level falling below 200%, isn't able to sell BTS for the BitAsset fast enough to cover the entire debt before the collateralization level drops below 100%. 
If you actually study the mechanics and economics of the system you should find that it all makes sense. Unfortunately, too many people stop diving in deeper when they see that something is a little bit complicated and instead automatically write it off as flawed or a scam. If you actually want to learn how it works, reading [this]( is a good start.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:21:42
But then you would be exposed to counterparty risk. If for whatever reason Bitreserve loses their reserves, their IOUs become worthless. Also it becomes difficult for Bitreserve to prove to their customers that they have 100% reserves and aren't operating under fractional reserve and gambling with the rest.
On the other hand, anyone can look at the BitShares blockchain to see exactly how much BTS value is backing the BitAssets. For example, right now there is $790,000 of BitUSD in circulation that is backed by [215%]( of that amount worth of BTS. That collateral is locked on the blockchain (enforced by the blockchain) and the blockchain will force margin calls on the shorts as necessary to ensure the collateral level remains acceptably high.
@_date: 2015-02-03 08:35:40


Not true. The supply of BitUSD is restricted by the people who are willing to short it. Take [BitGold]( for example. A lot of people in the BitShares community want to increase their exposure to gold by getting their hands on some BitGold, but they cannot because no one is willing to short it into existence at or close to the price feed at the moment (I guess since it is a crypto bear market still, people are afraid to bet against gold).
Unlike NuBits, there is a hard mechanism in BitShares to prevent the supply of BitUSD from growing larger than the value of the collateral (BTS locked in short positions) backing it. Also, if the value of BTS drops low enough that the short with the lowest collateral ratio (USD value of collateral locked in short position / amount of BitUSD debt owed by short position) falls below a threshold (200%), that short will be automatically margin called by the blockchain and its BTS collateral will be sold for BitUSD (to cover the debt) at up to 10% above the price feed.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:30:54


It *transfers* volatility risk to those who are willing to accept them in exchange for leverage. 
Indeed, BTS is very new, risky, and volatile. Which is why the initial collateral level is set to an incredibly conservative 300%. You would never see that level of collateral in typical futures contracts, but then again cryptocurrency is in no way typical. These conservative limits were chosen so that the BitAssets would remain fully collateralized even in events where the volatility is huge (bigger than the volatility experienced by bitcoin in its entire history).
@_date: 2015-02-03 11:51:41


Maybe, I'm not sure. But that is something BTS holders need to (potentially) worry about, not BitUSD holders. Because of the 300% initial collateral ratio and the 200% margin call limit, BitAssets are *extremely* conservative. It is designed this way to protect BitAssets from undercollateralization even with the incredibly volatile nature of cryptocurrencies like BTS.
Even with the serious price decline in BTS over the last few months (which has been generally following the price decline of BTC in this bear market), all BitAssets have held their value with an average collateral level well above 200% (though some shorts have been margin called).
Regarding the scenario you brought up, it is certainly possible, but I don't know how likely it would be. This is why we have such conservative collateral requirements. My guess is that the price would not drop *fast* enough to cause undercollateralization even as the BitAsset supply winds all the way back down to zero, unless there was some serious issue like a critical security bug discovered in the code that could potentially make the entire system worthless. It is not important how much the price drops but rather how quickly it drops relative to how fast people place their BitAsset sell orders and also relative to how fast the price feed updates. But since it is safe to assume that the price feed will update at least once per hour, it would require a flash crash in the price of BTS (measured in BitAsset/BTS) of more than 50% (and potentially quite a bit more depending on the collateralization level of the least collateralized short of that BitAsset) in less than an hour.
These kinds of black swan events are discussed [here]( along with how BitShares will resolve the issue in case of undercollateralization (forced liquidation of all balances of the undercollateralized BitAsset at a price equal to the ratio between the collateral amount and amount of BitAsset debt owed of the least collateralized short). The idea is that the BitAsset will either do a good job tracking the price of the underlying asset or in the worst case scenario the system will kick you out of the BitAsset and into as much BTS as the system can support without socializing the losses to shorts that maintained enough collateral in their positions or other BTS stakeholders that didn't want to gamble with shorting. 