@_author: arieldeschapell
@_date: 2014-04-29 07:09:12
Great list but I would alter it slightly. 
Buy and sell without the need for a bank account.
International, low fee, and nearly instant secure peer2peer network is open to everyone.
Total control of your money at the tips of your fingers, protected by universally verifiable cryptography. 
Coins are capped at a hard limit of 21 million, protecting your savings from inflation.
Open source by design- everyone can audit Bitcoin via the code and global public ledger of transactions.
Innovative algorithms allow a truly trust-less currency system, a first in history.
Nonstop growth in ingenuity, demand, and potential.
Honestly it totally represents which characteristics you want to nail, but tweaking that formula is probably by far the best. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:27:02
Just because it's hard (or impossible) to quantify doesn't mean the effect is not real. Real economic systems are messy like that, it's why economics isn't considered a hard science. You do correctly postulate however that when price is concerned, Bitcoin will go up if more people are converting from fiat to it than vice verca. There are 3 obvious groups of people who would buy Bitcoin. Consumers, businesses, and investors. The later, such as Wall Street, do not typically take chances until something is more proven and legitimate. 
Large companies like Overstock accepting Bitcoin builds up this legitimacy, and gradually creates more and more confidence in Bitcoin as a vehicle of investment. 
While the benefits of their adoption so far have been questionable, mainstream adoption of Bitcoin will only come when more of that actual mainstream starts adopting it, to be blatantly obvious. Overstock and Tiger direct open the door. It's long term benefits are much higher than any added volume in transactions in the short term. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 06:58:12
Java and Javascript would be the best languages I think. I would tip for a good tutorial series. Perhaps one with the ultimate aim of building your own bare bones wallet, if just so you can get a grasp on all the basic stuff? Really just general knowledge would be best. After that if there are a lot of request for something more specific it would be easy to make more and branch off. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 17:19:27
Excellent article, reminds the cryptocommunity that while the political and economic aspects of Bitcoin are massively appealing to us, it isn't for the greater public. And we need the greater public to accept Bitcoin if we want to see it's more long term promises fulfilled. No offense taken to his call out of one of my own articles, I respect someone who has solid logical objections to anything I write. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 20:54:30
I'm aware of the technicalities with losing coins, and if all private keys are destroyed then yes those coins are totally inaccessible. I was merely commenting on the wording to describe this on a macro scale. Many coins are "lost", but later recovered such as in the case of MtGox, so it isn't without precedent. The problem is it's impossible to differentiate the coins that are permanently misplaced, and those that are not, just from looking at the blockchain. Due to that reason one must assume "lost" coins can be retrieved at any second because we don't know the circumstances surrounding their private keys. This of course probably isn't true for the majority of them, but it's still always *theoretically* possible. The only way to know that it isn't is if you personally witnessed the only copies of the private key destroyed or took certain steps to prove that the coins are forever inaccessible, similar to one way pegging. I do agree that the word "misplaced" probably does the situation more justice. 
As for market capitalization you are correct, but I was referring more to macro economics. Bitcoin does share many commonalities with company shares but at the end of the day those shares cannot truly be lost. A more apt comparison is to the amount of dollars in circulation which is similarly estimated. 
When trying to gauge the state or progress of an economic system, there is no perfect measure. GDP, market capitalization, CPI whatever. They are all flawed and are just rough benchmarks. To that end BTC market capitalization is the best, if not only general indicator we have of the current value in the Bitcoin network. However one can wonder if you should add to this number all the money invested in Bitcoin companies, and mining equipment. Or are should such factors already be theoretically accounted for in the market capitalization? 
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:59:54
I don't think this is as big an issue as people think it is. The industry is still in its infancy believe it or not, just wait until Intel or AMD starts producing ASIC chips. It's very possible every phone or every computer will have one imbedded to secure the network, seeing as they will only get cheaper and more powerful. Even if this is not the case I don't see pools getting any bigger than they are now. Very simply everyone still involved in Bitcoin mining in a meaningful way has a lot invested in it. If Bitcoin were to crash their hardware and savings would all be rendered worthless. They have every incentive not to let mining power centralize too much and risk even the notion that a 51% attack could happen. They have nothing to gain. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 03:04:59
If you think one compliance officer means anything to the bigger picture, you might want to revisit the fundamentals. Bitcoin is still small so it has to play ball with the stupid regulations in place today. As it grows however such regulation will obviously be useless, and abandoned. 
The big picture is still the same, and Bitcoin will never be like fiat. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:56:53
What strings? The entire point about Bitcoin is that it cannot be centrally controlled or manipulated. Everyone plays by Bitcoins rules, the core code is not going to change. Money is money, so I welcome Wall Street to jump in an compete in a fair and unrigged market for once. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:43:18
"Market cap" is obviously not a perfect measure, and there really is no such thing in economics anyway. It is however a good benchmark to measure the growth of Bitcoin and the value of the network relative to other coins and traditional fiat systems. That's all it is.
Also I find the term "destroyed bitcoins" to be somewhat silly. "Lost" is a better word and should be used instead, as technically they're just inaccessible and there's still a chance a lot of them can be recovered somehow. While some will probably never be recovered, it is by no means an irreversible state. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:53:06
What I'm saying is we don't know if even they'll care or not, but the sheer impossibility of keeping compliance on the level of every transaction is absurd. I don't expect this law to exist for long as it is simply unenforceable in any way. The scenario you painted just makes it a strong incentive for regular Bitcoin spenders to *never* report themselves, even for large purchases. If word gets out that they do this to someone, they'll just stop receiving whatever few self reports  are being made period. The IRS is already making it too complicated to want to make anyone comply so no one will. When they see that's the case, and more and more people continue to use Bitcoin without bothering with self reporting, it will become obvious that it's useless and policy will change. They want to start individually hunting down hitting random people via the blockchain who have accumulated lots of unreported transactions (which would be impossibly hard anyway)? Awesome, just force the greater use of things like dark wallet and darkcoin. There is literally no situation where they can keep this up. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 03:31:54
Add to the fact that no pool can get near 51% without all hell breaking loose, let alone maintain a 51% hash rate for any sustained amount of time, *let alone* maintain it long enough to pull off any kind of transaction reversal/double spend. *let alone* sustain it long enough to make such an attack profitable or effective in anyway by double spending an unholy amount of Bitcoin....
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:56:06
The only real and practical solution I've seen all day on this sub, even if it is partial. Will tip code contributors for this. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:40:09
As long as speculation remains a large percentage of daily transactions Bitcoin will remain far too volatile for use by your average Joe. The idea so far has been that if Bitcoin replaced fiat in enough transactions it would become more stable, which would thus encourage it's use in more transactions. However this is all an uphill battle as far as widespread adoption is concerned. But side chains can alter this significantly if future decentralized applications use them to run backed by Bitcoin rather than creating their own medium of exchange like any alt coin. 
A new decentralized economy based on these applications and DOAs, would create a market place where the ONLY currency that can be accepted is Bitcoin. There would be no competition with fiat in that space, and as that economy grows Bitcoin would grow and mature even faster. It's main source of use value could become that "new decentralized web", which would give it the utility to be used in the real world as an item of universal value and thus exchange. This would be much easier than trying to break into the global currency scene as is. 
^^^on iPhone excuse any sloppiness 
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:56:38
He's spot on. I was reading deeply into Austrian Economics and in particular how it concerns monetary theory before I heard of Bitcoin. The first article I read about it was on the blog of an Austrian economist, and from that light it immediately hit me how big this all was. The more I started to delve into Bitcoin specifically the more confident I felt in it, the principles are just so sound. 
It isn't faith, it's pure logic. Bitcoin is a sound money that can't be shut down, and can be transferred all over the world almost instantly without any middle men. I know I'm preaching to the choir here but, that's *fucking insane*. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:08:39
Thanks. When it comes to thinking about cryptocurrencies' impact on society in the abstract, I always base it on the assumption that BTC will become a widespread medium of exchange. I'm thinking in one of my next articles I'll delve into if this is even likely (as opposed to an alt coin), and how widespread adoption may start to occur. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 21:44:29
Just wrote up an article about why this is the case actually. Glad to see CNBC is giving Bitcoin a lot of good coverage. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:27:04
Security and transaction processes is good enough for me, these are ASICs we are talking about. They get to that kind of net power because they are literally designed for that one purpose, it's the whole point. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 03:02:28
So I guess all Bitcoin companies should just be in open rebellion against existing laws instead of playing ball for the time being until it reaches a critical mass. Are any "libertarians" really this short sighted by blind ideology? Bitcoin as a whole is still too small to dictate it's own terms, let alone an individual company like Bitpay. So yes, the smart move for now is figuring out how to comply with regulation while fighting for less every step of the way. It's of little consequence, as Bitcoin allows you not to have to deal with 3rd party institutions if you don't want to. This is the path to greater mainstream adoption, which if it keeps exponentially growing then the government will have the rug pulled out from under it as it looses total control over the money supply. That's worth putting up with a little bit of KYC, in the meantime, even if it is pointless from a regulatory POV. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 06:53:07
Innovation, let alone massive paradigm shifts, and making a profit go hand in hand. Assuming you're smart enough to position yourself appropriately of course. For me watching the massive political upheaval this will cause over the next couple of decades is worth more than anything money can buy. Practically every large modern nation state depends on deficit spending to prop up their over inflated governments, a policy which requires complete and total control over the money supply. The very first block that satoshi mined was the first domino in a very long and expansive line that will bring that all crashing down. Big things have small beginnings. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 05:34:01
This is weird. Just got to St. Pete to visit family for a week and I see this. 
I guess I have to stop by lol. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:00:37
Are people actually pretending that the IRS has the ability, let alone the inclination to run around making sure people are paying capital gains on virtually anonymous transactions for sodas? 
Let me know when that happens. 