@_author: arindale
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:51:24
To the OP,
Considering that Bitcoin is a relatively new concept in Canada (as in only a few years old), there is likely no set precedent as to its use. In theory, the CRA could consider this as "Listed Personal Property (LPP)". 
Definition of Listed Personal Property - LPP are generally
a) Artwork
b) Jewelry
c) Rare books or manuscripts
d) Coins
See:  - not an official source but CRA's draft is crap.
This is not nearly as good as a normal capital loss because:
1) Losses can only be claimed against Capital Gains of other LPP items.
2) You can only carry back losses for 3 years and forward for 7.
In my opinion, bitcoins are not coins as they are not tangible. They only share the name. As a result, they should not be classified as LPP. I would claim any bitcoin losses as normal net capital losses.
Source: I am a Canadian Chartered Accountant.
@_date: 2013-07-07 23:17:49
There are several things wrong this statement. 
1) It's not $32 Trillion in cash. Most of the assets are invested in some form of income producing asset (real estate, stocks, bonds, etc...). 
2) Whenever I hear the phrase "If we could only capture X percent of (giant market)", we would all be millionaires", I tend to laugh. I can't think of any single investment that is large enough to constitute 1% of $32 trillion with the exception of cash. Bitcoin currently constitutes 0.00000001% of the market and until that changes, this argument holds no validity.
3) And I'm not sure how the article's author calculated $15,000, but if you take $32 trillion and divide it by the total number of bitcoins, you do not get a market price of bitcoins. That's not how price is calculated. Price is calculated at the intersection of the supply curve and the demand curve. 
4) The majority of this offshore money is completely legal. It's companies who have utilized transfer pricing laws to their advantage which results in moving income from high tax jurisdictions like the US to low tax jurisdictions like Ireland, Luxembourg, the Caymans, etc... I doubt that shareholders of these companies will want an investment in bitcoin. If they do, they can buy bitcoin themselves.
@_date: 2013-05-02 13:19:37
From my perspective as a bitcoin newbit but financial professional, this Forbes article has a valid viewpoint. 
The Bank Secrecy Act (1970) defines the phrase "Financial Institutions", which includes "Money Services Business". Bitcoin miners provide a notable service to the bitcoin economy which I believe qualifies as a money service businesses - they maintain the giant ledger of transactions. I concede that this is arguable.
All Financial Institutions need to provide accurate documentation to the IRS, and have specific anti-money-laundering procedures in place.
I'm just providing the devil's advocate perspective. Not something I particularly want to happen.
Source: 
@_date: 2013-06-28 00:58:42
Two other things: 
1) If you have bitcoins, remember that you will have to sell some of them to get a lawyer to handle the transaction (look in the phone book and call up lawyers who deal with real estate. They should charge $500. If housing in your area costs $50K, then they will probably charge less). 
As a financial professional, I cannot comment on any other costs as they might be specific to you. There will be other transaction costs, and they differ with each province.
2) When you DO sell bitcoin, your Adjusted Cost Base (ACB) will equal the number of bitcoins * the market price on the day that you sold the house. When you sell the bitcoins, you have to pay tax on capital gains just like any other investment. See: 
Don't bother reading through the entire article above because the Canada Revenue Agency doesn't really understand how bitcoin works and for that reason, they have chosen to be vague. What you need to know is that any gains and losses are taxed. If I were the CRA, I would just treat it like capital gains.
Good luck to you on your transaction. Let me know if you have any other tax questions. 
@_date: 2013-04-19 18:30:10
I agree. I add that there isn't really sufficient liquidity in the spot bitcoin market yet, let alone creating a liquid futures market. 
@_date: 2013-07-12 02:34:09
At first glance, it sounds like the SEC has placed a barrier to prevent the poor from getting richer, however there is plenty of merit in this decision.
Many private companies do not want to go through the hassle of going public. The disclosure requirements alone are insane and expensive. Most large private companies still have corporate audits done yearly which reduces the risk of outright fraud.  
Because private companies are not subject to SEC oversight and these additional reporting requirements, the SEC has a rule that one must be an accredited investor. It is assumed that accredited investors are financially literate and financially capable of a loss without the investment having a material impact on their long-term ability to support themselves. I have worked with accredited investors before, and this assumption usually holds accurate. People with large asset bases but limited financial literacy typically will not invest in companies that are not publicly traded. 
Source: I used to be a corporate auditor.
Also, most other countries (whether politically left or right) have similar requirements for accredited investors. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 00:45:10
Tax won't be an issue for two reasons.
1) In Canada, if you sell your principal residence for a profit, capital gains are tax exempt. See  for a complete listing. In short, if this property has been your (and your spouse's) primary residence for the entire time you have owned it, you will very likely be exempt. Really, the gov't just wants to prevent people from claiming a tax exemption on a second home/cottage. Note: there are also specific rules if you have rented out space in your home (made income from it). Look at:  if this is the case.
2) You lost money on the property. You will not be able to claim a capital loss on the property. It is actually classified as "personal use property" if you have a loss, instead of "Principal Residence". Tax is weird. US tax is much worse.
Source: I am a Canadian CPA, CA. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 14:11:31
While this statement is mostly correct, there are a couple things I would point out:
1) Dollar cost averaging (DCA) was a popular method used by investment advisors over the past few decades to get people to invest more money, more frequently (eg. such as automatic withdrawals). DCA is most easily sold to the layman who only wants to buy one (diversified) investment vehicle.
Most investment advisors get a commission based on the size of their clients portfolios, so they do get a benefit from recommending DCA. So by your definition, there is a person who benefits to the disadvantage of the investor. 
I don't necessarily think DCA is a scam. It's just bad investment advice. Redditors, if you hear this recommendation from any investment advisor, change. If you have more than $100K to invest, pay someone by the hour. If you have less than $100K, buy an index ETF. Don't invest all your capital in Bitcoin. It might be great, but bitcoin is pure speculation (some people won't like that statement. Here's an unbiased way to tell if an investment is speculation: If you can't determine a value for an asset independent from current or historical prices, it's speculation).
@_date: 2013-04-20 02:07:20
For shame, reddit! 12 years goes by and no user interface update? 
@_date: 2013-07-07 02:20:09
Not quite right. Demand is a relationship between price and quantity demanded. Supply is a relationship between price and quantity sold. 
The point at which the two meet will tell us the price and the quantity transacted. 
Source: Econ 101
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:06:10
I know very little about US tax laws, but I do know a fair amount about money laundering and Canadian taxes. Generally speaking, it is far more efficient for you to just pay the capital gains tax and have the money legal to use for whatever without worrying about the government seizing your funds. Note: The US is actively seizing US accounts held overseas to the point that most European banks will not open an account for an American citizen.
To put things in perspective: if you bought a bunch of bitcoins at the beginning for a song and sold them yesterday for $100,000, you would pay between $9,488 (if no other taxable income) to $23,985 (top marginal tax bracket) in Canada. I know it sounds like a lot of money, but it's quite small compared to the costs to actually launder the money.
The only rational reason why a person would consider laundering money earned through legitimate (but not taxed) means, would be if they didn't intend to touch the money for several years (10+) and re-invest 100% of the gains. Disclaimer: This comment should not be construed as actual tax advice.