@_author: arinerron
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:22:30
I'm 15 years old, so this is from experience: You *can* buy cryptocurrency as a minor, but it may not be legal. I have been using Coinbase for about 6 months now. I registered under a fake name and birthday (I know, it's against ToS. IDC though). I would make $90 (profit) if I could sell my coins today, even though I only invested $65 USD into the currencies.  As you can probably tell, I'm too young to own a debit or credit card, and my parents aren't exactly willing to give my bank account number and details to some 3rd party service they've never heard of. However, I found a way around this: I purchased them using prepaid debit cards that I found at Fred Meyers :P I couldn't sell my coins because I didn't have a bank account connected, but I was planning on selling the coins when I was in college and could go to the bank by myself to open a new account.
At the beginning of this month, Coinbase changed their ToS to disallow users under 18. A couple days later, I found out I could verify my identity using my driver's permit instead of an ID card. Since I have a card and my parents don't have it, I used it to verify my identity. Coinbase realized I was actually under 18 and that I had lied about my birthday because of the driver's permit card, and locked me out of my account. I got an email that said I could continue using the Coinbase services if I had my parents sign a consent form and verify their identity (even though they say there's no access for users under 18 on the ToS), so, desperate to get access to my coins back, I begged them to verify. They finally did like a week ago. However, I still am restricted from buying and selling. They let me transfer my coins out of my account though, and I have them on offline wallets now.
I'm really bummed out about this. I really liked Coinbase's GUI and minimal fees, and now I can't use it anymore. Today, I even got my parents to get me a debit card and open a new bank account *just* for Coinbase (they don't know I'm locked out right now AFAIK). I've contacted support a total of 5 times now over the past few weeks, but to no avail. They just don't respond for some reason.
So to answer your question, yes, you can. Just use a fake name and birthdate and don't verify your identity. Technically this is against ToS. But ah well. I don't know what else to do. :)
If you do find a way to do this, please do keep me updated. I really want to be investing right now, and I'm disappointed that I missed out on some good opportunities to invest.
@_date: 2017-08-20 00:32:38
I love Electrum. It's what I typically use on Android.
