@_author: arincrumley
@_date: 2014-06-01 00:41:15
My only request is a bitcoin themed cookie.  
@_date: 2014-02-09 19:39:21
Not to mention if you are making money with ads it can be very hard to get that money.  So allowing them to send you your revenue in bitcoin would be very helpful.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:23:26
True Mojo, but he said he doesn't want to do that.  Also no problem is solved because there was no problem in the first place.
See merchants need to solve a problem.  They can't just accept bitcoin because it's neat.  For them it's got to have a real world bottom line.
I think that when you have cash moving through you as a supplier to customers this is a big opportunity to essentially safe speculate bitcoin.  You only speculate using an amount you made from speculating.  Also you utilize hard data to do the speculating so it doesn't require constant thinking.
With this approach the reason to accept bitcoins becomes earning extra revenue by having some of your cash reservers be in a generally deflationary currency.  That's just smart.  You could also skip the "accepting" bitcoin process and just put some of the cash reserves into BitCoin and see what happens.  However that's a purchase of BitCoin and why do that when your customers can do it for you.  Especially if accepting Bitcoin leads to more buyers who are excited to spend their bitcoin.  
Keep in mind companies can really make a big deal about accepting bitcoin and instantly make media.  Or if it's a smaller operation that can throw a bitcoin launch party in their store.  
So two problems get solved.  Marketing &amp; making more money off some of the cash reserves.  And a third one, justifying shrinking slightly the standard 30 day return policy that's honestly just too leniant anyway.
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:14:21
If the person who performs that test is known and respected then they can then vouch for him.  If others want to perform the test for themselves before sending money he should hopefully be able to do that.  Although I'm sure he's also busy protesting.
@_date: 2014-04-26 15:38:41
"chinese" refer to citizens of that country.  Not all citizens of china are to blame.  Let's not lump everyone in together.  There are also chinese americans and chinese canadians and the vast majority of chinese around the world don't know what bitcoin is.  This poster suggests it's those operating exchanges which, by the way, are also responsible for the reports that banks are hassling and shutting them down.  But maybe the banks really are.  However a good business would simply find another way and carry on.  It's very possible that with each struggle they face they also look at the price tag of what they can make selling before they announce their struggle and then buying after the price drops and then waiting for it to rebound.
@_date: 2014-03-17 05:51:16
Only if Dorian refuses to accept the donations.
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:05:16
Here is another approach.  Keep all bitcoin sales in BitCoin for 14 days.  This way they have a window to return and they get the exact bitcoin back.  You don't turn it into cash for them.  You just give them the bitcoin back.
If you happen to hit a several day spike like when the price rose from 200 to 1000 very quickly then you might get a lot of stuff returned that week.  However this "I changed my mind" reason for return could happen anyway if they were buying in cash and your never going out think the "i changed my mind" returners.
Let them know the 14 day return policy bitcoin 4 bitcoin and you should be set.  If they want to know why then let them know bitcoins price changes often.
Now here is how to sell the bosses on this risk you are taking on.  Do the math to create a probability algorithm.  It would be a live equation always looking at the coindesk API.  It would look at the history of bitcoin and calculate the worst case scenario of the next 14 days.  It would spit out that loss as one number.  Then it would look at all 14 day prior periods and spit out the best case scenario.  It would then take the current bitcoin holdings and spit out the low and high number.  Then another calculation would run the likely average of all days ever and add extra weight the previous 14 days and would spit out the predicted outcome.  
Then compare these numbers to the cash equivalent.  Every time you have a day pass that what's held in bitcoin goes over the cash equivalent count that up as your "holding bitcoin frosting".  If the situation ever predicts an average that will eat up all the frosting you've ever earned then you pull the plug and avoid those disasterous 14 days.  You can temporarily suspend acceptance of bitcoin and I'm sure those holding bitcoin would understand why.  And if your algorithm predicts you'll be okay for a new 14 day stretch then you can start back up again.
Only problem with this complex system, besides being complex, is that you need cash flow to function.  You don't want the use of bitcoin to hurt the companies fiat cash flow which is being used to pay vendors.  
So.  Use the "frosting" fund for this extra needed cash flow.  The way to do that is by also predicting how much bitcoin merchandise you'll be moving.  Start small.  Purchases up to X amount of money can be paid in bitcoin.  Because bitcoin is generally deflationary you'll start to build up that "frosting" fund.  That will allow being more bullish about the max amount of bitcoin you'll accept for a purchase.  Eventually you'll likely have enough in the "frosting" fund to accept bitcoin with a very high ceiling like up to "$250,000" and you can just put that limitation in the fine print.
Also another thing that might eventually be possible is to get your suppliers to accept bitcoin on the same policy to you but for 60 days.  They'll let you return merchandise for up to 60 days bitcoin for bitcoin.  Tell them it'll allow you to sell your merchandise in bitcoin and that you'll forward the credit card transaction savings to them.  At high volume that could make a difference.  Train them with your same algorithms.  Give them the spreadsheet and let them plug in their own numbers.
They can also start small with you and build up their "frosting" fund and be more and more confident with it.
Be careful though, we might one day live in a world where we debate the risk of accepting our local fiat. (A good day.)
@_date: 2014-04-26 15:29:31
"Do you accept bitcoin into your heart as our saviour?"
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:19:55
My friend uses AirBNB to rent a room and wouldn't even want the bitcoin airbnb accepted for us transferred to fiat.
Also we already have sold us dollars to guests who had bitcoin so they didn't incur bank fees.
And we've sold bitcoin to travelers who learn of it and wanted to invest.
@_date: 2014-05-28 09:00:40
We've got one in New York City.  They sent a mailer that said "now accepting bitcoin" right on it!
@_date: 2014-03-22 21:55:29
tl;dr: The system empolyeers use for direct deposit could be intercepted right into bitcoin with auto splits into savings, fiat and a hot wallet.
I wonder if bitpay or someone like that could create a bridge between the U.S. Automated Clearing House system and bitcoin.  This way an employee could do the evangelizing rather then the whole companies system needing to get changed for only a small percentage of their employees.
If there was a service one could sign up for that would give them the info they give to their employer for direct deposit then the employer wouldn't even know they were paying their employee in bitcoin.
Why not just direct deposit and then buy bitcoin?  Because that's an annoying pain in the ass step.  Instead the service could let you set up actions.  Deposit X percent of each paycheck into your account.  Send X percent to a cold storage savings.  Send X percant to a hot wallet you spend on wholefoods, take out and online orders.  I think a service like this marketed to bitcoin enthusiasts would do very well.  
It could also be a part of a road map to becoming a very valuable hot wallet with co-signed transactions.  After all a hot wallet that automatically get's topped off each pay check is much more likely to get used then one that a user has to manually transfer to.
People don't like logging into things and moving money.  That's not the fun part.
The fun part is just getting the money and spending it.  Whatever makes that the most direct straight line will succeed.
@_date: 2014-11-06 16:32:30
Gift someone a type of money they don't know how to use thereby persuading them to learn how to use it!  When they have done that they now have the power to gift that experience to someone else. Changetip. The tipping point for bitcoin and a way to be the change you want to see in the world. So go forth. Changetip the most influential creators you know and let's grow.
@_date: 2014-03-19 18:41:52
Plus you can even set percentages on funds forwarding to go to multiple parties or addresses.  That's insanely useful.  Also coinbase does have fees.  Just calculated differently.  
@_date: 2014-05-23 03:42:43
User friendly.
@_date: 2014-01-22 03:04:12
If you like movies, podcasts, news, music and radio then I've got a fun one that can potentially change the media creation industry.
A peer to peer community that generates an alt currency when media is experienced.  That alt currency is rewarded to both the media creator and the people who seeded the file enabling the download per a fee split set by the creator.
Such a system would have incentive for creating popular content but also reward curators who discover less obvious content that could be popular but just needs to be pushed or presented right.  Channels that built trust with audiences would emerge to help people discover content they'd love.  Like these subreddits.  But they'd include shows, movies, articles, music.  All with a particular flavor.
This would be an open ecosystem that would disrupt the publishing industry which hasn't been too phased by self publishing mechanisms because publishing alone isn't enough to cut through the media noise.  Content also needs to be discovered and this is still a very expensive ad buying process centrally controlled by the publisher of a particular piece of content.
Affiliate systems attempt ways to encourage this but they only work within the space of paid content.
The beauty of what I'm describing is that this content would all be free.  It would have to be in order to compete with all the other free content that exists on peer to peer networks and existing media platforms.  However free doesn't mean there is no value.  The value would be in their attention and that value would be earned in the alt currency given to the creator and split with the curators.  That value could then be spent among creators to make more content.  Since making content is a valuable service there would be a tradable exchange rate for this alt currency and others like bitcoin.  Since professional media creators are smaller in number then regular media receivers the idea is that this currency would support a career once it matured and once the individual became effective enough at making media.  Or they could buy there way in if they are a brand or just out of college and needing to make a name for themselves.  They'd just buy up these alt coins and use them to hire teams to make the media they envision.
On a technical side there are some missing innovations needed for such a system.  Proof of origin would be very important as well as a resolution divisible codec so streaming of low res versions of video could be provided on the fly.
So the biggest need here is a codec that signs each batch of 10 frames or so with a private key to the creator and puts that signature on either a block chain or "the" block chain.  That way this creator address is the destination of all the alt currency mined through decoding that content.
So this peer to peer system would need to be a one codec system.  An encoder to turn content into this codec and sign the content would be needed.
It would need to be image based so you couldn't just re-encode into another codec and then back into this codec and now be the "originator" of the content.  So a way to do this is with some complex math that multiplies your private and public key against the codec algorithm that it is reading the image and does so at a very low resolution and low color approximation.  Then layers on top store more data for more color and resolution detail.  The result would be essentially a blocky image that wasn't that different then what a QR code looks like.  If you filmed it off a screen and put the result through a player it would still be able to read this QR code like digital signature derived from the content itself, the private key and the public key of it's originator.  But then with the added resolution the media could easily be in 4K and the audience would never see this block version.  That's just there under the hood containing the cryptography that verifies origin.
Why all this trouble?  To make sure the originator of this content gets the alt coins and nobody else faking to be the originator.  Right now YouTube is the centralized version of this.  They chase down up loaders and slap wrists.  Nobody trusts any new account because anyone can upload anything and claim it as theirs.   This new system would learn from bitcoin using a lot of it's actual protocol and bake trust into the design thereby enabling a distributed system such as this to exist.
This reward system for coming up with good content people want to experience could bypass the concept of paywalls, donations and micro payments to creators.  Instead simply experiencing the content itself is an act of generating or "mining" value.
It's a pretty big challenge but has potential to disrupt hollywood, the music industry, iTunes, netflix, YouTube, TV and there are a lot of directions it could evolve.
@_date: 2014-05-14 03:36:29
I've traveled through Thailand a bit.  I can recommend an amazing tree house village called Our Jungle House in Khao Sok national park.  You could probably convince them to start accepting bitcoin because the people running it are very cool and they do have a tiny bit of internet access despite being insanely remote.  They have day trips through caves and boat rides on the insane lake with giant limestones sticking up into the air looking like some kind of natural occurring city of sky scrappers now under water.
Also I can recommend Chiang Mai as the second largest city in Thailand and many times cooler both in temperature and culture.  The "old city" part of town is surrounded by a giant brick wall and moat and around every corner you find ancient temples and some of them are animal sanctuaries with cat's and dogs living in the steps like sentinels.  Unlike Bangkok you are always a 30 minute motor bike away from nature.  Also there is a growing artist community that has this city pegged as a possible Berlin in training for South East Asia.  This factor makes this place a good spot to base.  You can even get access to cheap warehouse space and start some kind of business or project and the international nature of this city lends itself to finding team mates to help do some crazy projects.
Go to the couchsurfing.com meet ups in these places and you'll find the other digital nomads like yourself.  Every major city you'll end up in anywhere in South East Asia will have a weekly couchsurfing.com meet up listed when you login.
I can also recommend Ko Samui and Ko Tao as cool places to visit where you can get your scuba diving license if that interests you.
Also I have a story suggestion.  I work in media so that's my experience.  There has already been a story of a couple traveling and living "off of" bitcoin.  Also to live "off the proceeds" of bitcoin has a negative sleazy speculative connotation.  Even if you are a badass, and you are, it doesn't make for a likable protagonist to have simply "guessed good" and now travels the world promoting the idea of everyone else "guessing good."  The short hand version of that story reads like this:  "Well, you could always make it big trading bitcoin and retire to tropical paradise."  That is the best case scenario.  The worst case is all of the prostitute references you see on this thread.  So instead here is what I propose:
Leave your personal trading history and success out of the story.  Leave the way you pay for your expenses out of the story except loosely referencing now and then how flights and hotels are all possible to pay for with bitcoin.  Leave the "my life is an endless vacation" out of the story.
Instead focus on a good story.  One that inspires you.  Even if it's only 10 percent of your daily activity and even if all of the other things I said to leave out are true.  It's the 10 percent that's worth sharing and broadcasting because it contains a useful narrative.  
It might be:
- Bitcoin enthusiast traveling south east asia to find local businesses who could benefit from bitcoin and getting them set up.
- Roaming bitcoin ATM helping bring bitcoin to remote places where having an access to a local exchange wouldn't be possible.
- Roaming Research &amp; Development for bitcoin.  Have surveys you get people to either formally or even informally answer questions.  Simple things people in the west don't understand such as what percentage of people use smart phones vs feature phones vs no phones.  Focus on information that could eventually be used to bring bitcoin to these people and industries in these parts of the world.
- Traveling workshops.  Bring together groups of people and just teach them what bitcoin is and point people at other resources.
- Some combination of all of the above while also getting to travel and vacation as you see fit but generally leaving that out of the primary bitcoin conversation because not everyone can get rich on bitcoin and go on vacations.  But everyone can learn about and start using bitcoin and find some small or potentially really big way that can change their lives and their story I believe is your best story.
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:34:28
About the App store.  I know Apple turns away companies and they have their gate keeping role but it's simply not going to be possible for bitcoin to go mainstream without iOS.  A lot can be done with android but so many people use iOS.  I know it's no simple task and yet it must be done.  Someone must find a way to address Apple's real concerns.  Find out what they are.  We all don't even really know.  We just guess.  The company is run by human beings.  Busy people.  But it's possible to penetrate through persistence.
Also the issue of trusting someone with private keys.  I would trust someone if it was a multi-sig.  This means they can't go spend my money but neither can I.  We both need each other.  This protects me from myself and people that might attack me and protects them from from being attacked.  One would have to attack us both at the same time so the overall security becomes way higher.
Also I'm not suggesting Circle be the only company that exists.  So one can always keep their own armory wallet.  I'm thinking about the average working class user that doesn't have huge savings or investments to protect.  Other services or software would be used for that.
Good point about the security "feature" being identifiable by the attacker.  But passwords are like that.  The attacker knows there is a password feature protecting the user so they know exactly what to go after.  It doesn't mean they can succeed.  So security features I think are an okay approach and ones can be cooked up that are fairly secure and consider that people will loose their phones, people will try to rob people on the streets, people will try to compromise devices, people will try to scam buyers with irreversible payments and bunk products, people will try every sneaky thing they can think of to try to make a "bit".
I know their is a trend towards de-bundling and putting a lot on one app like Circle is a bit odd.  So maybe it's more a matter of what evernote does.  They have their flagship product but they've made other stand alone products that do things to enhance the main product.  It's just that without certain things like being able to order a check to be sent using your btc balance to pay, people will still be attached to a traditional bank.  I'm looking for a set of services that actually get someone free of the banks provided they have a simple enough life.  That could be a huge base of users.
And about the balance being shown in local fiat.  This is a debate of psychology.  How does it seem to the human brain?  We have to consider all the pro and cons.  A big pro for fiat balances being shown is that it helps a user know what they can afford.  If ordering take out will eat up about 1/10th of their current balance then they can do that math and think about it they way they are used to.  No cognitive dissonance.  If they get a total at a Bitcoin accepting point of sale and it's listed in fiat but there is a QR code to pay in bitcoin should they choose then it helps bridge those worlds.  Using bitcoin doesn't mean one has to look at numbers such as 0.0089421  because to most people that doesn't seem like money.  That should all be behind the scenes.
Imagine you have $1000 and over night it goes down to $850.  That's a roller coaster ride and it sucks but if they called Circle to complain then they could just join the dollar for dollar program that locked their balance with no positive or negative interest.  This way they could sell "futures" in bulk to investor communities who would gladly buy 6 month bitcoin futures because the high reward is worth a high risk.
But I think that most users would like the "positive / negative interest" (a better word then 'volatility').  What's exciting about it is that it makes life a bit more magical.  You're money could unexpectedly become worth more.  In fact I'd bargin that if people could go to Bank of America and have them just convert their balance into BTC and then benefit and loose based on the fluctuating exchange rate that many people would do that just for fun.  Unless a loss of any kind meant their lives were destroyed.  For those people they'd choose to fix their balance to the dollar.  And anyone buying those futures would be very very glad.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:46:23
Also steve jobs would regularly do this, he'd talk down a space that he was just about to get majority into and would cryptically plant clues by essentially talking shit about the way the others are doing what he plans to later do better.
Notice Marc says, "as a digital currency" meaning that he believes in the protocol and wouldn't think twice about making money off it but that getting users to shift their paradigm and start talking about everything in milibits and micro bits is just an unlikely user adoption path.  If he invested in something like Circle it would be because they've transcended that problem.  For the market makers yes, BTC and exchange rates are important just like tracking a stock or commodity.  But to average users opening up a bitcoin wallet and loading it with USD, Euro, Pounds or whatever and then spending their local currency in their shops and online retailers it really is just invisible math.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:32:59
The worlds digital knowledge base has just begun a courtship with the worlds digital currency and this could get exciting.
Here is what I counter propose Jimmy:  
You conduct a 1 week bitcoin educational campaign to nurture the bitcoin user base by exposing wikipedia users to instructional media.  This way you are investing in the future wikipedia users who will eventually be regular bitcoin users which in the end will increase the ease of fundraising.  Be honest, you're fund raisers aren't everything you believe they can be.  That's my hunch based on the tone and frequency of the banners and campaigns.  This an opportunity to steer us all in an empowering direction that also makes everyone more capable of supporting sites like wikipedia with ease.
Here is how we can do it:
The reddit community works together with wikipedia to produce a landing page to educate people about bitcoin with media rich content.  We would do this as a contribution to wikipedia and the bitcoin community as a whole.  Once ready it could get approved by your board to be linked to from wikipedia.  Then a banner could go live on wikipedia for a week that said something like, "Bitcoin can be donated to wikipedia.  We want to show you how."  Then it goes to a page that teaches people the ins and outs of bitcoin.  Not the wikipedia entry for bitcoin, that can be linked to as well, but a nice landing page that is truthful it's intention stating that wikipedia needs donations to sustain but also is a slam-dunk awesome bitcoin educational resource.  Maybe it's even set up like a course and you get a special transaction ID embedded in the block chain proving you completed the course and donated money to the unique address generated at the end of the course.  There are likely ways that could integrate into social media and helping people share that they've completed the course.  Since one hasn't completed the course until they donate to wikipedia it's also potentially a really good fundraising initiative.
If you do this in addition to your normal fund raising schedule then any bitcoin should simply be extra donations and you can leave your normal campaigns exactly the way they are.  And you won't be exhausting your users because it's not you're normal banner, it's something different, refreshing, relevant and likely scratching an itch they either had or didn't know they had.
This is an opportunity to educate a massive number of people about an economic instrument that can literally liberate people from tyranny around the world.  It's not as essential here in the US where the dollar is relatively strong and bank fees are not so bad but in many countries their failing currencies are in dire need of alternatives and they simply do not know about bitcoin nor would they have any idea where to begin.
Wikipedia and everything you guys mean to people seems like the perfect educational tentacle of this growing bitcoin community.  It's not like wikipedia to endorse something so let's be clear that's not the suggestion.  A company would be asking for endorsement.  We are not a company.  We are a stake holders and believers in a protocol.  A protocol simply asks to be used but first major education has to take place and wikipedia is in a unique position to get involved.
Redditors, do you like this idea?  Would you pitch in to help build the content and page and possibly even provide hands on training so that this wouldn't have to take energy away from wikipedia's daily effort of growing their site and community?  I think if we show this idea some love then Jimmy can get a read of how capable and enthusiastic we are to educate the world about bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:36:07
Circle is a service that's in the works and has been rumored to be providing a very user friendly bitcoin experience aimed at mass market.  It's what we all wish existed when we are trying to get our non-tech friends and family into bitcoin.  They have great management, great past experience, solid financing and are the most promising project of this kind.
@_date: 2014-06-01 00:36:41
Super tasty cookes.  They said they might go sell in central park tomorrow.  I'll see if I can get their coordinates to share on here.  We can be their bitcoin cookie groupies.
Here is a pic:
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:33:59
Hmm…. the ultimate bitcoin ATM (or BTM) would accept coins and foreign currency.  But that's a hard thing for an operator of the machine to deal with.  So there would probably be a percentage lost in the conversion.  
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:10:59
I've just emailed them to ask if they can start accepting bitcoin donations to the FCC camp out that just started.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:30:12
That's been previously stated as relating to banking issues.  It's an assumption that they were hiding behind banking issues because of insolvency.  But there is no information about that available.
@_date: 2014-04-05 20:54:17
I've been asked to take a look at the beta when it's ready which I believe it isn't.
@_date: 2014-02-27 21:33:11
I vote the new gox.com is an onblock exchange.  They can still make money off the onramps and off ramps but when you use the service you are just finding buyers and sellers and then sending multi-sig transactions that don't complete until gox.com has moved the cash and taken their cut.  This way it's on each user to keep their coins secure rather then on gox.com or bitquick.co or any other weak link.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:53:03
I'm in the content space and I like the idea of being able to program content ownership royalties like with coinkite as well as have immediate pass through to the content creator meaning they can immediately be making more content rather then waiting for funds to quarterly be divided and sent.
@_date: 2014-03-22 09:01:00
@_date: 2014-01-06 04:13:25
Okay guys.  I've written a PDF to enlist merchants.  It's designed for us enthusiasts to give them a print out or email them a PDF.  We can put our personal contact info in the last page if we want and then if they end up signing up to accept bitcoin we can come be their first customer, take photos, add them to the map and help have bitcoin really pay off for them.  Maybe even organize a bitcoin launch party.  Bring in a group of friends we know use bitcoin and we know can help celebrate their new acceptance of bitcoin.
Here is the PDF I wrote.  It could use a proof to make sure there aren't grammar or spelling issues.  A pass clarity could prove useful but with our without that I'm pretty sure what I wrote can get the job done as is.  More important to be proactive then perfectionists.
Now it just needs to be put together in a graphical layout.  CoinCult?  You in?  Anyone else want to send him graphical assets for any of the required imagery?  Anyone wanna use this document once it's ready?  Let us know if you're on board.
@_date: 2014-05-21 15:54:50
You're not a snake oil salesman, so don't' worry.  Just focus on how bitcoin increases agility.  Paying team members across borders.  Across boundaries.  Micro-payment incentives to a gradation of involvement.  Crowd funding.  Distributed anonymous organizations.  Co-ownership using smart contracts.  Or giving out tokens of ownership around a quickly built project.  How is that for agile.  You don't even need a parent company and can just amass around an idea and use bitcoin as the fluid oil to compensate and profit participate the process.
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:10:00
Coinbase:  502 Bad Gateway
CoinDesk:  I get a cloud copy of the site from May 18th
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:15:58
These ideas got my mind cooking too.
Here is a write up of such a system with a few changes I've made that lean more towards each seat having their own QR code they scan that brings them to an ordering platform.  A view for the servers would tell them where to take the items once they are ready.  Also the value proposition to the owner is getting ride of their cash registers.  So a bitcoin, paypal, credit card establishment could have less accounting to deal with.  So it's most likely about building a business with this in mind rather then converting an old school business.
Here is my write up:
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:29:31
Fellow filmmaker here in NYC.  I'm swamped or else I'd jump in and help you hands on.  But here are some ideas that come to mind i'd like to offer:
The story that needs to be told is that spending bitcoin is fun.  That you can get yourself a bitcoin account put dollars in there.  That the amount of dollars you have will then go up or down but generally up but the most important thing is that your money will now be at your fingertips.  
I think a narrative piece showing all the situations where bitcoin is fun would be effective.
People are about to split a check, everyone is trying to do the math and it's super complicated, but then someone says, "wait, I'll just pay and then you can each send me bitcoin."
Or a kid getting their allowance paid in bitcoin which they then spend inside of a video game.  
Someone orders furniture from overstock.
Someone donates money to wikipedia.  Or NPR.
Or someone of diverse ethnicity depositing money into a bitcoin ATM and then talking talking on the phone split screen with their grandmother who takes the money out of an ATM in what's obviously another country.
A traveler is welcomed in and pays for their hotel with bitcoin to a very grateful owner.
We see in a market in a developing part of the world the prices getting changed and a mother counting out the currency to realize she doesn't have enough.  SHe then see's "we accept bitcoin" and is much relieved and sends a text message on a none smart phone.  The market owner get's a text message and he hands her the groceries.  Her kid smiles.
Don't worry about explaining how it works.  We've already got all the media that geeks out on the protocol.  What's need is to tell the story of how it changes peoples lives.
The mini stories that show that the difference is already being made and can be magnified.  The over all message should be that you can use a currency that helps the world be a better place.  The US dollar, Euro, Pound, none of those currencies could ever make that claim.  Those currencies fund wars.  Bitcoin should have a reputation of being the peaceful zen payment method.  Super friendly.  Super impassioned.  Super ready.  Super secure.  Super easy.
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:21:15
Problem is this slogan doesn't sound fun or inspiring.  It's sort of like saying, "be your own dentist."  What?  Who wants to do some special thing that the professionals probably do much better?
For us enthusiasts who see the changing landscape being your own bank is incredibly inspiring.  But to your average Joe it doesn't sound like a good idea.
Bitcoin:  A better way to pay
Focus on what it does and how it's used.
@_date: 2014-02-27 21:01:53
Just because it's on that sheet doesn't mean they have the keys to those coins.
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:15:15
Bitcoin:  Immediate, international, Internet Money
@_date: 2014-02-05 06:46:47
Good call Robness.  Filmmaker here who agrees artists with open minded fan bases are a great area to advance bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2014-01-16 00:04:35
Here is an NYC bar on the map:  
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:59:16
Guys, the problem dates back to 2011, nobody said these coins were just now stolen and nobody said they haven't been replacing the stolen coins on a regular basis as it was happening.  Back in 2011 that many coins would not have seemed like too big an issue.  How short are they?  They may have only been a few thousand short but then when the price spiked that few thousand became a huge financial problem.
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:32:58
3.  There is no brother.  Arthur is a plant by those who wish us to think Dorian is Satoshi by having a "brother" who is just as bad at "lying" as he is supposed to also seem to be.
@_date: 2014-03-22 09:07:18
Good question.  I think the selling points would be having no monthly banking fees, no insufficient funds fees and all financial needs at your finger tips on your phone at all times and near zero percent fees on bitcoin purchases making it more appealing then credit card purchases in which the discount is baked into the merchandise cost.
Also people like that they are clever for using bitcoin.  They'd be using bitcoin.  It's just the balance would be this abstract monopoly sounding nerdy number.  The balance would be in local fiat at the present exchange rate.  BlockChain's wallet shows you both.  I'm just suggesting to not show the BTC balance at all.  Unless a user really digs.  Because that number is what is confusing everyone who is new.  That's making it all feel foreign.  Normal numbers, even ones that fluctuate up and down on a daily basis, are better because they represent the value scale we have grown so use to.
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:12:59
This post is possibly off topic except that without the internet treating all packets equally we could easily see a united states where unpaid data packets don't make it through.  In other words, it's the only regulation that could actually stop bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:38:16
Maybe he's right and the solution would be to ignore BTC prices.  Several quotes have floated around saying, "people would never know they are using TCPIP" and that "one day you'll not know it but you will be using BTC."
Maybe this whole "there are only ever going to be 21 million" is irrelevant to the average user who just wants to buy things.
Maybe there should be a wallet, like I'm sure Circle is working on, that doesn't even tell you your balance in BTC but instead in your local understood currency.  All people need to know is that their balance in their account is going to go up and down day to day but will generally go up unless the whole thing implodes which can possibly even be insured against and eventually will be a non-fear.  I suppose this makes it all sound like much more of a pyramid scheme but so is any banking relationship.  You're bank offers you interest.  The new paradigm here would be floating point interest.  You share in the risk with your bank.  You might get your balance going up or you might see it going down.  This really is the email of money version of reality.
Maybe get's understood as a payment method rather then a complicated currency.  Maybe then it might fall more nicely on the ears of mark cuban and his western consumer oriented mind.  Of course for developing parts of the world it's a completely different story and they are already used to dealing in multiple currencies and are much more likely to see this one as superior just as is.  Especially as phone implementation becomes more secure and easier.
Also as soon as Marc owns some bitcoin he'll join the team.  As long as he feels he can be forgiven for his prior inaccurate predictions.
@_date: 2014-11-16 04:46:02
I have used gyft for amc theaters.
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:13:25
Can we use the block chain to somehow verify this?  Someone sends a direct message to his Facebook with a requested amount and he sends that requested amount proving he owns both the Facebook account and control of that address?
@_date: 2014-03-22 09:03:45
BTCe just did something very similar:
@_date: 2014-06-10 08:04:00
I'm using TD Bank in New York City and have it linked to a coinbase account with no problems.  I've moved bitcoin into both personal and business accounts.  Less than $5,000 USD total.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:38:30
They may have first tried to buy back bitcoin with USD reserves because they were short due to mailability.  When that didn't work they went into cold storage to find it was damaged, stolen or just some how not really there.
In certain ways the best we can hope for is that the 750,000 coins aren't with a thief but instead are never accessible again by anyone.
Another thing to consider is the brought in a specialist to look into malleability and that specialist stolen these coins.  
Or here is another idea:  They went to look into malleability and found that back in 2011 when they had done a transaction between a hot wallet and a cold wallet someone had made that transaction go bad with malleability so a previously destroyed hot wallet still has the coins and they'd thought they were sitting on them in a cold wallet so they were keeping those coins offline because they didn't need them.  Until reserves went low due to recent malleability.  In this way it could have been caused by malleability both times but all have come up in a very recent problem.
Or… They really want to exist as a business still and feel they don't need to admit they've been involvement for years and plan to just cover that up.
@_date: 2014-08-17 19:32:14
I inquired to do a screening at the bitcoin center in NYC and they said it's in the hands of a distributor who is waiting to do a bigger release in NYC and nation wide and preparing marketing materials.
Personally I think they'd still be better off letting us do some screenings. Maybe it will take them time to figure this one out.
We shall see.
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:40:24
Fiat will be in the history books within our lifetimes.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:04:57
Most establishments go with the 1 to 10 second display of the funds and don't wait for confirmations.  Unless you are buying a tesla car or something.  Also with security cameras you would have to be taking a high risk to send a fake transaction.
@_date: 2014-03-11 20:54:32
You were very well spoken however I think there is an opportunity to have a couple voices.  One for your bitcoin community on the radio show and one for the general person who is not going to become a super fan but might use bitcoin on account of it's potential to be more convent, because they feel clever and because they feel they are contributing to a cause that's empowering people around the world.
It's important to know that the reason isn't because the block chain is freaking cool.  For bitcoin to succeed and for this community to facilitate that we need to hone in on what matters to ordinary non-tech types.
This community has been driven by enthusiasts but we've gotten so used to recruiting enthusiasts that it's not coming naturally to now invite everyone and their brother.  
It's time though.  We've got to start deflecting technical questions and punching people with what matters.  Leave the theoretical conversations and talk only about reality and applied use of bitcoin.  Not the protocol.  Not the many other Apps coming in the future.  The ways people can use this right now.  The way it's changing the world right now.  Don't let the interviewers run the interviews.  They often don't really know what they should be asking.
For example:
Host:  It's digital so can't anyone just make as many of these as they want on their computer, how does all that work?
You:  You don't have to worry about that.  This system has been stress tested by hackers, developers and enthusiasts since 2009 and it's now ready for masses to jump in.  All you have to do is open an account and deposit some money and then you can spend that money using the bitcoin network.  The only thing you need to know is that how much money you have in your account at any given moment will go up and down day to day the same way a foreign currency exchange rate would.  Also, like any currency there is always a risk the currency could crash.  So it's not smart to store any money you couldn't afford to loose.  That being said any event that could cause a bitcoin to crash has failed to do so thus far and it's battled some very challenging obstacles and come out stronger each time.  
HOST:  So this is something new to the computer world?
Buying stuff is one of the oldest and funnest pass times.  This is just a new way to buy things.  Let's say you want to buy a watch or a couch.  You can use a site like Overstock.com to pay with bitcoin and then you can simply deposit more money into your bitcoin account to keep buying more things.  You just keep it topped off with the amount you need.  Think of it like a pre-paid credit card or like frequent flyer miles but that you can spend at thousands of vendors around the world.
Host:  But there has been a lot of hacking, what's going on with mt gox?
Like any thing that has value there is always the chance it could be stolen.  However there are some basic common practices that protect us.  What people are doing is making sure they don't use the same password as their email or Facebook accounts because those get hacked much more often and can lead to a bitcoin theft.  To add another layer people are using a second password that's required when you make a payment.  This way what the thief would get if they stole your account wouldn't work for them because they wouldn't know that second password.  People also tend to avoid putting lots of money into any bitcoin any online account.  They put just the amount they want to spend.  When people need to store a lot of money in bitcoin there are special applications you can download to safely to so.
Host:  But tax season is coming up, how is this taxed?
If you spend money or make money in bitcoin it is an asset so it can be taxed. You've got to check your local laws but in most cases it's a tax deductible expense the moment you put your money into bitcoin and not the moment you make the purchases.  Also any money you hold in bitcoin is likely a taxable asset at the end of each quarter or at the end of the year depending on how your local laws work.  So just the way you would look at the balances of any of your assets when you go to file, you should do that with your bitcoin account.
People are starting to accept bitcoin all over the place and it's really taking the world of financial payments by storm.  It's making the biggest difference in developing parts of the world where they don't have access to any other form of banking and where often the regional currency is hugely inflationary and here comes a deflationary currency that actually encourages saving by rewarding those who are able to hold onto their bitcoin.  When money is sent to family members in other countries their are virtually no fees instead of often 20 percent being taken from people who need the money the most.
• When talking about bitcoin with people who don't already use bitcoin this conversation is about getting them to use bitcoin and nothing else.  Everything else is irrelevant.  Everything else is them trying to understand from the outside something they can only understand once inside.  So use this opportunity to teach them how to use bitcoin.  Not how bitcoin works.  How to use it.
• Never talk about any amount of bitcoins or imply that one has to think or worry about how much a bitcoin is worth.  Always just speak of it like it is money and don't distinguish it as different then money.  It is money.  It is money. It is money.  Example, "I put $200 dollars into my bitcoin account and then I bought a $150 dollar watch and figured I'll use the other $50 dollars at the bar where they give you a 2 for 1 deal when you pay in bitcoin but I'm out of town for the next month so my hope is by the time I'm home it's become $60."
• Always advise against buying lots of bitcoin and encourage instead people to get just the amount they need to make some purchases.  
• Never discuss bitcoin as an investment instrument unless speaking directly to investor types or a wall street crowd.  Always just re-shift the focus back on the payment mechanism.  The reason why is that people can "smell a rat" as they say.  It'll seem like you just want them to invest to that your investment will go up in value and that is actually the definition of a pyramid scheme and once you're down that road they'll shot the door on the trap by saying people promoting bitcoin are just trying to get their bitcoin to be worth more.  
• Talk about what people are doing rather then telling them what to do.  For example, "what people are doing is putting just enough bitcoin in their accounts to pay for the things they plan on buying."
• Avoid talking about the future or the past.  The future hasn't been written so predicting something that is going to one day happen causes the listener to work too hard to figure out if they agree.  Talking about the past is a trap.  It ends up being a bunch of gossip and the topic at hand get's glossed over.
• Make sure to talk about it as fun.  Using bitcoin is fun.  Your'e not lying.  Everyone agrees when they get that device in their hand and they send actually money with a click of the screen.  Not a request to the bank or credit card to later send money if everything goes right.  Literally right now, instantly sending money.  Talk that part up and make people feel clever and powerful for attaining this ability for themselves.
• Always make sure to install a feel good "we are helping the world" message some how.  Usually talking about people sending their family money is politically correct safe way to not alienate people.  We can all identify with sending family members money even if we are residents of the countries we live in.
@_date: 2014-05-31 20:06:45
I'm a few blocks away!  Just saw this. I could use a cookie.  I'll come.
@_date: 2014-03-17 06:10:31
OpenVideo conference 2011 in New York City.  Content monetization was being discussed and I was more interested in flattr.  Oops.
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:03:37
You could use it for age verification by partnering with coinbase.  If they pay with their coinbase wallet then you know they have a bank account.  So if you put a paywall in front of the content then instead of requiring login you simply require a payment be made on the spot using a bitcoin address registered with coinbase.  Then countries with very strict rules on age verification will be less likely to hassle you.  
Or you could create a custom age verification app that put's the verification into the block chain functioning as a digital contract.  That's a bit more technically advanced but maybe a cool way to verify age without login so people can just walk up to the site, pay in bitcoin, but you know they are of age because the address they are paying from has in the block chain a digital contract verifying that.  Either through a bank account or even a 3rd part age verification service.  People shy about sending passport scans to hardcore porn sites might prefer a 3rd party service that age verifies their bitcoin account.  Then when ever they pay from that wallet they are set.  If you make this service then the entire porn industry might end up sending business your way.  You charge the bitcoin user a small amount of bitcoin.  You accept their details.  Add info to the block chain.  And maintain the records to keep everyone selling any age restricted content to those people safe from breaking the local laws.  It could even be "smart age restriction".  Since different countries have different age requirements for buying porn.
Also by not needing a login there could be more impulse sales.  You build a system that draws them in, and right when they are really excited you ask for the bitcoin.  Or for some greater access you ask for a little more. See it's not about swapping credit cards for bitcoin.  It's about asking the design question, "with bitcoin as a payment mechanism what can we now design that improves upon what we've been doing?"  It's not a technical question as much as a user experience question.  It's an inquiry into human physiology.  The sky is the limit.  You could even give them money back when they complete actions you like.  PingPonging bitcoin back and forth might be an easy way to increase engagement.  Imagine you go into a room that costs X btc to enter but the understanding is that the live talent give btc back to the viewer turning the whole model on it's head.  What does a guy really want?  To feel he turned on a girl.  Not to just be turned on by her.  Create a game that provides that to him, even if completely synthetic, it will likely deliver a greater simulation and therefor stimulation.  Not saying that's the exact answer but this is an opportunity to think way outside the box.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:21:20
We as a community must be able to handle both constructive and destructive moments.  To do this we must have discourse.  We must agree to a process in which disagreeing can occur.  To have moments of brutal honesty.  I respect what Two-Bit Idiot wants to do.  He wants a foundation that we can all be proud of.  Or to find out that such a dream is impossible and then to see it crumble.  That fate is what we risk by opening this can of worms.  The upside is we might get a foundation we can all trust.  That's worth a little bit of FUD because "true believers" don't let touch them anyway.
@_date: 2014-03-15 02:55:57
If you worked on wall st you might spend more time thinking about that then your girlfriend and you'd think nothing of it.  (And neither would she.)  But bitcoin is creating collective cognitive dissonance and as we approach the full epiphany of cryptographic decentralization of human resource management we are going to be seeing all kinds of mini-break downs in our lives and in the world.
@_date: 2014-05-21 15:38:35
Here is an idea for a contest.  You put up a private key and a public key on the screen and say, "On your marks get set go!"  "The first person to figure out what these are and what to do with them get's to keep them."
@_date: 2014-03-18 00:52:33
Here at Satoshi square in NYC.  Just went to do a transaction and found blockchain was down.  Let's keep the ecosystem thriving and find out how to prevent this next time.  Still love blockchain but want everyone to know we are disappointed right now.
@_date: 2014-06-01 00:39:25
I found out while chatting with them you can order a dozen off their shopify site and pay in bitcoin there too.
@_date: 2014-01-06 04:28:12
I've just written a guide for merchants inspired by another reddit thread.  I'm looking for someone to turn it into a stylized graphical PDF we can share with people like you.  But it's already got all the info and it addresses most of your questions.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:32:15
The only thing I'd add to his theory is that I think Mt Gox was trying to slam the price of bitcoin downward in hopes to buy cheaper bitcoin and get enough to escape the fractional reserve.  Also I think that the original theft was also transaction malleability.  But back then a refund of 700K bitcoin wasn't too big of a deal.  Also I think they bought most of those back probably right away and i think it's blown out of proportion that they got that much stolen from them because they are trying to bring the price down yet further because to them this isn't all over.
@_date: 2014-03-20 07:29:30
I got some notifications of payments I didn't make too.  Trying to sort it out but blockchain.info keeps giving me an error i think related to them not able to handle the traffic they are getting.
@_date: 2015-05-21 02:33:00
I've thought a lot about working Bitcoin into jewelry but I hadn't yet imagined the Bitcoin is the jewel. Diamonds are tacky too and easy to fake or even just manufacture. But a truly digitally scarce precious number might mean a lot to couples a decade or two from now. The only thing lacking is beauty. However if a beautiful chip or storage system of some kind could hold a private and public key and be transferable off the device only once somehow then it could really hold sentimental value by extension of its material value. That is ladies and gentlemen the foundation the jewelry industry rests upon so don't mock his idea too much. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 04:31:09
Doesn't a 3 address usually mean it's a multi-sig?
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:15:48
A credit card sized E-ink digital camera / cold wallet generator.  It could be used for taking black &amp; white photos of important information like pass phrases, QRcodes of cold storage wallets and private addresses you don't want attached to your name or online services.  It could also have a function to generate cold storage wallets that can then be loaded into a hot wallet on another device by taking images of the QR code public and private key.  So you can send bitcoin to it and then once ready to spend that bitcoin, call up the QR codes from cold storage and load that bitcoin into your hot wallet.  A partner app could let you set up a balance to keep track of how many cold wallets  you have and how much is in each one.  The device would never connect to the internet but would have 2 micro sd card slots.  One for it's data and one to make a copy.  It would just automatically make a copy of the primary slot to the secondary slot card.  As an added layer of security you could take the card out of the unit and enter it only when you need the data.  There could also be a pin you enter to use the device meaning that the data on the micro SD is also encrypted by that pin.  This way you could travel without having to carry around all kinds of written down passwords and printed out paper wallets.  It could even have a self destruct mode.  If turned on then a special pin being pulled out what cause the battery to fry it's memory.  So you could wear the card on your body in such a way that removing by force would cause that pin to be pulled.  
If you backed up before you left home you could loose everything and you'd still have a copy back home of the cold storage wallets private and public keys encrypted on an SD card only you can read in this little device that never connects to the web or any other devices.
An option for making multi-signature cold storage wallets could also be a way to further heighten security.  You could set it up so your financial advisor, partner, family member or all of the above all had to approve a transaction out of that particular cold storage wallet.  I'm pretty sure all you'd need is their public addresses which the device could ask you to scan when creating a multi-sig cold storage wallet.  
@_date: 2014-03-22 09:00:18
You should be using a solution that shows the results right after the person answers.
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:01:32
The best I can do is speculate but here is a good account of how their bad PR might have been intentionally supporting their arbitrage.  
@_date: 2015-07-16 22:14:48
well you could join coinbase and buy 100 worth of Bitcoin and then ask friends and family to also buy 100 using a link they give you and then you will make 25 for everyone who joins. Let them know the Bitcoin you bought and the 25 dollars you get is all going towards your kids education savings. Then maybe buy a little more from time to time considering it's possible the technology might go extinct but crossing fingers it stays afloat and ends up solving so many higher level problems that you would watch the price of Bitcoin go up over the course of many years. Your kids might really thank you later. Also if you grocery shop at whole foods you can use gyft to buy gyft cards to spend there the day you will be shopping. Then 3 percent of what you spend is given back you as a special thanks for not using credit cards who normally get that money. Also if you are buying furniture online you can pay for it with Bitcoin and get a discount as well. Or if you want to have friends and family split expenses on a trip then Bitcoin is a really easy and fun way to send money. Circle is a great app for that. Also if you sell a car later and don't want to be accepting large amounts of cash or wait for a check to clear you can have the buyer get coinbase and get the amount of Bitcoin they need and then transfer it you in real time when you hand over the title. They can't undo the payment so after 45 minutes or so it's enough layers deep into the collective list of transactions that it's totally perminant.
Cheaptickets.com can let pay with bitcoin for a flight and I find that to really simplify buying flights.
And finally it's fun and a positive way to impact the world. It's pushing a system that helps afghan women get access to banking. That just slightly transcends the interest rate quantitative easing that effects things like the long term value of your home. And it generally creates a more fair and egalitarian world. Even if the technology fails you will have pioneered a space that makes it possible for something even better to replace it.
@_date: 2015-07-10 06:35:34
I like the idea of having a password on top of it all.
And maybe it's just a privat key for the purpose of encrypted communication so payment requests can be sent to a hot wallet online who can then make the transaction for you. Or even a sidechain that can make all kinds of payments that then close at the end of the day.
Having your hot wallet provider mail you a private key could give you the sense that your money is still yours and that if they crash you can still reclaim your money and keep using it elsewhere. But also you can feel with this 4 pin system that there aren't an insane number of things to remember like the multi word seed. And like you said putting a password on the private key means you could then rest assured knowing if you get robbed then the private key records they get from you will be useless and also will require 58 to the fourth or way more tries to guess during which time hopefully you can notice you've been majorly robbed and take preventative measures like moving your money out of the wallet that uses that private key.
And by the way, people making their own paper wallets using this system isn't a bad idea. Just the way you can get OS's you can install just for the purpose of making a really clean cold storage wallet.
But you did lose me on why you should reuse the address once you spend from it. Can't one always rebuild a wallet from just a private key because a public key can be drived from the private key and then looking at the block chain you can see what funds you have control over with that private key and then make a transaction that sends a portion of those funds to any address you load in. If I have this wrong please let me know.
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:22:08
What is a price but an abstraction of value? We use the word pizza to describe a slice of a crust and tomatoe paste with cheese we can eat. We use 3 dollars to describe the relative value to other things also with the same price like a metro card swipe in New York City. Saying a slice of pizza is worth 11,538 bits to a customer is like printing your menu in binary. It's accurate and true but not helpful.  If you build software to market pizza you'll surely have to consider describing pizza in binary on some level but when you are marketing pizza to the public through signs and language, you better stick to calling it pizza. Around the time we embrace a single language world wide is the approximate time we will be ready to list prices in bits. And maybe by then a slice will cost 3 bits.
@_date: 2015-04-22 20:41:23
Hey there, was doing some shopping around in your site and noticed you aren't accepting Bitcoin as a payment option. If you did than I am at least one customer who would choose to pay you in that method. It would help me because I've been storing what I plan to spend online in Bitcoin which means I don't have to worry about not having enough for the purchase on one of my cards and risking getting an overdraft fee or going over a spending limit on a card. Plus it's much faster than entering in all my billing details and I don't risk my card details being intercepted. 
It would also be better for you because there is no risk that I'd fraudulently tell my credit card company to place a stop payment on the transaction. It's new and not all customers use it but if they did it's the kind of thing that would be a dream come true to merchants. Especially since you'd avoid the credit card fees. 
So please count this as one vote for your site to accept Bitcoin and I'm also happy to answer any more questions you might have. Usually it's just a matter of joining bitpay or coinbase and using their tools to integrate your existing system and they can make it so when you get Bitcoin it automatically is converted to local currency and forwarded to your bank account.  All very easy. And you may even attract a few new customers who are exited about finding new ways to utilize Bitcoin. I for one would spread the word.
Thanks for your time and please let me know what you think.
@_date: 2015-04-26 13:51:18
I liked the integration on the site and didn't get stuck. Once I scanned with my phone and once I used a web browser on an iPad which launched the blockchain app when I clicked to pay. But I wish Bitcoin was accepted via the fivver app too.
@_date: 2013-12-22 06:48:06
I personally try to skip the education with people and go straight to getting them using it.  The hands on experience will then win them over to the movement and cause them to self educate.  Evangelizing bitcoin is a lot of work.  I think the same amount of work can be spent providing a bitcoin experience for someone.  I know it's slow going in real life converting one person at a time and the internet seems like the best platform but I've noticed that we create these clicks where we all discuss bitcoin because we already love it.  If you really loved bitcoin you'd put yourself in circles who would never even think about bitcoin and start to give them a bitcoin experience of some kind.  Maybe that can be done with the web or maybe it can happen in a physical setting.
@_date: 2013-12-22 07:00:47
It sounds like a use for Master Coin.  Simple explanation is moving say 1 satoshi and then using the signature in the block chain as proof of ownership of a token of some kind.  So you can make any number of currencies that are tokens worth what ever you say they are worth and have very small transactions such as just a few satoshi's (1/10,000,000 of a bitcoin) to prove that one address gave to another address a unit of value.  Many are saying that 2014 will be a year of building other apps on the bitcoin network.  The advantage of this is you utilize the 6 terra hashs of the bitcoin network rather then having to build up a new "bitcoin like network."  Many of the alt currencies are predicted to be soon just lobbing onto the bitcoin network itself but moving smaller amounts that represent larger assets of a different currency.  