@_author: arisenswordfish
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:21:38
Are you going to actually say anything to help contribute to your opinion or is it all going to be baseless 1 liners because it seems like your trying to start an fight  rather then have a constructive dialogue. Not all block chains are equally secure, they can and do have different security models. Bitcoin which is a blockchain uses a proof of work model and can be argued to the the MOST secure blockchain at this time. 


This comment is just completely ignorant so i would suggest doing some more research and asking around. There are plenty of people willing to help and educate.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:39:43
It just seemed like you were picking a fight while saying things that were contradicting yourself and i felt that you were making claims based on incomplete information. So it irritated me a little. Anyway i don't like talking about it in terms of value as i don't own any anyway. I don't have a use for it, or really even look at its market value as it is currently not useful to me.
Value is subjective it is different from person to person. Market value is an aggregation of every individuals opinion on the value of something. If you find something useful then it has some value to you. 
Maybe you live in a place like Venezuela that has had rapid inflation for years. Perhaps is is easier to use bitcoin to trade with others and store value instead of gold due to either accessibility or storage. Maybe you live in the US and you have access to banking services and there isn't much use case for it so the only value it has is speculation for its market value in the future(which there is currently a lot of in my opinion). Maybe people find value in opting out of banking institutions or they just don't have banking institutions.
There is an infinitely long list of reasons on why something can have value to you so no one else can really answer your original question only you can determine that for yourself and if you ask people to answer it for you all they can really do is give you their perspective which may or may not be relevant to you. I would say quite a few people believe that as a technology it will have usefulness in the future and so they hold onto it.
@_date: 2018-02-19 19:31:17
Or to a corporation or exchange the represents many people. Maybe some very crypto rich individuals keep their wealth spread out over many wallets to reduce their risk and not appear wealthy at all. The question your asking is based on the assumption that the high value wallets belong to single individuals or a small group. Which may be true sometimes but that's the problem. Since you cant actually tell what is behind an address or addresses you making economic decisions based on shaky data at best.