@_author: ariyalucca
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:22:06
Is this even legit? While in India they banned crypto which is kinda sad. I hate to see people trying to ban things which they know nothing about or maybe they do? Maybe it intimidates them but anyways if this is real, I'm glad they legalize it if it's for the better and no strings attached but then again government can play dirty sometimes. I always support crypto projects/platforms that could really help our society and get more exposure out there on what blockchain really is. Like this [one]( the platform utilizes dedicated high-end servers and the Blockchain Offload Engine (BOE) hardware units. These chipsets are designed to increase security, and accelerate the rate at which transactions are processed by reducing bottlenecks in the server which is really great. 
This can be used for example, in lottery applications, we need to ensure true randomization to select the winning number while being transparent through smart contracts that can be checked through their block explorer, hpbscan.org.  Anyways, looking forward to more news about crypto and more countries adopting it.
@_date: 2019-07-25 19:50:39
Extreme pizza huh, but yeah congrats! :D
@_date: 2019-08-02 01:22:18
Blockchain is inevitable, and more cryptocurrencies will be added as fuel to it. I think people should understand that the blockchain platform does all these things that make everyday transactions easier and more effective by deleting the middle guys. I always support [projects/platforms]( that can be really effective in the long run and its functionality overall. I think more exposure and real-life applications can even garner more people to focus on the blockchain rather than just the money.
@_date: 2019-09-10 10:00:27
I think it would be just an added currency just like fiat, gold etc. although many people will regret not buying btc early on. Just like what happened before and now people are crossing their fingers that it will happen again this year but who knows we just have to be positive it will somehow survive and many people will adopt the blockchain itself. 
For now I have been checking other alternative to invest my time and money, there are still couple products out there that promotes utilization of their token just like this [one]( I think this would be perfect for those campaigns that garners audiences through referral link. Anyway, would love to see if cryptocurrency would survive in a couple of years.
@_date: 2019-09-20 16:45:08
Bitcoin in a nutshell