@_author: arkeio
@_date: 2019-04-03 08:22:32
I disagree with you, with penny stocks, it is very common
But yeah, if you talk about some big companies in the DJ, you won't see 17% up for no reason
@_date: 2019-04-11 08:45:30
I agree with you. It's the opposite of why the Bitcoin has been created by Satoshi.  
Coinbase stands as a 3rd party and centralize wallets.
The only advantage would be to show the speed of transactions, and the scalability of massive transactions,  but that's all
No incentives for the buyer or seller. Fees for the 3rd party, classic business model like we already know
@_date: 2019-04-11 15:22:05
That's the current issue with bitcoin payment. It is not user friendly.
For the average person, public key and private key with a lot of Exhe5... is Chinese and scary (maybe French too)  
The fact is, the bitcoin protocol is working, we can send BTC each other, it is fast, secure. Yet the application level is not defined, so it is not ready for mass adoption  
Think of Stripe for example, it is really friendly for the seller and for the buyer. It's just an API to set up easily with a documentation step by step  
Plus, the bitcoin was created to remove 3rd party. Guess what Coinbase is doing? Centralizing your wallet and acting as a 3rd party to do the exchange  
Of course, give them some fees, they are not doing this for the technology but profit  
Seems like the business model of the last decades, no?
Where is the innovation in that?
@_date: 2019-04-12 10:22:42
Yep, as long as you keep your private key, your assets are safe
Like the password of your bank account
If something goes wrong, yeah, no 3rd party or centralized data, so currently it may be lost
But you can have a seed phrase, which can be used to recover. But if this one is lost, you lost everything
@_date: 2019-04-12 09:31:00
In fact, it can be scary to remove the 3rd party as a trusted entity, such as the bank for this example  
We have been used to this, even if we have not a high level of transparency for their operations between A (which is your account) and B (which is the seller of a friend who will receive the money)
Starting with the principle that there is no trusted party between that, it adds up a level of responsibility. How can I be sure that my digital asset will be delivered?
Technically, it does, easy to understand. But my grandmother won't understand it.
That's why everyone shall be involved, not only developers but also authority, people who have an audience and trusted by those who follow him
With simple words based on this : no third party - security and integrity
Kinda like marketing stuff, I agree, but it can't be only a technical thing
@_date: 2019-04-12 09:44:11
I agree with you on this one.
Even if I truly believe the blockchain technology will solve many problems that we are facing, some may prefer the situation as it is
And that's ok.
But in your opinion, you can also see the bigger picture. Think of the 2.5 billion people that are not in this financial world, because they can't open a bank account (for X reasons).
Bitcoin opens up a new world for them, where they can participate and get rewarded: in money or services