@_author: arnirockar
@_date: 2015-06-24 05:48:28
So you are saying bitcoin might be ahead of the technology?
(storage, speed, data limit)
@_date: 2014-05-05 08:32:38
I would like to sponsor Gunnar Nelson since he is from iceland and majority of Icelandic people know who he is and that could be really great for the bitcoin comunity on reddit and in Iceland. He also hasn't lost a single fight
@_date: 2017-11-04 02:41:57
I never claimed that Capitalism is perfect. Capitalism has flaws but the pros outweigh the flaws. But to make the system better, balance is the key. That's where social programs come in. I'm fond of free education to give different people similar chance of doing great in life. But i dislike the idea of making us end equal.
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:11:20
Capitalism didn't start in the 17th century. It was described there by Adam Smith. You can look up people using currency (such as gold) few thousand years back. There are even records of stocks back in the 1500's. 
I'd argue that biggest change in human history is probably the industrial revolution.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:01:22
Capitalism is the reason why we have anything at all. Phones, cars, computers. Nothing would ever happen without capitalism. 
Even tho capitalism tends to divide people's wealth everyone is better off. Capitalism follow the evolution theory. Stronger survive.
Comparing Scandinavian countries to Venezuela is idiotic at the best. Scandinavian countries are capitalist but have some social programs. Which is not = Socialism.
@_date: 2016-10-26 12:25:54
Socialism and communism has been given more then enough tries. Just look at venuzuela(socialism)  and chile (capitalism) both went diffrent political direction except venuzuela has one of the most valuable land on the planet yet they are bankrupt. And chile gdp has been groving phenomenaly
@_date: 2016-10-26 02:18:54
Icelander here and a Bitcoin enthusiast. The Pirateparty really has nothing to do with Bitcoin. In my opinion this is a very dangerous party that will pretty much not get anything done at all. In the last 4 years they have only 50% response rate on political subjects. If you take a look at their political forum they are still debating issues from over a year ago.
They Plan to make citizen be able to take stance on every political subject which is a terrible idea for several reasons. 
 Nothing will ever get done. 
 There is a reason why we elect people to congress. So they can write new laws and change the existing laws as their full time job. The average Joe also does not have the time to read or take political stance on every subject. 
 Do they realise the expense of having national poll for every single subject? Electronic vote is a terrible idea for these [reasons](
I really don't understand why people want new parties to lead. With the last government we went from being the nation with highest debt per capita to one of the wealthiest.
Lastly most of the candidates for the pirateparty have not even finished high school.
They are in theory just a communist party.
@_date: 2016-10-26 12:15:52
Uhm financial crisis? Iceland actually made profit from the "crisis". Why?  Because threre were so many foreign investors and when the big banks failed the government founded new banks with alot of assests from the failed banks. Then what happened is that we realized that there were a lot of valuable assests in the failed banks and the government ended up with shares in multiple companies worth over few billion dollars. (Alot for this small country.)  This is all thanks to the emergency law passed 2008 by the same political party as in control now. If the banks were not private we would have gone bankrupt and that's what the left parties want such as the pirateparty want. 
If you look at our gdp it has grow a lot since 2009 and its actually a lot higher than displayed. Our currency isk has grown phenomenaly and its actually a lot cheaper than it should be because the central bank has purchased foreign currency for more than 30% of our gdp. 