@_author: aro2220
@_date: 2017-08-07 20:32:14
And I suppose you're the self proclaimed authority. I see I am in good company.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:53:08
Bitcoin is much faster! Even slow Bitcoin. Lol.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:35:05
From the way you are speaking to people I doubt you can make breakfast let alone your own functioning altcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:15:19
Credit cards could accept Bitcoin to pay for debt owed. And we can continue to use the current credit card system.
Not saying this is the best solution but it seems like a simple example where your general premise is wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-08 21:01:30
The cost, other than building and maintaining the structures, is that there are a limited number of sites and they are not all  equal in total power output.
So it's like, sure you can run Bitcoin miners on it for cheap... But you could have powered the local town for cheap instead.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:52:29
Or they become the government and rule over everything.
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:20:07
I don't think that if Bitcoin dies that no one will ever trust Crypto again. Not if it dies just out of competition and some other currency takes over. 
I think the real achilles heel is if you can find a flaw in the cryptography and basically break it so it becomes trivial to find all the private addresses or at least spoof them. 
If *THAT* happened, it might turn some heads.
But not if someone gets shot in the wild west of crypto.
@_date: 2017-08-22 06:22:35
I think he was making the point that with 1 MB blocks if you don't use Segwit Bitcoin will be practically unusable.
I mean, for typical transactions. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:24:12
Non-Segwit. 
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:56:16
Bitcoins place will be determined by whether the bilderbergs can find a way to take control of it in one way or another.
If they can then it will fold. If they can't and it continues to do what it is designed to do then it will become quite formidable.
Hence why I'm so against any measure of centralization no matter how small.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:12:18
I didn't get it. I have had cake with ice cream before so your general premise seems flawed. Also, the solution doesn't need to be complex. Complex solutions are usually a sign of a poor understanding of the problem/it's solution.
There are many ways to tackle the problem of credit and fast transactions. The unnecessary complication is to bake some  theoretical solution into Bitcoin so it cannot be separated later and may in fact cause Bitcoin to be more centrilized and thus less of a solution to the more pertinent problem.
There is no reason the solution cannot be simple and modular. No amount of statements about the availability of ice cream with cake make this any less true or realistic.
Using cliches doesn't strengthen a point. It just keeps you from thinking about the issue yourself to come to conclusions that, while popular, aren't necessarily true.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:28:50
Because this forum is run by propagandists that have been caught time and time again banning people who have legitimate alternative views (not shills)
They are even banning people who quote Satoshi if that Satoshi quote is against segwit.
It's clear that their argument for segwit borderlines insanity. But there will be no discussion of that here. 
And btc is alright but nobody from the other side goes there so both channels turn into an echo chamber.
Of course try posting something negative about btc on btc and you won't get banned outright. Here? I'll expect my ban soon. Not that I care. I've seen so much propaganda coming from here with a complete failure to discuss it openly and reasonably.
Taking transactions off chain and putting them into the hands of a private group of people who are connected to bilderbergs bankers that have everything to lose if Bitcoin accomplishes their goal.of a decentralized currency.
So segwit gets pushed and propagandized.
It's not that I don't get the point of segwit at all and can see no usefulness in it for other purposes.
It's that it requires centrilization of what is supposed to be a global currency.
Which, to be honest, we are have a centrilized system and I really have no desire to change banks if that's all you're offering.
The main argument I hear from segwitters is that increasing the block size will cause the block chain size to grow too fast for anyone but the richest people to afford running a node.
Of course this was already shown to be a non issue due to the natural scaling of technology that has been valid for the last few decades or so.
If, for some reason, the human race could no longer expect increases in our level of technology then yes I will say we need to find an alternative. 
But that's not the case. And banning everybody isn't going to make it the case.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:35:01
My concern with LN is a political one. Technically, I see nothing wrong with it. 
Unfortunately, we're talking about a new potential global currency. I mean...yes it has to 'work'. I mean, if I tried to make a currency with gold and every once in a while when I tried to hand a bar of gold to pay for something my hand froze in the ether and I had to wait a long time for them to be able to see what I'm handing them, yes that's a problem. 
But if you give the power of currency to anyone you will give them control over everything. I know no one, not even my favourite people in history, who I would give that level of authority to and not expect disaster.
Look at the current world. Look at all the wars. LOOK INTO THEM. It's all about money and power. Loaning to governments. Gambling. Usury. Stuff that the bible points out is evil and will cause a lot of trouble...well, it IS doing just that. So you can throw the bible out the window and call it rubbish all you like, or any other religious teaching, but the evidence is in our face from a different teacher -- the monkeys' way.
This is why this is SUCH a significant issue. 
Bitcoin's value, rather the blockchain protocol, is the ability to take anything centralized and make it decentralized. It's the most pure form of democracy I've ever seen. Highly fascinating. 
And also, incredibly pertinent to anyone who cares about the fate of the human race. So the value of Bitcoin is not just the ability to make transactions quickly online. We can already do that. 
The value of Bitcoin is to be able to make completely decentralized money that no one controls, but rather, EVERYONE. It is the human race. 
It's incredible. 
And unfortunately, the LN puts it back into a centralized structure. 
When the block rewards are finalized and we have all these lightning networks causing all the miners to get $0 for creating new blocks...and everybody stops mining except the people who own the LN because nobody else is making any money from keeping the structure of Bitcoin alive...
Then what do you think happens to decentralized money? It turns into centralized money and we are right back to today.
In which case my argument is quite simple. Why fix something that's not broken? If you really think this system we have right now is the better system then don't destroy it and rebuild it. Just leave it alone. It's as good as it's going to get because it's a system extremely vulnerable to corruption.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:50:57
Money is just a con. Gold and silver do have intrinsic value in that they can be used for other purposes and there is only so much of the stuff on Earth and so on...so it hits a lot of the requirements of money.
But money itself is a con. Whether we are talking about American notes or gold coins or the little numbers on your online banking or Bitcoin etc ... None of it does anything by itself. Can't eat it. Can't build with it. Can't research or invent with it.
It's just the confidence we have that when I accept some money from someone that I will be able to spend that to buy something I want. The function of money in trade is important and useful.
But money itself is a con. And we see examples of this in history. After ww1 the German mark lost confidence. Nobody would accept it. It became cheap firewood. And that's all money is. 
When the con ends, it becomes what it is. Firewood. Or in the digital era...nothing at all.
Belief and confidence. But hey, that's what all of society is structured on. We believe our neighbors won't kill us and we have confidence if they tried the police and courts would support us against them.even though this doesn't always happens ...sometimes our neighbors are bad people and sometimes the police don't do their job ... But still, people remain confident that this is what will happen and so they get out of their homes and go to work while leaving everything undefended because of our beliefs and our confidence.
I'm not sure there is anything more essential to know about money.
What's the value of something? It's whatever someone will pay for it. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:32:06
I can't see how the choice for segwit makes sense at all.
It just turns Bitcoin into every other fiat. May as well stick with those.
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:58:14
In my mind the real mystery is which coin will they support. Will they actually attempt to make their own coin?
Imagine a coin specific to your country which you can pay all taxes and fines in...rendering all other currencies as irrelevant. Oh sure you will likely keep most of your money in Bitcoin or whatever is the reigning champion simply because it is easier to transfer...but that would all depend.
This is important because it gives the country some ability to control their own economy. 
@_date: 2017-08-08 21:16:38
The only way Bitcoin works is if it is invincible to any attack we can throw at it. So unlike the way the government treated computer programmer (hackers) with an iron fist etc, the better way is to let them try. The sooner we know of a vulnerability the better.
I mean what if we get attacked by aliens. Don't you think they'll know how to hack? We need to figure out how to make systems more secure and if the largest organized intelligence history has ever met cannot break it then I think that is the level of due diligence we must have.
I was joking about the aliens but the point is that you never know who will be an enemy tomorrow. It is better to have a secure system to prevent future economic terrorism than to leave in a kill switch that could fall into the wrong hands.
@_date: 2017-05-21 21:13:16
There's plenty of coin in all the 700+ cryptocurrencies though...and who knows maybe btc will fork. Early days ...
It's akin to going into a casino looking at the roulette table thinking "maybe I should bet it all on 15 black" but you don't because that'd be irresponsible...but then it lands on 15 black and for the rest of your life you think "I had a real opportunity there!"
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:37:26
First of all, in order to determine value or any kind (intrinsic or otherwise) you first need a frame of reference. Gold does have an intrinsic value in the sense that it makes a good electrical connection, hence all the gold plated stuff in computers. Would gold have an intrinsic value to ants? Probably not. 
Depending on your frame of reference, yes many things have an intrinsic value. Assuming we are speaking about humans here...since we are both human (I think), then there are two sets of important factors and anything that can benefit those factors can be intrinsically valuable. 
There is the material and the spiritual. In the material world what has value is fitness. Fitness is defined as an individuals ability to reproduce. Anything that makes my life better or makes me more able to reproduce (and reproduce more, and successful offsprings) has an intrinsic value. So medicine, because it will keep me health, or my children healthy (or their children). Some technology...because it will allow us to make better use of resources so less can provide more with sustainability, etc. And so on...
If you think a little more abstractly (not that I don't think logic can solve everything, but simply because some things are beyond our ability to realize its logic), even paintings have an intrinsic value (though measuring that becomes a daunting task, and it would vary greatly depending on the moment in time). If I look at a painting, and it brings me some kind of stress relief (for example), that has a value...stress kills. Reducing stress is good. Simple as that.
When it comes to currencies, yes, even fiat has some kind of intrinsic value while there is confidence in it because it allows me to go to a store and buy a bag of groceries. This is much easier than trying to barter for those groceries with other, likely heavier, objects in my home. 
Spiritually, religious texts would have intrinsic value. And even money would have some intrinsic value since it would allow you to live long enough to learn your religion/spirituality, and perfect it bringing you whatever reward that may or may not exist in the hereafter. 
The point of contention in all of this is that ABSOLUTE intrinsic value is probably not a thing just like absolute speed is not a thing. Everything is in reference to something else. In addition, MEASURING intrinsic value is very difficult no matter what you look at since we have limited knowledge about things. In hind sight, we probably could measure it better but life must be lived forward. Some things are so complex, so wibbly wobbly that any hope of agreeing upon even a RANGE of potential 'intrinsic value' is pretty much impossible...hence why you brought up costumes/fancy clothes/etc. 
And I do believe that some things can have a negative intrinsic value...like music, (spectator) sports, entertainment, mainstream news media (propaganda) etc. These things, many times, actually weaken you. 
So I don't think the value of currency of any kind can be considered aesthetic. I suppose some old currencies do keep their value in the sense of antiques, history, etc...but I don't think current used currencies (gold, bitcoin, fiat, whatever) ONLY have that value. 
I think that while a currency exists as a currency it does have a natural, intrinsic value in that moment in time. I think that in another moment in time that pairing disappears. 
I don't think it makes sense to try to make a frame of reference something that exists throughout all of time and space because nothing has an absolute value here except for God, who isn't here, but beyond. Everything else just fizzles out and has no meaning...or at least as far as science tells us that is the inevitable conclusion of things from a perspective of all of time. 
So again, your frame of reference matters greatly when answering this question. I think it is not only meaningless, but far beyond our comprehension both now and in the future, to try and understand the value of things from the perspective of God (omniscience). 
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:10:31
Thank you for the response. I didn't exactly understand why you can't destroy block chain. I think I understand that you can't destroy it retroactively, but if a group dominated the vast majority of hashing power couldn't they start approving transactions that weren't legitimate? Or at least, undoing transactions they didn't agree with, or at the very least, just not allowing transactions they don't approve of to go through at all?
@_date: 2017-05-20 18:23:35
Isn't the big one decentralization, or the lack thereof in ETH compared to BTC?
@_date: 2017-05-21 23:42:47
It's more of a change of options than creating new software.
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:40:02
I can go to the casino and get a 100% return in one minute. Or not. It's really gambling when you are talking about a 30 day time period unless you are the one pumping and dumping the market. And I doubt you would be posting on Reddit if you controlled billions of dollars of bitcoins enough to do something like that.
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:43:39
Do you have a link to that defcon presentation? They're usually on Youtube. I would love to understand this better. 
I'm not sure I understand how this is even possible. 
Is it this? 
Because if so...this is talking about brainwallets...not just normal private/pub key pairs. Which means my point stands.
@_date: 2017-05-27 12:36:37
This brings an interesting problem with bitcoin...if people keep losing accounts, dying without transferring the coins, etc...then over time the entire pool of available bitcoins will vanish lol.
@_date: 2017-05-27 12:43:21
Probably the USD collapsing and the US turning into an actual police state (forget about what you see now). And basically the next holocaust occuring except not just in Germany but worldwide.
Also, it would require this to somehow not get bad enough to cause the NSA or whoever to hack everyone to pieces  and/or EMPs not to be used.
Honestly, it's a very interesting idea but it has a lot of vulnerabilities and a lot of very powerful enemies should it dare to try and get to that point.
@_date: 2017-05-21 19:55:48
I wish you loved me. 
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:16:46
Changing the language to virtue signal? What is reasonable about that? Women have not and will never be separate from "mankind". There is no mankind without both men and women. Women isn't a distinct word. It means "from man" and that is because of the biblical Adam and Eve which is what every English speaking country has believed and supported and built their country/empire/laws on.
What's reasonable about erasing history and making the most inclusive word into one that is petty and "patriarchal" - (whatever the fuck that even is) to further an agenda that is, if I'm being polite, the most ignorant argument I've heard in my life.
@_date: 2017-05-31 17:52:39
I said you are a gambler.
You said you made 50% return in 30 days.
I said you are a gambler. 
You said you are a gambler. 
Glad we finally agree. 
@_date: 2017-05-27 12:53:06
Well, if you talk to a nihilist then I suppose nothing at all has intrinsic value. But if you aren't drinking the kool-aid, then I think there are many things with value. And I think currency has a value...unless you plan on carrying a few thousand pounds of potatoes around whenever you want to purchase a car or something...in the hopes that the car dealer actually has a use for thousands upon thousands of pounds of potatoes.
No, currency has always been useful in trade. And gold backed currencies always do well because they are based on something that can't simply be printed out of thin air. 
Fiat currencies, however, always fail. 
Bitcoin is still closer to fiat than gold. The difference between gold and bitcoin is the laws of physics. It is technically possible, however unlikely, that the community will agree to raise the cap of the total amount of bitcoins out there. 
And while we can control the amount of gold that gets mined every year, it is not going to make a huge difference to the total amount of gold out there nor does it change the reality of how much gold exists in this world. 
But both are a far cry from the fiat currency which, as we've seen many times, can be a currency that literally dominates the world, and then within half a generation can be devalued almost entirely. 
The less people trust their government the more bitcoin will be attractive. 
But the less people trust their government the more likely the government is to distrust the people and push more and more draconian laws...outlawing bitcoin, or the use of computers, or fresh water. Or whatever. 
At this point I think it's too late for the vast majority of people to understand how bad things can get and why it's important to get off your ass and do something about it before it gets to this point. So now we're going to go down that rabbit hole and see just how terrible things can get. 
So will Bitcoin be valuable? I'm not sure. It's interesting but probably not. There are too many hacks floating around out there now that could see a good chunk of people who own bitcoin to get hacked and their accounts cleared out. All of the mining hardware has vulnerabilities too...if Stuxnet could target and knock out nuclear centrifuges...don't you think it could target Antminers or something? Or anybody running bitcoin mining software? You wake up the next day and your bios had been infected and shut the fans off, burnt out your chips and now what?
I don't think people understand just how vulnerable everything is to cyber warfare. And Bitcoin is nothing without computers. Even fiat has some ability to last (although who would accept a US note if the banking system has collapses). Gold and silver...maybe a bit more value...but at that point I think bullets would be more valuable than either. 
@_date: 2017-05-21 21:46:46
What can you do to mitigate this?
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:41:33
I guess the bet is whether or not the NSA or someone has figured out how to screw with bitcoin or SHA-256. If not, this could continue to go up even if it goes down for a bit. And if so, this could fall apart right to 0 and good luck getting a penny out.
If nothing else, user computers are super vulnerable. All this new money flooding into bitcoin is undoubtably from a lot of first time investors. It's likely they won't secure their private key properly, or be subjected to various keyloggers, trojans, worms, etc looking to find them...like a Stuxnet of bitcoin wallets. 
Next thing you know, half of bitcoin's users lose their shirts to some anonymous entity. That's also a possibility where bitcoin itself is sound but rather windows isn't. 
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:41:16
Really? Well then wouldn't it be amazing if someone found some of those accounts a thousand years from now when we were down to 1 bitcoin lol.
@_date: 2017-05-27 12:23:56
It's amazing watching this forum for the last week. Everyone circle jerking themselves when bitcoin was going into a bubble. And now everyone crying that the end is nigh. You people are gamblers, not investors. 
@_date: 2017-06-23 16:25:16
Depending on the system, greed can be good or evil. In a system where the way to attain wealth is by providing better products and services for people that are useful to them, greed is good. In a system where capitalism is short circuited by using money to hijack government regulations and create a monopoly or hide your illegal activities that give you a massive advantage, greed is bad.
Really, greed is not good. It's the service of others that is good. Greed is an inevitability to all life and so a system that harnesses greed towards good actions is, therefore, what is actually good.
@_date: 2017-06-25 13:29:34
Absolutely agree...and if you design the system in that way then the natural self-preservation (greed) of people can be used as a positive force. 
Even charity can be seen as greedy since we reward people who are charitable with everything from tax breaks to fame and respect. 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:51:54
If it comes to that you may be trying to catch a rat to have some dinner. 
@_date: 2017-06-23 16:22:29
You can if the world turns into hipsters.
@_date: 2017-06-10 13:59:38
You guys are both idiots. Both have functional value. Gold has other uses on top of that. Bitcoin can be transferred much much much more easily. Even if fees go up ten times they're still way cheaper than moving gold around.
And people fake gold coins too.
The idea of cryptocurrencies is also more significant than just Bitcoin. It's a proof of concept for decentralization. Not just in banking but everything. It shows that any system that can be built needing centralization can also be built decentralized just as effectively.
Whether Bitcoin or any other crypto is going to become a global currency ($45b is not global acceptance) will depend on not only the true security of the crypto but also a lot of politics.
A crypto backed by Gold would be valuable. Smaller cryptos backed by Bitcoin could then be created as a more versatile solution for micro transactions.
The point is there is a lot of potential in this technology and, frankly, unless you like shadow governments ruling mankind forever...probably necessary for the betterment of mankind.
Right now all eyes are on Bitcoin. But the history books may look at Bitcoin like it does on the Altair or any previous computer compared to what we use today.
@_date: 2017-06-10 13:46:12
Easy to say that now. Nobody that did is going to stand up and defend it anymore.
@_date: 2017-06-18 16:39:43
It depends on the nature of the crisis. Just trying to stay realistic here. At this moment I am a supporter of Bitcoin so we can be friends.
@_date: 2017-06-27 05:12:32
I think they take something new and creative, put their own spin on it (but they are rather foolish and boring) in a desire to be fawned over, and in doing so create something hideous. 
But the juxtaposition of the thing being both something new and interesting, and being tarnished by their bad taste makes it very difficult to explain why they are idiots. They continue to point at the original idea as being great and everyone else just can't see it, and everyone else has a hard time seeing past the ugly paint job they put on it.