@_author: aronhubbard
@_date: 2014-01-27 16:39:13
Well, a good professional accountant will usually talk with you for 30 minutes or so for free, and you should walk out of that with a good understanding of how they can help you and what there rates are going to be.  If not, keep talking to ones until you click with one.  Note that this is not the same as them telling you what you want to hear, because a good accountant certainly will not be doing that all of the time. 
I used to struggle with doing my own taxes, then bought the $100 turbotax to try to save money, which worked, then got the business edition that was $150+, and felt like I was moving backwards.  The reality is a professional isn't that much more expensive and the difference in quality is outstanding.  He went through my last 3 years of returns and got me more money back, which more than paid for his services. 
Your mileage may vary.  If you just have a W2 and a few bitcoins, don't sweat it, you could do a 1040 or EZ and do just fine.  As you pick up experience, life starts getting complicated, and your tax returns become more interesting.  :)  It's a shame we need a class of people to tell us what our fair obligation to our government is, but it's the system we're stuck with for now, and if you're not using one you're probably paying more than you should.
@_date: 2014-01-27 16:25:46
Get a better tax person.  I use a professional (he does my business taxes as well, but his personal return rates are reasonable if you have complex tax situations, and playing around with bitcoin, you probably do), and while he initially had no idea what the hell I was doing, I brought a few articles on Bitcoin that did a good job of explaining the basics, he did some additional research, and came back to the next meeting with three different opinions and strategies and walked me through the tax impacts and risks of each one.
I mean, if we're talking about a couple hundred dollars, the reality is nobody really cares.  As you start talking higher dollar figures both the odds that the IRS will care rise as well as the odds of you getting caught in an audit, so you should spend the money to see a real pro who is engaged with your situation and willing to learn new things.  I'd be surprised if there isn't guidance from the IRS in 2014, because thousands of people are asking their taxmen questions about BTC, and there is a lot of uncertainty and guesswork right now.
@_date: 2014-01-24 14:16:24
Just some additional info, this is their "donate" link, and the link to accept Bitcoins is at the bottom.  I'm not sure if they've integrated their shopping cart to accept them yet, if anyone has an account with them and can check that would be great.  I watched their latest track last night, "The Wizard of Oz" and they shouted out Bitcoins at the very end.  Bill said something along the lines of, "And we now accept Bitcoins!  No really, that's not a joke, we do!"