@_author: around_and_around
@_date: 2014-01-18 20:39:47
Amazon doesn't accept PayPal :)
@_date: 2013-12-30 02:46:16
I know this was not 100% serious, but Amazon does have money transmitting licenses in the US: 
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:52:37
It adds a very different step to the process.  Instead of being able to initiate a transfer when you're offline, there needs to be a step where the customer is given an address and is able to initiate the payment.   
There are similar steps in some markets, but none in the US or Europe.  There are legal, accounting, usability, and security concerns.   A company like Amazon would want to do it right and would take time to implement it.
They can do it, but it's not something that they could put together quickly.
@_date: 2013-07-30 14:11:01
It's not just that the request is reversible, but that the party originating the debit never actually knows for sure when the transaction was a success.   Coinbase sends the ACH debit request out, and if the customer doesn't have enough money in the account eventually they will get a reversal message - but if they do, they'll never hear anything from the bank.
They can know when /their/ bank will credit the money to them, but that doesn't stop the requester's bank from being slow in processing the request and eventually reversing the debit.   They basically have to wait until they're confident enough that the money that's in their account won't vanish for reasons other than fraud.
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:23:01
It will not likely happen - not in the US at least for quite a while.   Amazon has far better rates for card transactions than most merchants, so the potential savings (% per transaction) is not "that high"  (yes with volume it could add up).   
The real kicker is the way Amazon processes payments.   When you "buy" something on the site, the payment doesn't get processed until later.  -- after you're off the site.   To accept bitcoin, they would need to collect the money as part of the checkout - which they don't like to do in the name of customer experience.   Although most of the people in the subreddit would stick through the process, the abandon rate would likely be high enough to negate most of the savings they would get on processing fees.
(I know someone who used to work in their payments group)