@_author: art_chain
@_date: 2018-02-20 02:30:22
Right... you are describing the basic way a chain of ownership could be generated similar to ArtChain.info.  Now improve the idea as follows: 
1. Assign a master bitcoin address to each artist such that all art pieces must trace back to the artist bitcoin address.  That is, a chain of ownership must always start from the same address (the artists bitcoin address) by transferring bitcoin from the artists bitcoin address to each art piece address.  This way every art piece purported to be authentic must be assigned an art-piece bitcoin address that traces back to the artist bitcoin address.  It also means the artist can disseminate their master bitcoin address to the world. Their master bitcoin address becomes their master identifier (like an email address).  Only art pieces that link to the artist master bitcoin address are considered authentic.
2. Create a secondary database that stores the information about each art piece (e.g., image) together with the art piece bitcoin address so that there is an actual correlation between the art piece and the art-piece bitcoin address.
3. Create a website (ArtChain.info) that automatically generates the chain of ownership for each art piece so that the information can be displayed in a coherent format, while still being verifiable using the bitcoin blockchain.
Now you have something extremely useful.
@_date: 2018-02-20 01:46:08
"Signing into the bitcoin ledger" is essentially what other art authentication websites do. However, this does not enable buyers to transfer the ownership along a chain of ownership.  It merely proves that an owner of a bitcoin address signed a message recorded on the blockchain.  In other words... it creates a single entry chain of ownership.
@_date: 2018-02-20 01:30:06
ArtChain.info uses the bitcoin blockchain in it's purest form to allow everyone to verify what is happening with the chain of ownership. This is the whole point of the bitcoin blockchain.  It is completely open and free for everyone to explore. There is no "wallet app" obfuscating any details of what is pure and simple. It won't be long before everyone is able to explore the bitcoin blockchain using, for example, blockchain.info. When a collector views an art piece, they will know what the chain of ownership means... and how it links back to the artist master bitcoin address... as displayed in ArtChain.info and as verified by blockchain.info.
@_date: 2018-02-20 01:59:58
Can you explain the chain of ownership? Beyond essentially recording a hash value with a BTC transaction? Can you explain how the ownership would be transferred from buyer to buyer... and reflected (proven) in the blockchain?
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:06:06
Good question. It is possible that the current owner may sell a fake and keep the original for himself. The odds of this happening are extremely low. Why? 1. the current owner can only sell one fake piece; and 2. the authentic piece would no longer be in the chain of ownership. Further, collectors that buy high end art pieces are not criminals. Criminals are interested in selling tens or even hundreds of fake pieces. This is the main problem with fake art today. The hundreds of fake art pieces sold from say China ala Alibaba. The Alec Monopoly piece on ArtChain.info is worth $50,000. There are hundreds of fake Alec Monopolies for sale on Google shopping and eBay for much less. The Alec Monopoly registered on ArtChain.info is held by a high end collector.  It is an authentic Alec Monopoly because Alec Monopoly registered the piece himself on ArtChain.info. The current owner of the Alec Monopoly can prove he owns it because he can prove he controls the current owner address. Compared to a paper certificate of authenticity, which can be duplicated hundreds of times over, the bitcoin blockchain registration is 1,000 times more valuable. Which would you rather have?
@_date: 2018-02-20 00:53:08
ArtChain.info uses the Bitcoin Blockchain to track the ownership of high-end art pieces (i.e., for art authentication).  Each artist is assigned a master Bitcoin Address which is then linked to an art piece created by an artist by transferring bitcoin from the artist address to the art-piece address.  When the art piece is sold, the balance of the art-piece address is transferred to the first owner address, thereby updating the chain of ownership.  When the first owner sells to a second owner, again the entire balance of bitcoin is transferred to the second owner which updates the chain of ownership on ArtChain.info.  The current owner of the art piece can prove the piece is authentic because they can prove they are in control of the current owner bitcoin address.  This effectively eliminates the possibility the current owner is selling a fake art piece.  Here is an example chain of ownership for an art piece created by artist Walfrido Garcia:
ArtChain.info is currently tracking ownership of several art pieces from some of today's most popular contemporary artists, including Alec Monopoly, Deborah Azzopardi, Robert Bissell, Alexei Butirskiy, Walfrido Garcia, Dillon Boy, Cheryl Kelley and many others. The value of the art pieces currently registered on ArtChain.info is over $500,000.
Galleries can also register art pieces from the classic artists, such as Salvador Dali, so the chain of ownership links back to, and inherits the reputation of, a respected art gallery.  This enables a collector to prove beyond doubt that a classic art piece was purchased from a reputable art gallery, as well as enable the collector to transfer this proof of authenticity to a new buyer.
The artist master bitcoin address is published on the artists website, thereby validating the registration on ArtChain.info.  In other words, the artist bitcoin address published on ArtChain.info matches the bitcoin address published on the artists website, thereby validating the artist's registration on ArtChain.info.  Here is an example webpage published by artist Deborah Azzopardi showing her published ArtChain.info bitcoin address:
As you can see... this is an ongoing... real... actual use of the bitcoin blockchain.  This is not some "whitepaper plus roadmap" scam attempting to launch an ICO backed by a fake business concept.
Several of the art pieces registered on ArtChain.info are currently listed for sale on BitcoinGallery.com.  If you click on the "current owner" address in the chain of ownership shown on ArtChain.info, the BitcoinGallery.com page listing the art piece for sale is displayed.
Another possibility is for an art collector to link their current owner address to their website or facebook page in order to catalog the art pieces owned by the collector.
In all cases, only the current owner is able to link the current owner address to a webpage because only the current owner has control over the current owner bitcoin address (which is displayed as the last link in the chain of ownership on ArtChain.info).
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:18:19
Please see the above comment about how the main point of ArtChain.info is to circumvent the main problem with high end art by preventing the mass production of fakes, such as the hundreds of fake Alec Monopolies sold on Google shopping and eBay. When a subsequent buyer buys a piece from a current owner (collector), the odds are extremely high that the collector is not a criminal and is holding the authentic art piece. Think of it this way. The ArtChain.info registration acts like a paper certificate of authenticity THAT CANNOT BE FORGED.  What would you rather have? A paper certificate of authenticity... or registration on the bitcoin blockchain... it's that simple. There is nothing physically added to any art piece (just like there is nothing physically added with a paper COA). A "past art piece" can be registered by an artist or gallery (just like a paper COA), as long as the artist or gallery is comfortable they are registering an authentic piece. Again... ArtChain.info replaces the paper COA with a digital COA that cannot be forged due to the power of the bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2018-02-20 02:37:50
Right on. You seem to understand and appreciate our project. Send me an ERC20 wallet address and I will send you some ARTC token.
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:12:01
The art-piece address is generated and assigned by the artist (or gallery) when the art-piece is registered on ArtChain.info. This "attribution" is recorded in the ArtChain.info database, and can also be recorded by the artist. Even if the ArtChain.info database were hacked, the modification to the database will be detected and rewound. And even if the ArtChain.info database could be hacked, there is very little a hacker could do because the hacker can never get the private keys associated with each art piece.  The private keys are held by the current owners (the collectors).