@_author: arthur_dayne
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:22:44
Agnostic on Bitcoin itself, but I want to address a few ideas from your second link:
1.  It is far from clear that inflation hurts the poor.  You can look to the "free silver" movement as a clear example of when the poor were actively pushing for very inflationary policies.  Why?  Because inflation reduces the cost of their debt.  *Creditors* are the ones who hate inflation, not *debtors*.
2.  Deflation encourages lending but discourages borrowing.  It's  not clear that this means it "encourages saving".  It certainly penalizes things like taking out mortgages and car loans and student loans.  It's not the richest among us who are doing this
3.  As it stands, Bitcoin is only safer from "street theft" than money in a bank by virtue of it being more obscure and less tangible - if you get mugged and your ATM card gets stolen, you have recourse to recover the money withdrawn.  If you get mugged and your private key gets stolen, you don't have any such recourse.
4.  "Charitable donations can be sent directly to those in need" is a red herring - any organization that accepts bitcoins will also happily accept a check or a wire transfer - all they're doing is converting the bitcoins into USD anyways.
5.  Bitcoin wallets can totally be garnished [without your consent](  Cryptographic security is not the solution to state-level coercion.
6.  His statement 'Bitcoin generates wealth' can be divided into two halves: the first is him just noting that the price of bitcoins in USD has risen since its inception.  The second is just a natural consequence of bitcoin being deflationary - of COURSE if something's deflationary, holding onto it means it appreciates in value.
7.  Remember: money has multiple purposes - it's a medium of exchange, a store of value, a standard of debt, and a unit of account.  The argument here seems to be that poor people will benefit from bitcoin as a store of value. But poor people are actually the ones with the LEAST wealth "stored".  The poor people are also the ones who will be using bitcoin primarily as a standard of debt, which means that they'll actually be hit by the deflationary aspects in a *negative* way.  Remember - deflation hurts debtors and helps creditors, as well as discouraging borrowing.
@_date: 2013-06-15 13:48:49
