@_author: arthurnakamoto
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:07:04
I authorize to answer any questions on my behalf or in my absence. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:56:29
I will confirm that Japanese was the first language of all of the brothers and the mother. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:07:31
Mis-quoting and blatant lies are unfortunately the journalistic world that exist today. I am just a humble handsome Asian man who is confused as to how a female asshole can become transferred onto my brother's rear end. But I saw with my own eyes from released video that there is a surgeon operating without an ethical or moral license to do exactly that.
I and my immediate family were frightened due to obvious safety concerns, angered by our privacy being invaded and highly concerned over a gentle man trying, trying to recover from his life threatening health concerns. He was so private that he did not tell me when he was going through his health threats, only told me quietly when I visited the house in Temple City to take our mother for lunch. And I am his blood brother.
I recall as a child that I looked up to Dorian who I believe is many times smarter than I am. He taught me at a toddler, protected me from harm and shared with me Manga, Japanese comic books and made up fantastic stories til I fell asleep. I am forever indebted to him in saving my life when I was 9 years old.  I called the writer an asshole and told her to leave my brother alone but the whole world did not read that. Dorian can be stubborn and be an ass but then I am telling the whole world right here and now that I and 2 other people in the whole world can say that to him and we are forgiven by him. He can call me that too and has and maybe an idiot, but you know, he was probably right. How dare Leah demean and endanger my brother's health and safety and the safety of an 93 year old lady, our mother. Who is going to be responsible in their safety, her? I place her and Newsweek and all news organizations who joined in to be held responsible for their blatant and open carelessness.
I understand that I will be mis-quoted and that I will be made out to be the brother who is the asshole remark guy. What I wanted to do is to plead to allow Dorian to live whatever life he has left to live it in dignity, peace and in private. To let him play with his trains and obsess over  being treated to free lunches that he craves for some reason since his stroke.  What's a real bitch (I am welling with tears right now) is that I cannot physically go to to see him and my mother to be of family support or call for fear of my immediate family being in physical danger.  
@_date: 2014-03-08 22:19:30
Included with all of their irresponsible actions, Newsweek had decided to post my workplace. Posted is my business card. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 21:57:01
This was me, Dorian, and yesterday. Every decision is a joint decision, and Dorian always has a final say. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:27:43
Via who browses reddit daily. 