@_author: aruzz
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:01:07
The Bitcoin is transferred via Bitpay which immediately sells it to USD. Ohio only ever sees USD. Bitcoin is not settling anything
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:24:13
Bitcoin is not a currency. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:07:02
You would need to report any gains you make on Bitpay selling them for USD.
If you bought them for $1000, and Bitpay got $1200 for them, you need to report $200 capital gains (short or long term depending on how long you held the coin) on your taxes. There no skipping out in capital gains tax cause a third party sold your asset for you. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:58:05
Nothing is getting paid by Bitcoin. It goes to Bitpay gets converted to USD and Ohio is paid in USD.
Ridiculous articles like this are one reason no one takes Bitcoin seriously. It's high school sophmore levels of solipsism. "Hey man, I just bought a new TV with time! Yeah I spent time at a job, they paid me money, and I bought the TV with money. I'm a time broker now!"
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:02:27
Guy on Twitter: "Hey guys I sold an old TV and then paid my taxes with the money"
Idiot websites like this one: "Man pays taxes with a TV"
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:47:48
If everyone sells you all the bitcoins, it's because no one wants them. When no one wants them they are worth $0. 
I mean someone could probably scoop up all the Paycents, Kimocoins, Coinye West's or any other of the hoardes of dead coins out there and they would still be worth $0
@_date: 2018-11-26 03:38:22


An MLM scheme involves a people making money by recruiting other people, who pay a kickback up to then. They then recruit other people, who pay a kickback to the first people, who pay a kickback to the top person, and so on. There is always some nominal product or service. Bitcoin shares none of those features so I would not call it an MLM scam. 
Bitcoins value isn't based on any underlying economic utility. It is not a currency, it generates no interest, dividends, tax advantage, or value. The only thing driving it's price is the narrative that it will increase in value. This brings in new suckers, which drives the price up more, who preach the narrative, which brings in more suckers, until the original buyer unloads his holdings, runs away with the money, and the suckers are left with worthless Bitcoins. Who then, realizing they've been scammed, try to get the cycle going again by telling everyone how great Bitcoin is and fiat is evil and all the other BS around the asset, to try and pump the price, so they can dump it. 
This was done in the pre SEC 1920's with stocks all the time. Many robber barrons made their fortunes this way. Th SEC was created to keep people from being fleeced again. Thats why when Bitcoin came out, as a completely 100% unregulated asset by design, it was so quickly descended upon by pump and dump scammers. It's the perfect instrument to facilitate the scam. 
Long term, Bitcoin may retain some value as a novelty collectible, honestly I think there are just to many of them to make it a lot of $$ though. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:11:25
A shellfish is not a fish. A cryptocurrency is not a currency.
Bitcoin is not a currency as currencies are issued by governments. You are trying to abstract the idea of barter to mean that anything anyone accepts for anything can be considered a currency. That's not accurate. 


I know exactly what a collectible is. And as someone who formerly collected and traded MTG cards, you are incorrect that collectibles are not a medium of exchange. In fact, I did the exact same thing with my MTG cards that a person can do with Bitcoin: I sold them for USD and used the USD to buy something. So by your definition MTG cards are a currency, which it is not. 
Sorry man, but changing the definition of what a currency is, or saying "no one else understands economics but me", doesn't make it so. Bitcoin is not a currency, and a currency is not defined as "anything anyone can accept as payment". You are confusing the economic ideas of assets and currencies. 
Either way I feel this discussion has kind of reached it course, when you change definitions to match your belief, there's no real talking points left anymore since we have move away from facts and towards ideology. Nice chatting with you. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 16:34:46
Which has what to do with anything? 
@_date: 2018-11-26 02:49:48


They did indeed. But the space they grew wasn't adoption of any technology. It was "wow some people got rich quick off this I want to make money without working for it just like them!" Thats what pump and dump scammers do. They preach the virtue of the asset, tell everyone it's the "future of currency", make up absurd claims against the "enemy" (fiat currencies), make outlandish future price claims (I think they one guy is STILL shilling a $15k a coin by end of this year prediction), and do everything they can to convince new "investors" to buy in. This increases demand, which inflates the price, the scammers dump the worthless asset on the fleeced, and run away laughing with the money. 


So losing their money is going to free them from student debt. OK. this is just regurgitating the lie being told to prop up Bitcoins price. Nothing to do with the technology. Nothing to do with transaction times, with decentralized record keeping, verification, or anything to do with any of the actual applications of blockchain technology. Just "LOL BuY BiTcOiN ItS GoInG To 100k ImMa Be RiCh GiMmE mY LaMbo FuCk GeTtInG A jOb ImMa "InVeStOr" NoW" bullshit. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 17:56:18
Because tech stock prices are back ked by actual tech company profits. Anyone comparing shares of a for profit company with a collectible like Bitcoin lacks the basic understanding to discuss either intelligently. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 17:46:26


Correct, you can invest in currencies and they are valued differently than stocks. The driver of the value of a currency is the economic policy and overall economic well being of the issuer. The US Dollar is worth more than the Venezuelan Bolivar due to the US's economic policies and GDP vs Venezeuela's. Bitcoin itself is not issued by anything, that's one of it's features, so it is not a currency. 
Here's the difference: A currency has value because an authority SAYS it has value. A non currency has value because people BELIEVE it has value. If I decide a US dollar is worthless, that doesn't make it so, because the US government say it has value. It is backed by them. If I decide a Bitcoin is worthless, no one can challenge that. Personally I wouldn't pay 1 penny for a Bitcoin. It is a worthless asset to me. Someone else may say it's worth $10k. But that's an entirely subjective opinion not backed by anything. That's not a currency. That's a collectible. It's worth what they viewer states it is worth, backed by no actual economic activity or utility. No different than art, a comic book, a Pog, etc. 
I would go so far to say that when you trade someone a Bitcoin for something, thats closer to being a barter vs a purchase. 


You answered your own question. Dollars have value cause the US government says it does. I'm not going to get into the sociopolitical ideologies behind whether that is a good or bad thing, that's a different topic altogether. I personally feel that any sufficiently advanced economy requires a centrally managed currency in order to provide buyers and sellers a level of trust that what they are accepting as currency today will have value tommorow). While the anarcho-capitalism argument might be an interesting thought experiement/discussion, it doesn't imbue value in Bitcoin. 


Correct. If the US government decided to abandon the dollar and adopt Bitcoin as the currency of the US, then Bitcoin would be a currency. If that happened, Bitcoin would just become fiat, since the government would by necessity have to own all methods of producing Bitcoin in order to actually control the monetary supply. If not, people could just make their own money causing a massive deflationary spiral that  would render the currency worthless. Unregulated markets don't work as currencies. 


You don't need Bitcoin to trade with people, so it doesn't "enable" trade. Bitcoin would need to provide some utility or value to be accepted as barter by people. To date, the only utility Bitcoin offers is the ability to anonymously transact in illicit goods, so I will acknowledge that as utility that Bitcoin offers, but personally I wouldn't invest in that
@_date: 2018-11-26 16:32:02


Correct. People have been making bad stock investments based on past performance for ages. The difference here is stocks are (usually) priced in relation to the profits of the company, so they are backed by actual economic value. The stocks that AREN'T based on that aren't really stocks, they are just scams masquerading as stocks to try and appear legitimate. 


If those high beta stocks are priced in relation to revenue being generated, then they have economic value. If they are priced based on belief, hope, or promises, they aren't stocks, they are just scams masquerading as stocks. 


That is incorrect. Utility is a defined concept in microeconomics. 


Sure. But that satisfaction is not based on receiving any utility from the Bitcoin. It cannot meet a need. You can't eat it, wear it, or sleep on it. It may have desirability, but not utility. That's what makes it a collectible. 


Bitcoin doesn't enable online transactions. I buy things on Amazon every day. Never needed a Bitcoin to do it. 
The one advantage I have seen that Bitcoin offers is the ability to purchase illegal goods. So yeah, I guess there is some actual utility there, but personally "the ability to act as a way to break the law" isn't a utility I would see as being investable. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:46:57
Yes, AAPL and AMZN are bargains at the moment. 
Bitcoin has lost investors around $700 billion over the last year. Not a good investment. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:31:18
That is incorrect. If Bitpay receives your BTC, and then there's some glitch and Ohio never receives the money, they will not consider your taxes paid. Bitpay is not a government entity and cannot declare a public debt paid.
This is no different than selling any asset and paying taxes with the proceeds. You are not paying taxes with the asset. You are liquidating the asset and then paying the debt. Thats why Ohio doesn't accept TV's, furniture, cars, clothes, or other things as ways to pay a debt. If only accepts that little piece of paper that says it is legal for all debts, public and private. Thats what makes it a currency. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 02:52:00


LOL. Branding matters, in a currency? You just basically said "Bitcoins value is based on how well it is marketed". Sounds legit
@_date: 2018-11-27 16:37:12
No, a currency has a specific economic definition. It's not "anything that can be accepted in a trade".
When you need to expand a definition of currency to be basically anything in order for Bitcoin to qualify, it's not a currency
I just gave my buddy a weight bench I wasn't using to help me with some housework. Are weight benches currency now?
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:50:26
Bitcoin isn't a ponzi scheme, or a pyramid scheme. 
A ponzi scheme takes money in from new investors to provide returns to existing investors. There is no trading going on 
A pyramid scheme involves a person recruiting new investors below them, and skimming a % of their profit for themselves. That investor then gets investors below him, he skims a % of their profits for themselves. Again, the price of anything being sold/traded isn't where the money comes from. 
Bitcoin is a pump and dump scam.  It involves artificially inflating the price of an asset through false and misleading positive statements, in order to sell the cheaply purchased asset at a higher price to new investors. Once the operators of the scheme "dump"/sell the overvalued asset, the price falls and investors lose their money.
Know your scams, people. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:44:40
From 


@_date: 2018-11-26 00:58:17


I don't think Bitcoin was invented as a scam. I believe the whitepaper and ideas behind blockchain and crypto's were the result of research and ideas around distributed computing. 
It was quickly co-opted by scammers once it started to be traded for money. Any unregulated market that reaches a sufficient size will eventually be taken over by market manipulators and used to scam people. It's human nature. 
Perhaps I didn't make that clear. As an "idea", Bitcoin has no agenda, it's just an implementation of a technology. The value of a Bitcoin, however, was co-opted and is now based on market manipulation and pump and dump scammers preying on FOMO suckers.


I'm actually a co-project manager on implementing a proof of concept block chain test pilot in my company right now for verification of distribution networks. 
 Crypto's are there to give people a "reason" to validate blockchain transactions. They are unnecessary for blockchain projects that validate using their own resources. You don't need crypto currencies to have a blockchain dude. Looks lie you are the one who doesn't get how this all works. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 21:00:26
Common sense. If the Ohio IRS never get their money, you think they'll be OK with that? 
Bitcoin is not legal tender for any debt, public or private. USD is. If Ohio never receives the USD, then the tax debt is not paid. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:59:05
No income was generated buy buying BTC or selling it 
If you sold the BTC for more than you paid for it you still owe taxes on the capital gains.
There is no tax advantage here (or anywhere) with Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:15:06
No it's not. I can send electronic payments anywhere in the world today. Far faster and cheaper that BTC. And the recipent can actually use the funds. And the funds won't lose 20% value in a week.
Bitcoin is a collectible. Pure and simple. It has zero economic value, it is worth exactly what someone will pay for one, no more no less. It is not a currency, it generates no income, no dividend, it is not backed by any product or service that makes money. It is literally thin air with a vague idology wrapped around it. 
Does that mean you can't make money off it? Of course not plenty of collectibles make money. Most lose massive value. For every rare  book edition found at a garage sale or old Rembrandt found in the garage,  there are millions of people holding  onto worthless Garbage Pail kids and other failed collectibles. That's  why I never invest in the asset class, and honestly, even if I did, Bitcoin would be near the bottom of my list, but that's just me. 
Your political views of Facebook notwithstanding, they make money. A shitload of money. That's what gives it's stock value  it's a share of a company that actually generates income/economic activity. Your "nothing remarkable" comment is off, something doesn't have to be remarkable to make money. Johnson and Johnson make toilet paper and toothpaste, neither are remarkable, yet the company has revenues if 1.3 billion a year
@_date: 2018-11-27 17:02:46
Not funny, it's sad. People work hard for their money and to be preyed upon by pump and dump scammers lying about psuedo anarcho capitalist nonsense and empty get rich quick promises in order to rip them off is heartbreaking. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:15:16
After Charles Ponzi was exposed as a fraud in 1920, and was sent to prison. people were STILL Sending them their money because they believed he would make them rich. People are very, very attached to the the idea of making money without working for it, and it also takes a very large amount of emotional maturity and rationality to admit you were wrong about something you believed in. 


It's not a currency in any sense of the word. At best it's what economists call a "store of value", something that cannot be spent, but can be used to store and grow value before being transformed back into a currency by the act of selling
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:04:43
Of course it's not irrational. Bitcoins price was wholly derived by two factors:
1 - Market manipulating scammers orchestrating yet another pump and dump scheme to rip off suckers
2 - FOMO suckers
When either of those capitulate, the price of the object plummets. Bitcoin, Comic Books, Pogs, etc
@_date: 2018-11-26 00:38:24


There are no reasons. A bitcoin has no value, and is not a store of value, so slinging Bitcoins around doesn't accomplish anything. Go to  Everything listed there can do the exact same Bitcoin can. But they are all at $0 and Bitcoin is still worth $4k?


So? 


It is a worthless idea that was co-opted as scammers, preying on peoples greed to promise them money without working for it. It has zero economic value. They leverage conspiracy theory-esque mythologies like " Fiat is a scam." which work by preying on the ignorance of others. It's really sad to see people getting scammed defending the scam that is ripping them off, but I guess that's the world we live in now. 


It's not surprising that people who preach delusions are comfortable making things up, wholesale changing definitions, and outright lying to try and defend their beliefs, all because they are to ashamed to admit what everyone else already knows: The got scammed. It's like those articles about elderly people in 2018 who still send their entire net worth to scammers masquerading as Nigerian princes. 
The sociological phenomenon around Bitcoin is truly interesting, I will give it that. My personal hope is that the magnitude of the Bitcoin scam will finally spur the adoption of actual personal finance education in school curriculum's. Scammers prey on ignorance and the Bitcoin world offered up an unending supply. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 02:57:35
Its a false title used to make a misleading claim in order to push an agenda. It's bullshit when Fox News does it, it's bullshit here
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:42:09


That's neither here nor there. We are talking about how currencies work in the current world. But, to that point, there's a reason we moved away from seashells and goat horns. 


That doesn't mean USD isn't a currency. 


OK. Go to a store, tell them you value $1 as $50, and try to buy a $50 item with $1. Let me know how it works out for you. 
You seem to have taken this oddball track of "Well, if I just redefine the meaning of the word "currency", I can call Bitcoin a currency!" which is a solipsism. 
Bitcoin is not a currency by the definition the rest of the world uses. If you want to hold a different, personal view of what defines a currency, go right ahead, but that doesn't mean the world is going to agree with you. By every modern definition and interpretation economics has given us, Bitcoin is a collectible. Not a currency. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 17:02:07
Not funny, it's sad. People work hard for there money and to be lreyed upon by pump and dump scammers lying about psuedo anarchco capitalist nonsense in order to rip them off is heartbreaking. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 15:10:50


Sure it does. If a public company makes $100 a year in profit, and has 4 shares available in the open market, those shares has a base value of at least $25, since they represent 1/4th ownership in a company that's has $100 in profit. That's how stock prices are determined, they are based on multiples of the share price related to earnings. This is called a P/E ratio. Companies that have higher P/E's are priced that way because investors think the company will make more money in the future, so the existing shares will be worth more. In the previous example, say that company that makes $100 a year is about to come out with a new product that is projected to make the company an additional $100 a year, bringing their total to $200 a year. Each of the 4 outstanding shares would then have a book value of $50. So investors will pay more than the $25 they are worth now because they expect them to be worth $50 in the future. 


You are correct. Art is a collectible, the same asset class as a Bitcoin. I never said collectibles cannot have value. Of course they can. But their value is not derived from any underlying economic value. Just the emotional attachment a purchaser has for the item. 


They offer utility. In economic terms, utility is a measure of how a product or good performs a task or service. Chairs allow a person to sit. Since sitting is something people want to do, and they need a chair to do it, people will pay money to gain the utility the chair offers. Same with a pen. 


Correct, they have an emotional attachment to Bitcoin, like any other collectible. That's where the value lies, since bitcoin offers no economic value (it doesn't sell a good/service and generate profit, so you can't derive it's value from that, and it offers no utility, so you can't derive it's value from that)
Historically collectibles overall are a pretty shitty asset class to invest in, sure there are plenty of stories about the collectibles that reach insane values, but for every one of those stories there are thousands of unreported stories of other collectibles going to zero. But the asset class is very popular because it touches on a very base desire of people, the desire to make money without working for it. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 16:54:44
Every single one of those could do the same thing. Obviously there's not a big need for this since they are all dead now


This is just ideology being used to try and give Bitcoin some kind of economic legitimacy. It doesn't work. Barrons said it best:






Now, can you invest/speculate on assets with no underlying economic value? Sure. Since Bitcoin’s peak, investors have lost nearly $700 billion. That's not a sound investment to make. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 00:00:47
Oh true believers. I'll decide to find your ignorance "charming".  Maybe someday when you graduate high school you'll take a macroeconomics class and have a good chuckle at your previous ideas about Bitcoin. Until then I hope you wise up and salvage some $$ before Bitcoin dissappers into the annals of scan history. Maybe by then you'll learn what's dividend is! Lol. Pardom me while I go wait for my payment to a manufacturer in China that happened in seconds clears since it apparently takes "months" now. This is next level cognitive dissonance 
Look, I understand, it must be hard to realized you've been duped and scammed and just lost a bunch of money. I get it. But doubling down on stupidity to try and make yourself feel better? Bold strategy Cotton. 
 has a whole list of digital objects that could be used to transfer $$ anywhere. Didn't do much good to them. Because made up digital objects don't have value. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 03:41:34


I don't want to see anyone lose money, ever. People work hard for their money. It absolutely sucks to see people preyed upon and stolen from by scammers. It kills me when I see these people still getting suckered as their losses mount, still being fed BS to keep them hodl'ing and losing more and more. It's just really, really sad. Scammers prey on desperate people, and thats why markets need to be regulated. 


10k? 20k? It's going to $0. It has no value outside of a collectible, and there are millions of them, so I don't see it being all that valuable as a collectible over the long term. 


Amazon generates actual economic value for investors (in the form of revenue based on sales). Bitcoin doesn't. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 16:01:07


Belief they can make money without working for it. Same reason a lot of people invest in collectibles. It's a proven fact that people HAVE made millions off Bitcoin. That's a powerful endorsement. 


There are companies that sell collectibles, and in fact they are viewed as far riskier investment specifically because of that. Their bond issues have to give double digit returns to find buyers, and their stocks can be extremely volatile.
But even in that case the company still has hard assets. Desks, computers, buildings, etc that are worth something, giving it a book value. And if the company does make a collectible, and it isn't popular, the company goes bankrupt and it's stock is worth $0.


A pen allows you to write, so it has actual utility. Art and bitcoins are both collectibles, neither has utility. 


It can have value to a person, but that value is not based on economic utility. Collectibles aren't valued like that. 


Economic utility has a specific definition, it is the measure of a things ability to be useful, profitable, or beneficial. What you are describing is desirable, which is an emotional metric, not an economic ones
@_date: 2018-11-27 16:35:41
So Bitcoin is the future of currency cause of passion. Sure
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:51:46


Thats not a currency, that's an asset. Bitcoin folks REALLY love to mix those two terms up. Something accepted in a trade is not a currency. You can try to redefine currency if you want, but don't expect a lot of traction. 


There's no value there. Crypto exists to give miners a "reason" to validate blockchain transactions. As you can see by reality, blockchain technology is being adopted in the private sector. Where no incentive is needed. 
I am co project manager of a new blockchain based proof of concept system designed to validate distribution networks. No cryptocurrency is needed (or exists) in the project. 
Bitcoin hangs it's value claim on the entire planet dropping all forms of commerce and moving en masse to blockchain,. which hasn't happen and never will happen. In the mean time scammers and market manipulators piled in cause it was such an easy too to fleece people with. 
@_date: 2018-11-27 16:52:57
Companies are backed by profit. Bitcoin is backed by nothing. That's what makes one an investment and the other not. There is nothing preventing Bitcoin going to $0. Period.
Keep on HoDL'ing to $0. I'm sure your faith will be rewarded
It was a shitty thing to speculate on driven by scammer preying on fomo suckers. It has no value, period
@_date: 2018-11-25 22:39:08
There's no downside to using a middleman to transfer funds. That's why it's been down that way forever. And I can PayPal money to Cuba right now lol. You are trying to invent a value proposition where there is none. 
Bitcoins price is not "earned" by anything other than what someone is willing to pay. And people are only willing to pay because they think it will be worth more USD in the future. That's a collectible
It's like the perfect scam object to use on millennials. Millennials grew up during the emergence of "digital" so they intrinsically believe anything digital is good and to be trusted. They also make less money than previous generations, are less educated about personal finances than earlier generations, and  carry massively more debt that previous generations. 
Pump and Dump scammers saw Bitcoin and were like "Wait, a digital object that can appear to create value out of thin air without working for it that is totally unregulated? And an entire generation dying to make free money cause  they make less and owe more? And they haven't been taught how to identify scams masquerading as an "investment"? There is a God!"
That's all Bitcoins value is. It's the equilibrium of what a FOMO sucker thinks is a good deal that will make him free money, and a scammer selling to that sucker. Nothing more
I truly believe Bitcoin will go down in history as the medium responsible for on of the largest acts of fraud the world has ever seen. Sociologists and Economists in academia will be studying this for ages. And entire asset invented out of thin air used exclusively to rip people off while playing them with a Jonestown-esque belief system keeping the wool over their eyes while they continue to be fleeced. It is a big area of emerging study I see coming that hopefully will be used to create checks and balances designed to protect future generations. 
Edit: Sorry but downvoting me isn't bringing your money back. You got scammed my dudes. Don't double down on stupidity to try and soothe a bruised ego
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:43:46
Facebook actually makes money. That's what gives stocks value
Bitcoin does not make money. It generates no interest. It confers no tax advantage. It has no utility. It has an economic value of zero. It is a collectible with a small dash of technology idolism. 100% of it's value is derived from what someone will pay for it. The question is will it end up being Action Comic  or a pog
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:29:43
That's not how the Ohio Internal Revenue Service will see it. You will need to pay them and deal with Bitpay yourself. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 21:52:18
The number of people impacted then vs today are not comparable. The dollar loss then vs now is not comparable. 
