@_author: arv1e
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:01:53
I would like to share with you a thought regarding adoption and you decide. Let us consider one well educated reasonably well off American (could be any country) with no specialist interest in digital currency compared with a low paid mexican immigrant.
Let us now make an assumption that bitcoin is on the adoption path. Which individual will adopt first?
On first glance it would be the middle class American for he is better educated therefore will understand all the benefits whilst the mexican immigrant is lowly paid and ignorant, by comparison.
In reality it is more likely the immigrant will take it up first but why?
The immigrant is here to make money to send back to his family. He earns little and even $10 sent back home is invaluable. The problem is that using conventional transfer methods the immigrant could see most of this money dissapear in various charges so when he shown that he could send $10 back to his family via bitcoin using sms and they would recieve almost all the $10 then he will jump at the chance.
In the meantime, the middle class American really has little need (yet) for bitcoin as he is quite happy with what he is used to $$$$. As he is well educated he takes onboard all the negative press and considers the risk and decides to wait until he can follow the masses like a sheep.
Maybe bitcoin is in slow decline and will not be adopted. Pretty unlikely as adoption seems to have taken place and bitcoin is firmly entrenched. That being the case then all it takes is one catalyst to start the stampede. my money is on the UK government being very pro digital cuurency and the New York legislation being a lot more favourable than first indicated.
So stop thinking like the middle class American and more like the ignorant Mexican immigrant!
P.S. this is just an analogy so please dont read anything into middle class american and mexican immigrant :-)
P.P.S if you are still struggling go look at 37coins website
@_date: 2014-08-16 21:32:39
I am a client of Coinfloor and am totally confident they are here for the long term. They are structured in a way which is in the best interests of their customer base whilst also looking to comply with traditional UK legislation.
The minimum GBP deposit is £500 and I am assuming they have set this mainly to attract serious traders and be seen as a leading exchange instead of small transactions akin to a corner money shop.
All their clients funds, FIAT and BTC are kept in cold storage and manually processed 3 times a day reassuring clients vis a vis hacking.
All funds are ringfenced providing 100% customer security. So if they should be made bankrupt or shut down for any reason client funds remain safe and secure.
When it comes to fees they do charge a £5 withdrawal charge on GBP however BTC withdrawals are free. I am making an educated guess this is because the bank servicing Coinfloor are charging a transaction fee therefore they are really just passing on costs. May I point out that the majority of UK Banks are loathe to provide any form of company bank services as their concern of being connected to bitcoin by association. I am sure these issues will dissipate as Bitocin matures. Coinfloor is being serviced by a bank located in Isle of Man ( IoM has financial legislation in place re: digital currency)
From my perspective I am looking to use Coinfloor to purchase BTC and trade. I will convert BTC to GBP when the opportunity arises but i have little need to withdraw GBP from my trading account. I also aim to sell small quantities of BTC via the small online exchanges and should make a net 5% margin.
The only costs i will incur is a maker taker fee between 0.3% and 0.5%
To Summarise: We are in the adoption stage so anything could happen. If BTC continues to grows from strength to strength then the regulators will implement a framework whereby BTC can tongue and groove with existing financial structure.
I believe Coinfloor have set their stall (standards) up in anticipation of this and are very serious in being the leading UK Exchange.
So far, I am impressed and wish CF good luck in their endeavour 
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:35:14
Guys, thank you for your answers. You all seem to be genuine advocates of bitcoin and these answers are probably all accurate but I think people keep missing the point.
If you want bitcoin to be adopted then it has to be Simple! Safe! Stupid! so the masses will adopt it. Whilst its great to read all these genuine answers they are not helping bitcoins' cause.
Maybe its time the community sponsored an official bitcoin website which focused on PR and reassuring the masses on how to use bitcoin and its safe etc.
Maybe they provide a layer of approval regarding wallets. This is the sort of 'regulation' the Masses need in order to adopt it.
Sorry to bang on but the more i read the more i am finding that al the technical replies aren't helping the cause when it comes to Mass adoption.
P.S. I totally get it about one can check out open code and ty for that
@_date: 2014-07-17 10:09:50
Thanks for that. I am hoping someone will suggest the best way forward for simpletons who want to use bitcoin and feel safe without little knowledge. Is there a group or body which is approving wallet creators etc so the masses can feel reassured without a degree in online security. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 04:38:59
I think people need to chill. I am new here, not a techie, a normal person who decided two weeks ago that bitcoin is in the adoption stage and likely to be taken onboard by the masses. Let's keep this simple. Currently digital currency is not user friendly BUT every day it's getting there. Everyday more and more merchants facilitate bitcoin which is opening the doors and ratifying the concept to the masses. Take up is going to be relatively slow and that's because it's still easier to spend fiat on the net. 
Ok so why if this is the case am I loving bitcoin.
Independant from fiat and free from central regulation. The same reason USA Fed hates it.
Fast, efficient and secure.
Micro transaction cost.
The main reason is this. 
Whilst the first world will treat it as a threat or a novelty the entrepreneurs will quickly facilitate emerging markets. Suddenly India, Pakistan, Africa, South America etc. 80% of the population who have been exploited and controlled and desperate to take control. 
I haven't even mentioned China and they are right up for this. 
So chill and consider rate of adoption. Let Brock pacify the Feds and divert their attention. When they finally work out how to regulate it will be way to late. Keep the faith and enjoy the revolution. It won't take long
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:27:37
All major transactions paid by Credit card incur between 1.5 and 3% fee which is paid by the merchant. On a lot of Internet sites the merchant passes this fee directly onto the customer.
Digital Currency fees are negligible.. Customer saves money whilst big nasty bankers lose out! 
If you believe the financial institutions were responsible for the global recession then you can spend money, save on fees and get your own back!
@_date: 2014-07-22 14:04:34
The bitcoin industry confuses the word regulation with control. In Fiat regulation is controlled by the few hence the BIG plus point being decentralised. 
Bitcoin should welcome Regulation if its in the interest of the users and shout from the tree tops about it NOT being controlled by a few, such as: The fed and a bunch of greedy bankers 
@_date: 2014-07-17 03:24:14
BTC is currently $620. Unlikely to drop below $580 in near future unless something happens to panic everyone and current volumes are low. If I read you right you break even if you lose &lt;$100 therefore it has to drop to sub $560. 
My instinct says it is due for a rise based on consistent good news every day coming through. 
Let us know how you do
@_date: 2014-07-24 16:02:36
Since I bought in about a month back this has occurred three times now. A sudden drop in a short time by circa $30 immediately followed by a bounce recovery taking about 2 days. 
Oh look, bottomed at 595 now bouncing and currently 605 and rising. 
So for all the Brits you will recognise this as The Magic Roundabout principle!  
Boing!!! Went Zebedee.   Time for bed!
@_date: 2014-08-12 04:58:25
If the dollar goes down the toilet as a global currency what is going to replace it. Please don't say bitcoin because That's years away, if at all. Do you really think the Chinese are going to let the dollar fall as they are a primary investor. 
So if the dollar fails what global currency is going to replace it? USA has been bankrupt for years and printing money and it's still the recognised global currency.
Methinks you need a lesson in fiat. It's worthless and a perception which people trust. Good luck with your conspiracy theories. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:17:47
Hya, he is being totally serious and you probably want to be too. If you download Udemy to phone or computer then access the video cast: "bitcoin or how I learned to stop worrying and love bitcoin"
Take time to listen to all the lectures and it will make sense and so will his comment about a tip!
Have fun
@_date: 2014-10-30 04:10:30
Guys, this has nothing to do with crypto. About 4 years ago USA banned everyone in USA from playing online gambling sites because as they are offshore then they couldn't get tax revenue. The illegal bit is the site accepting payment from USA methods of payment. Theoretically as one is using a wallet then no one actually knows about your residency however it makes sense for the site to knowingly avoid USA citizens. Seeing how the fed is trying to fek Ross over Silk Road including breaking USA law when they accessed the back end servers then, as a business I would avoid USA fed. USA is despicable the way it spies in everyone, treats its citizens and breaks every human rights law in the, so called, interest of its country