@_author: arvidito
@_date: 2014-04-24 15:37:16
First of all, government is not, by definition, monopoly of violence. This is simplifying things way too much. A government is an institution creating and trying to uphold laws (or whatever you might call them). It is not the government that has the monopoly of violence, it is the police, military, private security companies and contractors who are granted monopoly of violence from the government.
Second, to understand the political movement, or tradition of thought that is anarchism, you should check out people like Proudhon, Kropotkin or Emma Goldman to get the history. Also people like Ian Bone for a more modern adaption.
Anarchism has always been (at least trying to be) a social workers movement against class exploitation. Austrian economics and Rothbardian thinking has nothing to do with this, they are just ultra neo-liberals. "Anarcho-capitalism" is impossible since anarchy literally means "without rulers" and capitalism inevitably divides people into those making decisions (company owners and bosses) and those carrying them out (workers).
The "power vacuum" can be filled by popular organization rather than a ruling minority. Say that the militia group in the beginning of your example is not the initiative of a few individuals but a collective effort organized and controlled by neighborhood cooperation. You still have the problem of exterior threat, and this has unfortunately been the death of the few anarchist societies we have seen (check out Spanish revolution during the civil war, Ukraine anarchist peasants, the Paris commune or the Zapatistas).
On a therotical level this problem can be solved though. Let's say that the whole city has gone anarchist and two of the blocks have started to demand stuff under threat from other areas. All of the other blocks would ofcourse see this threat to their freedom and organize a common force to counter it. Assuming there are more people ready to fight for upholding this freedom than for taking control themselves, it's not a problem.