@_author: asclepius616
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:50:49
I am curious... If the LPPL is so accurate a tool, why would you not use it to your advantage?  Who cares about your personal perception of Bitcoin's worth?!  With your knowledge of macroeconomics theories, you should have turned a 7-figure profit.  Literally.  Why not buy low and sell high according to the projections of the market that you aver to be so accurate?  
Just because you can cite a model does not mean you are more knowledgeable about the market than the average person.  Instead you are here, on a Reddit page, bashing everyone willing to take a gamble.  So, I ask: What is the purpose of all your theories if you do not put them to effective use?  Let me guess, you would rather work a 9-to-5 job with a salary nominal in comparison to the profits you would earn by playing the market.  Yeah, that's what I thought.  
Oh -- and no one cares that you speak formal English; however, I suspect it is apparent to some that you come across as pompous.  I used to be like you until I made it to my Jr. year of college and pulled my head out of a bodily orifice that, at one time, I thought smelled like a rose garden.  I then got a reality check and learned not to be such a geek breath.               
    
@_date: 2017-12-23 00:14:49
Fair enough.  Thank you for the kind response.  
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:41:55
There are many reasons why the cryptocurrency markets recently corrected themselves:
1) They tend to do so after a bull run.
2) There was a lot of short-lived hype about cryptocurrencies among those inexperienced in crypto investments; they got scared and pulled their money out at the first sign of a dip, causing it to dip further.
3) Charlie Lee pulled his money from Litecoin, sewing doubt about its value among some investors.
4) The whales can easily manipulate the Bitcoin market, and many likely did.
5) Something that no one in this forum has addressed: the new Republican tax bill.  Since Donald Trump signed the new bill into law, many wealthy American investors have pulled billions out of the stock market.  How many of those same investors had billions tucked away in cryptocurrency, in order to evade paying taxes? 
