@_author: asd42342342342
@_date: 2013-01-14 23:05:20
It could be that ordinary people (people with no value other than their labour) will seek meaning and status in their lives by trading with each other for various non-essential luxuries.. that might be a good outcome. I'm not sure how big of a motivator reproduction would really be.. there's still 51% women so you're probably still always going to get laid.. I guess everyone has a threshold where they settle for whoever will have them. In theory this could lead to a kind of rat race where everyone works really hard in providing non-essential services just to get a 'better' mate even though they'd all get essentially the same mate as if nobody worked.
In a system with a high degree of centralized automation the capital is going to end up highly concentrated.. Investing in people is increasingly the last investment any of them would make.. it's better to take over existing businesses fire everyone and make them more efficient through further automation and centralization than to hire new staff.
The capital owners (due to them being highly concentrated and small in number) don't have the capacity to care about or take any interest in all the services people might be willing to providing in exchange for their meagre existence. Getting any significant number of them involved in the running of their business empires would be counterproductive as it just makes things less efficient. There's only so many prostitutes they could ever need and so many excellent bands or movies they could be entertained with, etc. (Assuming robot prostitutes don't take over that niche and automatic content creation fails to spews forth an unlimited number of movies and other media of better quality - which it probably will eventually).
What can everyone else do to justify themselves to these Kings? IMO we won't be able too, so if we're to continue existing it will have to be as a cost and a burden on the capital of the world. Let's hope the owners are kind to us.
@_date: 2013-01-14 15:17:23
The only thing that's deflating is wages, which doesn't really help most of us :p unfortunately I don't really expect this to ever turn around as distributed human labor continues to be replaced by centralized automation. Imo humans can't really justify their existance in this new system. The only options are to exterminate a lot of us or somehow create unproductive (but preferably non-harmful) work just to keep everyone busy.
@_date: 2013-01-14 16:12:28
I guess I just disagree.. The automation link is interesting and I can see how it's true at least in the initial stages of automation, however I think there are limits to it's aplicability that we are now already exceeding.. I guess the problem with it I see is that if everyone's basic needs are taken care of by automated processes they won't be so motivated to earn money in order to buy other luxuries provided by other people like them.. at some point a large number of people just won't be motivated to do much anymore. I don't necessarilly see this as a problem, but these people won't be participating in 'capitalism' and there will probably be a lot of them.
With the broken window fallacy, I don't think it really applies.. it speaks to productive work which is exactly what I'm ruling out.. basically the future will be filled with unproductive work that essentially works as a babysitting or entertainment service for adults.. maybe some people will literally enjoy smashing windows or fixing them simply because they're bored and it doesn't matter.
@_date: 2013-01-14 17:31:00


I don't know. I suspect a lot of excess human labour will be mopped up by things like WoW and watching daytime television.. but probably people will also find small favours to trade amongst each other - perhaps bitcoin will help stimulate this.. sites like fiver.com etc - one thing they won't be doing though is significantly contributing to the large scale centralized and automated processes that provide most of what everyone actually needs.


Maintaining a large human population is destroying wealth.. no doubt about that. To the extent that large human populations are maintained it will have to be done as a political 'right to exist' rather than as something that can be justified by the labour we provide.