@_author: asdffsdf
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:14:51
His communication was better than nothing, but most of it was pretty hollow, and about half the things he said turned out wrong.
So guess I'd take a middle ground - appreciate that there was any communication at all, but none of it turned out very valuable.
Most companies would go into "lawyer up, shut up, and protect yourself" mode when something like this happens, so it's certainly a bit better than that from a user point of view.  Arguably stupid from the company's point of view though to convey anything other than completely certain info, you never know when it might come back to bite you legally.
@_date: 2016-08-08 01:03:52


lol.  It's possible it'll be worth more than whatever the market prices crash down to once they're opened, but not $70m.  If they had such a magically profitable business they would just eat the losses themselves instead of giving people these shitty tokens - especially since their business would be worth far more if they made people whole rather than left 99% of people feeling like they just got screwed.
So by that logic alone, anyone who thinks the tokens are worth, in total, anything near $70 million is out of their mind.
It's also a possibility that the tokens will end up being worth even less than the panic sale prices, and that volume on bitfinex will tank as soon as people can get their money out.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:09:03


Not until the inevitable lawsuit, in any case.
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:05:53
Yeah looks like around 25%.  You can do maybe 1-2% better if you have some patience trading, but then you risk missing out if there ends up being a bank run of people trying to move into BTC and get money off the site as soon as possible.
I don't really see BFX getting much higher than around 1/3rd USD, but ya never know for sure.  Going down seems more probable to me, so I think exiting now is probably the wisest move unless you're really trying to play the swings.
Edit: BFX is up to 39% already, eh.  Guess somebody out there wants these things.
@_date: 2016-08-08 03:47:01


And yet here you are, arguing about things that you say are trivial.  Keep making those alt accounts.
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:29:05
Because "Hey, someone stole the money you gave us, so we aren't going to pay you.  We could pay you, but we'd rather give you the option to sell out now for a fraction of your money or gamble on whether we'll pay you back someday.  We have plenty of money but we're not going to use it to help you recover what's rightfully yours and that was lost due to our own negligence"
doesn't sound very good from a business.
Of course, there's always the strategy of being silent and hoping only a couple of people call you out, which unfortunately usually works pretty well.
@_date: 2016-08-04 09:51:39
Let's be honest here, Bitfinex just lost at an absolute minimum half their business, even if everythinig appears to resolve correctly.  More likely, they're done.
Though I certainly wouldn't complain if things work out as you are suggesting.
@_date: 2016-08-04 09:42:00
You may be right.  Everyone could lose their money and bitfinex exchange goes out of business all because they were using what's essentially a loophole to exploit some archaic law, ignoring the absolute most basic tenet of secure bitcoin security:
Don't keep your coins in an internet-connected hotwallet, especially one that has processes ALREADY IN PLACE to move all of those bitcoins.
...In hindsight, they were pretty much asking to get hacked.  "Oh, but there was supposed to be a maximum withdrawal rate with Bitgo."  Have they never heard of the word "exploit?"
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:41:04
Judging by Bitfinex's time estimations for announcements and exchange functionality since the hack occurred, your withdrawal should be on the blockchain by ~~12:00 AM UTC~~, I mean ~~12:00 AM EST~~, wait, probably ~~tomorrow~~ within the coming days.
@_date: 2016-08-08 02:35:15
Just to make sure, you checked the link from the email itself rather than what that link redirected to, right?
My link was " + a 627 character string of random looking mixed cased letters, numbers, and dashes.  (I edited the number at the beginning of the link in case it gives away any info.)
I don't believe anything my side or in my email client would cause an intermediate link to be injected, though I'm only like 98% sure of that.
Obviously the possibility that it's a phishing attempt seemed extremely low because I just followed through the password change prompt, but otherwise I would be very hesitant to click a link like that.
@_date: 2016-08-04 10:40:24
If we were speaking loosely, then I'd say "my (user) bitcoins were stolen."  If I wanted to be more technically accurate though, I think I'd say something like "the company that owed me a balance payable in bitcoins had their bitcoins stolen."
The only reason I'd say the first is because it's far shorter and simpler.  Not because it's more accurate.
@_date: 2016-08-08 05:10:47
It is a bit strange - if passwords are salted+hashed before transmission (which I believe is the standard security practice), any compromise of bitfinex's data should not compromise user passwords.
I personally didn't receive any email though until I actually visited the platform and tried to log in/continued through the password change prompt, so at this point I'd say it's unlikely.  If they wanted to empty accounts, I think the standard practice would be to have some kind of inactivity term - where users who haven't accessed their account for 6 or 12 months are charged some sort of inactivity fee.  Though there might be legal limitations on that (if they are followed), I'm not sure.
@_date: 2016-08-05 03:09:01
I'm not sure whether being allowed to continue as an exchange to repay users or forced liquidation is better for users.  They both have pretty terrible downsides.
With forced liquidation, it could be years for people to get their money, not get a full amount anyways, and may lose even more with all the time and lawyers involved.
With the exchange going back up, there's a very high chance the business will crumble anyway.  We would also have less accounting of bitfinex's finances, so they may get away with profits and no pain while the users are the only ones suffering for their incompetence.
Both pretty awful, but not many other choices.  Maybe best for users is if Bitfinex pays out what they decide, then get sued so whatever is left gets frozen.  The main benefit is that some people get their funds years faster (compared to liquidation), but we'd all be up to the whims of how bitfinex decides to pay out, and some people may get screwed.
@_date: 2016-08-04 09:47:55
That's your best example?
All he said was "No, users couldn't have prevented the hack."  Not "yes, it was our accounts/accounts under our control that got hacked, it was our fault, and entirely our responsiblility."
I mean, from a legal point of view it's probably wise for him to be vague, but you can't give him credit for owning up to anything.  
Some communication is better than no communication, but we haven't really heard much of value at this point.  He's indicated that non-bitcoin funds will be able to withdrawn, but I wouldn't be surprised if that turns out to be wrong.  We were promised updates by midnight UTC and midnight EST and all we got was "yeah the hack still happened, we're cancelling all trades and settling markets at the following rates."  No info about what's going on going forward.
Not surprising again, it would have been impressive if they got anything done on the same day when lawyers are involved.
@_date: 2016-08-08 01:12:58
Forced password reset through some sketchy looking 3rd party domain (some long, ugly, 100+ character link on domain sendgrid.net), changed password rules (min 8 letters, 1 capital letter, 1 special character, 1 number - really? fuck off, you're the ones who don't know seem to give a shit about security), and the forced password change screen tells you that with a changed password you can't withdraw for 5 days.
While these minor annoyances are obviously nothing compared to everything else, it's just more and more bullshit.
@_date: 2016-08-05 02:51:42
Yeah, completely inconsistent.  It's either one or the other.
Now that they've even suggested the idea that individual people's accounts were separate, they're probably going to get sued no matter what they do.  Equal redistribution?  Sued by people who claim THEIR funds weren't stolen.  Unequal distribution?  Sued by people who claim that bitfinex needs to pay out all their debts equally.
But that's what happens when you let someone steal $70 million from your users.  Bitfinex doesn't seem to have acknowledged yet that, assuming the hacker doesn't magically return all the money at a great discount, the most probable outcome is years worth of lawyers and bankruptcy filings.
@_date: 2016-08-08 09:10:34
It does not improve security, unless they haven't been hashing and salting passwords.
Considering they didn't use cold storage, I guess them ignoring absolutely basic security practices in other areas is a possibility.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:35:21


I also hear Josh Garza/GAW will be repurchasing user's "Paycoins" for $20 each any day now, just like they claimed they would.  /s
Our only hope is if they find some absolutely moronic investor to give them $50m+ to make users whole, so maybe 2% odds.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:15:01
There's some possibility that past profits would come under scrutiny, otherwise owners could pillage their companies assets before declaring bankruptcy.  I don't think whether or not owner assets will come into question can just be brushed aside at this point.
Owner assets derived from unrelated sources are certainly not supposed to be relevant or course.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:19:17
10's of millions is probably an overstatement, these companies don't tend to make as much money as you'd think they would without absolutely MASSIVE volume.
But with that said, I definitely agree that there should be some independent accounting of Bitfinex's finances to pay off their rightful debts.  Unfortunately, actually doing that will probably take multiple years and court involvement to make it happen.
@_date: 2016-08-08 02:41:08
The main concerns are receiving emails with links that look like they could be random phishing attempts and a further 5 day hold on withdrawals for people who obviously want to get their money off as fast as possible.
Everything else is just a ****-you cherry on the top for all their users.  It's ironic that they're forcing users to use a "more secure" password (which actually lessens both theoretical security and practical security for several reasons, though that's an argument for another day) right after they got hacked for not even following the absolutely most basic security principles by using cold storage.
@_date: 2016-08-08 01:46:48
If what you were saying were true, they would probably not have a great deal of trouble finding an investor to make a deal with.
The value of the business would be far greater if customers are made whole than with the mess we're left with.  If a business made whole is not easily worth $70m to an investor, a business left in tatters with extremely angry customers won't be worth nearly that much.
I'd also argue against an evaluation based on 10 years of profit (and $7m yearly profit may assume bitfinex has fairly low expenditures/doesn't try to pillage the coffers for CEO pay/etc).
Exchanges are a very volatile business to begin with, and their success is also complexly related to the success of bitcoin/other cryptocurrencies.  The value of the business goes down if Bitcoin does - one would think the value of the business will go up with Bitcoin's rise, and that's certainly possible.  But if Bitcoin values rise enough, there's going to be an influx of competition to the market - competition which isn't tainted by past failures.  We haven't exactly seen any exchange successfully stay at the top for much more than 2 years as it is.
@_date: 2016-08-10 18:10:45
Yeah it's a good point that you might have to look at the fine print and the organizational structure to even consider it as an investment.
Though I doubt I'd want to buy any even if I didn't think there was any risk of accounting/legal tricks and if all profits went to token holders.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:30:38
As I posted previously, I think the best option for users might be that Bitfinex pays out what they decide now, and then get sued into oblivion for the rest of their assets.
That way people get at least most of the available money back without waiting on years of bankruptcy proceedings, but the company doesn't get to run off into the sunset with their undeserved profits.
I have no faith in "bfxcoin" returning people's money.  If the company didn't make enough profit to make a dent in the amount stolen when their reputation didn't have a massive black mark, it's not happening going forward.
@_date: 2014-06-12 08:31:50
That is true, but I don't believe such a small incentive would lead people to create custom software (or trust others' software) for a maximum of .010101% extra yearly interest - probably much less.
Technically, there's also a small incentive to make sure you get a block in Peercoin before you hit the maximum coin age.
I'm also curious to see what the Blackcoin changes will be in its new PoS implementation. (Some of it may already be on github, but I'll probably wait for the official announcement.)
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:44:36
I believe most proof of stake coins pay proportionally to coin age, so there is no reason for a typical staker to mine all blocks - they'll get the reward eventually.  So there is no incentive to mine anything but the longest/most-trusted fork (unlike PoW, you don't get a fixed block reward).
The biggest risks to PoS depend on the particulars of the coding, particularly if it allows blocks to be "stored" somehow (staking algorithm not dependent on last few blocks) or if there is an unknown exploit to allow for double spending, damaging the coin's reputation before an appropriate fix could be found.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:10:59
He's intending to say that if someone holds, say, 20% of all coins early on in its lifecycle, that they could use it to start mining from an early block (before they sold off their coins) and rebuild a fake chain (deleting most of the transaction history).
To assume that there is no way to prevent this attack would be foolish.  A simple, but non-ideal solution would be a one time checkpoint.  If an attack such as this was carried out, it would result in a freeze of the real chain until things could be sorted out, but it would be far less damaging.  A successful double spend attack on a few big exchanges has far more potential for damage.
The 'nothing at stake problem' is only really a problem for people who don't understand how your odds of a successful attack fork decrease to zero very quickly through exponential multiplication (with less than 50% of the stake).  Simply using an appropriate number of confirmations before accepting very large transactions can essentially eliminate the risk.
I think the largest risk to Proof of Stake coins would be if an unknown/undefended exploit exists in the code which would allow its credibility to be damaged by double spends before there was time to fix it.
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:28:42
Looking back again, it seems that you're right - johansen's wording is at best ambiguous.
He may have meant "previous owner" as in "owner right before coins were transferred to bitstamp," but that is a pretty awkward way to put it.
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:44:36
Yeah, I have nothing against sealswithclubs, but it's really not the same as PokerStars - they have the best software, by far the biggest playerbase, very good customer support, and generally have treated their players reasonably.
Very interesting to see that PokerStars feels the AML/KYC concerns won't be too problematic for them to take bitcoin.  We could see this end up cascading throughout the online gambling industry, since "traditional" deposit/withdrawal methods end up costing these websites a ridiculous amount (I've heard 9-10% thrown around).  Saving 6-7% on the total deposited could make a huge difference, let alone potentially being more convenient for players.
@_date: 2014-04-20 22:19:24
Unless I am misunderstanding the structure of how the block chain is connected and verified, I don't see how you could connect blocks from the coins obtained earlier to the ones obtained later.
If you mine blocks from your coins obtained earlier, and then attempt to extend this chain with blocks from your coins obtained later, wouldn't this be an invalid addition since the coins in the original chain had never been moved to the future block?  Maybe it is theoretically possible you could store the transactions that are used in the actual network and apply them to your chain to reach your later coins, that seems very difficult though, and eventually you'd end up with potential conflicts that would limit your ability to connect all of your coins in staking with each other.  Maybe this sort of attack would be theoretically possible, but unless my understanding is wrong (I don't know all of the technical details behind the staking process), I don't know that it is feasible.  (Eventually, the coins you obtain will be intermixed with coins you've already obtained, so unless it's possible to isolate only the coins you've never obtained within a given transaction, this would not be realistic.)
@_date: 2014-06-08 18:27:29
In all your responses, you're making an assumption that was ambiguous to begin with.
The original claim was "Or if you're going to do it, you get the best odds by placing a single all-in bet, rather than spacing them out."
It's ambiguous what "spacing them out" means.  It may mean betting a fixed total amount, in which case you would be right.
But more likely it is just meant how people actually gamble - they'll keep going until the hit a certain win or loss threshold, or get bored.  On average, the amount a person brings with them to gamble would probably be wagered through about 10x.  From this perspective, a single all in bet (1x) would have a smaller house edge than wagering through it several times.
To reiterate, everyone's math is right, but you're arguing about an unclear question.
@_date: 2014-04-20 23:14:13
I don't see how someone could "just publish" such a fork, it basically requires that you create a legitimate looking fork within that much time, that is nearly 100 blocks long, but is less than that.  To do that would require that you have the ability to create a longer blockchain than the original one, where any deviations in that blockchain are less than 100 blocks old (limiting the possible age of a secret chain attack).  Care to provide more detail?
@_date: 2014-08-24 21:22:52
If no agreement can be reached, the options would be either to burn the money or seek arbitration, yes.
The idea is that since the client/blockchain provide the escrow service for you, and the cost of non-agreement is greater than the value of the items/services exchanged, such cases will be rare.  Real-world use will be needed to demonstrate whether or not this is true.
It could still prove more cost-efficient to use arbitration on an "as needed" basis rather than have to pay a middleman every time, even when there is no problem.  (Let alone providing the security of an escrow in cases where a middle man wouldn't have been used in the first place.)
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:28:31
If other factors, such as more orphans due to block propogation time reduce your profit by 1%, then that is indeed significant.  But that isn't the subject of the post, it's just talking about variance.
As I estimated below, a pool with 5% of the overall hashrate and an 18% assumed difficulty increase will give you an overall standard deviation around 3%.  Not too bad, the increasing difficulty isn't much of a problem:
It is true that variance hurts your exponential growth, but this amount is not very significant.  (103/100)^.5 *(97/100)^.5 = .99955
The average expected value, of course, is not influenced by variance at all.
@_date: 2014-04-18 07:37:38
It does look like variance could be large enough to account for a significant part of the difference.  If I didn't screw up the math, one standard deviation is somewhere around 3.2%.  Since computing technology improves and bitcoin value fluctuates, this might be a slight underestimate of true variance:
Standard deviation for a single block:
int(x^2 * (e^(-x)),x,0,infinity)^.5 = 2^.5 units (where 1 unit = 10 minutes)
% Standard deviation for 2016 blocks:
2^.5 * 2016^.5 / 2016= .03149 = 3.149%
Of course, it still could be caused from slowdowns in advancements of computational power, and computational power increases may have variance as well to account for.
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:48:46
The reason the number is different is because my base unit I used for my calculation is the average return when the bitcoin network finds a block, not when the pool finds a block.
So where you used "1", I used "20."
Both ways work fine as long as you are consistent.  Compared to your method, I'm multiplying by 20 for the standard deviation and dividing by 20 in the end since expectation is 20x higher, it cancels out.
Edit: I'm getting around 10x your standard deviation though apparently when normalized, your number sounds a bit low to me (less than 5x the single block standard deviation over 2000 blocks, would think ~45x)
@_date: 2014-05-09 04:04:16
This is why some of us are supporting Proof of Stake, the cost of sustaining the Bitcoin network at this point in time is absurd - $1 million+ in selling pressure every day, more if the price goes up.
And long-term, you can't necessarily get around this problem with halvings because there's no guarantee transaction fees will provide enough mining incentive to secure the network.
Assuming it proves free from security vulnerabilities (contrary to what some of the loud but uninformed think, you can't just magically create winning forks), Proof of Stake may be the way of the future.  Of course, it is still seen as controversial which "proof of" is more secure.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:47:03
Yeah, using the standard deviation as the equivalent of a bet (should be very equivalent for most cases, since the standard deviation of a +1/-1 bet is 1, but that approximation can break down when the variance is very large relative to your bankroll.)
I'm getting around 5.7% for the standard deviation, which is a bit higher than the number used by the above estimate.  (Though that may be my own fault if I misinterpreted the other's post as intending to use the word variance as standard deviation instead of square of standard deviation.  Will re-edit my parent comment with some details.)
Edit: guess it didn't turn out too bad, I think my math should be correct, around 2.7%.
@_date: 2014-12-30 04:23:34
The problem with Paycoin isn't that it's an altcoin, it's that it's a blatant scam.  You don't have to like altcoins, but you should at least pull your head far enough out of the sand to realize that intentional scams are another beast altogether.
GAW miners (Paycoin creator/pseudo-mining company) basically decided to stop paying out fair amounts on their cloud-based miners, which many think never physically existed at all, and instead give miners worthless hashpoints rather than bitcoin payouts.
The only use of these points is to buy a GAW-created 95% premined coin, which GAW claims will grant a 400% instant profit on release through market manipulation (they claim to have $100 million in backing to buy up the market to $20.)
Of course, they'll keep creating excuse after excuse as to why they can't yet give miners their coins to sell on the open market, since there's no real money to back up their insane claims, and they don't want the house of cards to fall down.  It is a painfully obvious scam, but the gullible may fall prey to it on GAW's 100% monitored/censored forums.
@_date: 2014-06-06 23:47:11
I'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not, but you can verify that your rolls are fair because you're given the hash value of the secret used to generate your roll beforehand.
While that guarantees fair rolling for the player, what it doesn't guarantee is that the investors aren't cheated by someone with access to server info or that the owner doesn't walk away with everyone's money.  Those remain a question of whether you trust the owner enough to put your money there.
@_date: 2014-11-05 01:19:46
It could be similar in nature to buying like an x-box live subscription or a video game code from a store, where you're basically just purchasing the access code to redeem later.  (And if they're telling the truth, they would have physical miners to cover all the virtual hash rate sold.)
Not to imply that this particular case is necessarily legit/not a ponzi scheme, but that that particular aspect is at least plausible.
@_date: 2014-11-02 22:04:53
What you're describing can lead to the "buy high, sell low" strategy, where people panic-sell a falling stock, and chase after something that has recently increased in price.
Some traders do this, others don't.  There's generally not much of a rational reason to use a stop loss, you're better off only risking what you're comfortable losing in the first place.  Then you can re-evaluate your position later if you choose, rather than having a simple stop-loss trigger without any thought given.
In your example, if a shorter hits a stop loss trigger, and then decides to catch a ride on the train before it gets too expensive, the price could very well go down again at that point.  Meaning this person lost on both the rise and fall of the price.  Better to trade based on information rather than arbitrary numbers.
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:59:35


That last sentence is pretty laughable, since it completely ignores how markets work.  If you try to buy 70% of the coins, you're going to pump the price to extroardinary levels, simply because a certain % of people will just hold their coins regardless of how high it goes.
For example, the current market cap of BlackCoin is 17 million.  By trying to be "smart" and buy it up at 1-2% per day, I really doubt you could do this attack for less than $100 million in starting capital, and I think I'm being conservative with that number.
Then, after you try to sell 5-10%, you're going to create the biggest panic dump anyone has ever seen.  You're basically creating an enormous pump &amp; dump situation, but you've got too much of the supply to get out yourself - you're guaranteed to be the bag-holder.  I wouldn't be suprised if you lost 50% of your starting capital.
You might have better success with a small, new coin, if you can convince others to keep buying, but then what's the point of killing it with proof of stake when you'll kill it by dumping your supply anyway?
The "other" attacks you reference may be "free" to do for a very small holder, but it will be exponentially unlikely to hit more than a few consecutive confirmations, so opportunities will be exceedingly rare.  It would also require setting up several different wallets so the coin age isn't reset.  A large holder would probably lose more in devaluation than they gain from the attack, so despite having a greater chance of doing it successfully, they would be hurting themselves.  Basically, to defend against this, you should just wait for a few more confirmations for large transactions to be sure, as this removes the possibility that the incentive of an attack will be larger than its cost.
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:37:31
Oh, because you divided the standard deviation by the expected payout, I just waited until the end to do that (might make the math tricky to do it in advance).
So your number is standard deviation expressed as a % of average expected value over 2015 blocks.  Mine is the absolute standard deviation of the reward over that time period (expressed in units of expected mining share per 1 network block).
If I divide my standard deviation by the expectation, it looks the about the same as your number.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:30:50
The math is using the 1% number given above.  You are right both that increasing difficulty will have some effect on variance and that the mean isn't affected by this variance.
The equation above is in relation to exponential growth, which is a useful tool for considering your investments.  Maximizing exponential growth is the fastest way to increase investment value.  You can look up "kelly criterion" for more info.
I can try to estimate the amount of variance from mining at a pool with 5% of the hash and 18% increasing difficulty, will see if I'm too sleep deprived to figure it out at the moment.
Edit: Estimate of standard deviation for 18% increasing difficulty on a 5% pool, 155 blocks/day, 13 days per difficulty period.
Standard deviation (using "1 unit" as average payout per 9.3 minute bitcoin network block): 
std({0 (19x - no block found by pool), 20 (block found by pool)) } = 4.3589
standard deviation of first 13 day period: 2015 ^ .5 * 4.3589 = 195.6
Expected profit first 13 days: 2015
Expected long-term profit using geometric series (18% difficulty increase):
2015/(1-(1/1.18)) = 13209
Lifetime standard deviation using geometric series, combining standard deviations using the square root of the sum of squares:
195.6*(1+(1/1.18)^2 + (1/1.18)^4 +...)^.5
= 195.6*(1/(1 - (1/1.18)^2 ))^.5 = 368.45
Ratio of standard deviation to profit = 368.45/13209 = 
**2.789%** (Standard deviation will be slightly higher without starting at the beginning of difficulty period)
@_date: 2014-05-21 20:45:54


That's an enormous leap in logic.  You could argue that large holders are more likely to mine since smaller holders might not want to deal with the hassle and security issues for a few coins, but anyone can stake their coins at completely minimal costs - that's the entire purpose.  And with cheap computers like the Raspberry Pi available, this can become even easier.
You are right that someone doesn't need 51% of the coins to launch an attack (only 51% of the staking coins), but that doesn't mean this is easy.  The coin you mentioned was a small coin that few had heard of which gave away coins for free, making it open to Sybil attacks.  There have been plenty of attacks on small or buggy Proof of Work coins as well - that does not mean that all coins using that algorithm are all horribly insecure.
It would be more fair to think in terms of Bitcoin itself.  Which is more likely, that someone would acquire 15-20% of all coins for a Proof of Stake style attack, or 50% of the mining power?  Both would be very difficult, and that's anyone's guess.  Though it's worth noting that even Litecoin in the last 24 hours  has had a single mining pool controlling over 50% of the hashrate.
But at some point, the mining incentives for bitcoin will decrease - you can't maintain 10% increases in coin supply forever.  This is a problem that most here are happy to ignore or are unaware of because it is years away.  There is a long-term fundamental trade-off between security and inflation (or high tx fees) with proof of work, that I believe is much stronger than with proof of stake (and with proof of stake, anyone can get their interest, it's not just wasted on energy bills.)
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:08:56
I might have been a bit unclear with the language, it's taking the standard deviation of the sum of all the random elements, not the standard deviation of the elements themselves.  So it gives you the standard deviation on your profits from that time period.
As you add more elements, the standard deviation increases (the standard deviation of 0 elements would be 0.)
Do you have the math at how you arrived at the .0969 number?
@_date: 2014-04-20 22:37:43
Edited the end of my last post to clarify - eventually, the coins you previously added to the chain would be very intermixed with future coins - as time goes on, this would increase, and the probability of obtaining more coins that are not combined with coins that your secret chain lists as never having moved would decrease.
Is it possible to use the signed transaction in such a way that only the untouched coins are sent, and the coins which you already received are not included in the transaction?
Edit:  I believe a maximum over-write of the last 100 blocks or so (basically a decentralized/personalized checkpoint) on a blockchain would also defend against this, not sure if there is any reason not to implement this (ideally with the option of a manual override).
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:45:21
It's basically the only Proof of Stake coin (aside from Peercoin) that actually has a developer focused on making sure its PoS system is secure.
The community also has a ton of projects going on, you can check out these links:
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:33:16
I tried glancing over their whitepaper on the coin, I'm not sure whether it's a poorly written mess or if I just need some sleep to decipher it.  It sounded like a student trying to string a bunch of big words together, half of them made up trademark terms without definition.
I was uncertain if the prime controllers mentioned are centrally controlled/advantaged for mining.  If so, the whole project doesn't make any sense - if you're going to centralize network control/transaction verification or create a centralized mining advantage withing a currency, you might as well go all out and make it 100% centralized, eliminating mining costs and mining-based security risks altogether.  Since people have to trust the central control anyway, no reason to be inefficient.
@_date: 2014-06-06 20:08:11


To say that an increase in the value of bitcoin and number of transactions would ensure network security would be to ignore half of the equation.  As the value of the network increases, so does the incentive to attack it.
There are no guarantees that transactions will provide adequate security.  Though it will probably be 2-6 years before we need to even consider solutions to this, it remains a potential future problem.  I'm sure people would disagree whether it is a major problem or an insignificant one - most simply aren't aware of it.  (Dogecoin may provide somewhat of a real-world experiment in the next 6-8 months, but it's not exactly the same.)
While you say block rewards extend to 2140, they will be miniscule far before then.  The common assumption is that transaction fees will increase to meet the security demands.  However, when you increase transaction fees, you decrease transactions, meaning the fees would need to be even higher to provide adequate security incentive.  Leading to even fewer transactions.  And so on the pattern would go, whether it converges or diverges in the end.
Time will ultimately tell whether or not transaction fees will provide adequate security incentives or whether another solution will be required, such as re-introducing block rewards or switching to another method such as Proof of Stake.
@_date: 2014-12-10 22:11:57
To be fair, that's somewhat different.  The main "real" charge in that case was the bank fraud part, where they were intentionally miscoding banking transactions to allow U.S. players to deposit (the sites were pretty much guilty of that charge, the other charges were basically freebies tacked on to see if they stuck).
It's mainly AML (anti money laundering) compliance laws that creates potential difficulty with accepting bitcoins, since arguably it isn't clear known to the site how a person obtained their bitcoins.  I'm sure resolving those issues will involve a lot $$$ and lawyer bickering in the future.
@_date: 2014-06-07 00:11:15
The owner only gets 10% of profits, so if he is gambling fairly to promote his own site, the investors wouldn't mind - they would be making money.
But if you mean the owner could use his access to server info to cheat the investors, you are right.  That's what my second paragraph was saying.  You would have to make your decision on whether or not you trust the owner enough to invest.
TL, DR version: It's provably fair for gamblers, but only "probably" fair for investors.
@_date: 2014-10-21 05:55:38
You're confused here.  No one is worried that the original owner's other, non-stolen coins will be confused with the stolen ones.
The idea is that the stolen coins will be used for new purchases or exchanges.  This person receives the coins that come from the stolen transaction (tracing back to that output) thinking they are as good as any other coins, and faces problems.
The difficult part of this is that the community at large has no way to know for sure whether the new address the coins are sent to belongs to:
1. Someone innocent and oblivious
2. Someone knowingly helping the thief cash out stolen coins
3. The thief himself, simply moving the coins around to create deniability/obfuscation
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:56:27
Poker is a game of skill and luck.  There are professional players who, over the long term, will have a much greater than 95% chance of coming out ahead.
Of course, those players are in the minority.  But there are definitely some players for whom paying 10% of their net winnings to play on PokerStars is an easy decision, particularly for tournament players.
(Though OP may also have to lie about location or identity if in the U.S., which is a different risk).
@_date: 2014-03-30 09:34:02
This is the thread that sparked off most of the FUD and has misled many people:
The creator of that thread ended up effectively backing off his claims, albeit in a half-assed way.  The thread is a huge clusterfuck, but you can see this by reading posts  (here's the link to post 71:   He is still claiming an attack is possible, but so far has only been blowing smoke.
I know a lot of people on r/bitcoin don't really like alt coins, but it would be good to limit this misinformation being spread.
@_date: 2014-05-26 03:09:32
While that is technically true, it's not something you want to tell someone who sounds like they aren't in a healthy mental state.  When someone puts their entire savings at risk, it affects more than just their temporary emotional state, so they shouldn't make a decision based purely on whether they'll feel good or bad once losing - someone in this mental state already feels bad to begin with.  (This is assuming his edit was made after your comment).
I am generally opposed to restrictions on people's liberty to gamble as they choose, but we should still try to go about it in a healthy manner.
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:20:58
Yeah, that's where the difference is.
If your process is to use a random number to simulate each element (0 or 1), then add up all 2015 of those, then use the sum of those 2015 elements as one of the new elements to take a standard deviation from, that should be correct.
So you should have a set that looks something like {105, 95, 110, 90... } and you take the standard deviation of that, I believe that should be the correct process.
Edit: Forgot to multiply by the 5% in the example
@_date: 2014-05-19 04:15:28
You realize "short" and "long" don't refer to the amount of time you're holding in investing?
Short = short selling = betting the price will drop
Long = purchase the stock or bet the price will go up
Makes the beginning of your post confusing to read.
@_date: 2014-05-27 07:13:13
This might be some help:
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:14:55
To expand upon what you're saying, the negative effect of that variance is miniscule.
In terms of exponential growth, all you're losing at 1% variance is
.5 * ln(99/100)+.5 * ln(101/100) = -.00005 (.005%)
That makes it more of a psychological factor than anything else.
It only becomes a significant factor if the variance is closer to 5%, you're relying on cashing out mining profits to pay your rent, and your luck is worse than 99/100 people - but I wouldn't advise investing in mining equipment if your financial situation is that dire.
@_date: 2014-08-24 19:30:35
It was only publicly announced about 3-4 months ago (found a post from a bit before the project was made public): 
3-4 months is certainly not a long time when it comes to developing new software, even when it comes to cryptocurrencies.
As that link also shows, it was always intended to work for BTC - in fact, that was going to be the primary version.  The BlackCoin side ended up taking on a larger role due to support from the community for the project.  However, this has led many bitcoin supporters to the unfortunate suspicion that the whole program is an altcoin pump attempt.
Regarding your point about the need to store a lot of BTC to fund the escrow, that's true in some cases (where items being traded are indivisible), but in others this amount can be minimized.
Many sorts of transactions, such as currency exchange, can be broken up into several small transactions, minimizing risk.  You can even sell BTC to someone who has no btc with only a small degree of risk as a seller - you put the first small BTC payment in a contract, and then wait to receive your payment in dollars/check/paypal/what have you, then sign the contract so that the buyer receives their BTC.
In this instance it would be impossible for the buyer to profit from scamming you directly, since they still don't receive the BTC until the seller signs that the contract is completed.  But the seller could still lose BTC into the void if the buyer were to disappear altogether.  This process could then be repeated with larger amounts than the initial BTC float, where an appropriate balance could be chosen between a few larger transactions which may be higher risk, or many smaller transactions that would make the trade a bit more tedious.
@_date: 2014-06-14 02:41:36
Had to go half-way down the page to see anyone point out that the OP's math is flawed, and most people are still disagreeing with you.
There are certainly some valid reasons to want to avoid variance, but many seem to be under the mistaken impression that their average profit will be less.
With increasing difficulty, it's true that you may never catch up to expectation with bad luck.  But you'll also stay well ahead of it with good luck.
The need to avoid variance is a question of personal preference/risk tolerance and whether one could afford a period of bad luck.  But it has no effect at all on average profit, and that doesn't change whether talking about the short-run or long-run.
@_date: 2014-12-10 21:49:18
This is one of the things I'm most curious about, whether or not it's deposit only or if they'll also allow bitcoin withdrawals.
@_date: 2014-11-22 00:49:25


In some ways it is.  In most it isn't.  But that's not bitcoin's fault.
Most of the operators who accept bitcoin are smaller.  You can't tell me that Sealswithclubs is equal to Pokerstars (though the rake is lower).  And the rudimentary "bitcoin casinos" are even farther away from the big software providers like microgaming or playtech.
But like I said, there are some advantages.  Bitcoin itself can be far easier to use than having to mess with various online wallets and banks to actually play.  And the "provably fair" cryptography is an innovation that is only really used by Bitcoin casinos and dice sites.
It will be interesting to see if/when some of the well known sites look into taking Bitcoin, but "know your customer" regulations may make this difficult.
@_date: 2014-11-02 22:13:02


It works until it doesn't.  That sounds like a good strategy in hindsight, but that's because it's easy to gloss over a lot of "false starts" in terms of market recovery if you just focus on the big bubbles.  How can you tell the difference between a $50 upswing that's hit its peak vs one that will become a $150 or $500 upswing?  It's very difficult to do so until it's already happened.
There's a reason many use the phrase "random walk" to describe the markets:
While I don't believe the market is a true random walk, it's a decent approximation for how it will act unless you have good reasons for believing otherwise, particularly in the short term.  Unless you really know what you're doing, day to day trading is mainly a gamble.
@_date: 2014-08-24 18:57:55
If it is a timed contract that goes without resolution, I believe the money would be effectively destroyed.  Same concept as if someone lost their private keys or sent their money to a burn address.
BitHalo would never have control of the money, it's essentially suspended in limbo as code stored on the blockchain until the contract is resolved, so the only people with influence over that money are those who created the contract (that is, who hold the corresponding private keys.)
@_date: 2017-02-03 10:37:40
The main reason I can think of for longer times is to prevent orphan blocks.
But... 10 minutes?  Think that's longer than necessary.  1 minute would probably work, but 3 minutes if you want to be safe.  If you want the same amount of "proof of work" done as longer blocks, you can always wait for additional confirmations for high value transactions.
The annoying thing about 10 minutes is not just the time itself, but the inconsistency.  If you get unlucky enough, you can be waiting 45 minutes for a single confirm.  And if some event causes mining to slow down (price drop, something else), you can be waiting even longer until the difficulty readjusts.
With some smaller coins, waiting for ten 1-minute confirmations is easier than waiting for 1 bitcoin confirmation because you know pretty closely when those confirmations will finish.
@_date: 2017-02-03 10:43:26


So I take it you'd go to a different bank each time?  Maybe there are more banks around that this isn't as much of a hassle as I'm imagining it to be.
@_date: 2017-02-03 08:49:58
That guy was supporting your point and you sit there insulting him.  I guess you're both an asshole and a moron.
@_date: 2017-02-03 09:44:50


Until she stores that password in another word document.
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:52:42
That's not really a "general trend," that's if you bought at the absolute peak - the height of a speculation bubble (possibly even a pump and dump).  By that logic, Bitcoin has been getting killed in the last few months.  People here should be familiar with the volatility.  I wouldn't count Dogecoin out yet - though I wouldn't expect any huge price increases in the next few weeks either.
@_date: 2015-01-01 20:19:49
"Paycoin is for dummies."
-GAW Miners
They don't want smart people who can think, they want stupid people.  Which is true for most scams.
@_date: 2015-01-03 00:52:15
It seems you are right, he does have some connection at least to the "Great Auk Wireless" part.  It certainly would be good if someone could try to contact him and get a statement regarding his current involvement (or lack thereof).
It's certainly possible GAW is trying to leverage a past investor for credibility, and we don't know for sure if he is aware of what's currently going on.  I would think most wall street people wouldn't want their name dragged through the mud with this mess.  I noticed that GAW only mentioned his involvement with Paycoin through indirect means, such as press releases and their forum puppets at hashtalk, so they may be trying to keep deception at least an arm's length away from themselves.
I actually looked for info to contact him through his company a few days ago, but only saw a web contact form and didn't feel like calling the number listed, so if someone else has a better way or feels like trying to contact him through his company's customer service, here's the link:
@_date: 2017-02-04 18:10:49
I know you're probably joking, but cash out if you need rent.
As a first approximation, markets should be treated as random walks.  Meaning if you sell now, on average you're not missing out.  Maybe it will go up, maybe it will go down, but it balances out.  Unless you prefer gambling with your life needs (if you do, by all means go for it), you should cash out.
@_date: 2015-01-05 07:21:51


It's usually the smaller problems that show up before the bigger ones come to light.  Sometimes these exchanges seem to go from some flags and problems here and there to "oops, everybody's money is gone."  They won't always tell you when something is seriously wrong, because they'd lose all their business.
Not saying this is the case or that people should panic, just that there's always a risk, which should not be ignored.
@_date: 2015-01-04 05:11:35
That bullshit isn't gonna fly here.  If you're not going to answer questions now, just say you're not going to answer questions now.
Of course that sort of message is terrible.  But Reddit has a voting system, anyone who said anything like that in the comments would be downvoted to oblivion.  We know that.  You know that.  Don't deflect and misdirect.  People are tired of your games.
@_date: 2014-05-30 05:11:07
Sort of.  It sounds like people were betting on financial derivatives - whether the price is over or under a certain amount at some point in time.
The less volatility and more volume a market has, the harder it is to move, but that just means these financial bets will be made closer to the average.
Barclays shifted the price of gold by around 1% in order to win these $1,000,000 off-market bets - they probably lose substantially by buying out part of the orderbook, but make it back by cheating people on easily manipulated financial bets.
@_date: 2015-01-05 07:40:56
Yeah, assuming I'm reading this right, it just means OP doesn't understand how math works.  If your pool is unlucky, you make less money.  If it's lucky, you make more money.  If you're really unlucky, you actually lose money due to electricity, at least in the short term.  It averages out.
Last I checked, cex.io cloud mining prices were a ripoff anyway though, so it's not surprising that someone purchasing it would be a bit math-impaired.
Can't fault OP for his good intentions, but there are plenty of real scams to focus on (and other problems with cex.io, but this isn't one of them).
@_date: 2015-01-02 07:46:41
Well, it's definitely either him or someone pretending to be him.  The username josg21, talking about how he's "homered" out deals (apparently Homero is his name), and the standard bitcoin internet-sociopath lies about "oh how important I am, I've run several companies worth tens of millions of dollars."  He and the Moolah guy should get together some time, probably have a lot in common.
First post made december 2013 when he probably wasn't on many people's radars, so unlikely that it's someone making a fake account to impersonate him.  Of course, you aren't going to get some magical ironclad evidence, but the chance that it isn't him seems very small.
Here's the profile link:
Not that it will matter to the Paycoin-faithful, I don't see anything damning in the posts and they'll only feel the full force of the irony when their money is gone.
@_date: 2017-02-06 12:29:50
Miners have no interest in destroying the short-term price.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:10:06
I haven't slept in a while, but I believe you're better off just shorting on bitfinex, if you don't mind counterparty risk of holding coins there.
Case one: short 1 btc on bitfinex
Price goes to $100: Win $100
Price goes to $500: Lose $300
Case two: make 1 btc bet
Price goes to $100: Win 1 BTC, worth $100
Price goes to $500: Lose 1 BTC, worth $500
Case three: short 1.333 btc bet on bitfinex
Price goes to $100: Win $133.3
Price goes to $500: Lose $400
@_date: 2015-05-26 12:45:56
The article was assuming constant exponential growth, apparently without understanding or realizing it.
For reference, here is using wolfram alpha to find the "50% of coins owned at 370887 days" point listed in the article.
So what happens if you use the same function with double that number of days?  Well, you own about 5x as many coins as exist, which is impossible.
The logic is flawed, and "rich get richer" has always been a poor argument against Proof of Stake.
@_date: 2015-01-18 15:45:47
Yeah, sounds familiar.  He came to post on Reddit earlier with an excuse that he wouldn't answer any questions because he was being threatened:
(Looks like Rydan even called him out on it there.)
I figured there was at least a 50% chance he made that up himself, but no way to know for sure.  I guess claiming that others are threatening him is a standard tactic in his bag of tricks and lies.  90%+ odds he's a sociopath.
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:04:56
I said math-impaired, not stupid or naive, but to keep the post concise, let's focus on the important part.
Unless I'm misunderstanding your OP, as I said, there is no scam here.  Even ASICS cost significant electricity to run, so there will be short intervals where the pool is not profitable.
Cex.io pays for that electricity whether or not a block is found for a long time (along with facilities and cooling.)  That's what the maintenance fee goes towards.  Why do you feel you should not have to pay for that?  As I said, the math averages out.
For example, let's say a block is found on average once every half hour at a particular pool.  If 12 blocks average 20 minutes each, and one unlucky block takes 2 hours and 30 minutes, that's an average outcome (6.5 hours for 13 blocks).  You still have to pay for electricity when it took 2.5 hours to find a block, even though it's a net loss.
@_date: 2015-01-05 11:26:44
Thanks for your response.  Are the miners at least profitable overall?  That would be horrible mismanagement if not.
I still think that charging for non-profitable blocks is not inherently a scam, though there might be more customer friendly ways to assign the costs, like a fixed fee per block and taking on the variance themselves.
However, from what you've said, they could be scamming on either the true hash rate or the maintenance costs.  It would seem a bit strange if the profitability declined sharply recently, since the network hashrate hasn't increased rapidly in the last couple months.  It's certainly possible people aren't getting the true hash power they pay for, since it's hard to monitor cloud mining - you'd need to know a lot about the total number of customers/hashing contracts that they probably won't provide, and even then they could likely skim some of the profits.
It is certainly good to be vigilant with these things; best of luck with your investigating.
Edit: I guess you could compare your own supposed hash rate vs block shares to see if it's statistically near where it should be, though the mining company could begin stealing if luck was above average.  I'm not sure how maintenance fees are determined for the contracts, but if it's just determined by cex.io themselves, they certainly could be charging excessive maintenance fees to customers.
Edit 2:  From a quick google search, looks like maintenance fees have been the same since September 23rd, which is pretty ridiculous since the network hashrate is up about 50-75% since then, and crypto hardware usually improves at a rapid rate:
Edit 3: If my numbers are right, it looks like that maintenance fee might be too high to make a profit at the current market cap.  Profitability per GHS/month:
1 GHS/333,000,000 GHS * 30 days/month * 24 hours/day * 60 mins/hour * 1 block/9 minutes * 25 btc/block * $272/bitcoin = 9.8 cents (per GHS/month)
But the fee is 10.5 cents per GHS/month
So yeah, if it was stated or implied that the company would keep their mining hardware and maintenance fees competitive, it does appear that miners are getting screwed over here.
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:11:35
Depends on the coin.  I'm not completely familiar with NXT's staking, but the article was talking about transaction fees rather than interest.  Transaction fees won't increase the total coins, interest will.
By the author's own assumption, the # of coins remained the same after ~1000 years, otherwise 500 million would no longer be half of all NXT in existence.
A coin like Blackcoin has 1% interest indefinitely as a reward for staking, so the coins will increase.  But the argument doesn't really work there either.  For example, comparing someone with enough coins to stake hourly vs enough to stake daily, it would take about [2 Billion days]( for the hourly staker to double the value compared to the daily staker.
"Rich get richer" generally doesn't make sense because anyone can stake and get their interest - the compounding effect isn't very big unless we're talking about coins with absurdly high interest rates.
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:12:49
Amazing how Paycoin, the great cryptocurrency of our time, is so easily taken down by "trolls" and small, independent journalists.
Oh, and [Cloudflare somehow being responsible for Paybase leaking customer's names, home addresses, and emails](
And problems with Authy, but only for Paybase members, delaying Paybase's glorious launch.
Oh, and Amazon API not working, probably just not able to handle all of the demand.
And those selfish, short-sighted dumpers, speculators, and profit takers.  GAW would have established the [$20 floor they promised]( but how can a supposed [$100 Million in fiat backing]( possibly defend against the mighty day-trader?  That's not GAW's fault.  No sir.
And the link above reminds me, what happened to that Stuart Fraser guy helping to fund that backing?  Surely this [Twitter account]( and this [LinkedIn account]( are real?  He has some nice words to say [here]( as well, but where did he go?  Is he okay?  Surely, GAW wouldn't lie about the involvement of someone who had nothing to do with them?
It's really sad when your friends aren't there for you.  GAW had some friends, named Amazon, Target, and Walmart.  [But those friends won't even acknowledge they know GAW at all!](  How mean.  How childish!
But it's all okay.  We'll get through this.  [GAW has never led us astray. {1](  Josh is our friend, there for the little guy, cryptocurrency revolutionary.
@_date: 2017-02-06 12:23:58


No one can answer this for you.  Some people would be happy to turn $50 into $100.  Others wouldn't get very excited if their profit from long-term holding was less than $100,000.
Buy an amount that you would be happy if it doubled but wouldn't trouble you too much to lose, or just buy a small amount and wait 5 years and see if it lives up to people's expectations.
And as others said, yeah, there's no money in mining unless you have money to buy a giant warehouse with cheap electricity and have connections to computer equipment manufacturing.
@_date: 2017-02-08 17:32:58
Based on false premises.  Chinese exchange volume was inflated by a factor of 50 (estimate) due to no trade fees.  Look at present volumes and you can see it's already outdated.
It's difficult to say based on exchange info to what extent BTC is used for currency flight rather than speculation.  In terms of actual trade volume posted, almost certainly the latter. (Money moves back and forth far more times than the amount actually held.)
@_date: 2016-12-27 22:23:22
@_date: 2017-04-15 05:14:11
I'm sure they will be perpetually "really close" to getting that audit done.
If we're really lucky maybe they'll do what the poker sites do and find a "regulator" in central america or the caribbean to give them a rubber stamp.
@_date: 2017-04-06 10:16:07
Yeah, people who try to lie and manipulate as blatantly as this likely are going to keep doing what they've been doing as long as they possibly can.
They'll change up the lies, say that this is all completely unrelated to their preference for BU, and possibly even make some threats about using their mining power to get their way.  Maybe they'll even pull off some other kind of crazy tricks.
I think at this point, nothing they do will accomplish what they want, but that doesn't stop them from trying and causing some trouble in the meanwhile.
@_date: 2017-04-21 00:28:49
When they start addressing their users with terms like "money outflows to customers" instead of "withdrawals," you know you're dealing with a sleazy company.
Seriously, look at the language used in this shit, directly from their announcement:






Sounds a lot less scary than "You can't deposit or withdraw anything else than cryptocurrencies right now," doesn't it?  Yet I said more in less space.
@_date: 2017-04-21 01:03:30
It's a shell game.  They're the same, just with a layer of legal separation to cover their asses.
@_date: 2017-04-04 21:00:33


Not sure i agree with that, many decided to sell off rather than risk trusting a company already proving that couldn't responsibly manage the money, and the rest got paid back less than the btc would have been worth.  Absolutely agree with everything else.
Edit: Well, I guess you may have meant they only got partially screwed instead of 100% screwed, so maybe I mistook your meaning a bit.
Edit2:  lol at making the decision to reduce our reserves in favor of this opportunity" from the article linked.   How generous that they decided to give people back their own money that Bitfinex were withholding in favor of PR.
@_date: 2017-04-15 05:36:45
It's all talk, delays, and excuses until we see it happen.
Maybe it's true.  Maybe it's just the delaying tactics of a dishonest company.
@_date: 2017-04-21 01:11:47
No, it's because sites like coinbase and gemini comply with money transmitter regulations, while bitfinex pretends they don't exist.
Not making a case one way or another for which is better, but that's why coinbase and gemini are fine while bitfinex just had half their business shut down.  Compliance is incredibly tedious and expensive, and generally means you send all the customer info you have to the U.S. government when asked or face problems, but it provides some security/solvency guarantees for customers.
I don't think it's likely that bitfinex will find reliable, inexpensive usd deposit and withdrawal methods ever again, but we'll see.
This is why the online gambling industry in the U.S. was basically destroyed - no payment processing available, and workarounds involve questionable legality and consistency along with very high costs.
@_date: 2017-04-15 16:47:31


Some people would be concerned that this INCREASES the relative chance that they're running a fractional reserve.  If it was not possible for them to do based on estimates of profits, then I can see 3 main possibilities:
1. Profits were earned faster than expected.
2. Bitfinex held back more money than people were aware of, then paid back all at once (withheld a substantial amount of "haircut" money?)
3. Bitfinex is operating as a fractional reserve, and paid people out of others deposits (technically, BFX tokens converted to cash in people's accounts haven't been paid out either until actually withdrawn)
If people didn't think it was possible, they should consider which premise of theirs was most likely to be wrong, and which of the above is most likely.  I saw a chart someone posted with about 85% of token redemptions taking place within about the last month, which is a bit fishy if accurate.
@_date: 2017-04-05 02:11:10
I swear bitfinex must be shilling on here.
Preferring this result to a multi-year government liquidation?  Fine, completely reasonable.
Singing Bitfinex's praises and letting them off the hook for their complete lack of financial transparency and withholding of an unknown amount of financial "reserves" after the hack?  While they opened up a market to sell their "token?"  On an exchange that already admitted owners trade there?  When the rational decision for a user without insider information was probably to dump your tokens for any reasonable price immediately, giving insiders an enormous edge?
Not so fine.
(I still think there's a good chance they used fake trading to at a minimum jumpstart their liquidity, otherwise I would have expected a mass exodus and low trade volumes, which would have meant worthless tokens after a week or two.)
@_date: 2017-04-13 07:49:33
Or it'll convince bystanders that there's a legitimate "debate," rather than one side trying to fleece everybody else.
Call me cynical, but I don't think the guy is going to change his mind over twitter, especially if he has economic incentives not to.
Edit: And as others pointed out, this was almost certainly a manipulated drop.  Market started slowly, continuously selling a couple hours before the dip, starting with futures exchanges before pushing down the market itself.
Convincing him that he's wrong would be about the same as finding a robber in your house and trying to convince him that stealing is morally wrong, while he's robbing you.
@_date: 2017-04-15 05:34:42


lol that's so much bullshit.  I'm sure the BFX tokens were far too complex for the shallow minds of an auditor to process.
If there's anything outside of an auditor's area of expertise, it's dealing with unique forms of debt. 
Oh wait, it's literally what they do and they're used to dealing with corporations with incredibly complicated and disperse corporate structures in several different countries designed to take advantage of hundreds of pages of tax code throughout multiple countries.
But the idea of a "debt instrument we don't want to call a debt instrument so we won't be legally liable" was way too much for them.
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:14:47
I'm not entirely a fan of how this sub is run sometimes, but...
r/btc has proven themselves way worse.  Whether or not core is perfect or has flaws to be addressed, r/btc has clearly been on the wrong side of the debate, and it's now basically been 100% proved with this new info.  There's no "debate" left.
I'd rather take the occasional censorship that people complain about here over constant, outright shilling on r/btc.
@_date: 2017-04-15 05:09:37
If they collapse it's going to **** up the market for a while and be another black spot on btc's reputation.
Plus, I don't want to see others getting scammed.  Is that really so hard to understand?
@_date: 2017-04-05 02:00:57
Exchange gambles on price movements - loses.  Short on money.
Invents hack.  Gives users "haircut."  Buys back tokens from those who sell at 1/3rd value.
Add fake volume to the exchange and continue to gamble with user funds because at this point - what do you have to lose if things go wrong?  If it doesn't work out you were screwed anyway.  Faking volume gets you more liquidity, and having the most liquidity guarantees traders will come to you = real profits.
Particularly if they held reserves in BTC, this = $$$.  BTC price doubles?  Users get your money back in dollars - those who didn't sell at a steep discount (to BFX themselves?).  If BTC price had gone to $250 instead?  Good luck ever seeing that money.  Even if they were honest, low price = low volumes and fees, taking years to repay, if ever.  All risk to the user, all profits to the exchange.
Maybe something like this happened, maybe it didn't, but they gave users basically zero financial transparency after the hack.  They've also admitted prevously that owners trade on their own exchange and see no problem with it.
Edit: There are also ways to cheat margin traders and stop orders if you have insider info and virtually no way to catch them other than to suspect that they "might" be doing it.
@_date: 2017-04-07 02:32:06


While Bitmain is obviously saying this as a hail mary towards the gullible, I wonder if they are dumb enough to actually believe it.
If you increase the efficiency of everyone's miners, it doesn't increase the security, it just washes out.  (Well, it would possibly defend a bit against botnets, but I don't think that's a threat.)
So you increase the hashes securing bitcoin by like 30%... then decrease the cost to perform a hash by the same amount... it would still cost the same amount to generate the amount of hashes needed to attack the network.
No benefit to bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-18 14:52:50


Show me any piece of financial transparency they've ever released since they've been hacked (actual numbers of their reserves and holdings.)
Where are the "professional audits" they claim to have on their tether site?  It's right there on the front page in big, bright PR speak, but no one has ever seen it.
I'm not saying Bitfinex is certainly insolvent, but all their PR-speak and "trust us, we're already looking into that!" that never materializes are all just a smoke screen until we see real info.
Also, read what the founder of bitfinex says here defending the famous "pirateat40" ponzi schemer and you should never trust bitfinex again:
