@_author: asdfxk
@_date: 2016-09-14 07:21:34
I've e-mailed my Macreconomic Analysis teacher to ask him if he could be the supervisor of my thesis.
What you just mentioned is one of my greatest fears: That he rejects being the supervisor of my theme due to the blatant prejudice against Bitcoin by the Academy.
The fact of the matter is: Bitcoins are nowadays a form of transaction more relevant than ever before. Price charts of BTC/USD clearly confirm that the bitcoin price behavior does not fit the typical "bubble-burst" of new technologies. The markets are clearly signaling Bitcoins are steadily becoming a widespread form of transaction. The adoption of bitcoin transactions by companies (including giant international companies) is growing at an exponential rate. Those are undisputable facts.
I do realize my thesis theme defies traditional macroeconomics theory, and that's what makes me even more excited to pursue my research on this theme. One of the main purposes of the thesis is to provide undisputable proof that the digital currency is here to stay, and the individuals previously shouting that it was just a new technology subject to a typical price bubble are no longer in a position of coherently maintaing their statements.
@_date: 2016-09-14 09:12:24
GREAT source of knowledge. Precisely what I was looking for. This allows me to get as much info as I want to, or find fit to entirely understand the bitcoin mechanics.
It both allows me to just have a grasp on how bitcoin works, or have a very advanced level of knowledge on this theme.
Truly appreciated, thank you very much. Best source so far on the workings of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:40:03
I do think including capital flows spices up the math and models involved so it only adds to the thesis interest and scope of analysis.
The bimetallic system was brilliantly reminded, thank you so much. I'm not aware of any sound robust models involving the bimetallic system specifically, but it might be worth it to research a few reference academic papers to check what valuable work has been performed on the analysis of this two-pegged currency brief period in history.
My teacher has just replied he does not have the time at the moment but will take a close look at my suggestions in a few hours. Perhaps in a few hours I'll have an answer, if my thesis theme is accepted for a PhD dissertation, and if I can count on my Macro Analysis teacher to supervise my PhD dissertation!
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:57:34
Actual field work would fall much better into an Econometrics PhD specialization, as analysis of actual transactions and the resulting data should be empirically tested against some model.
The problem lies here: Even though there are a few academic research papers on bitcoin, none of which I searched for analyzed and modeled a two domestic currency economy (the fiat currency and the crypto currency).
That is something that I have not found in research literature so far. So there are no models or equations to fit in the data collected and test their veracity.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:18:00
Great to hear a fellow bitcoin reseacher. My sincere congratz for gowing forward with the Bitcoin research in your Master's degree, you got some balls to defy mainstream economics in a Masters' thesis.
I will attempt to do the same on a more detailed level, in a research paper for a PhD. Waiting for my teacher's reply anytime soon.
@_date: 2016-09-14 16:01:30
Thank you for the valuable input, your suggestions are greatly appreciated and potentially add value and content to my dissertation.
@_date: 2016-09-15 04:17:24
Do not forget monetary policy is not the only one instrument used by governments to counter recessions.
The assumption of BTC as a major currency adopted by modern economies for transaction of goods and services would simply imply governments/central banks could not manipulate money supply, and as such, could not make use of monetary policy to incentivize private and public spending to counter recessionary spirals.
There are however other instruments a government can still use under the BTC currency system to fuel economic growth. The main one being counter-cyclical fiscal policy: the government could still run budget surplus in BTC currency on an expansionary phase of the economy, to allow for running a defiicit on recessionary phases of the economy, increasing public spending as a way of fueling GDP growth and employment through the multiplier effect of public spending. This is known as cyclically balanced budget. It seems to me the adoption of the BTC currency system has no impact on the fiscal policy employed by governments.
@_date: 2016-09-14 12:13:02


I did not affirm it would be necessary to peg the dollar to a given bitcoin value, that statement was made by and I quote:


I was just stating that if that were the case, it would be a reverse to the gold standard era.


A standard is effectively a specific type of Fixed/Pegged exchange rate system. In fact, [the gold standard is widely known to be one of the most famous fixed exchange rate systems.]( The fact that you are defining that your currency is worth a fixed amount of gold is effectively pegging your currency to the gold supply. That is undisputable. Also, where do you support your claims that Pegs are impossible to maintain ad eternum while standards are sustainable?


How do you suggest Central Banks expand the monetary base freely in a pegged currency regime? By definition, you must have a currency fluctuating in value accordingly to another currency. This means expanding and contracting both domestic currency and foreign currency reserves, according to the fluctuations of a given currency (the foreign currency). By definition, you cannot use monetary policy in fixed-exchange rate regimes.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:26:28
Exactly. Keynesian theory seemed to fit the data as any other randomly chosen policy for economic growth would also seem fit: When economies all over Europe were devastated and the United States had plunged into its biggest recession ever, it's not hard to grow at insane rates to pick up lost GDP, Keynesian theory just happened to be the most sound at the moment. Basically it was a theory employed on the right places, at the right time, in economies that had no other way to go but upwards.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:21:17
My motivation is that I believe and have very strong evidence suggesting that Bitcoins will play a major role in the grand majority of transactions of goods and services across the world over the next few decades.
I believe I can develop a research paper that is pioneer in the type of Macroeconomic impact analysis I propose to perform. I do believe I will be discredited at first, but later on my strongest motivation is that my paper is a reference as pioneer investigation into the impacts of crypto currency on modern economies.
@_date: 2016-09-14 15:52:08
Nice discussion we had here nevertheless, despite the misunderstandings. Always good to debate different perspectives. I have little doubt you must have a greater understanding of the Austrian School of Thought than I do, given the debate we had, but I do have at least intermediate knowledge (even though admittedly limited) on the subject.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:44:09
I have downloaded your master thesis to my computer, thank you for freely sharing your research material.
May I know in which context was this MSc thesis performed (which masters degree were you on?)?
@_date: 2016-09-14 20:37:12
The teacher accepted to be the supervisor of my PhD thesis. He said the bitcoin study could very well fall under the broader category of Currency Substitution (coexistence of domestic currencies).
I'm officially with one foot in my PhD to develop a thesis on truly innovative material and research. Apparently Currency Substitution is a theme already covered by quite a few Economists, so my biggest aim is not to re-invente the wheel with new models and equations, but to refine already existing models, test them with widely available market data on prices of BTC/USD or BTC/EUR, and give a step further in the research on this field.
So it will not be exclusively focusing on Bitcoins, but it will focus on how the economy will run when Bitcoin becomes (inevitably) a second domestic currency for most developed economies.
@_date: 2016-09-14 12:00:52
Think about it this way: The gold standard era was a period where nations decided widely to peg their national currency to gold. For example, the United States fixed the price of gold at $20.67 an ounce.
The purpose of monetary policy is to make money cheaper or more expensive in function of how the economy is behaving. When the economy delves into a recession, governments start printing money and buying Treasury Bills to banks in mass, effectively "flooding" banks with money. As banks have a higher supply of money in their hands, the price for borrowing money, that is, the interest rates, go down. As interest rates lower, borrowing and spending increases, increasing private consumption and public spending, thus countering the trend of recession and giving "fuel" to the economy.
If you define that your currency is worth $20.67 an ounce, you can never make money "cheaper" to borrow and spend because you defined that your currency would be pegged to gold by that amount. In other words, a fixed exchange rate or pegged exchange rate regime, be it pegged to gold or to another currency, effectively nulifies all monetary policy.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:22:08
This is a very important point you raised and one of the main arguments why many economists consider that bitcoins cannot be a candidate for the main currency used for transactions: Because its supply is fixed at 21 Million, as the demand for bitcoins increase, the price of goods and services decreases as bitcoins increases in value. This in turn only incentivizes economic agents to hoard their money with the expectation of decreasing prices in the future in BTC thus fueling a spiral of deflation.
This would be another important argument in my thesis, thank you for reminding me. There are several arguments for and against this case. The Austrian school of thought challenges the widespread view that deflation necessarily ruins an economy.
@_date: 2016-09-14 12:56:40


Ok, now I get your point. You're stating that the fact that gold was effectively backing up the fiat currency makes the fixed-exchange regime of the gold standard different from any other pegged exchange rate (for example peggin the Euro to the Dollar). It makes difference in terms of actually having a factual amount of a given commodity (gold) to back up your money, but it's still considered pegging the value of your currency to the supply of gold. USD/XAU (dollars versus gold) fixed exchange rate regime is no different than USD/EUR fixed exchange rate regime, in terms of economic implications. In the first case you manipulate your gold reserves and your dollar supply to maintain the USD constant in terms of XAU (gold). In the second case you manipulate your Euro reserves and your dollar supply to maintain the USD constant in terms of dollars.


That is not monetary policy in the sense of affecting the value of your currency versus another currency, interest rates, inflation, etc. You are sitrctly stating that printing paper is possible by governments to pay their debts AS LONG as they pay it back later (causing a balance of payments desequilibrium). But the value of the currency remains fixed, just as inflation and interest rates. So yes, in a sense you can use "monetary policy" but not to influence target interest rates or inflation, just to run deficits in the balance of payments that will need to be paid back in the future.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:15:37
Divisibility of Bitcoins down to 8 decimal places surely makes it a currency with a unique, fascinating profile of its own.
@_date: 2016-09-14 11:29:09
That would in effect mean a reverse to the gold standard era, with the difference that instead of gold standard era it would be bitcoin standard era. If you peg a currency to bitcoins you immediately lose autonomous control over the supply and demand for your currency since, by definition, you chose to peg your currency to a decentralized currency.
You cannot have autonomous control over your own currency and have pegged exchange rate system at the same time. When you have a pegged exchange rate system, your currency will fluctuate according to the currency you chose to peg to.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:00:30
I think I sent an e-mail to the right person to put his "ass on the line" for this kind of academic challenging research. Just hope he accepts my thesis suggestion and agrees to be my supervisor.
@_date: 2016-09-14 21:54:05
That's because you're considering consumption at a very low level in terms of financial impact. If you were to buy a car or a house instead of a toy, a 5% deflation rate makes a big difference in your pocket. If you take into account the cumulative exponential effect of deflation over deflation over deflation, you can easily understand why economic agents have a strong incentive to hoard their currency when significant deflation sets in.
@_date: 2016-09-14 15:07:49
My aim is to consider a range of future possible scenarios, a spectrum of future possible outputs regarding the development and adoption of the crypto-currency by modern economies. So I aim at studying the limit-case: Bitcoin takes over all domestic currencies and transforms itself into the only form of currency we possess (in which case monetary policy would be rendered useless), but also the less extreme, more plausible scenario: A coexistence of two domestic currencies simultaneously: in the case of the US, the USD and the BTC. In that case, the monetary base (M1 and M2) would be partially composed of USD and partially composed of BTC. That being said, monetary policy use for manipulating the economy would be less-effective, but still somehow possible. I would carefully examine this case, in which fiscal stimulus would take over as the main fuel for the economy given that monetary stimulus would partially lose its effectiveness.
So it's not as simples as "bitcoins takes over everything: no more monetary policy". Different extents and rates of adoption of the digital currency would yield different results. Analysis of inflation when you consider an economy with two coexistent domestic currencies is also extremely interesting, as well as interest rates. Taxation of transactions in BTC by the government and what to do with the resulting taxed amount (would the government immediately convert it to its fiat currency to maximize its potential to exert monetary stimulus and drive down the value of its "rival" currency?) are also topics of great interest.
You do raise important and pertinent points, I just think you oversimplified what I would be analyzing in my thesis, or maybe I oversimplified what I wrote in my OP.
@_date: 2016-09-14 11:15:49
Thank you for the reading material, will give it a go soon.
@_date: 2016-09-14 09:44:40
Any and all suggestions on readings that potentially help me understand how a "bitcoin economy" would run are more than welcome, thank you for your time spent on your explanation and for the reading material provided.
As for the bias in schooling, it is real indeed. Take into consideration I hold a Masters degree in Economics from the best school of Economics in my country. However, as I progressed through my studies and searched for views that challenged our school of thought, it became clear we are blatantly forced into learning solely Keynesian literature, views of the economy and respective models.
One does not need to go so far as to claim Rothbard's literature is being ignored by the Academy. More shockingly and (un)impressive, we never got to read any literature regarding the Austrian school of thought, we were effectively forced to read extensively the Keynesian view and treat it as the holy bible of Economics. Five years of education, after getting a BSc and MSc in Economics, I found myself to have only seen one small fish in a big pond full of them.
There is undisputable bias worldwide in Economics higher education.
EDIT: Ok I may have put too much emphasys on the Keynesian view, to the point that it might have seemed that we never learned any models outside this theory.
We did learn other views and models, which included neoclassical models, IS-LM, among others.
What I really meant with my post was that the main emphasis of my college was put into the Keynesian model. We went beyond Keynesian Theory, but we never got to learn schools of thought that **confronted** the keynesian assumptions and model. In my view, it should be mandatory to learn the Austrian school of thought in an Economics undergraduate or masters degree.
@_date: 2016-09-14 07:47:15
Thank you for your truly valuable input. Good suggestions.
One thing I can't thoroughly understand is why you suggest fitting the bitcoin currency system in the Keynesian model. 
The very fact the it is a decentralized currency, not subject to manipulation by any one individual or entity, and has a ceiling for the total amount of currency in circulation defies the Keynesian model by denying one of its strongest assumptions: That under the Keynes' model not only public spending has a multiplier effect but investment is also admitedly dependent on interest rate expectations, opening the possibility of regulating the economy through money supply changes via monetary policy. Since digital currencies are not subject to manipulation, monetary policy analysis becomes a futile exercise.
@_date: 2016-09-14 15:35:26
Wait a minute...
On your previous post you said, and I quote:


Now you claim:


Seems like you're not explaining yourself too well. As I have stated before, one of the Austrian school of thought aspects I digress is the assumption that all economic agents are fully rational. That's basically it. I understand that you're trying to prove a point here: that there's no such thing as irrational behavior by agents, but incomplete information across all agents and misinterpretation of this information precisely due to its incomplete content.
While understand that rationale, I do not believe in it. I strongly believe human behavior is not rational all the time (and thus predictable), I do believe we are beings that although rational, are subject to bouts of irrationality in the presence of the right context.
Take for example, the time-preference utility curve for individuals in developing economies. Basically most individuals in developing economies have a very hard time in saving, even if the reward for saving their income is huge. Now when forced by a group scheme, to save their income, after they get their income + interests they state "I'm clearly better off saving part of my income instead of spending it all". Yet when taken off the group scheme, they again induce in impulsive spending behavior of all the present income, not saving to receive interest on their money.
I realize this is a Microeconomic Analysis but it goes to show how irrational the human being can be: An individual can recognize that he is better off saving part of his income for the future, yet constantly engage in irrational impulsive behavior of spending all his disposable income in the present and then regretting it.
If this does not prove irrationality of economic agents, then I don't know what to do to explain to you how the human being can be irrational, particularly when acting in group actions. You should try giving a go at some light human psychology readings and perhaps then you will conclude that we, human beings, often engage in irrational, unfounded and unreasonable behavior, SPECIALLY when acting within a group mentality like the ones present in asset price bubbles. 
@_date: 2016-09-14 12:16:58
Thank you very much for those facts and news, I am admitedly uninformed regarding those events and had no idea banks attempted to build their own blockchain.
Many thanks for the update.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:58:25
I am fully prepared to be object of ridicule when my Macroeconomic Analysis teacher reads my e-mail asking for his opinion on my thesis theme and asking for his orientation on the thesis preparation.
Furthermore, I am also prepared that in the event that my Macroeconomics teacher does not burst into laughter at my goal in my PhD, I will be severely criticized and put under question in my oral thesis defence by Macroeconomics teachers that are fully formatted to have only one view of the economy and hold Keynes and his General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money over anything else in the whole economic theory spectrum.
My goal is to be a challenger of the Academy, not to please and amaze Macroeconomic teachers by licking their balls stating that BTC are doomed to failure due to being a (supposedly) deflationary currency, or performing a thesis explaning how we could never have BTC as the main transaction currency for all goods and services, despite clear market evidence (one only needs to take a look at the BTC/USD pair chart) that the digital currency will play a major role in the future decades.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:40:28
Yes, I am aware of the assumptions behind the Austrian Economics view. I mostly tend to agree to their assumptions and models. I've studied the Austrian School of Economic Thought extensively after concluding my MSc in Economics, in an attempt to diversify my views on the mechanics of modern economics.
But I also find its theory rather incomplete. I do not think, in an Austrian economy, we would be void of irrational bubbles, but they would occur much more spaced out in between, and the post-bubble depression would heal much faster. This is because, precisely as you state, people don't always make rational choices. Independently of monetary policy control or not, I do believe price bubbles would occur because different economic agents would eventually misinterpret (for example) the potential of a new technology, and would still pour tons of money into its industry, effectively reaching a point where prices would go up just because they were expected to increase, without any relation to the real value of the asset. But I do believe these events would be much rarer because I believe that the grand majority of our recessions have been caused by Central Banks setting interest rates too low for too long after a recession hit, attracting malinvestment and giving rise to a new bubble-burst cycle.
I do believe one field of immense interest regarding the rationality of economic agents is Behavioral Economics - the study of the behavior of different economic agents under different conditions, including irrational behaviors.
@_date: 2016-09-14 08:18:16
Sorry but I couldn't follow your thoughts on this one. Take into account I'm fairly uninformed regarding bitcoins, my attempt at performing a dissertation on this subject has concomitantly the purpose and desire of understanding how the mechanics behind the bitcoin system and the latest developments and reactions by all economic agents to the digital currency.
What do you mean by bank attempts at "blockchain" technology? I'm entirely unaware of such events and would greatly appreciate if you could inform me of such events, or point me in the right direction with the help of an article of your choice.
Thanks for the help so far.
@_date: 2016-09-14 11:33:34
Im sincerely grateful for all the material and insights provided. As I have edited my post, just to clarify, I have learned neoclassical models, IS-LM, Mundel-Flemming, etc. We just never really learned a school of thought that directly comfronted and defied the views of Keynes, as the Austrian school of thought does.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:48:55
Valuable input to add to my comment that clarifies how deflation through hoarding/dishoarding and credit market equilibria is not only acceptable but a necessary process to reach equilibrium in markets without the intervention of central banks' monetary policy.
Thank you.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:10:40


There is no irrationality in action, for example. Misinterpretation / incomplete information is an inherent assumption in human action. Speculation is a fundamental factor in action. And people like Rothbard (and Mises and friends) have produced truck loads of material analysing and debunking the effects of all of the above misconceptions that would be pretty hard to miss.
I did not state the Austrian school of thought defended the assumption that there is no irrationality in action.
What I did state is that I strongly believe there are periods of irrationality in human behavior, which is where my view deviates from the Austrian economics view. I find your comment rather insulting given that in no point across my post I stated that the Austrian view assumed irrational behavior by economic agents. That is my personal view of the workings of the economy, and I clearly stated that I did find the Austrian theory rather incomplete, and that a field of great interest is Behavioral Economics.
I don't get why you're constantly trying to correct my posts and distorting things I've said, making me look like an uninformed, poorly educated guy on Economics. I'd be thankful if you took your time to read my posts with more attention, i.e.: 


I'm obviously being purposely paradoxical here. I am defending an Austrian economy in the sense of simply non-existence of a Central Bank to control the money supply and interfere with interest rates and inflation. Then I'm stating that in my own view, we would still be subject to price bubbles in that case.


I do not believe in this theory, and I have all the right to digress with your opinion. The subprime crisis is a perfect example of how people can behave irrationally. Take into account the fact that people were making zero downpayments for the house and using the mortgage value as a collateral, because they believed a year later the house would be worth more than today, so even if they ended up with no income to pay for the house rent, they would just sell the house and even make a net profit for the price increase. This is pure and simple irrational behavior: You invest into an asset because you believe that asset will be worth more in the future. But the only reason that leads you to believe the asset will be worth more is the fact that everybody on the market thinks prices for the housing market will increase. You basically have economic agents that believe in a sustainable, self-fulfilling prophecy: because they expect prices to go up, they buy, then prices effectively go up, reinforcing the trend and expectations of prices to keep increasing. An asset becomes ever increasing in value due to a self-fulfilling prophecy. That is irrational behavior, no one economic agent behaving rationally truly believes the real value of an asset is assessed through an ever increasing expectation of its value to increase.
@_date: 2016-09-14 09:19:56
I myself was unaware of the work and publications of this Economist.
Why do you suggest such a strong similarity between gold and Bitcoins to the point of plainly substituting "gold" with "bitcoin"?
At first glance I can think of many similarities between both currencies (or commodities as gold is referred to nowadays): Both have a limited supply, both cannot be created or destroyed artificially by central banks to instrumentalize monetary policy, both are a decentralized form of currency.
However, taking into account I have a beginner level of understanding of bitcoins, is it that simple that fundamentally both currencies behave identically and have the same impact on all economic agents when used as a currency for transaction of goods and services?
Thank you for your input, much appreciated.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:38:14
First and foremost while I expect a fair amount of criticism, I do hope I can provide sound theory and models in my dissertation to, given my set of assumptions, convince judges that the output will be as I predict.
So I'm not going to fight a losing battle. I firmly believe that my PhD judges will be flexible enough to "imagine a world full of bitcoins", even if they currently don't believe bitcoins will thrive. So basically my thesis will always have academic value, because it will study an hypothesis: the standardization of Bitcoins as a means of payment for mostly all transactions. Even if the judges do not believe this will happen, the dissertation maintains its value for analyzing the hypothesis of having modern economies heavily dependent on a decentralized crypto currency.
From there onwards, I will construct my thesis and analyze the economic impact across all agents.
That way I do believe even if the judges are full of prejudice against the crypto currency and do not believe in its development, they will still value the thesis for considering an hypothetical scenario.
My MSc thesis was also an hypothetical one: It analyzed the economic impact of insulating a cement production factory, attributing a negative euro-value to each decibel of noise produced by the factory. Since the beginning I already knew the economic cost of insulating the factory would greatly exceed the social cost of the noise emissions by all measurements. Still my aim was to prove, through a meta-analysis, that this insulation policy would be insane in terms of economic costs.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:52:47
Nice, it does seem quite detailed while taking the reader from the very beginner level of understanding to an advanced level of understanding.
Thank you so much for sharing, it will prove extremely useful should my thesis theme be accepted for the PhD.
@_date: 2016-09-14 12:15:27
Many thanks for the valuable reading material, very interesting and potentially very useful for my preparation, if my thesis theme is accepted.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:14:32
Thank you for that piece of information. I thought the 8 decimal places were a fixed limit. Basically bitcoins can theoretically be divided into any amount wanted, right?
And who determines that code change, by the way?
@_date: 2016-09-14 21:55:01
Thank you for the media resources. My thesis has just been accepted by my macro techer :)
@_date: 2016-09-14 12:40:35
You raise the important point that is, the propensity to consume "now" instead of later, and the fact that Bitcoin was invented for performing normal currency transactions.
I'd raise an even more important point: Bitcoins are not deflationary because they will never be the ONLY currency available in the economy. So independently of having a fixed amount of Bitcoins in circulation, they will always be worth some value against another currency, i.e.: BTC/USD. Bitcoins will eventually continue to fluctuate in price versus the USD. This means they will have an equilibria price, and their demand will fluctuate making this price fluctuate. Because these two currencies will coexist, bitcoin is not inherently deflationary.
Now consider the remote hypothesis that BTC become the one and only currency in the entire world. Then one must admit that BTC are deflationary: Because the total supply of BTC is fixed and the demand for BTC is ever increasing as the economy expands, the prices of goods in terms of BTC will necessarily decrease over time. But this raises a paradox: People will hoard their BTC instead of spending, waiting constantly for "tomorrow" to spend on cheaper goods. This would increase the BTC demand exponentially and would postpone consumption. Eventually, a bubble would be created in the price of BTC (even if there were to be no fiat currencies, we would still have gold and silver, the value of a currency is always relative to another currency/commodity), and people would realize BTC wouldn't be worth that value. That bubble would burst, decreasing the value of BTC sharply and increasing the value of goods and services in terms of BTC as well. So in a scenario where people would forever hoard BTC, it would be both a deflationary and inflationary currency, alternating.
This is all taking into account that a deflationary scenario ruins an economy and postpones consumption. The Austrian School of Thought considers that deflation is not problematic as long as hoarding/dishoarding of a currency is performed in order to reach a money and credit market equilibria, so there's inherently nothing wrong with the right kind of deflation.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:22:16
This is, it's hard to predict a world where there's absolutely no fiat currency and the only means of transaction is digital curency. But yes, you are correct, in the event of a crypto currency becoming the main currency for all transactions and services across the world, then monetary policy would become useless. The government would effectively had to control over the total supply of money, interest rates, inflation/deflation rate, etc. It would be the closest we'd be to pure Austrian Economics where Central Banks do not interfere in the market's equilibrium interest rates and inflation at every point in time.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:41:39
Yes mate, I am aware of that, thanks. As I've stated in the end of my post:


@_date: 2016-09-14 09:33:14
First and foremost thank you very much for your detalied analysis and for the points and questions raised by you.
I was particularly intrigued by your last paragraph:


I can't grasp the concept of monetary supply policy when considering Bitcoin as a candidate for a future worldwide reference currency, used as a means of trade for all kinds of goods and services provided by all modern and developing economies. Monetary policy is mainly performed via injection or absorption of the total amount of currency in circulation in each singular economy. While this operation is performed through the purchase or sale of treasury bills, what lies underneath is the creation of fiat currency by governments to perform such operations, which allows them to influence target interest rates, inflation, and incentivise investment and overall borrowing and spending. If one is to admit a digital currency as the main mean of transaction in an economy, he must dismiss the possibility of creating money "out of thin air" by the government, since the currency is by definition decentralized and impossible to create by any one entity.
How would you suggest governments could still run a sound monetary policy with a currency with such properties under circulation?
@_date: 2016-09-14 17:17:33
Very interesting topics of research and ideas we're getting with this discussion regarding the coexistence of a fait domestic currency and a digital currency, both simultaneously in circulation at the same time.
Thank you for your truly valuable input on this topic. I hadn't thought about analyzing international capital flows, that was a great idea that adds content and substance to the whole Macroeconomic Analysis. Great thinking!
@_date: 2016-09-14 15:43:29
Hey there,
You are correct, I'm admittedly uninformed regarding the workings and mechanics behind the Bitcoin market. However note that the PhD thesis only starts on September 2017. I have more than enough time to study thoroughly the mechanics behind the crypto-currency in depth. That's precisely one of my goals for the time being, while my thesis theme is still pending acceptance.
@_date: 2016-09-14 16:48:47
You touch exactly on the right topics I have in mind to develop my thesis. Those are precisely the kind of interesting questions to be raised and answered in my thesis. How would an economy demand for money behave if the monetary base is composed of two domestic currencies? And if one offers a lower interest rate, it presents an predictably stable equilibria between currencies: demand for the lower interest rate currency would increase, fueling the increase of that currency's interest rate. Simultaneously, the higher interest rate currency would suffer from a shortage of demand (demand that shifted to the lower interest rate currency), basically forcing lending institutions to decrease the interest rates. In the end, in pure macroeconomic equilibrium, both interest rates would meet at the same identical level. And what about the relative price between currencies? If one of the currencies is devalued when compared to the other, then it would necessarily present high inflation and thus a higher interest rate to compensate investors.
All these relationships are incredibly interesting to study and to study different possible outcomes for different hypothesis. It truly gives me a gigantic margin for research material in my thesis.
Thank you for the historic reference, much appreciated and will be studied.
@_date: 2016-09-14 08:43:19
Hi Thank you very much for this collection of FAQs, at first glance it already seems to pose questions and answers to many topics I had in mind and also many I hadn't thought of.
Truly appreciate it.
@_date: 2016-09-14 16:09:53
The first two paragraphs of your post resume my current dilemma: If this teacher does not approve supervising my thesis I can see no other macroeconomics teacher I had that is willing to do so. And I need to have a thesis supervisor that agrees to help with my dissertation to apply for a given theme in my PhD.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:34:02
Pretty much what 99% of Macreconomics teachers in college wants to hear and holds truth above all else, not admitting any view that challenges any of the bullet points listed above.
Impressive how current economic theory taught in the most prestigious schools of economics in the world contains views, assumptions and models that did not held truth since the current global economic crisis began, and continue not to. Despite all this, economics continues to be taught in the exact same way as 20 years ago, with the exact same reading material.
@_date: 2016-09-14 22:41:47
Bitcoins do not imply the whole banking infrastructure would be obsolete, there could be banks borrowing and lending Bitcoins just as they do with USD or EUR, remember banks' entire business model relies on collecting savings in a massive scale paying a lower interest rate to depositors, and then lending those savings to efficient individuals and businesess, effictively assuring optimal allocation of resources and assuring (in very simple terms) that Savings = Investment.
That would not change in an economy where the transaction currency would be Bitcoins. But banks' profits also depend heavily on transaction taxes, management of account taxes, etc. As owning a BTC wallet is free of costs and transaction of BTC is made without any bank intervention, this rent would be lost by banks and would effectively be transfered to individuals owning a BTC wallet.
Also, as BTC is a decentralized form of currency, in an economy ruled by BTC government would lose all power to exert monetary policy (decreasing interest rates on recession cyces to mitigate the recession, effectively making borrowing money cheaper, thus incentivating immediate consumer borrowing and spending, government spending, and thus giving the economy the "fuel" it needs to pick up economic activity and grow once again).
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:10:40
Yes, but that is changing our perspectives the the Austrian School of Thought. I do share many of their views. In particular, mainstream Keynesian economics is full of assumptions that simply do not hold true in the real world.
1. Governments don't run fiscal deficits to fuel employment and public spending in the interest of the general population, instead they make arrangements with big semi-private companies to spend the money irresponsibly (in Portugal we had a big case of public-private partnership companies where the government invested billions and ran a continuous deficit in inefficient activities for the interest of these companies)
2. People do not always make rational choices
3. Lower interest rates to "fuel" the economy do not attract sound investment. Instead, they attract investments that wouldn't be worth it at a 3% interest rate but are worth at a 1.5% interest rate. So they attract lower ROI investments, effectively ruining the economy and attracting mal investments. Lower interest rates also constantly mark the beginning of the bubble in asset prices by making money far too cheap for far too long.
4. Information is not public, widely and equally available to all economic agents.
@_date: 2016-09-14 11:50:46
Yes, pretty much. That was one of the disadvantages of the gold standard period. Mainstream Economics believes that recessions can be mitigated and dampened by the instrumentalization of monetary policy. Back in the days of the gold standard, money supply was determined by gold supply and as such, there was no place for monetary policy to fuel growth in a depression or put the brakes in an expansion that is overheating the economy.
@_date: 2016-09-14 11:22:42
I understand your view that banks with fiat currency can naturally expand or contract the monetary base. But under the assumption that bitcoin will play a major role in most transactions of goods and services in th economy, the monetary base will be mostly constituted by bitcoins. In that sense, changing the amount of fiat currency in circulation would reveal itself a futile exercise, as the monetary base would remain unchanged and mostly composed of digital currency. This is another interesting topic: How will the monetary base as we know it today (M1 and M2) be composed in the future if we introduce bitcoins as a major player in currencies worldwide? We would have to consider economies with two different domestic currencies, i.e.: In the U.S., USD and BTC.
@_date: 2016-09-14 13:08:31
I will give my best to challenge the widespread mainstream BS economics that's just been proving plain wrong throughout our deep economic stagnation/crisis worldwide.
Mainstream economics is full of assumptions that simply do not hold true in the real world. 
1. Governments don't run fiscal deficits to fuel employment and public spending in the interest of the general population, instead they make arrangements with big semi-private companies to spend the money irresponsibly (in Portugal we had a big case of public-private partnership companies where the government invested billions and ran a continuous deficit in inefficient activities for the interest of these companies)
2. People do not always make rational choices
3. Lower interest rates to "fuel" the economy do not attract sound investment. Instead, they attract investments that wouldn't be worth it at a 3% interest rate but are worth at a 1.5% interest rate. So they attract lower ROI investments, effectively ruining the economy and attracting mal investments. Lower interest rates also constantly mark the beginning of the bubble in asset prices by making money far too cheap for far too long.
4. Information is not public, widely and equally available to all economic agents.
Just these four points completely crush mainstream economics. Yet we still have the top economics colleges in the world teaching the same old models.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:56:21
See, again you took my phrase


to substance your belief that I do not possess knowledge on the Austrian school of economic thought. In the meantime, I already explained that by "Austrian economy" I meant the non-existence of an entity such as the Central Bank do exert control over the supply of money, interest rates and inflation. I did state clearly that I was purposely writing a paradox when saying "I do not think, in an Austrian economy, we would be void of irrational bubbles".
My strong belief in irrational behavior of economic agents is exactly what deviates my own personal view from the Austrian view.
I hope that clears up the confusion regarding the Austrian economics view and simultaneous existence of irrational price bubbles, in MY VIEW (not pure Austrian view).


Sorry but widely spread interviews on both home owners that lost their property during the crisis and construction companies suggests purely irrational behavior by all parts involved.
Rational behavior when buying a house implies accurately accessing its present and future value, taking into account the monthly rent payments and your monthly salary. When one of these estimations is distorted by a self-fulfilling prophecy that homes will be valued more in the future because the market believes so, and there is no connection whatsoever between sound financial analysis for accessing a house price and the price you end up attributing to it due to exuberance causing a price bubble, the end result is irrationality.


In the subprime crisis, the action of attributing a value to a given home was given through inadequate use of reason, i.e.: believing in ever increasing value due to ever increasing expectations that became disconnected with sound financial analysis.
@_date: 2016-09-14 07:26:05
That's one of the main reasons for chosing this theme for my thesis. Little economic research that I'm aware of was performed on the role of digital currency in modern economies, despite the undisputable fact that bitcoins are being increasingly adopted by companies (from startups to giants) at an exponential rate.
The potential innovation in my research is one of the main drivers of my interest in this theme. I aim at writing a scientific paper that has the potential of being quoted in the future as one of the most complete academic papers on the impact of digital currencies on traditional macroeconomic theory.