@_author: asdf234413423
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:38:15
They could do it now just by transferring BTC to bitstamp (or any other exchange) and withdrawing via a wire to the cayman islands. I'm not sure that the exchange being in the cayman makes much difference.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:04:27
IMO the stance is deliberate and designed to create a cottage industry for individual traders. This situation is exactly the same as in the UK - but here people are exempt from collecting VAT on up to £77k/year in sales. 
So taking the stance that bitcoin is not a currency does two things;
1) Means that no money transmitter laws apply and bitcoins can be traded as freely as bubblegum.
2) It makes it impossible for a company to monopolize bitcoin trade. It keeps bitcoin in the realm of the people and not the big money financial firms. I expect this will eventually change, but it's a good way to help bootstrap bitcoin.
Exchange can still exist in the UK; bitstamp is a UK company - they take the stance that when people trade on the exchange they are trading with each other - the exchange is only providing a match making service. So any VAT collection on the price of a bitcoin is the responsibility of the exchange members if they trade more than £77k and are based in the UK.
So yeah.. it doesn't stop exchanges.. but it does stop some large company just directly buying and selling large quantities of bitcoin.
Another interesting thing about the VAT is that it might well create a new mechanism for carousel fraud - basically when you export bitcoins from the UK, I guess you can reclaim the VAT you paid on them from HMRC - at least in theory. 
Since it's easy to import VAT free bitcoins over the internet without paying the VAT (indeed I doubt anyone has ever paid VAT on bitcoins) it would be a way to defraud HMRC since they would be refunding VAT that was never paid to them in the first place. 
Import VAT free coins, export them, collect VAT from HMRC. Repeat.
This can eventually be used as a justification to recognize bitcoin as a currency or just zero rate it for VAT.