@_author: asdgf1231231
@_date: 2016-04-28 00:37:09
I'm not sure if anyone really knows why it's like this.. the banks dont normally give any reason they close the accounts or refuse to open them.. basically there is a policy not to open bitcoin accounts.. but why was the policy written? and by whom.. all the the clearing banks have a version of this policy.. probably written by their own staff but where did it originate and what was the original motivation?
I've speculated that it may be a deliberate move by clever deep state operatives in order to support localbitcoins trading.. there aren't really many roles for people to get involved with bitcoin.. p2p trading is one way to actually employ people and perhaps keep their attention/interest longer.. this may have been a positive effect in the last few years anyway.. by banning GBP bank transactions it may actually help stimulate the crypto entrepreneur community.. maybe some of them moved on from p2p trading to form more sophisticated fintech ventures. This is certainly not a widely held view afaik :p 
Another idea is that they want the exchanges (and snooping intelligence agencies) to collect full name and address information on all deposits.. this information is not available in faster payments, but is with credit cards and SEPA/SWIFT transfers. Amusingly the ministry of finance for Slovenia [publishes a spreadsheet]( on their homepage which includes all wires sent from Slovenia to supposed 'tax haven' countries.. this includes many payments in and out of bitstamp.net including payments to and from many ordinary individuals who just happen to live in Cyprus or some other 'bad' jurisdiction.
It could also be that faster payments were just too insecure (too many hackable companies connected for payroll etc?) - if someone was able to send a bunch of fake payments to an exchange it would be difficult to undo.. someone is always going to lose out.
In any case.. there is a solution available.. coinbase and circle have recently (within the last few months) managed to get GBP debit transactions working.. while I don't know the specifics it should be possible to bill debit cards in GBP from outside the UK and I suspect this is what they may have done. It certainly seems like something that can probably be easily replicated now that other people are doing it.
Technically debit cards have been available to UK customers for years.. netagio.com (a since defunct exchange) may have been the first ones to do it.. also Isle of man based coincorner.com has had credit/debit facilities for a couple of years.. the difference is the fees.. they were (and still are in the case of coincorner) typically high.. like 5% or even 10-15%. They billed debit cards the same as credit cards.. coinbase and circle are billing debit cards much more efficiently.
Someone needs to hook up coinfloor.co.uk with efficient debit card processing capabilities before they lose all their market share to coinbase and circle.
The UK is also a smaller population than Europe or the USA.. with bitcoin remaining very much a currency for the people (not many companies holding BTC as an investment) it might make sense for there to be less trading in GBP even if there were no banking difficulties.. still there is plenty of room for the liquidity to improve from where it is now.
@_date: 2016-04-28 00:04:25
kraken.com is probably the simplest option.. they have free EUR SEPA withdrawls and don't require ID for level2 which should allow you to sell and withdraw $500 worth.