@_author: ashadocat
@_date: 2012-08-03 17:36:27
Sticking it in a bank is investing it. The interest is the direct result of investment, it doesn't just magically grow because a bank holds it.
@_date: 2012-08-06 14:45:53
Certainly it protects your right, if you consider your rights to be lack of taxation, or some other very intellectual and abstracted right. If you consider your right to be a bit more on the practical side, something based off of maslow's hierarchy of needs perhaps. Once almost everyone has their basic physiological needs met, the can eat, drink, and sleep somewhere warm-ish, then we can start collectively working on niceties like vertical movement through gainful employment and the collection/investment of money. But I consider the right to eat more important then the right to this concept of freedom I see libertarians/anarcho-capitalists/minarchists/objectionists bring up. 
If we're only looking at the results, then I truly believe that ignoring your right not to be "coerced" by a collective entity that truly has your best interested at heart will lead to the most utility (if you're coming from a preference utilitarianism point of view). Now the challenge becomes figuring out how to effectively create an entity that represents peoples interests the best, another technological problem.
@_date: 2012-08-04 01:28:53
And you call loans what exactly? All investment is a type of loan. You expect a return on the money you give someone. Technically this is called a "debt investment". And obviously we need more regulation to prevent banks from defrauding their customers.
@_date: 2012-08-03 01:28:01
He argued that a mildly inflationary currency encourages investment and discourages hoarding. This is kind of basic economics. If you feel like conflating that to stealing, then that's your problem.
@_date: 2012-08-03 06:18:07
The austrian school outright says that most of our scientific tools, the ones that suffice for every other system no matter how complicated. are useless. No statistical modelling, no testing your theories (if it disagrees with praxeology it must be wrong). Basically they don't attempt to use science to understand economics they "derive economic theory logically from basic principles of human action". To anyone who has studied any science or epistemology that's absurd.
Now I'll admit that perhaps an economic system that doesn't use inflation as a method to encourage investment and keep hoarding from happening might work better then this one, but if you're using the austrian "well we've looked at the problem and intuitively it seems to work like this, and your evidence that it doesn't is wrong" approach to arrive at that, I'm presuming your conclusions are probably wrong, and that if you've got it right it's just because of chance.
At its core austrian economics are like global warming deniers, they choose to ignore real world empirical evidence for the sake of what they consider to be axiomic principles.
@_date: 2012-08-03 17:50:13
This isn't a pro-keynesian economics argument, it's an anti-austrian economics rant. I'm not in favour of "keynesian spending". Personally I don't know enough to tell you which of the not-fringe economic systems is the best. I can tell you that keynesian economics is not just one particular set of rules that will always predict the optimal route, and considering the accuracy of statistical modeling in the 1920's, I can pretty much guarantee that they weren't following a modern understanding of economic theory.
But yes, I do think we can do better then we are now by a whole lot. government action to lower the barrier to entry, especially in the telecom field, would be very good. Better access to free education would also benefit everyone.
Trying to fit the world into an austrian vs keynesian narrative is not a good idea. Austrian economics is laughably wrong, but that doesn't make keynesian economics right, just less wrong then austrian economics.
@_date: 2012-08-04 15:04:34
And how exactly do you plan on maintaining such a system? If power didn't tend to group together then we wouldn't have governments. You will get more monopolistic action and higher barriers to entry if you don't have a system stopping that from happening. The cost of entry to an industry will be artificially increased via more direct methodologies, like shooting you.
But I'm curios why you think less regulation, instead of regulation dedicated to reducing the cost of entry into various industries?
@_date: 2011-06-12 02:48:56
Depends on exactly how far they are willing to go. The bitcoin protocol is identifiable so they could block it, but that would require deep packet inspection and be pretty expensive. That could theoretically be worked around, hell you could just move all the nodes into tor or i2p.
Another option is murdering anyone who trades in it. If you can't get a whole bunch of physical goods nor can you buy fiat currency with it then it may die.