@_author: ashleypenny
@_date: 2018-10-11 12:03:53
Should be fairly easy to prove your wealth. Especially when you’ve got £50m but no indication of where this has come from and your husband had been locked up in his home country for banking fraud. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 12:08:01
Did you read the actual story? It’s only if you can’t prove your wealth. This woman has spent £30k a week in Harrods for a decade, and has a wealth of £50m with her kid £15m. 
Money like that doesn’t just appear, it comes from somewhere and you can prove it. They claim it’s from her husbands business ventures abroad but there’s no proof of that, what there is proof of is he is in jail in his home country for banking fraud. Not hard to put 2 &amp; 2 together to guess where her money is coming from. 
Likewise criminals laundering money. If they’re legit they’ll have legit paper trails and accounts. Average joe has nothing to fear here. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 12:10:09
You think there’s a lot of bitcoin users that are spending £15m in department store over ten years while their partner is in jail overseas for banking fraud? 
Bitcoin users can show naming transactions for funding wallets and can follow a trail from there, this woman will not be able to do any of that because shes basically spending fraudulently obtained money, unless she can prove otherwise which seems very unlikely. 
She was spending £30k a week in one shop!
@_date: 2018-10-12 06:59:17
No, I’m arguing the ‘if you’re not spending £30k a week in luxury department stores while your husband is incarcerated for banking fraud and no other reason for you to be wealthy then you have nothing to worry about’ trope. Although not really a trope, just common sense. 
There’s no way this applies to people who’ve made a few quid, fee hundred quid, few thousand quid, he’ll even a few million quid from bitcoin. You would be able to show deposits, sales, money coming back in, all very easy to do. This woman can do none of that as it’s fairly obvious her wealth is fraudulent hence the case.
**What is an Unexplained Wealth Order?**
**A UWO is a new power which has been designed to target suspected corrupt foreign officials who have potentially laundered stolen money through the UK.**
**Investigators from the National Crime Agency believe there are billions of pounds of dirty money invested in British property - but it is almost impossible to charge the owners with a crime or seize the assets because of a lack of evidence.**
Yeah. Bet there’s loads of foreign officials with unexplained wealth with legitimate fears here. Let’s not bother going after criminals or anything I suppose?
Law has been in place since Feb this year and this is the first one, so how *exactly* does average Joe have anything to fear here? 