@_author: ashmoran
@_date: 2015-06-06 10:03:34
During an accidental hardfork, is the system "up"? (I don't know how you'd classify this.)
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:21:05
They should kick everyone out then, apart from Germany.
@_date: 2015-06-24 13:12:49
Part of the problem of having a debate in public is it amplifies the need to remain consistent. Human beings unfortunately often place more value in maintaining an image they were right all along that admitting they have learnt something new and that they now have a more accurate opinion about the world. The bigger benefit of the scientific method over religion is (in my opinion) not that it allows individuals to renounce their own ideas in the face of a disproven theory (although it does, and often), it's that it allows students to renounce a theory of their teachers – so we're hopefully only ever 20-30 years away from shaking off a faulty theory.
I'm more and more of the opinion that what the Bitcoin core team would benefit from most is a professional mediator. At this point it seems reasonable (or at least safer) to assume that nobody is actively trying to cause dissent, that all members of the team really share the same or reconcilably close ideas of what Bitcoin should be, and that it's only a failure of communication standing in the way. But I suspect many people like accepting someone else's help resolving a conflict even less than they like admitting they've changed their opinion, so I don't know if this idea has any legs.
I've worked with quite a few software development teams over the years, and moving a discussion from how we are going to do something to what we are trying to achieve and why we want to achieve is always difficult. The (mainly analytic) skills you pick up while learning to program do not automatically translate into skills on how to collaborate in a team where everyone has their own (often unstated) goals, interests and assumptions – unfortunately it's sometimes even the opposite.
@_date: 2015-06-11 20:30:17


I definitely agree this area is worth exploring. There's a huge amount of research already done into queueing systems that could probably help resolve arguments about Bitcoin from an empirical point of view instead of an intuitive one. The intuition our limited brains have about complex systems is unfortunately… awful :) It's tricky though, you've got me thinking about it in more detail now, and it seems some of the assumptions about queueing systems may not apply with Bitcoin. (I can't off the top of my head, at least) think of another type of system that completes batches of work randomly, where the time to complete is in fact almost completely independent of the amount of work to be done(!).
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:39:41
Yep on coins too. I did some research and it turns out it was possible to buy in the EU through Estonia until recently, but it seems that loophole has been closed now.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:43:19
I find it quite coherent. The molecules of paint correspond to the computer science building blocks of Bitcoin, and the emotional response their combination creates in our minds corresponds to the effect on the human economy that Bitcoin creates.
This matches the way the rest of the world works: the value of a complex system is at the bigger scale, when the elements interact to create something new – for example, electronic equipment, motor vehicles, sports teams, restaurants. 
Bitcoin is (to me at least) more about economics than computer science for the same reason the Mona Lisa is more about art than chemistry.
@_date: 2015-06-16 19:22:37
Why do you think that if the block size limit was increased to 2 or 20MB that the same spammer wouldn't keep doing the same?
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:06:34
The strong attack isn't unblurring the image, although that can be done to some degree. The attack is to figure out what font and blur filter parameters you're using, iterate through the possible pieces of text you wrote, simulate the blur you applied, and see what matches.
The link above explains how this works in essentially the same way as a dictionary attack on a hashed password, the key difference being it can be done on each character individually, making it exponentially easier.
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:30:13
I'm just getting "Site is offline for maintenance" right now
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:25:34
The money is just balance entries in a database. 
In the UK (I can't comment on the comparable setups in the U.S. or the Eurozone), banks have to settle between each other with accounts at the Bank of England. So if at the end of the day Bank A owes Bank B £3bn and Bank B owes Bank A £5bn, Bank B needs £2bn in BoE reserves to settle, and it will become insolvent if it doesn't have them. As far as I'm aware, there's no way of knowing at this point whether that £2bn of deposits is backed by loan agreements or is just faked/erroneous account balances without auditing the bank.
In short, the whole system is make-believe and the only thing stopping cheating is that if a bank gets caught out, the whole house of cards collapses.
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:13:27
I think the confusion is that once upon a time, people used to view money (gold), claim checks on money (bank notes) and demand deposits (numbers in a book) differently. But all countries have now come off the gold standard, so the bank note has been promoted to "real money" status by fiat, and people now transact so much electronically that people treat bank debt (deposit balances) as as good as money. So in a way it's both true and false that private banks create money: they can't issue new banknotes at will, but the deposit balances they offer in return for banknotes have become so widely accepted as payment that most people can't even explain the difference, and it effectively is money until the threat of a bank run looms.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:58:10
If the global illegal drugs market was transacted entirely in bitcoin then 1 bitcoin would easily be worth thousands of USD :) I can't realistically see that happening though.
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:29:26
You must mean  ? :D
@_date: 2015-06-14 21:55:50
I did not know this. Is there no theoretical (or observed) upper limit?
I did some physics but not a lot, and it was a long time ago :)
@_date: 2015-06-19 12:22:30
No matter how many Bs are involved, everything ends in a C.
@_date: 2015-06-30 08:26:34
What other solutions are you thinking of?
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:26:45
Nuclear synthesis is a closer metaphor to Bitcoin mining than actual digging-in-the-ground mining. And they say mining bitcoins is a wasteful use of energy? :)
@_date: 2015-06-14 13:03:51
Interesting, I think what you're describing is monopoly pricing by a mining oligarchy. It seems the interests of miners and node operators (ignoring their reasons for running a node) are aligned here, given node operators receive no compensation for their bandwidth and processing. Marginal users are disadvantaged by higher fees (which presumably would disproportionately hurt poorer countries. 
Would it help if miners can only vote the blocksize *up*? This would presumably make them more cautious about increasing it, but would also prevent them from squeezing the market once it's expanded.
Every time I think this through I ended up reaching the conclusion the problem can only be solved in the market if nodes are compensated somehow. That raises the question: do miners pay nodes to relay new blocks to secure their new coins, or do nodes pay to download blocks to see their confirmed transactions? 
If miners must pay, presumably the rule is that a "new block" is one not seen by a given node, but that would stop blocks relaying as why would a neutral node pay one further out in the network to relay a block that they otherwise don't care about? It would at least offer an economic way in to discourage large blocks: you could make the fee proportional to the size of the block. 
If nodes must pay to download blocks then there's no way to create an economic incentive on miners to remove spam. 
Maybe the solution has to go both ways: nodes broadcasting new transactions pay a transaction relay fee to other nodes and/or a fee to download the block containing that transaction, but which can only be redeemed on receiving a block containing the transaction. Each node can then deduct a portion of the fee and use the rest as an incentive for further relaying (similar to TTL in TCP/IP I guess). At the mining end, the miner is presumably more interested in relaying the block to gain the block rewards coins than in profiting in running a node, so they'll run a node that uploads blocks for free, or pays in the reverse direction. They may even want to run many of these around the world, as it's presumably better to subsidise nodes than lose out on block rewards from slowly-relayed blocks. This at least solves the problem of "why should you pay to upload a block?", as for-profit nodes are still holding a claim for relaying the transaction forwards and/or the block backwards, and if they deem the block so large that it outweighs the relay fees, they can demand a larger fee. (Left unsolved is who pays who to sync the blockchain, when there is no transaction attached to the network activity.) 
Can't help but feel the whole scheme would just be a way to financially pressure miners into running the node network though.
Sorry for the incoherent brain dump, I'll leave it there. I haven't thought this through well, and I imagine someone has already done a much clearer analysis of the problem. I just started typing and didn't know when to stop.
@_date: 2015-06-21 14:16:13
Maybe they will be known as Generation B… the ones that invested their pocket money / paper round wages wisely, at least.
@_date: 2015-06-30 17:07:32


Actually, I do find filling out a form hard. I find it awkward and clumsy signing up to a website, and especially a pain putting in credit card details. It's nothing to do with whether I'm capable of it, it's weather I'm prepared to make the effort on a site I only ever visit because I get linked to it. 
I have no interest at all in subscribing to the New York Times, but I do occasionally want to read an article there, and have to fight through its banners. I would be quite happy to scan a QR code and pay $0.03 every time I see a completing article. It's possible I'm in a minority but it's highly unlikely I'm the only person like this. Whether there are enough people like me to support popular websites with micropayments only history will tell so for now it's a moot point.




I already have some bitcoin so this doesn't apply to me. It's not reasonable to judge the chance of success of a micropayment company now based on current adoption, there just aren't enough Bitcoin users to generate a noticeable income stream. If (like me) you expect Bitcoin adoption to be much higher in future, then two barriers are removed: many people already have the money to pay, and there is no need to fund a clumsy fiat-based micropayment service, your wallet on your phone is adequate. I am assuming you expect Bitcoin adoption to increase as you're posting on a Bitcoin forum.
Going from "completing a signup form and credit card details" to "scanning a QR code" is unarguably easier, it can easily be measured. It's a basic economic principle that reducing transaction cost (including time to make the transaction, compare Amazon One Click) increases the number of transactions. So what is the missing factor? What do you believe will make people not want to make micropayments even when the technology makes it cheaper and quicker?
@_date: 2015-06-30 13:45:32
Thanks for the link.
I have a Flattr account but I've largely abandoned it. You just prompted me to delete my account as I never accepted the new T&amp;Cs from ages ago :)
Flattr is broken compared to Bitcoin, with and without ChangeTip depending on the circumstances. Personally I'm happy to make micropayments, just not with Flattr. I hate the hassle of funding a fiat account as it's so much harder than Bitcoin, and Flattr doesn't let you tip in different amounts. 
I made a micropayment with bitcoin to read a news article a couple of years ago, I think it was the Chicago Sun Times. I've not had the opportunity since on any sites where I regularly want to read content.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:45:48
Thanks for the explanation. I don't actually see how anything that applies to 20MB doesn't also apply to 1MB or 200MB, as it's just a parameter change along with processing power, network bandwidth/latency etc. It needs studying (not necessarily by formal proof) whatever the blocksize limit, really.
@_date: 2015-06-30 21:31:00
I've seen that suggestion several times now, although I've not seen anyone go as far as to say it was Peter Todd in the Billiard Room with the Lead Pipe.
Have to feel sorry for a guy who's interaction with the community has alarmed people so much everyone thinks he's being paid off to sabotage the project. 
Reminds me a bit of the game of Werewolf (based originally on Mafia I think, if you've not come across Werewolf…  ). Once people have decided you're a werewolf it can be very hard to stop them trying to lynch you, even if you never really did anything wrong. OTOH you get werewolves that cunningly dodge suspicions early on and they go on a killing spree once everyone has made a firm conclusion they're an innocent villager. The more I think about it the more relevant I think this game might be to the core dev team given the allegations being hinted at around here :)
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:09:27
The City AM journalist is just trying to one-up the Reuters journalist. This story will be an easier sell to people who don't know where Greece is.
@_date: 2015-06-14 21:43:48
The market actually sets the value of *all* currencies. It's just that when you account for things in your local currency and don't leave the country for a while, everything seems stable. But say banks start a large sell-off of Euros and start buying Swiss Francs, then the price of Swiss Francs will go up and Euros down (even if you are paying in US dollars).
The other side of it is that all countries are currently inflating their money supply, similar to how bitcoin supply is increasing by mining new coins. The reason we generally don't notice it in on a large scale is that *all* countries are inflating their money supply, and doing so at a reasonably similar rate. But if the increased demand is more than the increased supply, it will tend to drive the price up.
The process with the price of bitcoin rising could go on for a long time but it will reach a limit, nothing can expand infinitely. Long before we get to the point where 1 satoshi will buy you a house, people holding bitcoins will decide they'd rather have other things instead, such as houses, cars, businesses, holidays, whatever. You can't, after all, sleep in a bitcoin, or drive it, or enjoy the sun with it. It's basically useless except as a medium of exchange.
There's a quirk too, which is that if enough people started selling enough euros/dollars/francs etc to buy bitcoins, then that alone would drive the price of those currencies down. So it might become easier to express the price of bitcoin in gold, say.
These are all moon scenarios of course, but that's what you were hinting at. I hope the above clarifies it (also hope I haven't made any mistakes).
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:22:36


Well that's the big debate right now. We won't know how many of these transactions Bitcoin will support until we see the blocksize debate move one way or the other.


The issue is not how widely adopted the currency is, it's how easy it is to move small quantities of it around. So this point is based on the assumption you made above that Bitcoin will not be able to make microtransactions, and that if it doesn't, there will be no ubiquitous solution that can. So we can't answer that yet, we will have to wait until the future.


Ok so I think then that your theory is there is no way for Bitcoin to create a ubiquitous means of micropayments for a low enough cost that would overcome the effort of deciding whether to make the payment. The possible outcomes I can see are:
1) It does, Bitcoin is finally able to conveniently send suitable sized payments that justifies the decision
2) It does, but it the price people are willing to pay means it makes less money than advertising 
3) It does, but it turns out some other factor stops people paying
4) It doesn't, Bitcoin is never technically able to support micropayments
All these involve predicting the future so I think we'll have to wait and see.
@_date: 2015-06-16 23:33:24
I see where you're coming from now. However, pre-emptively avoiding capital controls by buying assets overseas and evading taxes by not declaring gains on those assets are different things, are they not?
I'm struggling to imagine Greece trying to impose controls over foreign assets, especially those held in other EU countries, but I know way too little about the situation to comment really. The US has astonishingly draconian tax laws, they really blow my mind. I can see the number of Americans renouncing their citizenship accelerate as you're right, it looks like they're preparing for a land grab bigger than the forced gold purchases of the 1930s.
@_date: 2015-06-16 10:41:10
May be mentioning 1Password  which (between Mac and iOS at least) can sync over wifi. I've never used the Windows or Android clients so I can't comment on them. 
I also discovered this neat feature the other day where if it knows about a site that's been hacked, it displays a red banner at the top of the password box for the site, prompting you to change your password. I don't know if LastPass offers something similar, I've never used it.
@_date: 2015-06-16 10:27:10
What do you mean by "not demonstrably secure"?
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:34:51
Heh, I should have tagged the sarcasm :)
But thanks for the insight on the export market, I hadn't considered there might be an advantage for Germany in the euro.
@_date: 2015-06-17 02:06:00


If is correct that low fee spam doesn't prevent more normal transactions being confirmed quickly, then it appears you've demonstrated instead that a block size increase isn't necessary.
@_date: 2015-06-24 14:53:58
I hope then that they have a common goal at some point, even if it's a bit more abstract than the specific detail of Bitcoin. I'd like to believe that all sides want a form of money of high integrity that is free from debasement and censorship by a centralised authority. If they don't agree on *that*, there's not much hope.
@_date: 2015-06-14 14:18:44
The first girl demonstrates how deep rooted something is in our psychology: the metaphor that "more is up".
There's a brilliant book Metaphors We Live By by George Lakoff and Mark Johnson  that goes into this in detail. Basically they argue that we use metaphors to describe not just things that are obviously poetic (eg "he set the cat among the pigeons"), but all of our abstract thought. So we have things like "their romance fizzled out" (love is fire), "she was his latest conquest" (love is war), "we've come a long way" (life is a journey), and "our paths crossed" (also life is a journey). 
But there are lots of fundamental ones that rely on up/down having meaning. "She was on top of the situation", "the task was beneath him" and "Adam and Mary were below David in the organisation" are all rely on "better is up". The authors argue this is because in the physical world, bring larger or higher up conveys a benefit (physical dominance, military advantage etc).
The metaphor "more is up" (based on the idea that a physical pile is taller the more is in it) can be almost invisible. The most relevant one I can think of here is "prices are rising". Really? Are they? Can anyone point to "the price" before when it was 1m above the ground, and afterwards when it was 1.5m above the ground (except on a chart where a person has *chosen* to represent an increase as up)? Similarly, "the stock market has crashed"… well it probably hasn't, not literally. Nothing actually hits the floor / a tree in a stock market crash except perhaps the jaws of the investors.
Some of these are really not apparent at first glance, we use the fundamental ones so often they're opaque, and we're easily blinded to them. Between the first two girls in this video, you can see the development of abstract reasoning that escapes the simple metaphor. This raises questions like: are the policy makers and implementors tasked with "winning the War on (Drugs/Terror)" aware that they're using a metaphor, or are they subconsciously trying to apply military tactics inappropriately because, like the first girl, they're bound by the metaphor?
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:35:47
Queueing theory models assume that once processed, a piece of work is "done" independent of how it got to the server. But with Bitcoin blocks, the probability of rework (ie an orphaned block) increases as you decrease the batch size to some degree, as more frequent blocks means more forks. This is the opposite of what you normally get by reducing batch size – normally it leads to *less* rework, not more.
I'm no queuing theory expert though, my analysis above is very naive, I'm just raising the point that Bitcoin looks like an unusual case.
@_date: 2015-06-16 19:32:04
This is the first time I can recall in the history of Bitcoin where I've seen something that reads exactly like government propaganda. We don't have a War on Terror so let's have a War on Blocksize instead? Freeze civil liberties so we can find the extremists who committed these spamming atrocities!
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:11:38
Good point, I forgot all about that as I've only ever been given physical store cards myself.
@_date: 2015-06-16 10:16:31
It'a a shame there's nothing east of Berlin (not counting Istanbul). There are several bitcoin projects in Poland and lots and lots of developers, there might well be demand for an event in Warsaw.
@_date: 2015-06-14 21:52:35
So do you think someone (some group) would amass &gt;50% of the hashing power on the network and then use it to transact coins only between themselves? Why would they do that? And how would they enforce that nobody leaks their side chain? It's a scenario I've never considered before.
@_date: 2015-06-16 12:53:12
Heh, near enough :) I really want to visit Prague again some time, it's my favourite city in the world, and I think of it as the Bitcoin capital of Europe too. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 00:41:56
I'm completely stunned, I double-checked the URL to see if it really was Reuters. Is there an agenda behind this, or is it just a journalist trying to scrape a story together out of a weak correlation?
@_date: 2015-06-21 15:42:48
The feedback loop that goes (dead customers -&gt; fewer customers) works much faster than the one that goes (dead customers -&gt; cash holdings are worth more).
Apple has large cash holdings. How effectively could it increase its wealth by releasing a new iPhone that randomly goes off like a hand grenade?
@_date: 2015-06-16 00:16:37
I hope the guy is better at forging IDs than he is at managing bitcoin privacy. Honeypot or just cabbage between the ears?
@_date: 2015-06-21 12:20:30
That is my point, that if we'd given out free £5 notes, I guarantee not one would have been lost. I'm not claiming that *nobody ever* loses a banknote, just that the loss rate for bitcoins is astronomically huger. These were people interested in Bitcoin, they came along to an introductory events, and asked lots of questions to understand how it works, but they still lost the money.
*Everybody* using Bitcoin for the first time will be in this situation which is why I'm basing my assessment on them. It takes a while for people to believe "wallet seed = money" the same way they believe "government banknote = money".
I think you are agreeing with me without realising it?
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:11:11
They may not be able to print euros but they can and have been monetising euro-denominated debt. This strikes me as the fundamental flaw in the euro, that an unproductive country can sell euro-denominated bonds for its own benefit but the cost is borne by everyone. It's in the (short-term) interests of poor countries to use it as a means to transfer wealth from the richer ones, and it works all the while they can limp along with the repayments.
I don't see how it could have ended up in a situation any other than this.
@_date: 2015-06-19 13:47:01
What you say is good advice (and I upvoted it), but as an emergency measure a USB drive is reasonable as a backup. "Bitcoin + a pen and paper" may have confused new people wondering how you preserve your wealth held in this high tech magic internet with something children can use to draw silly pictures.
(Slight tangent follows, but you reminded me of something I think quite often…) 
My experience is people don't attach the same sense of importance to a paper HD wallet seed they do to, say, banknotes. Nobody ever loses a banknote. But I've helped run a few Bitcoin intro sessions with small Bitcoin starter giveaways, and we've had something like a 30-40% loss rate. "It was in my pocket and I can't find it", "I think I have the backup for the wrong wallet", "My pet capuchin ate it", etc. You can tell most people you can write down a wallet seed and then that piece of paper will be worth €10m, but it just won't register.
I see this as a big barrier to adoption. Non-Bitcoin-experts need to not only understand logically that private keys are more important to protect than bank details, but believe it emotionally too. Once upon a time people cared about the solvency of individual banks, their ability to redeem deposits for banknotes and banknotes for gold, about the true gold content of coins, etc. Sadly the central banks won a psychological war and now there is only "money", and "money" is something that comes from the government, a bit like "oxygen" is something that comes from trees. People don't even realise that bank deposits and banknotes are different forms of money. 
These are just my own personal observations. My opinion based on them, though, is we need to first of all reclaim the belief that there can be *two* types of money, and that they doesn't require the Divine Right of Government to create, and then the rest will be much easier.
@_date: 2015-06-17 14:47:07
That could be seen going both ways, we need to eat food to be able to create order, but some of that order (eg hunting equipment, farms, restaurants) is used to eat food.
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:21:10
Thanks for the tip! I read The Blank Slate a long time ago so I'm sure I'd enjoy this too. I've saved it in my Goodreads list.
@_date: 2015-06-12 12:49:25
I've wished for a long time that the UK government would reconsider VAT on silver, there's basically no point buying it as an investment.
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:05:31
I thought a similar thing about the third point when I read the article, complex societies have evolved not because we trust each other, but because we have systems for exchange that *reduce* the need for trust. Double-entry bookkeeping was specifically designed to reduce the need for trust, and, like you say, so is Bitcoin.
It strikes me that the advantage is in global trade, not global trust.
@_date: 2015-06-07 09:33:01
It depends what you're trying to achieve by blocking the nodes you are. Blocking certain nodes won't affect what the rest of the network does, it just reduces the diversity of nodes connecting to you. If someone is trying to scan the network with malicious intent they probably won't choose and announce their user agent string on a university website.
Is there some specific harm you think these agents will cause you? 
@_date: 2015-06-18 16:33:28
Thanks for the notification, I can read it now! :D
@_date: 2015-06-16 00:07:46
It seems then that people here do the opposite of TV economists in the US, who appear to blame everything on the weather
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:15:15


Hmmm, in the case of Bitcoin (again, contrary to how it normally works), it's a case of reducing cycle time reduces batch size, as we can control the block generation rate, but we can't control the number of transactions. 


This bit I don't follow. I agree the lead time will go down, but the time to mine a block doesn't depend on the number of transactions in it, as it's only the headers that are hashed, also new transactions can be added to the current mining batch at any time. So where does the extra capacity come from?
I'm not sure I understand "finish processing transactions before we start accepting a new one" which is perhaps why I'm confused.
@_date: 2015-06-18 14:26:27


Not everyone is convinced by gold's value, however, with central bank directors telling CNBC that there is little worth in the physical currency beyond the nuclear forces that support it.
@_date: 2015-06-14 20:15:13
Heh yes, I'd forgotten that :) I'm sure I've read somewhere the question, what would space aliens that evolved without gravity use as a metaphor? Would they also think "more is up", "better is up" etc? Can't remember now if it was in MWLB or somewhere else. (They make the point that vertical direction is important to us than horizontal direction because we don't have an everyday word for "up OR down", i.e. we can say "sideways", as in "he came at me sideways", but saying "he came at me vertically". Their argument is that things that come from the left generally come from the right just as often, but something that comes from above, eg a bird, is usually different from something that comes from below, eg a snake.) Who knows what'll happen if people ever start growing up in zero-G space ships.
@_date: 2014-12-25 22:10:51
To me (being British) it sounds more like the lyrics to a Pulp song than anything offensive. Knowing it was written by non-native English speakers it sounds more funny than offensive, like a very very mild form of the badly translated documentation you sometimes get from Chinese/Japanese electronics.
@_date: 2015-06-16 22:33:43
I'm puzzled. What is there in your post that could even be construed as suggesting money laundering? What's the crime that people would be laundering money for?
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:16:33
I get you know!
@_date: 2015-06-21 16:42:02
Even if they are redeemed, the fact they're less liquid still has implications. The shop has persuaded someone to exchange a highly liquid good (fiat money) for a less liquid good (store credit) at par, when it should really sell at a discount. Presumably people buying gift cards see an extra value in them, although since I've never met anyone who prefers in general receiving gift cards to cash, I suspect that's usually an error.
So demand for the shop's goods goes up, as it now comes from people who want to shop there, and people who acquire a voucher from people who want to shop there. If the vouchers are easily tradable then unwilling recipients can sell them on the open market, and people who wanted to shop there anyway can now buy the store credit at a discount, even if just a small one. Effectively the wealthier gift-givers are subsidising poorer but thrifty shoppers.
Anyway if this logic holds together it means there may still justifiable value in issuing gift vouchers if you can incentivise (I have no idea how, or if this format makes it easier) existing customers to buy sufficiently more of them.
It may be cheaper to administer the scheme this way, although I'm struggling to imagine that overall it would offset the income from unspent cards.
@_date: 2015-06-05 03:13:35
So in a hundred years, Bitcoin won't be ugly? ;)
@_date: 2014-12-27 23:49:54
No, that page doesn't explain the difference, that's why I wrote the second paragraph :-)
I have a suspicion from the way you're asking that your confusion is coming from the word "full". Are you thinking that a full node must do "everything", and therefore a mining node must do some subset of these activities? (I may have misinterpreted you though.)
The term "full node" means that the node stores a (probably complete) copy of the blockchain, listens for new connections from other nodes, and broadcasts blocks and transactions (among other tasks). The word "full" is used to contrast with light clients such as mobile wallet apps that don't store a copy of the blockchain, and are limited to sending their own transactions. The number of "full nodes" is important, because without them transactions and blocks don't get related. As more people have switched to web/mobile wallets instead of the original desktop Bitcoin app (which has both a Bitcoin node and a wallet), the number of full nodes has dropped, hence all the discussion about them.
Mining has nothing to do with whether a node is a "full" node or not, mining is not an activity of a general Bitcoin node, it's a very specific activity run by very expensive, very specialised computers.
The fact you're asking coherently on an internet forum shows the problem is not that you're not bright enough, but that the documentation for beginners could be improved :-)  (Although there may be a good link that explains the above that I just haven't seen)
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:17:15
Bitcoin transactions are public and secured by cryptography that enables holders to publicly prove ownership of bitcoins. Coinfloor are already doing this and publish monthly solvency reports, eg the latest one for December 2014: 
This sort of thing will only increase in order to win confidence from customers, and we'll see more sophisticated setups as use of Bitcoin Script evolves. The question a future customer will be able to ask is "Why should I hold my bitcoins in your opaque service of dubious solvency, when I can hold them in your competitors' services of transparent and cryptographically verifiable solvency?" People will learn to trust cryptography more than the word of a banker.
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:20:20
You're right to question how valid this is, and their current approach has been scrutinised on Reddit: 
This is just as an example of cryptographic trust that (even if imperfect) is better that what is possible with fiat currency, and certainly better than anything MtGox ever did / was capable of. We should expect to see still better approaches in future. Services with less scope for fraudulent fractional reserve operations will be more appealing to customers than those that offer weaker (or no) proof of solvency.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:46:56
It means that those people in the artificial beach construction industry are short bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-19 17:44:51
Can you elaborate? I'd like to know more.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:35:30
Just wanted to check, I wondered if there were either policy or (ugh) copyright issues. I'd be happy to comment on a thesis to the best/limit of my ability. (I know someone doing Bitcoin research, must get back to him.)
Seems you were in no need of any more input though, congratulations :)
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:16:34
Wow I've never seen one of these in my life! I'll keep an eye out now. I guess they're expecting you buy one *after* you've paid for your meal :)
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:12:50
I don't know how easy it is to read as a newcomer, but the first part of this does explain the purpose: 
Miners broadcast their new blocks to nodes, who propagate them to other nodes. Wallet apps broadcast transactions to nodes, who propagate them to other nodes, and miners who might include them in blocks (and back round again it goes).
It's not a perfect analogy, but compared to BitTorrent, mining is a bit like compressing and archiving a set of video files (difficult, done once), running a node is a bit like being a torrent seeder, sharing out the files to everyone who wants them. Metaphor assumes BitTorrent is more familiar than Bitcoin, of course :)
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:11:43
What are the rules on publishing thesis content before submission? I ask because obviously it's too late for anyone to provide feedback for this one, but I'm sure many people would be willing to comment on an interim draft.
@_date: 2014-12-28 09:42:52
What's encouraging on here is the number of people who don't have a computing/programming background but who are learning so they can understand more about Bitcoin. These folk seem the least serviced by the current documentation though, a lot of which seems to assume you either have no interest in computing and want it to stay that way, or you already have all the background knowledge necessary to understand it. (Anybody– if there's something suitable in the middle I missed, please point it out!)
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:34:16
I read this like you assume it will take longer to learn two or three languages than one, but this isn't necessarily true. It will take you longer to learn two languages to a professional level than one, but if you're starting from fresh then trying multiple languages has a lot of advantages. Every programming language has a different philosophy and emphasises different features, making some things harder or easier. If you only ever program in Java, there are things that are easy in say Ruby or Clojure it would never occur to you to try, because the language makes it so much harder. But if you only program in these two and not say C, you won't appreciate how the languages manage memory for you. The list is almost endless, but the more languages you're exposed to the more you deepen your understanding (and learn new tricks) by triangulation.
Realistically it takes a few years to get to a professional standard in programming, don't be afraid of spending a few months to get a good start. The book Seven Languages in Seven Weeks may interest you:  – also there are Bitcoin implementations in most main languages, so once you can read a language you can use these to compare how they and how they're used in practice.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:42:31
I bought a MicroSD card at the Manchester store earlier this week. The first guy on the till didn't know how to take a bitcoin payment but the guy next to him showed him how. Worked pretty smoothly after that.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:49:15
Why do you believe this broke Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-05-26 19:14:52
I believe ShijimasClaw was claiming they will be necessary, not sufficient.
@_date: 2014-11-26 15:56:14
I only just learnt about this! I saw a listing on Where to Spend Bitcoins UK: 
Are they still accepting bitcoins, do you know?
@_date: 2015-05-23 20:55:06
I do not follow your argument so I will try to explain the situation as I see it.
If Alice wants to do some productive labour, Alice will negotiate a fee to be paid for it. Say for example, Alice wants do a week's worth of gardening for 3BTC, and 1BTC = 200USD. Let's assume Alice's expenses are 1BTC, so at the end of the week she would have 2BTC, or 400USD.
If Alice accepts BTC, she ends up with 2BTC profit. Let's say that suddenly Goldman Sachs buys a huge amount of bitcoin, and the price raises to 1000USD. Now Alice's 2BTC are worth 2000USD. Or, let's imagine a whale dumps bitcoin, and the price drops to 100USD. Now Alice's 2BTC are worth only 200USD. Alice knows the inflation rate of BTC (it is currently at 25BTC/block, the future rates are known, and the rewards go to miners). Nobody can arbitrarily create more BTC, the only way the price will change outside the built-in inflation is if people decide BTC is more or less valuable to hold (i.e. they buy or sell a large volume overall). This is all assuming no relevant fluctuation in the value of USD.
If instead, Alice took her 600USD, then minus the 200USD expenses she has 400USD profit. Now, her 400USD profit is subject to the same fluctuations as BTC against other currencies. So if, for example, people suddenly decide to sell lots of USD and buy EUR, she may find a trip to Europe more expensive, and vice versa. But there is another possibility: that the banks issuing USD issue a lot of debt (possibly the Federal Reserve to the US Government, as during QE). Now a lot of new USD are created, and in the hands of these initial debtors. They can spend the newly created USD at their initial value, thus transferring a portion of the USD denominated wealth to these new USD holders on the basis of their promise to repay. IE, purchasing power has been transferred, not by the way that works the *same for BTC and USD*, but by a way that is *only possible with USD* (or any other fiat currency).
As I said before, this is how I understand the situation. You are making a different argument which leads to a different conclusion. I believe this is very important as it relates to the ability to people's ability to retain the wealth they earn through their labour. If you can see the flaws in my explanation, could you please correct them, as I would like to understand why you believe the claim you are making against Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-12-15 08:12:04
This is true. In an economic sense, money is not wealth. Wealth is the food, housing, transport, tools etc we have made; money is a means of exchanging wealth for wealth and/or labour. So this is possibly the biggest experiment in wealth *exchange* the world has ever seen, or like you say, "cooperation".
@_date: 2014-12-26 16:25:15
Yes, they're a plus as stores wouldn't run gift card schemes if they left them worse off. They trick consumers into trading a highly liquid currency (national fiat) into a far less liquid one (store credit), at a 1:1 ratio. The article mentions companies that buy back gift vouchers at ~80% of face value. You could argue that, to be fair, shops should credit gift cards at ~125% purchase price… but the downsides of this are not hard to see :)
@_date: 2015-05-19 15:23:05
I was thinking about new indexes being good news etc, and it got me wondering something else. If good news makes the price of bitcoin go down, and the price of bitcoin going up is good news, does that mean the price of bitcoin going up causes the price of bitcoin to go down?
I expect this has already been gone over a hundred times before… I came up with an interesting question about trees falling over that I can keep myself busy with instead. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 09:24:17
Glad that makes sense now. You're exactly right, along with a full set of spanners and a kitchen sink, the original Bitcoin client also used to support mining. (The person who introduced me to Bitcoin mined a block on his desktop PC within minutes of starting using just his CPU!) But this quickly became useless as GPU mining took over and it was removed.
It's a shame it looks like there's no way to contribute to the Bitcoin network without mining. I'm in the process of setting up a Raspberry Pi to run a btcd node (you may want to google the difference between btcd and bitcoind too). There's a handful of small, low-power computers suitable for running a Bitcoin node, I saw a thread on here yesterday from someone who set one up with an ODROID machine and a tiny display.
@_date: 2014-12-24 13:19:43
There's another thread today discussing what "RC" means. Bitcoin (and general discussion forums like this) are causing people without a development background to run head first into jargon like this. Likewise people with a software background are running headfirst into economics and finance. The learning will hopefully be worth it when the dust has settled :)
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:36:51
This is correct, every honest full node helps propagate transactions and blocks round the network. 
A LOT of people have been asking this recently, I'm getting the impression it would be helpful if this was (somehow) more obvious to newcomers, given how important an issue it is now. It's the sort of thing you don't need to know to use Bitcoin, but in a similar sense to how you don't (in order to use a bank account) "need" to know that fiat money lets banks create money out of thin air.
@_date: 2015-05-04 12:16:21
The original white paper says "the cost of mediation increases transaction costs, limiting the minimum practical transaction size and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions". So Bitcoin was explicitly intended for buying cheeseburgers and the like. Do you think Satoshi was wrong aiming for this goal?
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:48:06
But… aren't they *supposed* to burn down in a fire? It's what lets the new young trees grow up. (Just playing devil's advocate…)
@_date: 2015-05-17 10:33:14
Shame as I really want an alternative to Takeaway.com in the UK, but Just-Eat has yet to cave in to my harassment…
@_date: 2015-05-08 11:21:36
BTE-e also emails you the IP number you logged in from
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:38:33
I'm curious to see how this might unravel. As an outsider, my impression is that the legal culture in the U.S. is based on making examples out of people through extreme incarceration, and that there's quite a large private prison industry with a financial interest in making sure that continues (just how it appears). So when the tide of public opinion turns, what happens? A lot of people stand to lose a lot of face admitting just how badly these policies backfired, and a lot of other people stand to lose a lot of money. It just sounds like a very messy situation.
@_date: 2015-05-29 04:39:47
This problem is why Bitcoin was created, in fact…
@_date: 2015-05-23 18:49:44
I don't follow your argument, can you phrase it in a different way? What is the connection between the unproductive asset point in paragraph 1 that leads to the conclusion you claim people should draw in paragraph 2? Do you mean you expect people to only hold unproductive assets if they are evenly distributed among society?
@_date: 2015-05-19 10:09:24
I'd be more concerned if Bitcoin *didn't* struggle to make its most crucial decision. Even more so if it had a leader who stepped in and made an arbitrary call.
@_date: 2014-12-28 09:37:41
This is only partially decentralised. If an individual server fails, it may only affect some instances, but if the datacenter loses power, or its network lines are cut (diggers really do slice through fibre cables sometimes), all the nodes in it would be cut off. It's probably worth having 2 or 3 nodes in the same datacenter, but beyond that I suspect there's little extra value in each node beyond that.
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:17:34
Heh, I'm on my way to Poland currently but I'm stopping in Prague from tonight until Saturday just so I can visit Paralelní Polis and this Bitcoin Mecca :-)
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:20:45
The old saying "you get what you pay for" springs to mind.
Why would it come as a surprise to someone that the more expensive product is superior? Now, a higher price does not imply superior quality, but anyone buying a cheaper product without questioning whether it's inferior is not doing basic due diligence. 
It's not SatoshiLabs' responsibility to educate Bitcoin about their competitors' products, it's the responsibility of Bitcoin users themselves.
@_date: 2015-01-21 01:03:49
To go with yeeha4's explanation, here's a great little story of a short squeeze that had quite a dramatic ending. Title is "How Porsche hacked the financial system and made a killing" and the original link is  . For some reason it won't load for me right now (and I'm on my mobile so this is fiddly), but if it's still down and you google you may get an archive or repost of it.
@_date: 2015-01-21 01:16:15
That moment when you find an old flash drive and realise it's 32 *megabytes*, not 32 gigabytes…
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:56:19
Repeatedly taking money off people for not putting them in jail all the while it suits you to take their money sounds a lot like… taxation
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:22:01
They picked the wrong metaphor here, a better way of phrasing the headline would be "HSBC fears world recession with no shovels left".
@_date: 2016-11-25 13:24:48
All ATMs I've seen in Prague are General Bytes machines and all but one are run by WBTCB. Is this a limitation of the GB software or is it the operator that needs to change this fee?
@_date: 2015-08-02 09:40:24
Actually it is the right term, this is money supply inflation… price inflation is a consequence. At some point the banks did a bait and switch with the words so the general public now refer to an increase in prices as "inflation", and most are clueless as to what causes it.
@_date: 2015-08-25 07:53:29
It's a shame you're being downvoted as you're making the important point that it's only possible to profit from trading when there's volatility.
@_date: 2015-08-08 19:12:13
Now you've said that I hope you've stored 2 or 3, in case someone comes with a rubber hose ;)
@_date: 2015-08-08 23:12:20
That's a very insightful comment, thank you. Curiously, it's a point we submitted as part of the Bitcoin Manchester group's submission for the HM Treasury digital currency call for information, but we didn't have this context at the time to believe it might be well received :-)
@_date: 2015-08-31 21:51:02
Hopefully you'll be able to add Honest Coffee to the Manchester section soon!
@_date: 2015-08-08 19:09:36
I was / still am quite surprised by the attitude of the UK financial services towards Bitcoin. The response to the Treasury call for information was positive and notes that at its  current scale "digital currencies" don't pose a thread to monetary policy/stability. The Bank of England recently even published a paper explaining that money is created as debt and that loans don't need corresponding deposits. 
What I find even more surprising is that the US and UK. I expected they'd either both try to crush Bitcoin, or both try to exploit it, due to whatever network of friends is pulling strings behind the banks formulating something resembling a coherent plan. In fact the general inconsistent and erratic reactions of governments around the world makes me think that if there is a NWO conspiracy, it isn't a very good one, at least not wrt cryptocurrencies.
I have no idea what attitudes in the banking/finance sector in the US are like. Maybe years of world dominance have given people a sense that the Federal Reserve is almost omnipotent. (Mind you, the EU/ECB's treatment of Greece recently suggests a similar arrogance in Europe.)
It's fun to watch, but I can't pretend to know what's going on.
@_date: 2015-08-28 12:28:58
Given the uproar proposals to change the blocksize have caused, I can't wait to see what happens when someone proposes to change the proof of work algorithm.
@_date: 2015-08-30 19:48:00
This to me seems like the most important area to invest in Bitcoin research, a lot of ideological arguments could be settled much more easily if we have some quantifiable computer simulations of the network. Agent-based modelling is fairly new though, it's still not a tool people reach for often.
@_date: 2015-08-02 10:20:55
I think he addresses this quite well in this point:


Lacking any sort of quantifiable model for how the network might (mis)behave, the small blocksize argument has become "here be dragons".
@_date: 2015-08-13 12:45:01
If you increase the size of the money base 10% overnight, prices don't rise evenly by 10%. Instead, the people who get this extra 10% get to buy goods and services at the old prices, bidding them up in the process. These recipients then get to spend the money, bidding up their suppliers' prices. Eventually the money is distributed, but the people who received the money earlier are relatively richer, and those who received it later are relatively poorer. (This ignores any other reasons that might happen at the same time which would mean the demand for money would change.)
If the world transacted entirely in bitcoin, they the first people to receive the money would be the miners, then the electricity producers, ASIC manufacturers etc, and so on. (In the current situation they have to buy fiat to pay for these first.)
So it's important to distinguish between inflation of the money supply and inflation of prices because there is a delay between the cause and the effects, and it affects different people differently. Compare also QE and stock prices.
@_date: 2015-08-09 00:17:43
This much I was aware of, but I'm pretty ignorant of the details. I can see the video you're talking about on YouTube, and I've saved a note on Trello to watch it later. Thanks for the very helpful comments!
@_date: 2015-08-31 21:49:03
I organise Bitcoin Manchester with and we have pizza from Takeaway.com at every meetup, for this reason :D
(To be fair, we have had problems with transactions not going through quickly, presumably transient BitPay issues, but usually it's much easier. One advantage is that if one person is having trouble, they can ask someone else to pay… you certainly wouldn't ask someone if you could borrow their credit card details "just for one transaction".)
@_date: 2015-08-08 23:09:39
I didn't say there was, I said "it seems plausible".
@_date: 2015-08-08 21:16:16
Well I don't think this particular example proves it either way. One the one hand I doubt very much their is one enlightened group manipulating the world flawlessly in its plot to rule over everyone. On the other hand it seems plausible there are groups of influential people who are conspiring to try — there are too many psychopaths in the world to rule this out (and non-psychopaths who have just got too greedy).
@_date: 2015-08-25 07:44:29
I don't know how much programming you've done, but they really are different limits. They're both design decisions by humans but one is much harder to change.
You can compare it to building a road. If you build a road with 2 lanes and later decide you want 3, it's going to cost you a lot (this is the "hard limit"). But if you build a road with 3 lanes and later want to only use two, it's very easy to block one lane off with cones (this is the "artificial limit").
The argument is that it's better to just remove the cones from the existing lanes in Bitcoin for now, than to remove the cones and simultaneously build a new lane.
@_date: 2015-08-02 11:12:29
Risk aversion is fine, and it's probably better to be on the cautious side with Bitcoin. But when there's no clear basis for appraising the risk, it starts to look more like superstition.
@_date: 2015-07-24 19:46:22
Yes, that's what I was saying… that I think the small blockers are being naive because even with some of the proposed blocksize limit increases there would still be room for Lightning.
I apologise as I clearly wrote the original comment in a really stupid way, but I genuinely don't understand why people misunderstood me :-S
@_date: 2015-07-08 12:58:55
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:37:42
Is it possible it's the miners themselves doing this to put pressure on the core team to make the necessary improvements? After all, the miners will reclaim a portion of their own transaction fees – with enough collusion between large miners they could do this almost for free.
@_date: 2015-07-08 08:52:54
That is the single funniest blocksize metaphor I've seen so far (and also the most morbid). Maybe I shouldn't laugh…
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:13:05
It's hard if not impossible to tell the difference between a press conspiracy organised by some covert actor, and ignorant parroting of unsubstantiated nonsense. 
The press reporting of coverage of anything health related is the same. An analogous topic to the blockchain is the healthiness or otherwise of low-carb diets. It's really, really inconvenient for the press and the medical industry when studies are published showing that fat is not bad for you (especially animal fat!), and that lower-carb/higher-fat diets improve markers such as cholesterol readings. So when the press publishes another "surprising" study it's not unusual to see things like "but experts say the long-term harm will outweigh any short-term benefits", without any justification for why this might be the case. Now, there is a vested interest in maintaining this public belief, because it is was ever conclusively proved and widely believed that high carb diets are dangerous, the agrobusinesses peddling crap made from cheap high fructose corn syrup, and the pharmaceuticals peddling diabetic medication and weight lost pills would go under. In the mean time they can make a lot of money by peddling similarly cheap, crap-filled "low carb" substitutes, and it will work all the while the general public is ignorant of human nutrition. If the general public educated themselves enough to choose healthy foods based on sound underlying nutritional principles this scam industry would collapse.
So it is (IMHO) with Bitcoin. There are definitely people with a vested interest in maintaining the opinion that Bitcoin has no value, but the explosion of press articles around "blockchain without the bitcoin" can be explained adequately by simple press ignorance parroting the same line without knowing how to challenge it. And by comparison, I don't think this will improve immediately until the general public educate themselves on sound economic principles, like (the one relevant to this article) the fact there is no such thing as intrinsic value.
Where I think it differs is that (based on my own personal observation), people are overall (this is a broad generalisation!) more interested in increasing their material wealth than maintaining their health. This can be explained simply because the feedback loop is much quicker — what you earn today you can spend tomorrow, but the health and fitness you work towards now takes a long time to produce a reward, and undoing it through an unhealthy lifestyle takes much longer to cause sickness.
So I don't think it matters. All these people chanting the mantra that Bitcoin has no intrinsic value won't change the fact that some people (these dumb idiots who think the ability to spend transaction outputs has any value! even though they're not backed by dollars! haha, fools) will act as if it does, and it will become a self-fulfilling prophecy. You can disguise the fact that drinking 4 litres of coke a day will slowly ruins people's bodies, but you can't disguise people remitting cheaply across the globe, circumventing capital controls, protecting themselves from inflation and confiscation. And you certainly can't stop people rushing in to mine the bitcoins (thereby securing the network) everyone else is chasing, not unless you somehow remove the entrepreneurial spirit from the entire human race.
In short: these aren't the first people who have thought they're beyond the laws of economics, they won't be the last, but they're welcome the waste their own resources trying – they're only hastening their own demise.
@_date: 2015-07-24 15:17:34
What strikes me as absurd is that anyone could think that even with an 8MB or 20MB blocksize limit, there wouldn't be a need for something like Lightning. We'll need blocks much larger than this for Bitcoin to support every coffee sale in the world, at which point scalability questions will be harder to answer. So all this seems to be doing now is breeding resentment against the Lightning team when their solution would still be valuable even under current proposals.
Or, maybe I'm wrong and 8MB blocks will render Lightning permanently useless. That's a very pessimistic appraisal of Bitcoin's potential though.
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:46:43


So why do you think it would stop innovation then? Company A makes product P, and company B makes product Q, and they are in direct competition. Let's say both P and Q sell for $100. Now imagine the deflationary effect due to increased demand for money will make the prices $90 next year. But, company B thinks it can find a way to produce Q at $85, including the general price deflation. So in a year, consumers would have to choose between P at $90 and Q at $85.
Let's say it will take $100,000 of research to achieve the price drop. For simplicity let's assume that it's the best investment they can make. Making the expedient (although unrealistic) assumption that all prices will change evenly, that money would be worth $111,111 in today's terms in a year's time; alternatively it needs to bring back at least $90,000 of extra profit in a year's time to break even.
So if company B thinks it can spend $100,000 to bring in even $95,000 extra in a year and hence make a profit in real terms, why would it not do this?


The same thing applies. If I have $100,000 now and I think $90,000 will have the equivalent worth in a year's time, but someone offers me $95,000 back in the future if I invest it now, why would I not invest it? (Assuming I don't need it for liquidity.)
@_date: 2015-07-24 16:25:40
Canada recently passed a law requiring that for every new regulation a comparably expensive one must be removed, so that might actually be a good thing!
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:59:31
Sorry I didn't mean to imply anything about comments here, I meant the ongoing discussion in the subreddit about Lightning.
@_date: 2015-07-02 15:59:11
If you've paid a miner's fee on a transaction you've paid a toll to record the transaction on the blockchain, no? You're only moving bitcoins around not new assets, but it's still new information being put on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-07-28 11:19:54
How far in the distance is that horizon? :)
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:47:37
So Voat can't take the server load of people viewing the site, and Bitcoin can't take the server load of people paying for it? :)
@_date: 2015-07-02 15:59:44
A toll is a per-use fee though. Land tax seams a closer analogy?
@_date: 2015-07-03 08:52:14
Also if you're tidying up bits and pieces there's a typo on the Twitter bio, it says "European Econminc Area". Easy to forget what you put there as you never see it yourself.
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:10:08
From the original white paper [Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System]( by Satoshi:


Satoshi designed Bitcoin in part because he thought the world needs a low-cost peer-to-peer digital cash system that works over the internet. This doesn't mean he is *right*, but anyone arguing that Bitcoin should only be used for large transactions is basically saying that Satoshi created Bitcoin for the wrong purpose.
@_date: 2015-07-16 18:05:31
Well cows used to be used as money, so if your idea makes it into reality I guess finance will have come full circle :)
@_date: 2015-07-06 07:29:03
I tend to capitalise it when referring to the currency as a concept, eg "the Euro is in trouble", "Bitcoin has a finite supply", but use lower case when referring to a quantity, eg "That will be 5 euros please" or "I have 2 bitcoins in my wallet" or "Can I pay in bitcoin?"
What said is fairly accepted convention, I don't know if I'm doing it the same as everyone else.
All kinda makes me wish the app had originally been called Magic Internet Bank and the currency Bitcoin, English has enough bizarre, arbitrary spelling rules already without adding this one!
@_date: 2015-07-23 14:57:23
Finite money supply and price inflation/deflation are different things. Prices can go up or down with the same money supply is people decide they want to save more or less cash for whatever purpose.
The comparison I was trying to make is that in a debt-based money system, bad investments can be propped up longer by printing more money, but with a fixed money supply this is impossible.
The point is that price inflation/deflation is the effect of some other cause or causes, including money supply inflation. What Mises was complaining about is that by defining inflation as *price* inflation, it obfuscates the real cause in an expanding money supply. Even if this is "non-standard" it's important because it makes it much easier to understand what's going on than if we talk about price inflation/deflation as some sort of ghost that acts of its own free will.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:56:09
There's always @_date: 2015-07-11 13:23:51
Upvoted for the comment, but also for not writing "could care less".
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:34:57
Is that why companies have stopped investing in designing new computers, because people have seen they get cheaper each year, and have stopped buying them? ;)
@_date: 2015-07-13 21:31:20
You can show from first principles how capitalism evolves from first an individual wanting to economise his time for maximum personal satisfaction, through simple division of labour in a primitive community, up to global trade. Carl Mengers's short book Principles of Economics shows the process quite simply. 
Free market capitalism is simply when someone is willing and able to hold back their consumption, and instead invest in goods and services that will (hopefully) yield more / more desirable goods to be consumed in the future. 
The problems in the EU are *not* caused by capitalism. There is nothing capitalistic about issuing debt-based money for a country/government to spend beyond its means now, in the hope of repaying in future. If anything, it's the polar opposite of capitalism – instead of increasing saving in the peripheral countries it's increasing consumption. A socialist policy of high government spending only makes this worse. 
Nor is there a free market here. This scenario is only possible because governments have granted banks the ability to grow the money supply unchecked and extend the debt further every time a crisis is reached. The banks are not operating in a free market, they're operating in a protected market, subsidised by taxpayers. Instead of suffering short financial collapse followed by readjustment, we now suffer long drawn-out stagnation, where the only "readjustment" is that wealth centralises among the people who control the supply of money. 
Unfortunately the process of tax enslavement by the banking oligopoly that is going on now seems to go by the name "capitalism", in which case we need a new name for what capitalism actually is. By design or otherwise the word "capitalism" has been co-opted, and people now attack the free market as an enemy, demanding intervention to solve it, when it is the existing interventions between the governments and the banks to control the money supply that are the root cause of the problem. We have started calling "interventionism" by the name "capitalism" – as far as Newspeak goes, I'm sure it would make Orwell proud.
@_date: 2015-07-03 14:05:00
It's not that *debt* is bad, it's that *debt-based money* is bad.
Debt is when one person thinks, "I have this money now that I don't need. Rather that spend it on wasteful consumption or keep it under a mattress doing nothing, I will let someone else use it for a while. In return I expect that person to return it plus a surplus (loan interest), it return for the lost opportunity I had when it was out of my hands and the risk I might not get it back."
*Debt-based money* is when a bank says "I will give you a deposit balance if you pay it back in future plus an interest fee. The new deposit balance for the loan amount isn't backed by banknotes from someone else's savings, I created it on the basis of your promise to repay it. I'm now going to treat your loan as a source of income and maybe sell it to another bank. Please don't default on the payments because if you do someone might notice that I never really had the money I lent you. Oh, if this happens, please don't start withdrawing it as cash and telling your friends to withdraw their money as cash, or people might realise none of us banks have any of the money we lent any of you."
These are gross simplifications but it's the general idea. You might find the video Money as Debt useful:
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:25:02
I've never read about the history of electricity. I didn't know Edison thought it would only be used for lighting, and I didn't know it was available only to the richest people for a significant length of time (and certainly not because it involved expensive dynamos). My only reference points are the spread of mobile phones and home internet access. 
I know this is not surprising stuff, but I did not know it as a fact, and I wasn't going to guess. I would just ask that you consider how you word replies like this – someone could read this discussion and interpret it (rightly or wrongly) as "This guy admitted he didn't know something, and the other guy shot him down for not knowing it". It could discourage people from joining in a discussion if they interpret it that they will get criticised for being ignorant of something.
@_date: 2015-07-06 07:32:24
I'm all for deregulation. Let's take out the regulations that allow them to create money. And the regulations that allow the government to use taxpayers to bail them out. The rest should take care of itself.
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:42:52
The book you mentioned has got good reviews. I've made a note of it to look into some time, it sounds like a story worth learning more about.
@_date: 2015-07-16 22:14:13
I was thinking a similar thing! As long as the starting balance isn't 0, of course ;)
@_date: 2015-07-03 09:18:58
I think this is the single best use of Bitcoin I've seen so far as it directly demonstrates how fundamental it is to Bitcoin that transactions are unblockable and irreversible, which is much more important in the short term than its finite money supply.
I hope you pull this off. If you're successful, the whole world (and specifically the ECB) will see you demonstrate that capital controls in a single eurozone country will just drive people to use a better form of money. If people see a risk of contagion spreading to eg Italy, this would demonstrate the value of having Bitcoin invoicing set up in advance.
Economists like Mises like to say that the gold standard was one of the key factors behind free trade during the industrial revolution. Maybe we will see capital controls demonstrate that Bitcoin can serve the same purpose in the 21st century.
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:17:32
How is btcd these days? It's a long time since I heard anything about it. (Lazy post, I should really go and read the change log…)
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:26:06
Yes! System dynamics is an incredibly powerful tool that is woefully under-used. I've not read this one, but Thinking in Systems (also Donella Meadows) is a great introduction. 
I just had a look on InsightMaker.com to see if there were any relevant models and found that one of the people behind it quite recently created an online version of the World3 model: 
They did not anticipate Bitcoin when this model was created :-)
Modelling and simulation is going to be (or should be) a big part of Bitcoin's future. We're already at the point where we can't answer simple questions like the impact of a block size on the Bitcoin network. Like every complex system, it's impossible to run two experiments in parallel, and experiments are unrepeatable. If we want to make more complex or riskier changes in future, or want to have debates without resorting to ideological heel-digging, we will need some sort of computer simulation to answer questions our limited human brains can't answer.
I'm almost tempted now to throw together a crude Insight Maker model of this post…
@_date: 2015-07-23 12:32:02
Since I believe you're already aware of this, Mises emphasised that the underlying effect is an increase or decrease in the money supply, and that over time, this leads to an increase or decreased not prices (although not evenly). But to call it non-standard because only this school of economists makes this point doesn't affect whether it's right or wrong. Either Mises *or* Keynes was right.
Currently the central banks are creating a huge wealth transfer propping up failed businesses with new money. They either believe this really will help the economy recover, or they're using that as an excuse while they funnel more wealth to themselves (or possibly both). Bitcoin is interesting because if it grows to rival USD, EUR or similar, it will test the Austrian school theory that the amount of money in the system is irrelevant if it's suitably divisible, and that economies recover faster when bad investments fail quickly. (Although arguably Iceland has demonstrated that in a fiat money situation.)
Mises was angered by the misuse of the terms inflation/deflation to refer to *price* inflation/deflation, because then it leaves no word for the inflation of the money supply itself. IE economists and the press talk about price inflation as if it was a cause in itself, when in fact it's just one of many effects of an underlying cause.
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:46:52
Thanks for the history, I didn't know anything about that!
It'll be interesting to see if it plays out the same way then.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:37:47
I read once about an experiment where teams were graded on work, but some teams had an individual with the explicit task to play devils advocate about their decisions, and the ones that had this scored better. I've been completely unable to find it since. It supports your counterpoint argument anyway, assuming I didn't imagine it in a dream :)
Maybe we need a few form of Hanlon's Razor that tells us to "never attribute to malice what can easily be explained by social ineptness".
It does seem reasonable that if you're an enemy of Bitcoin (eg a central bank that feels threatened by it), sowing discord among the developers is a reasonable strategy to derail the project. But hey we also have large, wealthy organisations like Nasdaq with an interest in preserving and developing it. At least the debate is in public, so at least we can hope that, on the off-chance Peter Todd is a spy, his arguing and Buttcoin-colluding unwittingly strengthens the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-08 10:54:01
Upvoted for the last paragraph alone.
What's worse, due to the delays and interconnections involved, people's intuition of complex problems is often wrong, and we pull the levers the wrong way. The biggest example probably being: as businesses start to fail at the end of a boom, we make the interest rate on loans *lower*.
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:44:48
I really hope this produces some public success case studies. Given the current state of capital controls and the dire situation Greek businesses are in, I personally believe this could be the most important use of Bitcoin so far, maybe even more important than Silk Road.
@_date: 2015-07-10 12:11:30
The flipside though is that the faster the response of price, the faster reinforcing loops will form, so people seeing the price rise/fall will start to buy/sell much sooner, driving the price up/down and causing more of the same behaviour. Hence with high frequency trading, crashes can happen in minutes.
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:37:49


Well, if this sort of use grows, and Bitcoin stays limited to 3tx/s then you and me will have no choice in sacrificing coffee-buying transactions – companies remitting €10k invoices for bulk olive oil purchases will be willing and able to pay a higher transaction fee that will exclude anyone buying a single coffee in a cafe.


This is true, there are always unforeseen uses for things. You could say that in this sense Satoshi was "wrong", as people have developed extensions like ColoredCoins that allow any asset to be traded on the blockchain, not just bitcoins.
Maybe a closer analogy would be this like of discussion: The electricity grid is expensive, it will cost a lot to reach every building. Should electricity be used to power the lights in *every* home, or only in the homes of rich people, or even only in big factories? 
@_date: 2015-07-16 13:51:06
Or as it's known in England… Politician's Logic :) 
@_date: 2015-04-25 12:45:28
This isn't how it works in the UK. UK banks just have to have enough reserves at the Bank of England to remain solvent for inter-bank transfers. The system favours large banks, as the larger a bank, the more transfers will be between customers of that bank, meaning BoE reserves are not moved at the end of the day. But a small bank that issues a lot of loans may find it becomes insolvent if its loan customers all move their newly created deposits elsewhere. I don't know (or don't remember) how a bank secures BoE deposits, there's a small book by the New Economics Foundation that explains it in more detail.
Bottom line: there's no fixed limit/ratio, it appears to be down to the discretion of the individual banks.
@_date: 2015-04-01 05:44:50
You may like this video which explains the "War on Cocaine" in the 80s from a system point of view. They make exactly the same point as you, that all the work (fighting?) was done on the supply side, very little on the demand side, and that this became self-defeating. 
@_date: 2015-09-22 13:42:49
I'd like to know this too, a had a quick look a while back but I didn't see any simple explanations.
@_date: 2015-09-02 12:21:07
There is a big problem in this sub that admitting ignorance is seen as a sign of weakness, and there are people willing to prey on that. The voices of loud but misinformed people are more likely to be heard than quiet, even-tempered, self-aware people. I can't prove it without resorting to circular logic, but I imagine many lurkers who could make a valuable contribution here avoid commenting because they see what happens to anyone with a less than watertight argument.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:00:59


This strikes me as the root cause of the problem.
@_date: 2015-09-05 17:34:07
Well if that means increasing the block size will prevent fractional reserve lending it's got quite a lot going for it.
@_date: 2015-09-25 14:27:56
That is my new favourite economics term ever.
@_date: 2015-09-25 16:02:04
I thought it was the commies [impurifying all of our precious bodily fluids](
@_date: 2015-10-25 22:13:57
I'm not taking sides either way in this theory, but the idea reminded me of the article [To Everyone Saying Russia Is "Isolated", Here's A Map]( probably my favourite map (on Zero Hedge at least) so far.
@_date: 2015-10-22 08:38:13
You'd think Bloomberg might bother to include this little detail in the article…
@_date: 2015-03-12 09:18:30
I've just moved here for a while and I've got a Play SIM for my phone and LTE dongle for my laptop. The service is amazing compared to what I had in the UK with Three. Is it worth switching to T-Mobile? I'm torn, as is really like to top up with bitcoin, but I wouldn't want to lose the Play service quality.
@_date: 2015-10-25 18:41:40
With negative nominal rates at least people can see in black and white what's going on, instead of having to interpret the value of money or relying on manipulated indicators like government price indexes. I agree people should be angry that their wealth is being stolen by monetary inflation, but most people don't understand how fiat money works, while everyone understands subtraction and negative numbers (I say optimistically).
The real headfuck for the average bank user will come if it ever gets to the point where you can get a negative interest rate on a *loan*. (This thought sends a chill down my spine.)
@_date: 2015-10-20 15:20:56
In an unhampered market, the situation will tend towards one where everyone who wants to find work can find work. (Although note that we don't have an unhampered market at the moment, due to eg licensing regulations and minimum wage laws.) Any workers freed due to business closure are bidded for by existing firms or new startups. Creating incentives to work in businesses that are "slightly not cost-effective" is the definition of malinvestment, ie encouraging businesses that are doomed to bankruptcy. You don't create jobs with cheap money, you just prop up unsustainable companies and make the collapse more dramatic when things finally fall apart.
@_date: 2015-10-23 18:44:01
I have no idea why you have written this reply. You said you were confused by the rant by so I tried to write an explanation. I don't believe any of the things you say I believe. I will think twice in future before attempting to clarify a thread in this subreddit!
@_date: 2015-03-29 13:16:39
You forgot the 10,000 bitcoin pizza, that's got to be *gluttony* surely?
@_date: 2015-10-23 18:44:37
In that case it appear that the video is wrong? (Unless I completely misunderstood it?!)
@_date: 2015-03-02 13:49:17
Heh, I remember being invited to answer this survey and I applied the same logic. According to the article I guessed $8-10000, with the disclaimer that it was "Pure, wild speculation though :)"
It's worth pointing out that the author is bestowing the title "expert" on the respondents whether they want it or not. I'm not an expert, I'm an organiser of a local meetup group. I'm not an idiot, and I have some understanding of dynamic systems, but I'd never in a million years describe myself as an "expert". In fact I'd go as far as to say that such a person can't yet exist, not for something as new and unprecedented as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-23 18:09:08
The previous post claims that if everybody was paid a basic income (ie the government gave everybody enough to live off) nobody would be coerced to do anything. is pointing out that for anybody to get a basic income, somebody must have been taxed to collect the money (which is coercive taking of wealth), and this implies that they were working to produce goods and services into the economy – the very thing that OP was claiming as coercive because people aren't free to pick whatever job (however useless it might be) they feel like. 
My summary: at least *some* people in the economy must provide something that other people want for others to be able to waste their time doing things nobody cares about. I am guessing this is why calls the argument "high school juvenile communism", because refuting it boils down to a point as absurdly obvious as this.
@_date: 2015-10-21 17:06:03
I was trying to simply restate what the video was saying but applied to the blockchain. What did I misinterpret?
@_date: 2015-10-19 14:23:05
… and yet an alien moving towards Earth would see blocks we will mine in our future 
@_date: 2015-03-14 18:35:15
Likewise, it's so short and to the point too. Almost no excuse to *not* read it really!
@_date: 2015-10-24 10:50:35
I love the phrase "crime arising from Bitcoin’s use" as if people woke up one morning and thought things like "Now I have access to Bitcoin, I must go out and find crimes to commit with it! I've had enough of my job as an accountant in a medium size automotive parts factory, I'm going to set up as a darknet arms dealer and later expand into human trafficking with the profits!"
@_date: 2015-03-22 17:19:49
Good point :) For anyone who's read this far down and wants to know more about this situation I recommend The Tragedy of the Euro. It's only a short read too.
Tragedy of the Commons is a well known situation in system dynamics, but apparently unknown to modern economists almost entirely.
@_date: 2015-03-16 12:25:40
The "BSD is dead" running joke is probably the closest equivalent of "good news is killing the bitcoin price", I think.
@_date: 2015-03-02 15:47:32
I take it back, I *am* an expert! :D
@_date: 2015-02-19 06:35:46
I used to do some FreeBSD sysadmin some years back and it's by far the most reliable system I've ever used.
I tried to get FreeBSD/ARM running on a Raspberry Pi to run a btcd node, but no amount of hacking away at the boot loader would make it start up properly, at least not on any SD card I had. Hopefully one day…
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:48:32
Yep, I gave it a go but I couldn't get it to boot properly. From what I could gather from the limited error messages, it was a compatibility issue with the SD card. But I don't know really – my computer skills at the hardware level are pretty minimal.
@_date: 2015-10-08 08:13:15
It's a shame you've been downvoted so much for saying something that is exactly correct.
@_date: 2015-02-13 22:17:37
I said "us" in this comment to mean the general population encountering bitcoin and questioning the nature of money, without wanting to sound like I have some sort of superior knowledge. As it happens I had personally already studied the way fiat money systems work before I learnt about Bitcoin.
I consider it rather rude to call someone uneducated on the basis of the way you choose to interpret one comment.
@_date: 2015-03-12 17:56:07
Thanks for the info. Yes, I'm extremely pleased with Play's LTE bundles, if I didn't want to run a full bitcoin node in my flat I might do everything off an LTE modem :)
I think what I'll do instead is email Play customer support and ask them if they'll consider offering the same.
@_date: 2015-02-13 22:11:58
Heh, very well put :-)
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:42:21
He'd have to be holding a printout of his keys when they got him!
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:25:38
Yes, and most important thing is that people understand this is symmetrical, and that there's no one magical commodity that buys everything, and is bought by nothing. This sort of discussion wouldn't be happening without Bitcoin forcing us to reconsider what money is.
@_date: 2015-02-13 13:28:54
Maybe it's just me, but a BuzzFeed-style headline now makes me *less* likely to click on a link
@_date: 2015-02-03 20:33:09
No, the data is still in the blockchain, the nodes just don't keep it in their working memory. It's still available for a full validation if necessary.
Think of it like your online banking hiding closed accounts, with a "show old accounts" button to bring them back if you need to check your statements.
@_date: 2015-02-22 10:01:27
Even "backing" in the sense of the money being redeemable for gold is a metaphor. To physically back paper money with gold you'd have to somehow laminate one sodę of the paper to physically strengthen and support it. Saying paper money is backed by gold to strengthen the currency as nothing literally gets strengthened, as with backing it by more obviously metaphorical terms like "the government" or "guns". These things are all more metaphorical than we realise at first glance, but some are more familiar and easily taken for granted.
@_date: 2015-02-10 19:31:12
Heh I came here to see if anyone had already said something similar.
Along this line of thought, Bitcoin company failures could been seen as giving Bitcoin a good name. Fiat bank makes bad decisions? Bailed out. Bitcoin bank (I'm using the term loosely for Mt.Gox as some people used it as a wallet) makes bad decisions. Goes bust. And subsequent companies attempt to win customers with lower trust / higher security alternatives. We can point at the Bitcoin ecosystem as a whole whole that it's learning a lot faster that the fiat ecosystem – that is to say, at all.
@_date: 2015-02-18 14:09:18
I forgot all about this, and I just moved to Wrocław!