@_author: asian_quesadilla
@_date: 2018-08-30 09:36:12
How would you read the data though. 
@_date: 2019-02-19 08:06:42
Not likely since bitcoin has a finite number of blocks that are able to be mined. This, to me, strongly suggests Bitcoin in itself is some kind of beta test, as it will obviously not be sustainable after all of the blocks are mined. Its not about defeating bitcoin, its about the inevitable death of bitcoin. No one really knows what will happen when the last block is mined in a few years, the value could skyrocket or it could become worthless, or nothing at all may happen. But this currency is built on decentralization of ledgers, and if the incentive to keep ledgers (mining) is taken away, the whole system should collapse.
Cryptocurrency as a concept, however, is simply inevitable. It is a pandora's box of financial technologies. Simply a matter of time before cryptocurrency replaces Fiat currencies around the world. The hard part is creating a cryptocurrency that actually adds value to people. Bitcoin, at the end of it, was basically backed by energy the same way the USD was backed by gold. The energy required to mine it kept the value high, but since the hash function difficulty scales relatively with how much power is used to mine it, the amount of energy a bitcoin can be worth is theoretically infinite. Bitcoin is already a black hole for energy consumption. Using unlimited energy on useless equations to gain finite money is inherently unsustainable. 
The equations of a practical cryptocurrency should benefit humanity in some way, while discouraging feeding unlimited energy in a system, and have safeguards to prevent one person/entity from having too much mining capacity. A perfect cryptocurrency would be a source of small secondary income for millions of families across the world instead of the main income of crypto-mining operations. When crypto gets to this point, it will damn sure replace government currencies. 
@_date: 2019-02-19 06:48:14
Crypto WILL replace traditional currency. But i doubt it will be bitcoin. Bitcoin was only satoshi's first iteration 