@_author: ask_about__voidspace
@_date: 2015-03-01 16:42:59


Yes, and so does every other MMORPG in existence. What makes VoidSpace unique is the fact that we're simulating the game world at a lower level which opens the business possibilities to a much much greater degree. We will also have some game mechanics specifically designed to aid in running your operation as a business.


That is not exactly what I meant. Since you still have NPCs in the game world selling things at prices set by the developer, "everything in the game world" does not have a natural value.


Once again, yes all MMORPGs have players with needs. What sets VoidSpace apart is the fact that these needs don't have to be defined by the developer AND the fact that there are much more of them. This gives a much better simulation of the human experience in a universe.


Not at all. If EVE had the freedom of Minecraft, and lacked any NPCs then I would agree with you.
@_date: 2015-03-01 16:18:54
Not at all. Bitcoin is a central part of VoidSpace and we wouldn't be able to support cryptocurrency at all if it wasn't for bitcoin. We will be accepting bitcoin along with many other cyrptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:12:30
It really depends on the individual.
* It could be the fact that you'll be able to play on your desktop and then switch to your phone and play the full game there seamlessly.
* It could be the fact that the world is constructed as a raw but full universe with an emphasis on the human experience in a real civilization.
* The fact that you can create your own business that serves real players with real needs. Where everything in the game has a natural value, just like the real world. That there are no predefined "jobs" but lots of "needs" that continue to expand indefinitely as a player society expands technologically.
* The fact that the players discover and hone their own skills and that no two skills are exactly the same. Inventions, discoveries, and really any man-made object doesn't exist when the world spawns and they only begin to come into existence as players discover and create them.
* The fact that it will effectively be a limitless sandbox world played in a simulated but single seamless instance while supporting hundreds of thousands of players. 
* Maybe it's the real-money transactions between players, further emphasising that this is essentially a virtual country that you can work real jobs while playing (if you're into that kind of thing).
[Here is a post I write about EVE vs VoidSpace](  )
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:41:33
I'm pretty sure you cannot travel from one end of the game world to the other without warping. But if you have a link that states otherwise the I would be very interested!
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:04:22
We will accept as many currencies as we can (within reason) but we will be storing as dogecoin.
@_date: 2015-03-01 16:31:55
Because one of the fundamental points of the Universe Project concept is to move away from the "smoke and mirrors" that make up todays games. World of Warcraft is akin to playing a video game inside of a painting. Nothing really changes and everything you're looking at is fake, even within the context of the game world.