@_author: askmaury
@_date: 2017-07-12 23:34:28
Copied and pasted from something i judt posted. But good to see for anyone wanting to understand the situation
Don't have a strong opinion wither way, but the reasons to not audit the Fed are pretty obvious. The Fed should clearly not be under government control, and is designed that way. The Fed's books are currently audited by Deloitte, and this movement is specifically so that the GAO (govt office) can assess the Fed's policy decisions.
This strikes fear in many people who want the Fed to be independent, that the GAO can politicize monetary policy, and opens the door to political pressure on future policy. 
Imagine a president pressuring them to lower rates so they can get reelected, not good. Whether or not there already is political pressure is up for debate, but that this would increase the amount is indisputable.
@_date: 2017-07-13 00:19:41
Its an "audit" of policy decisions. Congress would get a doorway into decision making by the Fed through the GAO which would be allowed to make policy recommendations and open all decisions and meeting subject to GAO review at the request of Congress. 
The books of the Fed are already audited, as I mentioned. And financial reports are public. 
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:48:15
Interesting stuff! My guess, that much money was probably a swap with foreign banks. Basically a loan in which we hold their foreign currency as collateral. 
If you're interested, you can read about it, and the related press releases here:  
If you're even more interested, you personally can look into our current open swaps and historical if you look around for it. If you need help I can point you in the right direction 
@_date: 2017-07-12 23:32:40
Don't have a strong opinion wither way, but the reasons to not audit the Fed are pretty obvious. The Fed should clearly not be under government control, and is designed that way. The Fed's books are currently audited by Deloitte, and this movement is specifically so that the GAO (govt office) can assess the Fed's policy decisions.
This strikes fear in many people who want the Fed to be independent, that the GAO can politicize monetary policy, and opens the door to political pressure on future policy. 
Imagine a president pressuring them to lower rates so they can get reelected, not good. Whether or not there already is political pressure is up for debate, but that this would increase the amount is indisputable.
@_date: 2017-06-08 19:36:10
Haha this retard thinks replying to a post on the internet is talking