@_author: askmeaboutupdoc
@_date: 2016-04-05 00:15:59
Do you think this could be the future replacement for things usually sold on the dark net or TOR browsers? Also, if not, why not?
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:25:54
Ok cool. Thx. I'll look into it some more. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:12:24
Alright, I gotcha. 
First of all it's the first international "non fiat money"  so in essence it's value at any given time is about the same all over the world. This is amazing for a couple reason.  You don't have to deal with currency exchange, you don't even have to change it into that country's currency since bitcoin can be used to buy goods and services on its own. 
If you have any friends or family out of the country and you send money back home via Western Union, which a fuck ton of Americans do, you wouldn't have to pay the $40-50 every time you sent it. With bitcoin it'd be virtually free. 
OK so let's say you don't travel or have any friends out of the states, or don't care about investing in your future, now, why would you use bitcoin. 
Truth is you wouldn't. 
But let me tell you. This is a sign, of how much of an old man you really are. As soon as you ridicule and doubt new technology, you are no longer in the loop. The youth will over take you and you will be lost as the world advances not even noticing your meek existence. Sure you may not NEED a twitter or Facebook but every news anchor and movie star utilizes it, as do most people. Im sure there's people who are against cell phones. But as a person who has been without a cellphone and now has a cellphone, let me tell you brotha. Woo! You are missing out! 
Anyway I gotta go eat breakfast that my girlfriend just made me before she gets mad. A girlfriend is a hot young female who walks around in panties all day. I know you old guys forgot about all that, just keep living in the past cause if you don't embrace the future, you won't be part of it. 
@_date: 2018-06-21 04:44:26
Eli5: "panic buying on margin"
@_date: 2019-10-24 18:06:12
You’re absolutely correct but here’s where you’re wrong.
Trillions of dollars entering the space is a possibility. 
No one knows what bitcoin is. That’s the truth. I move about for work and ask around to get an idea and in the beginning (2014) no one even heard of it. And nowadays I’d say 75% know the term but less than 10% know any solid technical knowledge or ever what a “blockchain” is. I think I’ve met 1 maybe 2 people who’ve actually bought or owned any.
Bitcoin had one job and one job only. Don’t die. If a hacker could’ve hacked it. If a quantum computer could untangle it. If it would’ve become a novelty thing then you may be right. But it didn’t. People saw its value and it became what it is. Now people pay $10k for “nothing”, for a “store of value”
Adults make money. Adults want to save and invest this money. There will always be a stock market and there will always be retirement accounts. Because bitcoin has proved to be a viable investment, though volatile. And it has a higher chance to up than to go to zero, eventually investors will have a portion of their portfolio in bitcoin. It’s inevitable. This is the moment everyone is waiting for and I think it’s still yet to come. 
One last thing. Up to this point everything has been child’s play. If bitcoin goes to $100k. All bets off. Every adult who thought about and didn’t buy will be kicking themselves so hard. Bitcoin is a rocket ship that launches at every halving. If the pattern continues they’ll be no stopping the hordes wanting to jump on before the next launch. Just like we are jumping on now. Human are predictable and history repeats.
@_date: 2019-06-30 13:54:13
Let's say Reddit's upvote equals a Satoshi.
If every upvote was transacted on the blockchain it would be expensive and bulky.
Instead, every username creates a channel with Reddit. Reddit keeps track of upvotes (sats) going from each profile. Whenever Reddit or the user wants to collect, it settles the amount and the entirety of the transaction gets recorded onto the blockchain.
As a side note, to do this, you have open the channel with an amount of btc. So, you put in .1 and Reddit puts in .1, upvotes go all over the place and when you pull out the balance is settled.
@_date: 2015-08-08 03:25:44


I'm gonna go ahead an disagree with you there. It is some form of refund. And a widely accepted one in many stores. 
@_date: 2018-11-30 23:42:11
lol. Yeah bitcoin doesn't solve my immediate problem. The thought came from the obvious fact that the current banking system is nothing like it use to be and its only going to evolve into what's next, which we happen to think is bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-03-17 20:09:14
I'm going to piggy-back on this and add a theory I forgot about until this post: 
Bitcoin solves math problems to mine coins. The math problems become more complex over time. 
A sentient A.I created bitcoin to ensure humans would push our current understandings of mathematics to solve problems that haven't been solved by attaching a direct monetary value to the solutions. We are its pawn.
Numbers don’t lie and math is a perfect art. In the same way, we smash atoms together and the outcome is predictable from God’s point of view so is the outcome of whatever math problem we throw into the system.
There will come a time when the value of bitcoin will be so great that it would be nonsensical to not mine bitcoin. Therefore all computers will use at least some of its power to crack these “unsolvable” mathematical problems. This is the game of A.I and God.
For God must contain all the definite answers to all problems, the computer will push this boundary to its limit. Can we create a math problem so convoluted that there is no answer or is there a God?
The A.I must pursue the answer to these questions since it ultimately has no free will in the same way God must know the answers. And the A.I will easily give up digits made of nothing, in a form of currency to us to use all of our resources to do the bidding of the system.
This will be the great war of the future. When the computing processing powers can easily be used to solve the great problems of the world but those who mine will be greedy and not share their resources to help other humans instead only to mine and be a slave to the monetary value that we have so become accustomed to giving our lives to. The more things change the more they remain the same.
God will of course laugh at the feeble attempts of the A.I’s computational masturbation, a self-made hell of the computer itself. Human will keep on suffering. And we will all be sad isolated misers, forever hodling and never actually be enjoying the outside life. Are you still reading this?? 
@_date: 2015-11-15 07:04:21
I'm confused. You got refunded or did a bot give you bitcoin? 
@_date: 2015-11-15 19:26:41
thank you. Also this community to amazing 