@_author: askredditisdead
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:37:51
Self-interest is involved to motivate them, but not as its security.  The point of bitcoin's security is that it's supposed to be immune to bad people.  If someone wants to doublespend they can't, not because people who like it will step in, they just can't because it's impossible.  If all if a sudden people have to step in and save the security then it isn't cryptographic security.
Imagine if PGP counted on market forces and people who supported it to prevent it from being cracked.  PGP is secure because it can't be cracked. The math is too hard. End of story.
Bitcoin with everybody under two percent can't be exploited.  End of story.  But it isn't like that anymore and all of a sudden we have people having to 'defend it.'  That's not the way it works.
@_date: 2014-02-13 06:50:16
Did you read the statement from Gavin?  Transaction malleability is being exploited for a DDOS attack, causing other exchanges to suspend withdrawals too.  That doesn't change the interpretation?
@_date: 2014-01-10 23:03:07
You're the one generalizing. You're mixing a hundred different ways to potentially "compromise" something in with the absolute fact that bitcoin mining gets its security from having a distributed mining network.  The more distributed it is the more secure it is.
If you are the expert in cryptographic security you are trying to make everyone believe you are, please explain the difference in security between a mining network with one entity holding 40 percent of the hashing power and another network in which fifty entities hold two percent of the hashing power.
Pretty sure you can't, so I'll do it for you.  
The reality is that with two percent of the hash rate the probability of success of a double-spend attack drops to one one-thousandth of a percent.  One more confirmation and it makes it effectively zero.
If you have 40 percent of the hashrate, however, you still have a 50 percent chance after six confirmations.
It is that probabilistic protection against doublespend attempts that's under discussion here, not some weird concept of white knights riding in and manipulating for the common good.
If you've read it at all, you've misread the paper entirely. Nothing is ever immune to all problems, but bitcoin's security is based on probabilistic protection against double-spend attempts, not people looking out for it.
People looking out for it is a symptom of failure.  Just the opposite of the way it's supposed to be.
@_date: 2014-02-13 06:23:58
I'm asking.  At least z_5 gave an informative answer. 
You, however, are just being an asshole.  Not sure why you would even expend the energy.  
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:55:28
But it sounds like you guys are talking about bitcoin being secure because of self interest and market forces.
That's not right, is it?  It's supposed to be secure because it takes too much cryptographic work to break.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but we shouldn't have to care whether people keep things in check or not.  It should Just Work whether miners or pool operators or anybody are good or bad.
@_date: 2014-02-13 06:31:27
The point I'm trying to understand is not that the "bug" is new, but that everyone piled on and said MG was suddenly using it as a cover up..  But here:
there does seem to be a new development regarding transaction malleability that is causing the exact problem MG described for multiple exchanges, and many exchanges are reacting the same exact way.
Gavin doesn't seem to be implying negligence on anyone's part, just the opposite -- that updates need to be made in light of this specific attack.
@_date: 2014-01-11 03:15:33
You seem to be implying, with no shortage of arrogant grandstanding, that your knowledge of the security principles underlying bitcoin are sophisticated enough to dictate to us what is meaningful and what is not.
So would you use this knowledge to tell us the probability of success of a double-spend attack for someone with 48 percent of the hashing power after three confirmations?  And then tell us the probability after 6 confirmations?
Would you then tell us the probability of success for someone with 8 percent of the hashing power after three confirmations?  And six confirmations?
This would be fairly simple for someone with the expertise that appears to be the basis of your condescension.  Would you provide us with a little "security" in your expertise by providing us with a little "proof of work" of your own?
They aren't arbitrary math problems.  They will provide, if you are able to answer them correctly of course, a good foundation for a discussion of your remarks above.
Three decimal places is fine.  I don't want to be unreasonable. If you get stuck just say the word; I (or anyone with a reasonable level of knowledge in this area) will be happy to follow up with the exact answer.