@_author: aspect_
@_date: 2016-08-11 11:25:09
typo fixed
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:57:19
Whoever Staoshi is, the only way to prove his identity would be to have him sign a message with one of the private keys from the early blockchain blocks...
@_date: 2019-06-12 23:13:26
 
Since u/ripper has mentioned the Scaling Bitcoin conference, I will chime in with regards as to what would be the results of these funds (or for that matter any sponsorship) being delegated to the conference planning committee. 
Scaling Bitcoin is a non-profit academic-style conference with a strict focus on research and engineering. Our primary goal is to help the technical community behind Bitcoin present their research to the public and by holding conferences each year in different geographical regions, help the Bitcoin technical community build and strengthen international bridges. IMO this is how we can create the real and lasting impact and benefit for Bitcoin.
In 2017, as a part of our efforts, we have started the Bitcoin Edge Initiative under which we have now run two iterations of the Dev++ event, where we have now trained \~240 developers (\~90 at Stanford University and \~150 at Keio University).  All information that is being produced during Dev++ is made available to the public audience - [
Scaling Bitcoin planning committee is formed from previous event program chairs.  Hence with the exception of few people who handle logistics, everyone involved in the conference has run the program for one of the previous events and in one way or another are experts in the field.  If deemed appropriate, I would suggest delegating the decision to them and possibly award part of these funds to some of the interesting scalability/layer-II projects that will be presented at the upcoming event at the Tel Aviv University as a part of the CFP or WIP sessions. (Call For Proposals covers latest research and Work In Progress are short sessions where developers can present or give updates on their projects)
Finally, every year we seek sponsorship which we redirect to student, developer and diversity subsidies.  There are a lot of contributors in this space who do active research, development, and contributions but are not rewarded nearly enough and at times cannot even afford to travel. These are the people in most need and helping them be a part of the community that is largely international is extremely important.
For those who have not followed this conference over the years, you can visit [ where you can find a variety of information and links to YouTube channels.
@_date: 2019-06-13 15:50:21
Scaling Bitcoin doesn't have grants. The event, in general, is driven by volunteers from all over the world, has very limited funding and is made possible due to the generosity of sponsors.  We only have a subsidy program as we strive to bring developers and researchers to be a part of the community as well as ensure that we address diversity.  
There is no specific treatment or preference of LN proposals - all scalability or other work presented in at the conference is treated equally and since 2018 we are running a blind call for proposals where the technical program committee does not know names or affiliations of authors until the voting for program selection is completed.  That said, the majority of research and development work these days is focused on LN and various advancements in related areas.
I am just doing general feedback on this topic and have not notified anyone related to the conference with regards to this discussion, but my personal approach would be to ask the planning committee, or perhaps the program committee to accept submission of applications, have these applications be presented as a part of CFP or WIP sessions and then perhaps split funds into multiple awards granting them to perhaps 3 participating developers/researchers/groups.  That's just my personal opinion as to how to distribute these funds in the fairest manner. Subsidies are also extremely important.  Over the years we have sponsored a number of Core and LN developers as well as newcomers who are now working on projects that will result in direct benefits to algorithms used in Bitcoin.
In other words, I suggest that the people listed in the upcoming event Planning and Program committees be put in charge of this -  [
@_date: 2019-06-13 15:04:45
Just to clarify - I am not suggesting that funds are donated to Scaling Bitcoin conference per-say but rather given to the planning committee to dissipate to the community and projects.  I would recommend that a small part of that goes to subsidy applicants and the rest is awarded to multiple projects.  can apply as well as others.  Also you can join us for the upcoming Dev++ and do a talk on lightning as well as introduce your work, just like [u/RubenSomsen]( and  [did last year in Tokyo. This would IMHO make a better platform for fair dispersal of these funds that is most beneficial to the community.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:55:09
Actually, Litecoin takes more of a "debian" approach.  In software releases it trails ~1 versions behind Bitcoin.  If any bug is discovered, Litecoin network is less likely to be affected and will have time to react (example is the Bitcoin fork of March '14).  If a security vulnerability is discovered, the security patch is back-ported directly into current release and current software is re-released (example recent OpenSSL issues).
@_date: 2013-04-13 00:21:59
Funny how this comes from someone who has gained a reputation of a Litecoin hater and who is laughed at by the entire community behind his back. c'mon luke, read your own forum posts! You are making a fool of yourself sounding like a religious anti-litecoin fanatic! 
@_date: 2013-04-25 06:05:44
I think Litecoin is more fair simply from the standpoint that it's launch has been pre-announced few days in advance and that with all current attention it still has ~2.5 years before halfing. This (to me) means that more people have a chance to get the ownership of it and to mine it.  This sort of thing, on the other hand, makes me feel displeased: 
I hold both, however, to me personally, Litecoin is gold and everything else is, well, whatever...