@_author: asscalzone
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:49:46
As an advocate of bitcoin...
Your are absolutely 100% correct. There is no need to use Bitcoin instead of the money you are already familiar with. This is my overwhelming beef with the digital currency industry thus far. However it will take time, and more importantly a shift in mindset.
Consumer adoption wont *just* happen with time. Everyone say shit like "when consumers catch up to it..." as if its just matter of time before everyone sees what we see in it. Fact of the matter is, my mom could give 2 shits about it's "potential" or the stock market aspect of currency.... Nor does she have the will to download a wallet application...nor does she understand why shes using a 30-digit code to receive money she cant even use at her favorite online stores, let alone our convince store down the road.
We assume its about education, but really its not. Early adopters of BTC are some of the smartest people on the planet, but that's the gift and the curse, you see? The smart people who have created this are holding it back from the vast majority of people who need OBVIOUS reasons to use, and the SIMPLEST ways to do so.
IMO...to many mining pools and exchanges being created and not enough innovation. The industry needs people that can step out of the box and dumb down the concept. When your mom thinks she should try using digital currency...that's when you know it has arrived for good.
@_date: 2014-10-28 23:59:00
Yeah, I do help people try to build. trust.
But you need to understand something. 
People dont care unless there is something in it for them. 
Do they trust the government? No. No one does. But does it bother them enough to buy Bitcoin they cant use at the convenience store down the road? No.
People care about decentralization, but not enough to do anything g about it. YOU care a great deal about decentralization so you assume others do as well. Unless a person has had assests unwarrently seizes but the govt.(a-la roger ver), they probably don't care enough to take a stand from systems already in place.
Again, if the average citizen is going to get involved, it is going to take OBVIOUS and PRACTICAL reasons to use over fiat. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 00:17:31
Oh one more thing explain to me this...
I know people, friends of mine, are **SO** far from using Bitcoin or even caring for that matter. I've explained it, they understand the concept and agree that it's useful...but have no interest after initially hearing about it.
These are very smart people, graduated from great US universities, have great jobs, but they just don't care. Young People that represent Americas immediate future....
So if it was as easy as "doing nothing..." Why does it receive this initial reaction?
I don't understand it, I thought they'd be just as pumped as I am about it. But the fact of the matter is it does nothing for them. They like cash and checks and they have good credit. Why would they stop now?
All I'm saying is, your theory sounds great. But getting a nut off to the idea of this being the new world currency and pretending like it just a matter of time and all that needs to happen is that we support whoever builds it stupid and getting us nowhere.
I support innovators, people creating startups that outline clear benefits of the use of BItcoin vs USD. developers are great and indoubtatlty have a huge impact on the future, but this shits already going over people heads man we need people that know how to reach the people.  
@_date: 2014-10-20 18:29:42
Yes, you and I know this... but what does it have to do with the way average people view currency? For them it is just a means to an end. The current value of the USD isn't necessarily water-cooler talk at your average workplace.
@_date: 2014-10-26 22:26:15
This is delusional. Why doesn't your mom use bitcoin then?
"We don't have to do anything..."
Absolutely wrong, for most money is a means to an end. They don't care about decentralization, about potential or the stock aspect. They don't even care about privacy.
Honestly, I know you think it's great, and me too, but no one cares. This mindset will hold the technology back. If we all sit back and "watch the show" we'll be the only ones watching 