@_author: asteriskxx
@_date: 2015-05-11 19:14:39
Regardless of Bitcoin being an O(n2) scaling system, if Bitcoin is money, then Bitcoin's current guaranteed fungibility means your money can be stolen by any middleman *with inpunity*.
If Bitcoin scales perfectly well, and becomes widely adopted, custodial businesses of Bitcoin just won't work - because the fixed amount of money being held in reserve is literally irreplaceable regardless of what some agency says. Since humans are greedy, this is completely unworkable.
It doesn't matter how regulated the middleman is, if your money is ultimately gone - then in Bitcoin that is *final*. As such, in absence of **fully trustless** enterprise software solutions, consumers face this insurmountable problem with centralized services. That is, no centralized service, such as Coinbase or Circle, can be allowed to get big without costing the Bitcoin network everything in terms of its notability. Either at its core Bitcoin is a trustless cash substitute, or it fails to accomplish what Satoshi set out to do in Bitcoin's whitepaper:


This is why many say not increasing the block size is tantamount to the highest level of stupidity. Off chain solutions are categorically unworkable at scale, since the large amounts of money which would require to be put at risk in the hands of an intermediary completely defeats the purpose of having Bitcoin at all.
Even *having* an immovable store of value outside of the hands of middlemen is an amazingly remarkable achievement. But if to ever use your *own money*, you have to entrust it back to a regulated intermediary, then Bitcoin stands no chance since large intermediaries will be heavily weighed down by indignant regulatory regimes. Pointing to the possibilities of Tor hidden services to act as centralized but unregulated alternatives, means nothing if those hidden services aren't popularly adopted and billions of people besides your tiny group of technophiles has the gall to benefit from. If everyone else is stuck using Coinbase to make day to day payments, what have you really done by advocating for Bitcoin adoption *but pushing people back to banks*? Doesn't this defeat the purpose and whole point of Bitcoin?
If Bitcoin is an O(n2) system, that's too bad - it's going to become centralized unless the decentralists make some substantial, altruistic capital investments and if they aren't willing to spend their own money to accomplish it then the world will just move on.
Opponents to a block size increase, the time is NOW to launch your minimum viable product. Unless you can *prove* your favored alternative to work without middlemen and without whitepapers or backbreaking contortionate exercises that the public at large will never adopt, your favored alternatives are simply out of time. 20MB doesn't doom Bitcoin at all, it's a temporary fix, and we deserve it because of how poorly we've expended shared capital (BTC) as an industry. Could Bitcoin fail because of a block size increase, perhaps, but if it does then it was because we could take no other action.
Engineers, why aren't you spending your own money and time *launching* tested solutions to *real* problems? The world is not decided by talk on Reddit.