@_author: astomi
@_date: 2017-11-18 06:30:00




His story checks out.
@_date: 2017-05-27 18:18:24


And I'm all for complaining about that, but don't cry when they actually do something right! If we defunded the war on drugs and the illegal military actions overseas and put that money toward something that actually helps people, like roads and libraries and healthcare, that would be fine and dandy. 


That's absolute bullshit. I assume you mean rich/poor when you say productive/unproductive. Sure, if we kept society as a global capitalist affair, then when the rich leave with all their money the poor will be left scrounging for scraps as they did when Russia turned soviet. Calling them unproductive is disingenuous. A company board member or investor can't be assumed to work more than a ditch digger just because he has more money. Productivity in our society does not mean more money.


And I'm not advocating our current system.
@_date: 2017-05-27 17:39:48
This is the basis of how a society works. We all chip in together to make things work. In our society, money is what keeps the gears moving. Taxes pay for our schools, roads, bridges, and other large infrastructure projects. When you are arrested you are given a state-funded attorney. Nobody will argue that the attorney is your slave. Yes, it is a redistribution of wealth because that's what our society needs to survive.
If you don't want to participate, then fuck off to the middle of the desert hundreds of miles from our society where you can avoid being a tax slave. Wait 40 years and come back to society where you'll walk into a hospital needing cancer treatment, and you can pay 100,000 dollars out of pocket to get it or you can fuck off back to the middle of the desert and die in a hole.
ALTERNATIVELY: everyone can come together as a society. We can all spare a couple dollars here and there so that the people who are dying in a hole that *didn't* choose to can have healthcare, and then when you and I are older and need healthcare, as we all inevitably will, we will have it because our society works together *as it should* instead of against one another. We are not living in an age where we have to compete for resources, but rather an age where people, yourself included, would rather compete for resources than allow everyone to prosper.
@_date: 2017-05-27 16:38:42
Explain to me who is being enslaved by a single-payer healthcare system. The doctors who are "forced" to treat more people who previously would not have been able to afford the services? Or the tax payers are enslaved when they're forced to pay a new tax to ensure that they (and everyone else) gets cheaper healthcare (assuming that person had insurance prior) or just gets healthcare (assuming they previously did not have insurance)? It seems more than melodramatic to call it "slavery" when you're getting healthcare out of it.
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:17:54
The top .01% people who own half the wealth dont pay any taxes. I don't know the specifics, but 50% of wealth not being taxed sounds like quite a bit.