@_author: astroturfcoin
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:18:18
In BTC only Satoshi is a millionaire. Possibly.
@_date: 2017-08-05 11:19:11
One of the logos is tilted a little too much to the left...
@_date: 2017-08-06 18:37:40
Smart? Perhaps intelligent, at most. Certainly not wise or virtuous. I hope you learn the difference. It is profoundly unwise and immoral to deceive, mislead, confuse and lie.
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:29:23


This is untrue. You said [this]( at a time when it was still risky to run it and you know it.


In fact, encouraging people to "run BIP148 economic nodes" only incentivized miners to stop SegWit activation and let the fools fork off in order to collect their bitcoins when they send BIP148 coins to SegWit addresses. Thankfully, BIP148 victims were not so many/wealthy and/or miners were not so greedy and would rather save the victims and activate SegWit sooner.
You are in this scam as much as the others. You are insulting our intelligence, thinking that we could fall for this.
@_date: 2017-08-06 16:16:24


Oh, I have idea about a couple of reasons why. Suffice it to say that it is all dishonesty.


Actually, approximately much more than half of them are people with scamcoin background, specifically BIP148 which YOU TOO SUPPORTED.
@_date: 2017-08-09 20:41:47
If you were really concerned about users protecting themselves from not following the BIP91 chain why didn't you recommended BIP91 software instead of BIP148 software? Seems quite contrary to simple logic. And you know very well that BIP148 is not strictly compatible with BIP91, especially when you wrote this on July 21 which was before the flag date. Why encourage this third kind of software, incompatible with the other two (Core and BIP91)? If it was really protective, wouldn't BIP91 be even more protective? Why your bias towards BIP148?
You knew full well that soft forks and their activation mechanisms enforced by just the miners are mere policy which can be reversed at any time.
[You knew about the assumption]( that the NYA signatories actually followed through and did not break the agreement during signalling and locking in:


You were rightfully critical of the agreement, but then you seemed so happy to bet the users' safety on the agreement being kept and this assumption holding true. You seemingly don't trust them (the miners) and you didn't make an agreement with them, yet you gave a recommendation to users to do things which could only be safe if those untrusted parties abided, among other conditions. Even if events turned out favorably, giving a potentially (outside of your control) ruinous recommendation is highly immoral. Besides, why give to third parties (miners) the power to bring a huge liability for you (towards the victims of BIP148)?


You also knew full well about the reorganization risk, which although normally a small probability/small effect kind of risk, can become a large risk, especially when made *both* more probable through incentives *and* more disastrous in effects, due to the technicalities of the soft fork in question (allowing miners to replay and collect bitcoins when victims would have sent UASF coins to SegWit addresses).
Finally I'll add one final [quote from you]( about an observation which I fully share:


@_date: 2017-08-06 15:33:55
Exactly the same astroturfers shilling for "bits" as those who shilled for BIP148. Anyone else noticed this? How curious.
Surreptitiously substituting the base unit here, changing names here and there, attempting to force a chainsplit every once in a while, pump this altcoin, dump that altcoin, etc. Don't fall for this.
@_date: 2017-07-21 07:02:26
You love spamming, don't you.
@_date: 2017-07-29 14:37:35


No. There's always the status quo. If it ain't broke don't fix it.


This is a Bitcoin forum. I'm not interested in your altcoin. I don't appreciate you trying to sell it to me, even if your advertisement was fair. But it was not even fair or honest. Looking at the first link there's evidence of you advertising a phishing website. Your altcoin is fraudulently presented as "BitcoinCore". There's no excuse for this behavior.


I don't care about this altcoin either. However, they are not nearly as disruptive or dishonest as you. They are not trying to attack anyone. They leave no reorganization risks. They do a clean hard fork. They have replay protection. They go out of their way to disable getting the SegWit coins (which they fairly could). They don't call the client "BitcoinCore" (although I don't appreciate having "Bitcoin" in their name at all). They don't pretend like there can be no chain split. They don't try to usurp the BTC ticker. They don't pretend to be a consensus rules authority. They don't pretend that miners don't matter. Yet, I don't like them using "Bitcoin" in their name and I don't like seeing their advertisements and "bad publicity" ("there's no such thing as *bad* publicity"). I don't want any of these altcoins.
@_date: 2017-07-18 01:42:13
@_date: 2017-07-30 08:21:24






Yes, I do. I'm saying there *is* consensus - the present consensus rules.


This is what's wrong. There isn't consensus only about *future alterations, if any,* to the consensus rules.


They can. What they can't do is threaten and attempt to kill the other parent and then commit suicide, leaving the children with nothing. You are ignoring the interests of the other victims that you create, the children, or in this case users. You're doubling and tripling down on immorality.




You advertised it at the time when there was the clear possibility, even high probability, if nothing else changed, that it would be an altcoin. The timing is crucial in determining your guilt. To be exact, I should have said "I was never interested in your potential altcoin".


You show clear ignorance of basic fraud terminology, such as the word "shill". I'm not even trying to help sell anything or attract anyone to anything (except perhaps bitcoin itself which most people here presumably already have), so I'm clearly not a shill. On the other hand, this ignorance of yours hints that you may be only an unwitting victim of the scam and not an accomplice who would likely have a clue about frauds and their terminology.


This is not true, but it is also irrelevant. The BIP148 software is simply not the same thing as the BitcoinCore software found on this page,  (it is not even software compatible with it on the consensus layer). This is a case of untrue representation, a fraud. You should have known better.


True, and what does this make you when you've somehow managed to outdo them?
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:29:59
Seriously, f**k off with this already. Now it's more irrelevant than a joke.
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:17:48
Seriously, fuck off with this bs already. We don't care.
@_date: 2017-07-29 13:53:31
What happened after belcher_ posted it is that all the miners decided to mine according to BIP91/SegWit2x rules (not UASF rules), so there wouldn't even be a significant risk of multiple compatible chains (so, excluding HFs). So no, it doesn't look like there is going to be a chain that's vulnerable *now*.
Edit: But in general, the UASF threat of reorg is moot considering it only applies if UASF has significant hashrate. Plus, the defence is easy, only miners need to use the existing *invalidateblock* option. Since miners don't want to be reorged, they'd use it (if at all threatened). No harm done. On the other hand, the users of SegWit on the UASF side would lose their coins on the non-UASF Bitcoin chain. The defence is harder and every user is on their own, having to prevent preplay attacks for themselves. At the same time, non-UASF Bitcoin miners would get those bitcoins for themselves, further incentivizing mining. The UASF side would lose miners due to this incentive.
@_date: 2017-07-29 14:10:22
You want me to think of UASF in general? Sure, I edited and added this. Read it. The UASF chain is much more badly vulnerable, whereas from the point of view of the non-UASF side, the UASF is like a potential 51% attack, a known and old attack for which there are known possible responses.