@_author: astraladventures
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:40:27
Heard this rumour repeated by Joe Rogan.... Seemed like nonsense, and it is....
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:41:15
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:03:30
We are talking Mainland China, not HK.   But, I can talk HK too if you want....
@_date: 2019-10-11 08:42:05
Too bad the rest of the word doesn't have a digital payment system as easy and inexpensive as wechat in China that pays in seconds. Never have to carry cash or cards anymore, only your cell phone. Lots of places now won't accept cards anymore, only wechat (or cash, but no one uses that anymore).
Wechat transactions for purchases are basically free. Certain transactions have a charge but it's basically like a small fraction of 1 percent. Retail  / services are free. 
Can split a bill anyway you want by each persons paying their share digitally.  
Don't even need a waiter anymore. Many restaurants will have a QR code to scan on the table, which then brings up the menu. Choices can be made and payment by wechat. Once the payment is made, the order is sent to the chef with the table number and food comes accordingly. 
Can pay friends across the table or across the planet,  instantly.  
Your wechat account can be linked to your bank account, so can transfer money between the two instantly.  
Pay for hotels, coffees, supermarket, taxis, subway, shared bikes, panhandlers, airplane tickets. 
And is very secure as I understand and not prone to hacking or theft. 
Not to mention all the other fantastic features of wechat. 
I lived in Shanghai for many years and now that I am back in Vancouver, miss it sooo much. Nearest service they have is Apple Pay, which as I understand is just another layer on top of the credit card, so pay 3 % PLUS Apple's commission.
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:15:57
Subjective bias reporting built up over generations caused because your government needs to have a dangerous enemy, so as to better control their people. Happens on both sides. Do you really believe that the average Chinese views the society in the US as it truly is? Of course not, they American society as a dangerous place, with people running around with guns, shooting and robbing each other, they see corruption in your government and cant quite fathom for example, how or why you would voluntarily vote in a president such as Trump. So they surmise the system is corrupt. They see a huge budget in the military with your armed forces  with a massive overseas reach with 100s of bases and thousands of soldiers, invading countries, regime changes, they see poverty on the streets with a huge problem with homeless people, and beggers, they see mass shootings at movie theaters and schools, children mowed down and on and on, they see discrimination, resulting in unfair treatment of people or violence. 
The average Chinese persons view of the US and democracy is not very favorable at all. And the vast majority of the Chinese people are firmly behind their govt, this is a fact. They are patriot and believe their leaders are really doing what is best for them. They have lifted 700 million people out of abject poverty and created an economic miracle.  It is really beyond me how to understand how a foreigner could simply right off China as "literally a dictatorship". 
But  you understand? Subjective bias goes both ways.
@_date: 2019-10-11 09:38:30
True dat.
@_date: 2019-10-11 09:09:36
Well, like a lot of "information" we get out of China, this whole wave of media coverage about of a "karma" system of social credit score is mainly pure fabrication. I read about it, researched it,  asked everyone I knew in China about it and no one even had heard of it. Best I can surmise if was, as China often does, a pilot project brought out in a couple of several cities across the country.  The plan would be to do a greater roll out if the pilot was met with success. I would hazard to guess, the whole thing is likely being scraped.  But like normal, most media coverage about China is distorted and bias in the West.
But sorry, I am in a bitcoin thread, and I should point out I love the idea of bitcoin, get the bloodsucking banks out of the transactions and decentralize the movement of currency so no one can step in and take control.  When I first saw 18 years old Vitalik Buterin running that Bitcoin magazine, I was convinced I was looking at a advanced intelligence being sent to us to help us organize our future. For sure, Wechat shares the problem that is it controlled by a corporation, which in turn would have to take orders from Beijing if they wanted. They do this already in monitoring Wechat messaging. But, provided one is  not doing something illegal, the financial transactions have been left alone.
Still, Bitcoin has a long road ahead. Frankly it is not going to achieve mass use in its current form or for quite some time, perhaps generations. Wechat is something that works today and until now at least, with no fees (not saying Tencent won't bring in more fees down the road) and has cut the bloodsuckers out.  If nothing else, China today grants a glimpse of what a future world would like if it had universal use of a digital currency such as Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-11 09:41:47
Again, massive media bias with a good helping of lies from a Western media afraid of a up and comer who threatens their dominance.
@_date: 2019-10-11 09:23:05
Exactly. China today is a glimpse of what a future world would look like if there was universal use of a blockchain coin.
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:00:17
What for being Christians? Bullshit. I knew tons of Christians in China, lots of churches, both official and unofficial.  I even did some work for US megachurch back in about 2002 regarding them trying to start a branch in China (short answer was, no new churches, have to be grandfathered).
Now if they were Christians but also committed murder, then they would be arrested. Western media has an extreme negative bias when it comes to China and will make entire articles based on faulty premises that they just assume are true. Free your mind.
@_date: 2019-12-22 04:46:45
Well, the 4 dollars is for an electronic transaction that costs the banks a fraction of that.  And 4 dollars on a 1000 dollar withdrawal may not seem like a lot, but what about 4 dollar charge on a 50 dollar withdrawal?
And hell ya I agree, 7% on a BTC ATM also seems pretty crazy!
@_date: 2019-12-22 02:34:51
In China, your own bank is of course free and ATM withdrawals through other domestic banks pay like  0.25 USD. 
North American bank charges are a huge gouging industry.