@_author: astrumpreliator
@_date: 2013-09-11 21:18:26
Okay, I just had my order flagged as high risk and cancelled today. I'm currently composing an e-mail to them so I'll see how good their tech support is, but here is how I feel about Coinbase at the moment.
I don't have a problem with their algorithms flagging a purchase as high risk. They should have systems in place to protect themselves from financial loss. Further as a new user who is only level 1 verified they will do an EFT from your account at the time of purchase, but you will wait about a week before you get the bitcoins you ordered. I don't really have a problem with that either.
Now what I do have a problem with is the fact that their algorithm to determine risky transactions runs extremely late in the process. In my case I ordered on Sept. 5th and there was an EFT from my account on the 6th. I was supposed to get my order today by 3:00AM PDT, instead I received an e-mail at 2:52AM PDT stating my order had been cancelled due to their system flagging it as high risk. Why wasn't this algorithm run at the time of purchase before an EFT was made, or even when the EFT was made but was still cancelable?
~~Furthermore the e-mail sent describing the situation is tantamount to an IOU. It states that you will receive a refund within 3-4 days, but if you log in to your Coinbase account at this point you will notice that your transaction history is empty. The pending order that was there isn't marked as cancelled, it's just 100% gone as if you never made a transaction to begin with.~~
So essentially money was pulled out of my account, sat on for a week by Coinbase, then my order was cancelled by Coincbase with a promise to refund me ~~via e-mail only~~.
Now you can say that I'm "freaking out" over the situation, but I'd contend that these are legitimate problems with Coinbase that need to be rectified. These issues make me quite uneasy using Coinbase and I believe I'm justified in that feeling for reasons stated above. If Coinbase ever fixes these issues I may consider using them again. Until then I will avoid them and advise other people to do the same.
Edit: I was wrong about cancelled orders not showing up in your transaction history. Somehow I missed it. That makes me feel a bit better about Coinbase. Thanks to for the correction below.
Edit 2: I received a reply to my e-mail an hour or two after I sent it. They pushed through the original purchase at the original price I bought it for. So the customer service was actually quite good, at least it was for me. I'm changing my stance from advising people not to use Coinbase to cautiously using them if you want.