@_author: astridfly2
@_date: 2014-01-23 23:22:16
I don't think the good old days of glorious heists will ever return. 
Whether we have a currency future dominated by banks and fiat in the conventional sense, or whether we move to a future where BTC or any other cryptocurrency (or, possibly, an ecosystem of many cryptocurrencies) dominates, currency will remain electronic and I think the principal issue will be one of identity security.  
Conventional banks are already to all intents and purposes IT firms these days, albeit IT firms with a financial license.  If Bitcoin or anything similar truly gains mass acceptance, I am sure it will attract along its journey of development plenty of firms willing to offer financial services including security and safe storage. Indeed, we have seen this in a nascent way already and further innovation will inevitably spring up.  
The quality of these services will come at a price, so I suspect we will see several tiers of wealth security, several tiers of risk.  Privacy, and control of identity security, will become valuable.
Having said that, there is nothing at the moment to stop an armed gang (with a laptop) bursting into the offices of MtGox, or similar, and leaving with a great deal of wealth.  This would make a great movie script!  
But in the longer term the market will respond to vulnerabilities.     
@_date: 2014-01-16 01:19:46
Sorry to be pedantic, but you received the TV not five minutes ago and then had a 30 min conversation with the rep? 
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:41:44
Fascinating, but I wouldn't quite agree.  
I'm sure that a lot of legitimate arbitrage goes on.  The price-movers aren't necessarily the people running Huboi.  Unless direct collusion is going on between exchanges globally, which I strongly doubt, then any attempt to prop up the market is going to fail expensively.    
I personally doubt that the Chinese market will die at the end of the month, but it does raise an interesting question.  As we reach the Jan 31st "deadline", will the mere expectation of some sort of Chinese exit fuel exactly the kind of price volatility that an actual Chinese exit would cause?  Would this anxiety-driven volatility then trigger an even stronger official regulatory clampdown in China?
Let's see, we won't have long to wait...
