@_author: atelopus_zeteki
@_date: 2014-08-01 19:14:30
bitcoind-ncurses has been updated a few times since my last post.
GitHub link: 
For those that don't know of it; bitcoind-ncurses interfaces with bitcoind via JSON-RPC.
The original design goal was to allow you to monitor your node without using unwieldy CLI commands.
Bandwidth stats, connected peers, latest block, stats about block, a block explorer, and various other bits are included.
Recent updates include:
* A real-time bandwidth chart showing current upload/download speeds
* Huge speed improvements to most modes; transactions can be traced all the way back to coinbase in seconds now
* A footer to switch between modes more easily and show the current mode
* Testnet units now display as 'TNC' to allow them to be distinguished more easily
* Coinbase scriptSig now shows strings in addition to hex so that you can view 'miner's messages'
* A rudimentary RPC console has been added; this reduces the need to drop back to bitcoin-cli for debugging
* Transaction view has been improved significantly; it now shows confirmations, total outputs, (verbose mode only: fee, outputs spent/unspent/unconfirmed spent)
* The monitor view flashes on incoming blocks
* Most views now resize to fit the terminal (minimum size 75x12)
And probably more that I've forgotten besides!
Atelopus Zeteki (azeteki)
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:37:39
As with most open source software, this was written to 'scratch my own itch', so to speak.
It has a number of functions (very fast block browsing and tx lookup, on-the-fly hashrate calculation, mempool transaction count) and so on which aren't available in bitcoin-qt. The screenshot linked is a demonstration.
All of the information can of course be gleaned from RPC commands, but not in an easy to read format that can continuously update. Personally I like to watch the network in real time and to trace through transactions (much much faster than even a local HTML blockexplorer could, albeit with reduced information). bitcoind-ncurses itself uses the JSON-RPC API for all functions at present. It doesn't attempt to access bitcoin.conf or get stats from the bitcoind process id, for example.
On the trust part; I would very much hope that users audit all bitcoin-related code before running it on their machines, especially a program such as this with close access to bitcoind.
The only wallet-related function currently implemented is 'getbalance' to allow its' display. It can be commented out (currently in rpc.py, comment out the two getbalance lines) to disable it without issue. In addition it should function perfectly well when attached to a bitcoind instance with -disablewallet switched on.
I wouldn't expect anyone but nerdy power users to really be interested at all, much less actually audit and run the thing. :)
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:59:36
Thanks, anonymous redditor!
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:25:39
I would guess that the fee stepping is due to people only using the minimum fee that takes any effect.
There currently exists a discontinuity at the node level; a 1 satoshi fee is considered as a zero fee for relaying purposes.
Each pixel represents the information from a single block, so there are likely to be lots of outliers. The grouping of those outliers is certainly interesting!
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:17:59
Hello all,
I've recently begun development on an ncurses front-end for bitcoind. I wanted a way of easily checking the status of my node and this seemed like a reasonable way to go about it.
Right now the software is fairly basic, showing a few stats and having an extremely rudimentary transaction and block viewer. I hope that with time I will be able to work on it and produce a solid interface that node operators can make use of.
Screenshot is linked and there are more on the github page. If you do decide to give it a try (after carefully auditing the code, of course) I would greatly appreciate any suggestions or feedback:
@_date: 2014-06-26 15:50:51
On Linux it is relatively trivial to set up a full node behind a hidden service on Tor.
After setting up Tor and creating the hidden service, add the following to bitcoin.conf:
* externalip=aaaaaaaa.onion [where aaa= your hostname]
* onion=127.0.0.1:9050
* listen=1
I am currently running an onion node with 60 peers.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:38:04
I've not tested it against a node with -disablewallet as I personally just keep a zero balance on my full node.
My guess is that it would function as normal without displaying a balance (as getwalletinfo probably wouldn't return)
@_date: 2014-06-27 10:12:18
watch is a fantastic command.
My current machine is hilariously old and as such suffers from overheating problems and the like.
I use 'watch -t -n 5 acpi -t' to check it's not about to suffer internal combustion. =)
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:14:33
A while back I posted about a terminal front-end for bitcoind.
Original post: 
As the original post was received very positively, I thought I'd update on the current progress.
* Lots of speed improvements and eliminating needless queries.
* Better error handling if commands fail or connection fails.
* Various bug fixes.
* The block viewer now supports browsing through older blocks and arbitrary block height or hash.
* The genesis transaction would fail as bitcoind does not index it.
* Formatting changes to monitor mode (age of transactions).
* Difficulty, nethash and mempool transactions added to monitor mode.
* A peer viewer has been added - currently listed is sync node status, incoming/outgoing status, node IP (if available), received and sent data.
As before, if you decide to use this and find it useful, please let me know of any issues or suggestions. Thanks!
GitHub link: 
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:35:16
In reply to this and dsnrk's comment above; yes, always audit any bitcoin-related source code. I suppose that a quick glance at the top stories should tell me that people don't always do this. 
On bitcoind-ncurses: It's written in Python and is fairly minimalist right now; I believe even a non-programmer could have a decent go at checking it over. Most of the RPC requests are isolated in one function.
Wallet functionality is absent. RPC 'getwalletinfo' is the closest it gets, and you can check for yourself that the only interesting data returned by that is your balance (visible in screenshots). The transaction view is not for your wallet; rather it is for querying arbitrary transactions (if -txindex is enabled).
I may add those features in the future, but only if there is a demand, as it would require a fair amount of legwork by me to get e.g. transaction notifications working and debugged (I'd probably have to automate sending myself transactions on regtest or else spam testnet with nonsense).
@_date: 2014-07-09 18:08:06
You can run a hidden service behind a firewall.
That's one of the reasons Tor exists.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:48:57
Thanks for the praise!
As stated, right now it's fairly slapdash (thrown together without stuff like bounds checking), but I wanted to see if anyone else had a use for such a program before putting too much effort into making it 'nice'.
Hopefully it at least works for people who aren't me! :P
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:35:25
New version up; added a proof-of-concept for browsing the newest block / transaction tree (-txindex required).
You can trace back from a transaction through inputs to the coinbase.
