@_author: athator
@_date: 2017-12-14 11:31:16
Without being familiar with either, it always boils down to one question:
"Who owns the keys?"
If you're the only one with access to the private keys for a Bitcoin UTXO / address: it's your money.
If anyone else is holding the keys or has access to them: not your money. Then you are trusting someone else's promise that they won't spend those outputs. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:07:15
I know what you mean. But a good version of the above statement is some of what Andreas Antonopolous talks about where you distinguish between 'secrecy vs privacy' and 'surveillance vs sousveillance' and what an open blockchain can then offer. 
Secrecy is the privilege of the powerful to have their actions invisible from the masses. Privacy is the right of the individual to have their actions not be constantly monitored.
Surveillance is the powerful monitoring the weak. Sousveillance is the weak monitoring the powerful.
Our current financial system is built around 'secrecy' and 'surveillance'. 
An open blockchain allows the masses to demand transparency from those in power, so we deny them secrecy and can monitor those organisations for wrongdoings - especially if they are custodians for our money eg government. So the above example uses large corporations and we could imagine a future where they are mandated to declare public addresses so the country can monitor them for tax evasion or unethical behaviours. 
I think confidential transactions and privacy on the blockchain are *paramount* problems we need to fix, but there is also some good to be had in the option for transparent transactions. (Though I will concede that these still might not be enough to thwart a motivated corporation or entity in cheating us) 
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:51:15
I think one should be wary with giving corporations constitutional rights (the example I immediately think of are the laws treating companies as people who allow them religious beliefs and criminal culpability - but without the ability to get imprisoned, essentially allowing executives a legal free pass) but I do agree that privacy is the baseline.
So in a fully private society with cryptographic security, a libertarian and free market view would be for example two competing charities.
One wishes for all its transactions to be private. The other offers a fully transparent ledger. Now they are both competing for donors and it is up to the individual donor whether they *trust* the first charity so much that they are willing to forgo independent verification.
The tricky part is when choice is removed from the individual. For example in the case of government or private corporations that have an oligopoly style arrangement, eg Equifax and credit scores.
Then that free choice is taken from us and accountability must be the pay off. And since we'd like to remove needing to *trust*, transparency then allows independent verification. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 10:23:29
My impression regarding avoiding re-use of addresses is that it is a privacy issue.
If you re-use the same address, and every transaction is recorded on the open blockchain, it doesn't take much detective work to learn *a lot* about you.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:04:54
I can see how my phrasing can be interpreted that way! Especially as 'power' and 'money' are so interchangeable in society.
I definitely don't think that as soon as a person is wealthy, they forgo their right to have a private personal life. I don't even like how celebrities are treated today and they *depend* on their private life being public to keep their exposure high enough so they can retain their earnings.
I had in mind organisations (or individuals' *professional* work) whose actions impact those they have power over, but can through their power *exclude* those who are weak from having any knowledge of those said actions. 
The classic examples would be government or business consortiums with secret trade agreements.
When it comes to corporations the line gets fuzzy, but banks are clearly in a position fulfilling those criteria.
They are fully in control of our monetary system, which affects *everyone*, they are allowed to do all of this behind closed doors, they believe they must monitor everyone's transactions except their own, and on top of it, the bailouts proved they no longer are just private actors - they are dependent on taxpayers and government now to continue with their secret decisions. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 10:11:38
There have been discussions in the bitcoin-dev mailing list about blocksize increases for sure, e.g. [this post on dynamic block sizes]( and it is in the roadmap.
But if there is one thing you can say about the Bitcoin Core team, is that they are *careful*. They are very cautious around utilising hard forks for upgrades to the network and as I've understood, when a hard fork is necessary, they want to implement as many improvements as possible into one upgrade, e.g. Schnorr signatures, MAST, etc. 
Are you familiar with the security arguments for hard fork vs soft fork for upgrades? Because my impression is, that is where the majority of the technical arguments rest when it comes to even just modest blocksize increases. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 09:56:10
Without using Segregated Witness or any other improvement that adjusts the transaction sizes, we can use this handy [Block Size Calculator](
Currently with 1 MB blocks (*without* Segwit or any other improvements) the network can handle on average 3 transactions per second. 
VISA claims to be able to handle up to [24,000 tps](
That means you need a 8000x increase in block size to accomodate. If we enter this into [Block Size Calculator,]( we find that you require these specifications to run a full node:
Minimum 450 Mbps download speed + 3.14 Tbps upload speed
Not have any data cap so you could download approx 274 TB/month
Have approx. 410 TB of disk space per year
To put this into context, I feel this [geographical map showing the average Internet speeds across the globe]( might show you how that *may* make it difficult to keep things censorship-resistant on a global level...
EDIT: Was off by a whole factor of 10 in my initial post!
@_date: 2017-12-14 10:27:01
The [Let's Talk Bitcoin Network]( is a collection of many different cryptocurrency-related podcasts (not just Bitcoin) which is a fantastic resource.
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:34:56
Bloody hell, there are some awful suggestions in here.
Considering it looks like you *really* want security and privacy nothing beats Samourai Wallet when it comes to control over those elements. 
Take a look through their security features (Stealth mode where you can make the app invisible on your phone until a code SMS is sent to the phone as well as randomised keypad screen for PIN entry if you worry about logging on the phone). 
More importantly Samourai uses the Stonewall protocol for transactions which optimises for privacy by increasing the entropy of your transaction / creation of change addresses. It may increase the size of the transaction in bytes but that be the tradeoff *if you choose it* - and it has one of the best fee estimators on the market, so that kind of offsets it. 
But if you don't need a hot wallet for rapid transactions on the move, for God's sake get a hardware wallet like Trezor for cold storage and then import the public key to a Watch-only Wallet, like Sentinel. Though you could also get a Trezor and then set it up to work via Mycelium. 
Samourai:  
Sentinel: 
Trezor: 
Mycelium: wallet.mycelium.com
@_date: 2018-06-14 17:53:52
Everyone left for Twitter where all the real MVPs and discussion is at. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 05:34:55
For a good three-part post on the economics and incentives of Bitcoin mining, I can heartily recommend taking the time to read through BitMEX Research blog posts:
It also answers the question on green energy and Bitcoin mining, coming to the conclusion that underutilised hydroelectric power plants originally built for aluminum smelting will likely be the focus for bitcoin miners. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 08:41:57
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:40:00
So to clarify: the Electrum Personal Server also serves as a wallet just like the Electrum client / wallet software or is it a lightweight version of Electrum Server / ElectrumX?
Had I misunderstood earlier, when I assumed that to run a full node with a hardware wallet previously you would:
1) run a Bitcoin Core full node -disable wallet / bitcoind 
2) run an [Electrum Server]( which would refer to the Bitcoin Core node for block synchronisation and validation 
3) then have an [Electrum client]( where you could create a wallet with the private keys generated by your hardware device, and then would direct your client to connect to the Electrum server you are running.
I'm hoping that I might be able to have a wallet client that can directly refer to my own full node (for example like Samourai android wallet) but I can generate keys and sign transactions with my hardware wallet, so I don't need to install a whole intermediary server to accomplish this - which as far as I am aware of, is not possible yet. Though do correct me if I am wrong! 
@_date: 2017-09-10 14:55:01
I've heard one of the reasons is if you purchase from Amazon, you risk buying not directly from the firm but a third party. There is then a chance that the third party may have tampered with the device prior to selling it on. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 08:42:13
Did he not have his computer encrypted? Because that was *a lot* of information they uncovered. And if so, was he coerced into revealing his passphrase? Because if you're likely to go to prison for *life* when your crime is revealed, there sure isn't a lot of incentive to comply with law enforcement...
And on top of that it is being [challenged as unconstitutional to have to unencrypt your data if it is to be used as evidence against you.]( 
@_date: 2017-10-07 15:06:17
Great resource for getting a perspective on fees, miner income and blocks 