@_author: athena-patrick
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:57:04
PSA: We're seeing an increase in utility scammers updating their frauds to make use of Bitcoin and Bitcoin ATMs. A local Hawaii news station [recently covered]( this evolution towards cryptocurrency, but all other materials I could find on the utility scam still refer to prepaid cards and other traditional forms as the associated payment method.
Therefore I wanted to warn both our customers and the broader crypto community to be vigilant against this and the other [common ATM scams]( targeting people who know nothing about cryptocurrency. It's not enough just for *us* to be aware in this community, but to also tell the people we know who *have no interest* in Bitcoin to also be informed about these types of scams.
@_date: 2018-10-15 22:03:57
@_date: 2018-06-28 22:16:03
Love your project, and especially that fact that you're still online! (I'm pissed at CoinGrocer for folding after less than a month....)
I'd recommend that you add a way to *exclude* merchants from the search as well as include them. For example, filtering out Overstock.com in an easy way. You could add greyed out "red X" check boxes to the right of the merchant listings, for example, on the left side-bar, and if clicked it would exclude that merchant from the search.
Right now we have to check all of the other merchants to include them for the same functionality.
@_date: 2018-06-28 22:51:06
That's fine with me.
@_date: 2019-12-13 15:46:52
As an operator in the space, I second this. Not that there is much that the host location can do, but, eventually, one can get a feel for these fraud cases and may see an opportunity to intervene.
@_date: 2018-02-15 23:10:29
You might want to read about their whole "Edge Secure" app framework. It started with Airbitz for Bitcoin but became useful for decentralized logins and other applications.  or 
For crypto wallets, the advantage is that you can provide a "bank app" like experience while still remaining private and non-custodial. The purpose of encrypting the wallet seed with a user/pass is so the entire encrypted account can be stored on Airbitz/Edge servers for easy download and syncing by other devices. You can login to the same account on other devices with shared settings and access all the same internal wallets, but Airbitz/Edge never has access to your keys nor can see anything about your wallet.
It also enables unique tricks like their 2FA system where you can expressly *prohibit* logins by other devices even if your user/pass is compromised. 
Their Edge Login system is pretty nice (similar to BitID but more advanced), where you can login to websites using public keys generated in your wallet and have the same login capacity available on any other device you have connected to the same account. Live example: 
@_date: 2017-05-20 16:01:54
I am from Athena customer service and I apologize for the issues you had Wednesday. You actually saw two different problems at the same time:
* The 4dba... transaction was automatically generated with a larger size/lower fee rate than we were expecting. Normally, Athena fee rates are 2-3x the one given to this transaction. That, combined with the congestion highs this week, led to a much longer confirmation time than we aim for or is usual.
* The Lev's Hollywood machine suffers from a less reliable internet connection. Only a few of our locations have this issue. May I recommend the Citgo on Sunny Isles Blvd just to the south, which has a lower fee also? [Our full locations list with pricing.](
Our customer service team strives to be the best in the business. Our regular hours for live chat and phone support is M-F 9-5 CDT. You may also email us any time at support (at) athenabitcoin.com and we will answer as soon as possible.
My thanks for your patience on Wednesday and for being an Athena customer!
@_date: 2017-07-14 16:51:40
Some wallets (like Blockchain) will accept a private key in the normal Send screen / submit 'address to pay' process as if it was a public address. In other words, they convert the private key to a public address and place that in the 'send to' field. Then you could type in an amount to send off to that address controlled by the original private key if you wanted to.
Other wallets are designed to recognize the user presenting a private key to mean: "Oh, you want to sweep the funds from this address into this digital wallet."
Airbitz-type wallets give you a choice upon presentation of a private key: Either sweep the funds from that key into the digital wallet or convert to public address and process as if you had scanned / pasted / typed-in that address to begin with.
I'm saying Breadwallet on Android either doesn't recognize my test private key as valid or just converts it to a public address *to pay* rather than an attempt to sweep funds controlled by that private key. (It's actually behaving inconsistently. I assume the code on iOS is better.)
@_date: 2017-07-14 12:51:55
Not just an address, but a private key to sweep into the wallet. The Android version doesn't permit this behavior even if just using a Send paste.
@_date: 2017-07-14 12:47:14
Well that's not encouraging.... (deleted post) Does Mycelium iOS truly not work, then?
@_date: 2017-07-14 13:41:03
Thanks. I just wanted to confirm this is true. In the Android version it will simply calculate the public address from the private key and import it as the payee in a new Send flow. Are you saying this is different on iOS?
@_date: 2017-07-14 13:42:25
The customer appears to only have his iPhone and no other computer available. I would have had him use the web-version of Blockchain.info to import his keys had he had a regular PC.
@_date: 2017-07-14 13:31:40
Actually, in this case the goal is to sweep the customer's funds into a new wallet from one which is non-functional, but I understand your desire to import a key as is as well.