@_author: atheia
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:29:25
Thank you for mentioning the points about technical analysis. I've known quite a few people who thought technicals are total bullshit, and it was tempting to include myself among them. But then I came to realize that technicals work because other people believe they work.
@_date: 2014-05-11 14:52:04
It's more like a fucked up elementary school system. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:24:34
Democrat or republican, I think we can all agree that politicians are fucking stupid. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:16:36
You said it, Minnesota nice guy.
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:18:15
It's amazing to think that a major factor that could possibly make or break BTC vs DOGE is simply the amount of coins being mined.
@_date: 2014-02-16 04:31:49
They care about the number of views and the publicity that their works get. They don't care about the factual accuracy of any of their reporting. One reason why I almost never respect any reporter or journalist in the world.
@_date: 2014-10-09 03:55:32
Actually, I do realize that. That's why it's called a mixed economy. There are elements of socialism in the American economy too. As stated before, it is just less pronounced. If you had properly read my comment, you would understand that I was pointing out that Europeans did have a degree of socialism in their society. The socialist parties are perfectly compatible with my position. But even in Europe, free markets are the fundamental driver behind the economy.
If it does not attempt to change the system, then it is not a country that utilizes socialism as a primary force behind economic growth. It is as simple as that. You can have both at the same time, but one is still dominant over the other. The whole reason why people still refer to developed countries' economies as free markets is because of that dominance. They already assume that the government is regulating. 
You like to jump to lots of conclusions, do you? Believing that I was arguing that the American system was superior, and now dedicating a paragraph to the drawbacks of the system? You know what else I find amazing? The degree to which people construct straw men on this website.
I never argued whether the American system was superior or not at all and it is dishonest of you to jump to such conclusions about "my" positions that you fabricated.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:55:12
So what is it, according to you? Because there's a reason that most developed countries strive towards 2-3% inflation.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:13:21
I doubt anyone there cares about the meme anymore. And honestly, if a few posts here weren't enough for you to understand, Dogecoin has done better than any other cryptocurrency in creating a community friendly to newbies and in its short existence has even donated to the Jamaican bobsled team. Has the Bitcoin community done something on that scale? There have been many posts about donations made in both subs in which the ones here have been ignored while the ones over there have been met with enthusiasm. 
But to get to the main point, Dogecoin's chart does not often correlate to Bitcoin like other coins do (or at least not nearly as much as you would expect). This is a fact that can be observed...I don't care about how stupid the (dead for some time) meme is or how it's a half-serious joke coin to some people. Dogecoin on many days has shot up upwards of 30% as Bitcoin and other coins went down 10%.
And most importantly, **community matters.** has succeeded here. That's why I believe it'll succeed in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-18 19:03:51
Technicals work because people believe it works. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 19:15:10
Another person trying to change the definition of socialism. I've said it numerous times, and I'll say it again: Socialism is the **social ownership** of the means of production, hence the name "socialism." What "social ownership" means is open to interpretation. It can mean the workers, but it can also mean the state. Not only that, but socialism also refers to the political movement aiming to establish that system. 
Not many people have advocated for completely free markets except for some anarcho-capitalists. Even our founding fathers recognized the importance of a government in regulating markets. This philosophy has retained its basic principles and today, most developed countries have mixed economies.
Furthermore, socialism is not equivalent to democracy. There is a large overlap, but again, where authoritarianism starts, democracy ends. And like every other socialist state, Venezuela has chosen the path of nationalization and price distortion. And look at where they are now. These failed states you talked about have pursued policies consistent with some branch of socialism, and unsurprisingly, they failed.
I'm not arguing against the merits of libertarian socialism, but wording it as "the only central tenet of socialism" is just dishonest as it is only a small branch of a highly broad ideology. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 04:31:26
Kind of like how gold is against the S&amp;P 500. It all starts to fit...
@_date: 2014-04-10 21:40:35
Buy high, buy higher.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:17:53
Dogecoin is a cryptocurrency that frequently does not correlate to Bitcoin or any other coin out there. 
EDIT: Downvotes for mentioning Dogecoin? Or stating a fact? Or both?
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:02:15
How would we distinguish uppercase from lowercase letters?
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:59:59
Nice. I don't hang around here a lot, so I didn't know about it. But my main point still stands.
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:42:15
I don't find anything wrong with the asthetics, but if you're trying to convince people to start using Bitcoin, shouldn't you at least have a decent understanding of what inflation is? 
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:04:20
Whoever created this sign obviously has no idea what inflation is or its purpose. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:47:17
The meme is long dead. I think everyone at knows that. The point is being able to reach out to the community. You sound like dogecoin is certainly going to die off. You don't know that. For all we know, all cryptocurrencies might die off in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:34:30
You don't look at the price changes, you look at the percent change. BRK.A can fluctuate by hundreds of dollars, yet it is considered a good stock (albeit expensive one) to own.
@_date: 2014-01-18 15:21:49
Where's the QR code?
@_date: 2014-02-16 04:34:11
Seriously. The author sounds just like Ken Ham. On a good day.
@_date: 2014-10-09 01:17:59
I'm amazed at how you believe that most modern European countries have a socialist system. 
There is a term that describes developed countries' economies pretty well. It is called a mixed economy. By definition, it uses principles of both free enterprise and centralization. Most developed countries also happen to have the lion's share of their economies based on free markets. Including Europe. It is not just an American thing. Americans simply have more liberties when it comes to stuff like this, i.e. less government regulation. 
This term "mixed economy" also happens to be commonly used by pretty much everyone. I suggest that you understand what it is and do the same. 


That was the whole point of my comment.
@_date: 2014-01-31 05:01:26
Elon Musk said that he in a few weeks could fix everything that's wrong with this company in the past few years.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:16:19
I downvoted you because you're complaining about downvotes. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 19:40:53
By the end of 2015 I believe 100 billion coins, but I don't think there's an obvious limit.
@_date: 2014-07-25 21:10:05
Bozo the Clown wasn't meant to portray someone in which observers would laugh at for entertainment. Carl Sagan's main point that some who were laughed at aren't geniuses is still correct. To give an obvious example, the Solar Roadways scammers think that tempered glass is a suitable building material for roads, yet they still believe that it'll become "the next paradigm," among other ridiculous things. 
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:41:24
People like you are why I unsubscribed from this sub. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:43:56
No, it's that the reality is that any currency, digital or not, will be used by criminals. You don't see the USD being attributed to illegal transactions in the black market anywhere.
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:44:38
It's obvious that you have had absolutely no education on this matter. Just from your language, esp. "victims," I can already tell.
Let's start from the very basics. Tribal organizations. Local groups of families join up together - but typically they need a leader or a council to make the decision-making. The leader of the tribe, the "chief," is typically a male and the strongest of the group. If it takes this example to make you understand that the point of the chief's job isn't to harass the people of his tribe, but rather to point them in the right direction, then so be it. 
A modern government is much more sophisticated because they're not governing a tribe, they're governing an entire nation. It's a much larger population, and a much more advanced society. You're going to have to have regulations in society to prevent chaos, and that's exactly what we see today. The basic point of serving through consent still holds, even though many governments today do not recognize that in practice.
Why do you think safety regulations exist, like 500 feet away from emergency trucks? You think that they're actually spying on you and don't want to let you get too close? No, they're worried about your safety and imposed the regulations to help with that. It's why fire extinguishers need periodic inspections, because the government is worried about your safety - they don't want a faulty extinguisher in public places if there's a minor fire, because then the whole building can go down. 
It's laughable how you think I'm a "victim" of so-called abuse. No, I actually haven't been abused by the US government and many others have never been either. The US may not be the model of choice for a good government due to the evolution of politics, but it certainly was the first of its kind. Otherwise, we would still be living in a society where our basic freedoms would be oppressed. You couldn't even be a Muslim or an atheist without being sent to prison back in 18th century Britain. 
Please, take a course on government. It's really obvious that you need it badly. It's okay if people are anarchists, but it is not okay if they are because of ignorance and just what other people told them. 
Your attitude is akin to a child whining about being grounded because he drew on the wall in permanent marker. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:46:26
Musical taste...what he thinks is good and bad music is of his and only his opinion.
As for spelling, well, aren't we all grammar Nazis?
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:42:30
Sigh. *Muslim* governments. These people in the region are fighting over resources in the name of what? Religion. Islam isn't a centralized organization, but they all follow one doctrine: the Quran. Many people have interpreted jihad meaning resorting to violence to spread their faith and cherry-pick lines from the Quran to defend their positions. And I say this for the fundamentalists because they are the most influential, dangerous, and violent. 
As I have said before, there are various factors that play a role in this conflict. Oil reserves are one of them. But ultimately it comes down to religion. Various factors. What does it take for you to comprehend that?
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:47:14
Isn't this true for anything high-tech?
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:29:03
I meant the things the US did after 9/11 were in response to that event.
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:23:29
But I can back up my claim. Population growth is not based on a market at all, and is almost always rising, while stocks fluctuate regularly. And while bubbles happen regularly, the explosion in population is an unprecedented event in history.
Secondly, the population boom isn't a bubble at all, and in fact, it's what we expected in a world that was mixing the agrarian ways of several kids/family with medical advances towards longevity. The social status of society was far behind the technological status. And this is our product.
I would like to see you elaborate on your claim that only a "Sith" deals in absolutes.  
@_date: 2013-11-26 01:34:31
What if you want to change the address that people tip you to?
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:25:45
Read my comment again. The deity does not have to guide the universe. Government isn't inherently bad, it's just that it's prone to abuse (it's a similar case when the media mistakenly equates the anonymity of BTC to illegal activities - anonymity isn't inherently bad, but it's attractive to criminals for a reason). I don't pray to the government, I don't worship them, and I DON'T SUPPORT THEM AT ALL. 
Once you get over the fact that a god doesn't have to guide the universe (or people), I will continue this debate. Until then, I am done debating with a closed-minded person who can't tolerate anyone that's not a nihilist.
@_date: 2013-12-31 13:48:26
Wouldn't it be safe to assume android phones are compromised as well?
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:52:37
I hope that we'll have paper bitcoin generators that generate legit "vanity QR codes" in the future. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 22:50:42
Do you know anything about investing? Allocating that amount of funds to one thing is **gambling,** whether it is Bitcoin or Boeing stock. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 03:22:31
I'm not trolling at all. If you seriously think I'm trolling, what is the point of debating you when you can't even take me seriously because you're just that narrow-minded to another person's views?
The USSR was founded on a completely different ideological principle that at its core was doomed because none of its followers actually followed it. You see, Marxism says that a country needs to be sufficiently advanced with a well-established capitalist economy in order to transition into communism. 1917 Russia was a hellhole of poverty and outdated technology. Of course that ideology isn't going to work. Furthermore, this vanguard party from Leninism only invalidates the purpose of a government that is supposed to wither away. The government of the USSR existed for that long because it was trying to make a doomed transition. No wonder it was bound to abuse that power. 
You say my arguments are weak, yet you don't say how they are weak. Your arguments are charged with emotion and you fail to take me seriously, even going so far as accusing me of "trolling." This immature behavior is what's wrong with this community. 
Why don't you go back to school and take a course on government. What was tried in 1776 has certainly worked because **every single immigrant from other nations viewed the US as a place where their dreams would come true.** It was easy to jump the social ladder in the US, not so much for countries like China. You could practice any religion without fear of being persecuted. They call it the "American dream" for a reason. It's why the US has, in just two centuries, gone from a weak nation into a global superpower. Without this government in place, no one is obliged to protect the rights of the individual that the constitution guarantees. Think about those implications. 
Since when did I say that anarchists advocate for government? As far as I know, you're the one who's trolling here. All you're doing now is just pulling out random phrases from your ass and framing it as my argument. You know, that's exactly what I expected from a person like you. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 04:08:41
But the Taliban doesn't do that. They're a militaristic, fundamentalist organization that has denied basic human rights, willingly starved the people under their rule to death, and committed many other atrocities. The point of government is to serve the people through their consent and the Taliban has done absolutely none of that. Who the fuck cares if they build schools and help rebuild. 
Perspective is everything, my friend. Ever wonder where the term "narrow-mindedness" comes from? A lack of capability to see things from another perspective. And that's exactly what you are. Narrow-minded. Snowden's revelations are highly significant, and I get that. But if it's brainwashing people into thinking that the US government is on par with the Soviet Union or North Korea, something's wrong there.
You know why this is a conflict? There is a reason that they attack us. In the name of Islam. This is, at its roots, a religious conflict. I never said the attacks were unwarranted - terrorist threats and plots are a frequent occurrence. You have no idea how many plots have been averted due to good intelligence and sting operations. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 05:30:49
Read my comment again. Never once did I say that the US government was good. Of course they have done bad things. But that doesn't make them a terrorist organization. Calling the US a "regime" is implying that they are authoritarian, which they definitely are not. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:31:44
I'm surprised he even got votes at all.
@_date: 2013-12-01 02:57:19
I've done tasks on this website for about a week now and I have gotten all of the money (about $20 worth). It isn't a scam.
The first time, it took me a while, but I just moved on to other things and ignored them.
Edit: in fact, I just got paid right now.
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:02:41
Nope, haven't read No Treason. But it's no surprise that all of your links are of an anarchist viewpoint. I do hope you realize that bitcoin is related to anarcho-capitalism, which isn't very mainstream at all.
Tu quoque, rofl - So not writing paragraphs makes you right and not trolling, huh. I already told you that I'm not trolling. I have a different opinion than you, and if that is taken to be "trolling," even in this sub, then it's you who needs to learn something about tolerance. And please, don't tell me to fuck off. You seriously act like you're 12. 
Slavery? There was bound to be discrimination in society back then, and we still see discrimination everywhere in the world, regardless of where you are. Slavery is when people are viewed as property, so they are not considered individuals. Society was very patriarchal - but as for establishing rights for some group (free white men), the US accomplished that. And it has been accomplishing that for other demographic groups - you hear about gay rights in the news a lot - that's their cycle. 
They didn't do it our of their altruistic hearts. Please, your argument becomes more emotionally charged by the second. They did it because they were facing discrimination by the British government. The Brits back then threw you in prison if you weren't a specific type of Christian. Ever hear about the Quakers and Pilgrims? If I was living in Britain back then, I would be in prison, maybe already executed right now and labelled a heretic because I'm an atheist. 
You completely missed the point and now are accusing me of indoctrination and "fucking fooling myself.'" No, no one said that at all, and they declared independence to give free white men certain unalienable rights. These were later expanded to other groups - women in the early 20th century, blacks in 1964, and gays in progress right now. You have no evidence that the Founding Fathers did what they did to "benefit themselves," and all the evidence and commentary points quite the opposite. 
I feel like what I'm typing is a waste because your brain can't handle a basic lesson on US history, who is totally ignorant to it and hypocritical for accusing me of indoctrination. You're just like a creationist accusing me of preaching evolution and false science.
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:09:30
See, you just don't get it. No, I do not "preach" the government in anyway. Being an atheist by definition means that I do not practice any god...why is it so hard to understand this? And god is not what you think it is. A deity is a supreme being, yes, and he/she has to be sacred or holy in some way, but that deity **does not have to guide the universe at all.** Plenty of religions, specifically deists, believe in a scenario where god created the universe and let the rest do its business. 
You're seriously trolling me now. I have said time and time again that I have no support for the government, and yet you think I worship them. You are pathetic. You continue to attack a straw man created a long time ago that I have already distanced myself from. I don't know how delusional you are to think that anyone who isn't a nihilist is "indoctrinated" in some way. 
You see how you are just like a creationist? You even think that I worship something - creationists typically say that evolution is a religion. Here you're rambling about government being some religion in which I worship, which I absolutely do not. 
And now you're asking me what the point of life is? It's a philosophical question that has no right or wrong answer. You ask it in such a condescending manner as if there was, and that nihilism is the one and only right position (again, just like a creationist intolerable to others' views). As an atheist, I don't live my life knowing that I will live in some afterlife - I know my time here is limited, and I take advantage of that - because look at the universe around us - it is truly awe-inspiring. And what if I didn't answer your question fully? That doesn't make your points any more valid at all. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:51:16
Physical coins can be bought and are broken up to reveal a piece of paper inside with a private key.
@_date: 2013-12-15 22:46:55
Population absolutely does not work the same way as a stock's price would in a stock market. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:48:01
If BTC hits $10,000, this tip will be worth over $2,000. o_o 
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:20:55
Now you know why big investors tended to stay away from BTC, until now.
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:16:30
Because youtube links are legitimate sources to back up an argument.
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:33:25
I have a bad feeling that that's going to be one of the largest misconceptions about mining. Already half the articles that I've read that talk about it say 2040 instead of 2140. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:20:31
You see, not everyone is going to interpret the Quran the same way. What it says and what people make it out to beare quite different things. That's where fundamentalists come in. And yes, there are Muslim governments...many Arab nations' official religion is Islam.
I mentioned 9/11 as a crucial point of conflict. It's not like it all suddenly started with 9/11...obviously. I get that. But it was a major event in a larger conflict with the Muslim world.
I will have to emphasize that it is the fundamentalist groups that have by far the most influence in the Middle East. They are the ones that are stirring up all this conflict. Why did they respond to Western involvement of their nations? There are countless times where acts of hate and violence are done in the name of religion. 9/11 was one of them...I understand why many people fail to admit it. But failing to do so means a failure to fix it. 
Christians in the Middle East are constantly oppressed. Churches there are virtually non-existent. The mosque in New York that was "too close" to ground zero. It's lamenting, really.
@_date: 2013-12-09 05:47:37
The whole point of government is to serve the people through consent. That's what government is properly for. Once again you have either not read my comment at all or distorted its interpretation to such extremes that I don't know how you still spew the words that you do. Many governments around the world exist through force and coercion. The British monarchy in the 1700s imposed coercion upon the colonists. They restricted freedoms that the US Constitition said that we were guaranteed to have. The US government was founded on the principle that it would serve its people. They have since detracted from that, of course, and that is why I never said that they were good. But that they are a lesser evil of what would be an unregulated and unforgivingly violent society.
This whole terrorist mess, the Syria conflict, all has its roots in religion. There are various other factors that also propagate the violence, but to its core, it is a Christianity - Islam conflict. Unlike you, I am not blinded by the one-sided perspective that you have.
It's really lamenting that you call me "indoctrinated," but it's fairly obvious that you and most of this community has absolutely no regard for a decent education in government and finance. Many of those that support bitcoin are "anarcho-capitalist." So it's fairly hypocritical that you would say I am exploiting this tool because of my greed, when I actually am not and many others are.
And now you're saying I have to be an anarchist to being in this forum? Are you nuts? Look at you jumping to false conclusions. Just like a conspiracy theorist employing fallacious logic. People like you are exactly why this subreddit has turned into trash, never mind the constant circlejerking. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:16:52
Silver is a different commodity than gold. All mBTC is, is shifting the decimal place three places. Investors aren't going to value silver and gold as a constant ratio.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:02:49
It's ok, most people haven't heard of them. You know why? Because most people hate their music. Never once did I mention that their music is famous among the public. The only reason I mentioned them is because of that hatred which remains to this day after over a century of exposure. If you go to Youtube and search up Schoenberg's 3rd quartet, you would know what I'm talking about.
In fact, I mentioned "mainstream" artists. There are good mainstream artists (although few) out there like Eminem (even though I don't really listen to his music) and many underground artists have great potential, in pretty much all genres, including hip-hop. But much of mainstream music is just dull and repetitive. There has even been analysis of chord progressions in popular songs today to demonstrate why. Some songs even have the same progressions, and while the chords themselves don't necessarily ruin the originality, many other factors do, and that's what I hear today. 
And no, I don't think I'm superior to anyone else, I simply gave my opinion. If it was a strong one and offended you, I'm sorry. I never thought of anybody I think of as bad artists as bad people. They are not bad people, but that doesn't mean they deserve a Person of the Year Award either. Which is what this thread is all about.
But resorting to insults is unacceptable. Calling me a dumb fuck just because I don't agree with your subjective opinion is childish. There are people out there who think his music is significant and those who don't think it'll last 20 years. And no, liking his music and recognizing his significance are not completely different things. What you're trying to do is to force people who think that his music is both shitty and insignificant to believe that it is significant. Again, it's a matter of personal opinion. There is no objective truth to this at all. It's not like convincing me that Asia is the largest continent on Earth.
I don't even hate his music and never once did I say that. I just don't like it because it's unoriginal. There's a big difference there. And again, I don't think he is culturally important. He may have hit the charts on his new album but that certainly doesn't lend him a Person of the Year award. 
And the Second Viennese School weren't a bunch of school kids. They were composers who followed Schoenberg's atonal music, which is far more advanced that most people like you or me could even begin to comprehend (although I do listen to it nonetheless).
But denouncing them as "children" is like saying "I haven't tasted this food, so it must taste disgusting." 
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:35:08
Kanye West and most of his contemporaries have done more damage to music than the [Second Viennese School]( (atonal composers like Schoenberg) could ever have done. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 16:17:30
When bitcoin is widely accepted Apple will be surely sorry about this.
@_date: 2013-12-10 06:03:32
Just one sentence: It's not a belief system. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 03:57:39
It's been overhyped and is undergoing a correction. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 04:03:40
Did the Soviets industralize at the expense of millions of lives? Did we have to live under the dreadful suffering that the Soviets had to live through? Seriously, you sound just like a conspiracy theorist that has no idea what he's talking about.
Educate myself on the illegimacy of government? Well that's just only one author's opinion, my friend. Sounds like you are an anarchist. Now, I don't know if you know this, but bad things happen when there isn't some form of regulation. A country in Africa used to be an anarchy, and the place was extraordinarily violent. You could do anything you want, things considered illegal in other countries included, and get away with it. Anarchy only works if everyone was perfectly honest. And that is definitely out of the question. Because we're human.
Again, the whole point of government is to serve the people from their consent. The US, while far from perfect and definitely should not be a role-model for it, still does this far better than the Soviet Union. Since when was a Soviet allowed to criticize the USSR's policies? He would've been executed for that back in the day. Still think the US government is worse than the USSR? The things that you have just said would've gotten you executed under a totalitarian state. In the US, you can say that freely and no one would give a fuck.
Seriously, it takes a mad man to think that the US government is bad or worse than the Soviets. There exists such thing as Western propaganda, but a totalitarian government like the Soviet Union is never to be estimated. Over 30 million Soviet citizens died under Stalin's rule because of him, and not because of the Nazis. 
Why don't you spend a few decades of your life in North Korea and come back to the US? After all, you think the US government is "bad or worse" than Kim's regime. Please tell me you had a better time there, okay?
@_date: 2013-12-15 16:21:22
This. Guys, send this to everyone you know. Everyone who doesn't know or understand what bitcoin is needs to see this.
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:46:42
See? You don't even know what an atheist is - one who lacks belief in a god. You're denying that I'm an atheist not even knowing what it is. Absolutely pathetic. A god is a supernatural being thought of as divine and sacred. I believe in nothing supernatural nor divine or sacred. So please, quit your blabbering about how I'm "not an atheist," because it's obvious you know little about what atheism is. I hate to make this case, but it is you whose comments are borderline trolling. 
You have evidence that they did it to benefit themselves? Show me. Because pretty much every analysis done by educated historians say otherwise (thus, you have the burden).
@_date: 2013-12-09 05:58:21
**Dictatorships in the past hundred years have killed over 100 million innocent people due to their repressions.** Civilians in North Korea are starving. They can't afford basic necessities that Americans take for granted. They have no social, economic, or political freedoms at all. They worship a god-like dictator that doesn't give a fuck about its own citizens. It strays the farthest from what government should be. Almost everything is stripped by their government's recognition of limitless regulations.
Furthermore, comparing the US to North Korea is like comparing apples to oranges. One is much larger both in terms of economy and population and much more influential in the world than the other. 
I never said I was a nationalist and I will not repeat that again. I am appalled by the fact that my different opinion is implied to be "nationalist." Quite a slippery slope, isn't it.


It's these false conclusions that disappoint me most. I will not repeat this again, **I am not a nationalist. I never said the US government was "good" in any way.** No, I am not proud of what the US government does, because I do not support them at all. 
You and pierebel probably cherry-pick sentences in my comments and fabricate a flawed, straw-man argument that is both weak and, frankly, disappointing. 
I expected better from a sub like this. Make no mistake, I adore bitcoin. But I most certainly do not adore those that shun people with a different opinion and who can't read a few paragraphs to save their life.
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:46:53
Accusing me of being a statist now, huh. I prefer not to call myself that, as it carries strong negative connotations, especially with your kind. And again, I don't create supreme beings in my mind. Quit accusing me of things like that. Please. Or I will not respond to anymore of your comments. I've already repeated these things many times and you just still don't get my points. You say that I worship men directly but I have already fucking said that I do not support the US government at all. If you can't get over that, then there is no reason to argue anymore with your closed-mindedness.
This can be plainly demonstrated by this comment you just made, because you think that I have "beliefs." No, I do not have any beliefs that I adhere to, unlike religion - the whole meaning of the word "atheist" is one that lacks a belief in god - i.e. a lack of beliefs to adhere to. You keep thinking of atheism as just another religion, which it is plainly not. 
Once again, I haven't read any Dawkins. With 45% of the population, atheists are one of the most disliked groups in the US, which is not a surprise. "Falling for the idea of meaning?" There is no right or wrong answer to this. See how you think your nihilism philosophy is correct?
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:59:19
When you follow through with pierebel's logic, you'll realize how absurd it is. 
And watch as I get called a shill 20 minutes later. He belongs in really.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:56:26
A clear demonstration of ignorance. You give the impression that you had no idea what the Second Viennese School or Arnold Schoenberg was. Pity.
It is of my opinion that Kanye is not a great musician. But it is an opinion shared by many others. Few pop songs today are what I consider worthy of being innovative, original, or otherwise having talent.
In the early 20th century, atonal music was hated by the public. It was wretched in its dissonance. Yet today, we hear the repetitive new pop music with its cliche lyrics, 4-chord songs, boring electronic beats, and not even a requirement to have a good voice (through training) anymore. Most of the songs aren't even written by the artist anymore. 
We yearn for the same, bland music. That's why new pop is so repetitive today. The mainstream artists like Kanye attention-whore for the fame and glory. That's why I have so little respect for them. 
So yes, I do think he makes shit music. Although he is not a bad person, he is a bad musician. But thinking it's "fucking stupid" to deny that he's a good musician is just wrong. In fact, I'm really confused by the fact that you said it's fine, yet then you call us "fucking stupid." 
I can have my opinions and you can have yours, but you are not going to be the one to tell me what I should think of him. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 13:32:16
Who the fuck cares if it's really similar. It is the second largest cryptocurrency out there by far and would be a logical extension if LTC coverage is added. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:02:56
Elon Musk once said that he would've brought more changes to PayPal in just a few weeks than the business has since he left.
@_date: 2013-12-10 06:47:15
There are going to be defects out there, both with Apple and Samsung. But I think Doctor is trying to get out there that Samsung handled that case really badly. 
Apple is wonderful in replacing defective devices. All Samsung had to do was to say "We're really sorry this happened and we'll send you a new replacement free of charge." Instead, they asked the guy to take down his Youtube video and promise not to mention it to anyone. It's a classic example of the Streisand effect and it really does bring their company a bad name.
He's not trying to condemn all of Samsung's phones, or Android phones in general - just the company and how they handled damage control.
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:34:50
This is called *logistic growth.* Exponential growth is rarely used to model population growth, and definitely not for humans. Already our population growth is in decline from the 1960s. I can understand the misconception though, because the chart only shows part of it, which can be mistaken for exponential growth.
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:33:08
First of all, the US has done these in response to a single event: 9/11. War is hell and we all know that civilians are going to die from it. Would you be okay with dictators in power? No? That's exactly what the US felt. History has proven time and time again that a person with that much power is bound to abuse it. You think that the US would just stand there and try to engage in diplomacy with the terrorists after that? You think the US can just suddenly eliminate the fundamentalists trained in guerrilla warfare clean-cut without any civilian causalities? Once again, impossible standards. 
And once again, never once did I support US politicians. I do not share their opinion at all.
@_date: 2013-12-10 02:12:00
Yea, it's funny because I'm an atheist and an anti-theist, as if my username wasn't enough for a hint. I've mentioned my lack of support for the US government and its politicians for the past 10 comments in this thread and you **still** don't get it. Do I have to hold your baby hand for you? I don't know how many times I'm gonna tell you guys. I'm not supportive of either party's platform or the stupid politicians that are in office. Please, keep on gnawing at your straw man. 
I can't understand why you would oppose the US government so much. You apparently take these rights for granted, not knowing how much the Founding Fathers had to go through to obtain them. My position is that the US was the first to recognize that people have fundamental rights, even though they have gradually evolved out of that (because people are becoming more dependent upon the government, and countries like Sweden and Iceland do far better). Not every government recognizes those rights, you know. Your words don't mean shit in the US, but in a country like Belarus, it could land you in prison for life. 
To be honest, you guys are the ones who push this religious-type fervor onto people. Your downvotes and your attitude only show that you apparently *have* to be an anarchist to join this community (not mentioning that there are plenty of people who have entered and exited this currency just for the profits, and I am not one of them). Bitcoin is a wonderful tool, and it really is the currency of the future. But as for this particular community of blind optimists and the endless circlejerking about the price? Not so much.
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:20:12
Why are you so against alt coins? They aren't trying to overtake Bitcoin, they are trying to complement it.
@_date: 2013-12-26 14:44:23
Don't even try mining bitcoins with gpus now. The difficulty is much too high to earn anything at all. Try mining litecoins or some other altcoin. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:10:16
Your condescending attitude does not amuse me. You tell me, what is the point of government? It's to serve its people through protecting them from dangers both domestically and abroad, and to make sure that society functions in a smooth manner. Whether it works or not **is not important, even though the failures are seen today.** Of course no government is perfect in doing this, but there are some European countries that come pretty close. 
Is this community seriously delusional to basic education? I am appalled. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:49:46
What government that has been involved in a war hasn't killed their own citizens or civilian allies? No country is perfect in its operations, but your language is implying that the US government treats its citizens like the Soviets did during the Stalin era.
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:11:26
Yep, I just got the payment. Will delete this post.
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:17:08
Spoken like a true conspiracy theorist. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:31:14
"The currency is often linked to illegal activity"
Not like the United States dollar is used for real-world black market operations, right?
@_date: 2013-12-04 04:23:03
This. Couldn't have said it better. Alt coins like LTC were never meant to overtake Bitcoin at all. The creators of alt coins already understood that Bitcoin was by far the largest cryptocurrency out there - they were launched to *complement* Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-23 15:18:26
Trust me, my friend. That time will come very soon.
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:56:18
So if the US government successfully prevents 20 terrorist attacks that would've cost us billions in damages and a public suddenly turned fearful, but accidentally kills one of their own, does that make them a terrorist organization? Did you expect humans to be absolutely perfect? 
I'm not exactly saying that they're good at all, really. But you set impossible standards, my friend.  
@_date: 2013-12-10 06:49:32
He got pissed off at the company precisely because of what they told him, not because his phone was defective. If I had an android and it was defective, I wouldn't even be mad. But I would get mad if Samsung told me to suppress the proof and told me to hush. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 06:50:57
It's really a case against the company and not the phones themselves, to be honest.
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:28:56
Actually, not quite. Population of humans and many other species is based on a logistic curve, which can be mathematically modeled. A stock price over an arbitrary time cannot (although there is that one exception UVXY that's pretty much an exponential decay).
Furthermore, while the possibility exists for us to destroy our own civilization, it's fairly unlikely that we'll degenerate to that point. It's going to be a bumpy road with stuff like Iran, North Korea, religious radicals, climate change, etc... but I'm confident that we'll get past that and achieve a Type I civilization.
Crashing to 0 is extremely unlikely, and only a few events can do that (such as an asteroid impact). Humans are extremely resilient and even if something like nuclear warfare would cause societal collapse, it would not cause the extinction of humanity as a species. We would simply be wiping out thousands of years of history. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 03:07:41
No, I'm saying that the US government was founded on the principle that it would serve its people. That was the whole reason why the colonists declared independence. They have since partially backtracked on that promise.
Honestly, an anarchy in the US wouldn't work. If you don't understand that some sort of authority is needed to keep everyone in line and prevent chaos, then there's no way you'll understand an anarchist society's implications. Learn your history and learn your government. Seriously. There are the true anarchists who understand other forms of government and advocate for it because they think it would work, but then there are those who blindly follow it because of the revelations from Snowden, many with not an ounce of education in history or government at all (you).
It's just like the people who have read about communism, actually understand what it is, and go against it because they know that a communist society is bound to have reduced prosperity and little incentive. Then there are those who blindly hate it because their parents and teachers taught them the propaganda.
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:05:47
What about the 60 million people who died under Stalin's industralization? pierebel's comparison is absurd at its core. 
Never once did I support US politicians. It's really sad that you would associate them with my position. Please, continue gnawing at your straw man.
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:06:08
That's how government is properly made...through the people's consent. Who knows what is happening in the real world, but that is government in a utopian world. That's the whole point of it. Of course, people are bound to abuse their power, that's why we're not perfect. 
Looks like someone needs to go back to school.
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:54:23
It's a great proverb, however, with regard to the Qin dynasty, Qin Shihuang was actually a fairly effective ruler, given the unstable circumstances during the time.
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:15:38
High risk usually equates to high reward. As for BTC, it's almost a gamble.
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:40:01
CNN once said that BTC was a "shady online currency." So there's definitely some skepticism going on. Nonetheless, I too am thrown off by that association. It's not like the USD isn't used for black market exchanges in the real world.
@_date: 2013-12-09 06:04:01
Who holds power over the Middle East? The Muslims. Northern Africa? Muslims. South Asia? Muslims. What Arab country recognizes Israel? Very few. 
Once again you have misinterpreted my comment. I said **"various factors"** play a role in the conflict, but **at its roots, it is a religious conflict.** Do I seriously have to bold these phrases for you to get what I'm saying? If the Middle East was controlled by Christians only, all of this wouldn't even be an issue. But nope, there are influential organizations in the Middle East that do not tolerate any other religion other than Islam. 
@_date: 2013-12-26 16:44:39
Only if the valuation is above $1.
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:32:17
It's a misleading statement, and in the minds of the public it makes a huge difference on whether something is actually true and what is misleading.
@_date: 2013-11-27 00:29:03
It would be logical to provide an option for people to view their wallets with either BTC or mBTC.
@_date: 2013-12-10 15:27:41
Let me say this for the last time, because it’s obvious that you haven’t got the points of my comments at all. Apparently I do need to hold your baby hand in order for you to process this simple claim in your pea-sized brain. **I do not in any way support the US government. So stop fucking replying as if I do.** I’ve had it with you shunning what I’m saying and distorting it to such an extent that no one can make it out anymore. You keep gnawing at your straw man because you just think that I’m this white Republican who hates Muslims, don’t you? Ridiculous. 
First of all, I do have those rights, in fact. And the sad thing that you don’t’ realize is that your country **based those rights off of the US.** That’s why you should feel grateful that the founding fathers had to go through what they went through, because otherwise you and I wouldn’t be here to discuss this, wouldn’t we? Most likely already dead by firing squad. I can practice any religion I want, or the lack thereof, I can say anything I want (within reasonable limits – yelling fire in a crowded theater when there’s no fire, nope) , I can assemble a group of people without fear of it being disbanded – how do you think all these grassroots movements took place? 
Fit into my little world view? Still thinking I’m a white Muslim-hater, don’t you? See where I’m coming from when you’re attacking a straw man? I don’t hate Muslims, I dislike the fundamentalists that try to shove their religion down my throat using violence. Radical Christians are just as bad as radical Muslims, in truth. And never once did I say we should bomb them. I don’t know how pathetically distorted you interpreted my comment but it’s obvious that the level of hypocrisy in how you said I’m ignorant about all this is beyond me, because you can’t even read a comment correctly without creating straw men everywhere. 
And let me tell you something. Christians and Muslims have been fighting each other for thousands of years, all in the name of their religion. They have fought each other, and separate groups in each religion have fought each other too – it’s a complete mess and it’s disgusting that religion can make people do this. I know that the terrorists said that it was in response to Western intervention, but it is, **at its roots,** a religious conflict. There have been over 20,000 Islamic terrorist attacks. Only goes to show how much a fundamentalist attitude can take over a person’s mind. 
You seriously think the videos hold any sort of truth? First of all, you’re presenting a one-sided argument. You just think I’m wrong and you’re right, huh. What a surprise. **I’m arguing to support why I think I'm right,** and so should you, and yet you’re just linking me to videos, **but not saying why you’ think you're right.** I have learned all these things, I’ve learned US history and government, and I know the blind anarchist side who tries to shove their beliefs down my throat, just as you are doing right this moment. I said earlier that people like you sound just like a creationist accusing scientists of “preaching evolution.” And that’s exactly what you are doing. 
Second of all, I hate the US media, and have long abandoned them. They are biased in their reporting, and it’s obvious that reporters in general are just not educated at what they do (with some exceptions). And government-approved version? Rofl. Spoken like a true conspiracy theorist. I know the pitfalls of this government, and I already fucking said that **I don’t support them,** and your last points still yabber at that straw man. Your arguments are pathetic, to say the least. I’m amazed at your lack of comprehension. You know what, that’s exactly what I expected from a person like you. 
And lastly, if you think this community isn’t full of optimists and that half the posts are about bitcoin’s price, then you’re seriously delusional. It was made perfectly clear that that was not related to this particular discussion, and now you’re accusing me of fabricating a straw man out of it? 
There are no words to express this advanced stupidity. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:41:48
Actually, fossil fuels only contributes indirectly to the population growth, while antibiotics only is part of the picture. Many medical advancements have been made in the past 100 years to decrease infant mortality, find treatments for viral and bacterial infections, better conditions for surgeries, the list goes on. 
And most importantly of all, this is **not exponential growth.** This is **logistic growth.** The chart only shows part of the curve, and already the population growth rate is declining from the 1960s. It used to be over 3%, but is now about 2.1% and declining (I'm just pulling the numbers out of my head - the point is, the rate is declining). This overall decline is uneven, however, with developing and undeveloped countries (except China) pushing constant birth rates (like they have for the past thousands of years), while the developed world's population growth is very stable, and in fact declining for a few countries.


I agree that these are huge challenges to be met by the next generation, but there will always be a solution to them. 