@_author: atjiz
@_date: 2017-03-14 17:24:05
I think as this thing continues to grow a very detailed, nuanced approach to changes/enhancements to bitcoin is important - we have a lot at stake now. Have you read Vinny Lingham's blog posts in their entirety? From a hodler's perspective, I thought the ETF would be great (although I knew that big institutional money probably wouldn't be a good thing) after reading his work I was thoroughly convinced that the ETF was indeed bad for BTC and genuinely happy it didn't go through - even though that meant a (very temporary) dip in BTC price.
On the volatility - it has come way down. I'm confused by this point in your OP.
Finally, I have to agree with Vinny's breakdown of the way in which Bitcoin will grow and become (finally) adopted as a currency. What you have to understand is that the world is now looking at BTC as a disconnected store of value (think Gold/Silve - but BTC currently less manipulated) and that there are virtually no assets/currencies not pegged to U.S. interest rates. There's not just more at stake from a value position for all involved (HODLERs, miners, companies, etc.) but there are much larger market mechanics (and mischief) than your average r/bitcoiner is probably thinking of. I for one think a very slow and steady approach is the way to go. And if I can hold much of my financial networth (in theory) on a complete secure and protected device that bank runs can not touch - it's worth a higher transaction fee (for now - and this will be worked out).
Without knowing much of the economics of mining (now) I have to think that we could all DO NOTHING, and see bitcoin triple/quadruple in a year because of larger macro economic trends across all countries (stemming in large part from changes to U.S. interest rates) - and I'd have to imagine the miners will be profiting from the increase in pricing/coin as well as the higher transaction fees. I think it's dangerous to jump to any conclusions, and it's just a feeling, but the BU stuff sounds manufactured and for short term gain. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 17:01:33
Actually any client prior to 0.8 will not be able to sync the blockchain. Although the explicit limit was added in 0.3.x, there was actually an implicit limit caused by a bug in the software which limited the block size to ~500 kb and caused an accidental chain fork in 2013. So actually BU is not "going back to the orignal rules" but rather introducing new ones.
Furthermore, the entire Bitcoin community has decided that this "fork" of Bitcoin after 0.3.x is "Bitcoin". Since BU would be using a different set of consensus rules different from what is currently "Bitcoin", unless basically every user decides to call BU "Bitcoin", the "Bitcoin" will still be the longest blockchain following the current consensus rules.
@_date: 2017-03-14 17:14:00
The txs at L0 need to be gossiped to the whole Bitcoin node network. This is extremely costly in terms of bandwidth and this bandwidth usage cannot be lowered without compromising safety and decentralisation. Space in the block needs to reflect this cost. If the cost is low over the long term, so is the safety/security of the network.
L1 on the other hand does not have these constraints. Individual txs at L1 don't need to be gossiped to or persisted in every Bitcoin node. That depends on what particular chain you are using at L1. These can have different trade-offs in terms of throughput, cost and security. But you cannot build secure on top of insecure, so L0 needs to remain strictly secure.
Unlimited block size at L0 means Bitcoin becomes pointless because it cannot possibly compete in throughput/price with centralised solutions and you are losing the features Bitcoin does have (decentralisation and censorship-resistance).
L0 and L1 are not exchangeable. L0 is Bitcoin. L1 requires some space to operate upon, so it cannot be zero (although it can be relatively little). L1 entities would need to be able to transact on L0 to operate.
Everybody would be able to operate on L0 directly, but they will need to pay whatever it costs at that point.
@_date: 2016-12-29 08:02:02
Try it in english?