@_author: atjiz1
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:01:53
While that may have been true in the past, researchers are now starting to remove the noise on previously assumed chaotic systems.
For Example -
Visual Analysis of Nonlinear Dynamical Systems: Chaos, Fractals, Self-Similarity and the Limits of Prediction
My friend is a Salk researcher who is currently working on a paper entitle "Finding information from hidden dimensions through combined use of native and time delayed data with mixed embeddings."
The truth is that there is real progress on this front and data scientists are starting to see the signal through all the noise. Im not saying its ready for prime time....but I am saying that you are not as researched on the subject as you think you are, and there is unpublished work currently on this front that has shown real progress.
Does it apply to bitcoin? No, not yet. So its irrelevant for this discussion. But the bigger picture is we are making progress.
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:04:01
I guess that's gonna be MultiBit.
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:02:11
I remember people in 2014 predicting 100k. There may be some people who guessed right, I don't know really; but the fact of the matter is it doesn't really matter what we think, it may go to 10k, it may go to $10, nobody knows, at this point we know the absolutely ridiculous is totally possible (whether that be $10, or $10k), so place your bets! My reasoning in betting on the higher bound of ridiculous is because I think the risk:reward ratio is good. Just picture what the price would be if a million people wake up tomorrow and want to buy one bitcoin. One million people is not that many people at all on a global scale. 
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:02:40
 &gt;   Improved Instant ACH
You may have also noticed that this new zero-confirmation BTC deposit feature is pretty similar to our existing Instant ACH system: your funds are available for trading right away, and they become available for withdrawal only once your deposit fully clears. Instant ACH is one of our most popular features, and after listening to your comments and feedback over the last year, we’ve made some changes to how we calculate your “Available for Withdrawal” balance. We think you’ll find the new system much more sensible — especially if you make frequent deposits and trades.
I'm interested in this. Say you want to buy $500 worth of bitcoin from Gemini. You initiate an ACH deposit to Gemini, and they let you buy immediately. Cool, but then you have to wait 5-7 days to be able to transfer those coins out. Even 3 and 4 days after the ACH has been deducted from your bank.
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:01:42
You are very misleading. Satoshi said that increased fees could be used when the mining reward is gone or its too burdensome to run a node. NOT BEFORE actual adoption which would compensate. Also, any spam argument is PURELY POLITICAL because miners can set a minimum fee to avoid dust transactions.
I don’t anticipate that fees will be needed anytime soon, but if it becomes too burdensome to run a node, it is possible to run a node that only processes transactions that include a transaction fee. The owner of the node would decide the minimum fee they’ll accept. Right now, such a node would get nothing, because nobody includes a fee, but if enough nodes did that, then users would get faster acceptance if they include a fee, or slower if they don’t. The fee the market would settle on should be minimal. If a node requires a higher fee, that node would be passing up all transactions with lower fees. It could do more volume and probably make more money by processing as many paying transactions as it can. The transition is not controlled by some human in charge of the system though, just individuals reacting on their own to market forces. -Satoshi Nakamoto, April 2009
@_date: 2017-02-01 10:02:26
t is pretty shady. Would you want some random anonymous person picking you up, where you're required to pay cash or bitcoin at pickup time?
Driving for hire is one service that absolutely needs some amount of regulation and vetting of drivers. The fact that they're bragging that there's no approval process or vehicle restrictions should be a huge red flag to anyone who wants to use this service. It's basically hitch-hiking, with all of the dangers that come along with that.
Of course, there could be reviews of drivers and you could try to pick a long-standing driver with great reviews, but it's ridiculously easy to fake that kind of thing.