@_author: atlastar
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:20:17
They didn't because the tipping app wasn't what was compromised.
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:19:43
But that is a terrible idea...why would you scale things by consolidating posts making the total size of one post larger.
@_date: 2017-12-30 05:17:54
This is false for this year, as currently it is considered a like kind exchange since cryptos are considered property and the new tax code just had to clarify that like kind exchanges only are applicable to *real* property. Starting January 1st what you are stating will be the case though.
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:24:17
The thing is that legally like kind exchange applies to all forms of property currently...so the only really debatable thing is whether or not trading between two different properties that are slightly different is a like kind exchange...so you could argue that swapping BTC for IOTA under current tax law is the same as trading a hotel for an apartment complex, or a motorcycle for a minivan, and if those are considered a like kind exchange, why isn't swapping the coins? Meaning that if the IRS attempts to collect said taxes you could open up a litigation case against them...at which point it turns into a matter of how the court rules and how accurately the interpret the law as written.
Basically my thoughts are that it wouldn't be getting changed if legally the IRS could pursue you for doing so if under the current law it was considered a taxable event...to be safe you can definitely withhold more for taxes and treat it as it will be under the new tax code though.
@_date: 2019-01-29 01:22:00
Not today perhaps, but give it enough halving periods and it is very likely to happen, especially if there are many lightning channels closing and opening in a day for whatever reason.  
A day will come when on the first layer more Satoshi's are earned from fee processing than the coinbase assuming a full block, it is just a matter of how far into the future such an event will occur....to believe that even an increase of a single Satoshi to get things cleared on the first layer won't create massive inflation throughout the rest of the network is what is absurd...It isn't an issue we will see tomorrow, or for many years, but it is an inevitability. It is one that also has to hope that mining doesn't become further centralized given enough halvenings and the issues mentioned, because over the next few years I see hash-power decreasing overall as it is...and if mining becomes more centralized the issues mentioned will become exacerbated.
@_date: 2019-01-29 02:28:35


If moving transactions off-chain...how? How can there be a sufficient fees to give miners incentive at a certain point in time if the goal is to move everyone off onto a layer 2 scaling solution?
@_date: 2019-01-27 22:53:13
Remove Bitcoin's underlying transaction network and it becomes worthless...Bitcoin's value will always be derived from the fact it is peer to peer cash; it will never be a store of value and therefore it will not be a reserve 'asset.'  
Regardless, it becoming a store of value defeats the point, because who wants to use a store of value rather than hold it?
@_date: 2019-01-27 23:06:40


Bitcoin if anything is *disinflationary* not deflationary.  
If you want to get really pedantic though, the ability for miners to increase their mining fees is a form of cost-push inflation, as the value of the satoshi loses spending power as the satoshi per byte fee increases...the only way one can consider Bitcoin deflationary is if they are viewing it solely through the lens of fiat to begin with and using the fact that it gains fiat value as the only metric to judge its deflationary powers...which is incorrect, as the currency pair value has nothing to do with inflation or deflation to begin with.  
So technically, Bitcoin has methods of inflation built in, but without a way to increase the money supply which leads to a decrease in money velocity and further centralization of the currency itself during those periods of inflation...Only if viewing it from the Austrian School of economics will one consider the capped supply and slow release of the currency a form of disinflation, while other economic models would not even consider that to be the most important factor.
@_date: 2019-01-29 01:37:35
And it still doesn't change the inevitable fact that eventually miners will earn more from fees than not...the less miners and hash-power needed for solves, the less secure bitcoin is. Combine the two together and you have a poor foundation you are building layer 2 solutions on top of, which fail when the first layer fails.
@_date: 2019-01-29 00:40:41
If the mempool is getting filled, people can increase how much they pay in fees as assurance that their tx gets picked up can they not? Are you trying to say that basic forces of supply and demand won't push the fees higher as individuals vie to get their transaction confirmed? Regardless of where this occurs, it is still inflation; it wouldn't matter if this was on-chain fees or off, any sort of demand pressures that incentivizes paying a larger fee to get your transaction to go through is inflation.  
Besides, if the underlying network has no one using it, a point will come when the miners will leave given enough halving periods if they aren't receiving decent sized fees, making layer 2 solutions pretty pointless...but that is a different topic.
@_date: 2019-01-28 20:06:38
This is a naive assumption solely due to the fact that if demand increases on the blockchain itself, you will see mining fees increase. That is textbook inflation...the only way that that isn't inflation is if you view Bitcoin through the lens of other currencies and not as a currency itself as mentioned before. While the concept itself is sound, it ignores other factors such as whether the currency is sticky, how friction-less the market truly is, etc...because an increase in productivity that can't match increases in demand for services and goods will absolutely cause inflation as those prices increase due to simple supply and demand...this is doubly true with Bitcoin still being pegged to fiat and not treated as its own unit of exchange on a massive scale.