@_author: atomsea
@_date: 2014-06-02 06:43:52
jcofflan, your lack of understanding of this coin strains your credibility.
If you would've shown strong research I'd think you could perhaps be a lead developer in something, but saying this - "What I mean is that there are many servers on the Web that if hacked would compromise the entire CureCoin system." - makes me believe that you are either a troll, or embarrassingly uniformed. 
My guess is that you contribute some code. There is no way you are the lead developer of folding
If you would've studied CureCoin, you'd know that if the folding program goes down, CureCoin still goes on. It is based on sha256 hashing (and a proof-of-stake network) not protein folding. 
The devs will either wait for f to come back online, or bootstrap the program to another operation. Not a pretty thing, but the coin survives; the sha256 &amp; pos system handle that. You need to study this.
I will validate your blockchain integration though, but this can still be done on the fly. 
The direction they went was to get the program off the ground in the best possible way that wasn't dependent on the F system (ironically your biggest concern). That's why they didn't "hard-link-it" at that time.
Now that they have the attention of everyone, more face-to-face talk can happen. I find it unlikely that the F peeps would've had the time or inclination before to work with CureCoin, they were too unknown. But now that CureCoin is the largest currently-running folding group (by a factor of 6), perhaps this work can be done.
You realize that the code can still be upgraded to reflect everything that you actually got right.
The distribution of folding-coins can be made decentralized, and the pre-mine that was for the folders can be sent to addresses with no private keys &amp; destroyed; and the folding coins can then come directly from the sha256 &amp; POS system after a code tweak and miner update to reflect a new coin number. Or even a whole-new proof-of-work system can be created using the gpu/cpu combo that is inherent in the f programs. Who knows. 
Until then, (or forever, I'm not a dev) this is based on a social contract, and backed by the legal system. (see their registration)
They are breaking new ground here. I'd like to see it all blockchain based as well - but I see why they made the decisions they did to get this off the ground - especially the one to ensure it stays alive in the event that f crashes, (your biggest knowledge gap in this entire operation).
Do your homework, I can't emphasize that enough, you don't have a full grasp of how this coin works - and perhaps how cryptocoins work in general.
You have some good points, but they get shadowed-out when you make such wild-eyed statements like the one I referenced.
@_date: 2013-11-20 06:34:39
Arize.