@_author: atombitwallet
@_date: 2016-08-21 15:54:40
Hi Miner62,
We'd like to clear up a couple of things regarding your response.
1) We currently only accept CAD through PayPal, so when an order was placed in the demo video they received $5 CAD and not USD. The wallet is automatically set to USD, which is why the amount is displayed in USD at the end. Our fee is actually only 10%
2) PayPal does not have a policy against selling bitcoins. They are fully aware of our operations, and we are not in violation of any of their policies.
We'd be happy to answer any further questions!
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2016-08-01 19:13:20
Hi dOLCONTIN,
We're sorry to hear that you haven't received your coins yet. Please email us at support if you haven't yet, and we will investigate as soon as we can. It is a long holiday weekend in Canada as Haligonian777 mentioned, but we are still working!
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2016-08-21 17:49:04
1) We currently operate internationally and accept payments from every country with the exception of China. This is because Apple has blocked Bitcoin wallets from appearing in the Chinese App Store. When sending payment through PayPal, local currency is automatically converted to CAD. We hope to soon add USD and other popular currencies to avoid this added cost for our customers. 
2) PayPal reserves the right to close merchant accounts that incur a high chargeback amount. This tends to be higher for merchants selling digital items such as bitcoins, which is why many drew the conclusion that PayPal does not allow bitcoins to be sold. 
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:32:44
Hi Matt,
Looking forward to integrating your API and all of its services when you make it publicly available.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:05:04
Hi there! We're curious to know why you'd think that.
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:37:27
Hi Reddit,
The ATOMBIT Wallet app integrates Fold by launching the official FoldApp URL in an integrated WebView window and then simply consumes the Bitcoin send URI.
 
NOTE: If you login to Fold anonymously your Starbucks credits will ONLY be visible from within the ATOMBIT Wallet app due to iOS cookie sandboxing.
To access Fold Starbucks credits from outside the ATOMBIT Wallet app, i.e using ANY browser from ANY device, use FoldApp’s Facebook or Twitter login options instead.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:31:12
Hi everyone,
We want to make it clear that we did not mean to rain on anyone's parade or steal their spotlight. In fact, our app was released BEFORE the Fold/AirBitz announcement on Monday. We did contact Fold and inquired about an API over a month ago but never received a response. That’s cool, we understand why now. More spend options for Bitcoin users is always a good thing. We would be more than happy to integrate with the Fold API when it becomes publicly available. Until then cheers to everyone, enjoy your discounted Starbucks coffee!
 
By the way, there is NO sinister hackery in what we are doing. We simply present the official FoldApp URL in an integrated webview window and consume the BTC send URI. No magic here.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-12-19 04:38:08
Hi slinky311,
Thank you for your contacting us regarding your User Authentication failure issue. Are you using a jailbroken device? If so, User Authentication will continuously fail from first launch.
If you are not using a jailbroken device and were able to use the app in the past, please let us know some more details regarding your situation and we will find you a solution.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:25:52
We should have checked his post history, thank you :)
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:29:04
Here's the link to our patent: 
Interesting guess, but no that's not what we're doing. If you'd like to discuss our approach after reading the patent, we'd be happy to. Happy reading!
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:57:48
We feel like our approach to reach the public so far has been careful, and any perceived negative reputations we've garnered here on Reddit can be changed as our company and product grow and evolve. We know it's unrealistic to reach everyone we want to on day 1, and that's why we started to get feedback early from a small community we trust. Better to correct any mistakes in the public eye before all the decisions have been made behind closed doors :)
Edit: Grammar
@_date: 2014-09-15 23:11:10
We didn't make this post for the publicity or to sell anything, we just wanted great feedback like yours. Can you tell us a little bit about yourself and how you use Bitcoin?
Before answering your great questions, let's clarify one thing first. The private key is not split into parts. A number of derivatives are generated mathematically that is impossible to reserve engineer back into the private key (as previously explained). You need all of them present in order to recreate the private key. I'll refer to the derivatives as points for simplicity from now on. 
1. Yes, we're sending a point from the private key to the blockchain (one of the parts that was split).
2. Originally the private key is generated randomly. Then it's split into its points, and the points are used in the future to recreate the key whenever the owner needs it.
3. Yes. In another application of the patent, the same technique is used to destroy and recreate AES symmetric keys (or their seeds).
4. The same private key can have multiple public addresses. We are only protecting the private key. Look into elliptic curves and how they're used in Bitcoin if you don't know about them. 
5. It's very easy to change your gesture using the GUI of your phone. The gesture is one of the points, and you simply select a new point on the same line.
6. Get a new phone, bring the backup down from iCloud, and automatically your new phone works and your old phone is locked out. Just don't forget your gesture!
7. Would you trust a transaction without access to the blockchain by one or both parties? 
8. The user can generate redundant extra points on the same line, and trust them with his wife, children, partners, etc. This would give them the power to recreate his private keys with or without his consent (in case of a divorce or change of interest, he can change the line and orphan the points, thus locking them out).
9. Our CEO is resisting open source, but we're all working on him ;)
@_date: 2014-09-17 01:08:00
Our issued patent will be made available in November.
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:34:23
This is our temporary email until we get our corporate site up and running. Sorry if you don't trust the use of Gmail, we'll take note of that.
@_date: 2014-09-17 01:06:20
I gave an example that involves Cartesian planes and simple high school math that does a great job of illustrating what's going on under the hood. Unfortunately, we cannot go much deeper into how the process works. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:58:01
Yes the patent was filed quite a long time ago, and it was recently granted by the US Patent and Trademark office. To explain it to you a bit more clearly than the abstract, we take the private key and destroy it. But before we destroy it, some data is generated that is useless individually, but useful when combined. To illustrate it better, think of a Cartesian plane (yes some high school math is required!). Any straight line can be defined by the function f(x) = ax +b. The function f(x) can also be defined by two sets of points, (x1, y1) and (x2, y2). These two sets of points can also define the line WITHOUT f(x). However, if you only have one set of points such as (x1,y1), you cannot guess the other set (x2,y2) and you cannot guess f(x). Now imagine that the f(x) is the private key, and the points are the pieces of data that are kept before deleting the key. 
Next, we send the different bits of data to different locations. One location is the phone, another the blockchain, and the final piece the user's memory. The memory portion is the breakthrough, because even if your phone was stolen the thief wouldn't be able to recreate the private keys without what you know in your head. What you have in your head is a password in the form of a gesture, which can be many things such as connecting dots in a pattern. The other unique feature we'll be using is Touch ID to verify the identity of the gesture input, so even if the thief steals your phone and knows your gesture, he won't have your fingerprint to verify that it's the right person and thus won't be granted access to your bitcoins. Pretty cool, huh?
As for the tardiness, we apologize but we had several important meetings and were also busy implementing changes you and other Reddit users were suggesting. But we'll always be around, and we look forward to more of your feedback!
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:32:48
Thank you for your opinions. We believe that our wallet will be the world's first secure Bitcoin wallet because currently there are no wallets that can hold that claim under scrutiny. Here's the link to our patent so you can see for yourself: 
We agree with you that Wix does not give a good first impression, but it's the best we can do at the moment. Our corporate website still isn't ready for the public, but we'll definitely work harder on it to get it out faster.
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:36:52
Great feedback, thank you. We've updated our URL to include our new domain name:  We hope this fixes some of the issues. As for the buzzwords, we believe in every word we said and don't think we're exaggerating. Here's a link to our patent to see for yourself: 
Thanks again.
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:25:24
Understood. Our corporate website isn't currently ready for launch, so we'll be using Wix until then. We did, however, update our domain name based on feedback we got here. We hope this fixes some of the issues you were having.
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:42:29
Thank you for your honest feedback gwesio. Unfortunately Wix and Gmail are necessary evils at this point, but as soon as our corporate website is up we'll be switching to corporate emails and retire Wix. As for the description on the About page, we'll update it with more information to better explain Bitcoin. Thanks again!
@_date: 2015-05-04 23:09:15
That's a great question. We split the key to take advantage of geographically dispersing its parts. There is no single weak link to hack in this approach, unlike using the gesture as a seed where having knowledge of the gesture is all a hacker needs. The gesture, as we use it, is just a benign derivative that is owner based and not stored. The person, their phone, and iCloud are all required to be breached since each individually secures non-sensitive pieces of data (we previously described them as derivatives to the key).
@_date: 2015-05-04 23:39:19
Thank you to everyone who posed a question or gave their opinion, they were all great and started an enlightening debate. We hope to keep it going.
We'd like to state once again that we are seeking beta testers, so if you're interested message us or sign up on our website. 
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:23:18
In its current form, the gesture is 600 bits.
Edit: If you want to brute force it, that will take 2^600 attempts.
@_date: 2015-05-04 23:26:10
Multisig secures keys by using an active third party to participate in a transaction, it does not protect each individual key. With ATOMBIT Wallet you control your keys at all times since key use is not possible without you, and you don't need to rely on a third party. Furthermore, multisig has some inconveniences and disadvantages. Secondary (multi owner) addresses must be created (and funded) and you need to keep control of at least 2 in order to back out of a multisig transaction if it's not completed. With ATOMBIT, none of this is necessary. In fact you will soon be able to do escrow type transactions with key co-ownership and secure key ownership transfers (effectively transferring fund ownership off the blockchain between wallets).
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:43:22
Kudos for finding the patent! Zeropasswords currently has two implementations of the patent on the market today. The first one is based on Shamir's Secret Sharing in a finite field (polynomials), and the second implementation is based on elliptic curves. So you are partially correct.
We don't, however, lock the gesture on the device. The gesture only exists in the user's memory, and never anywhere else. That is the essence of the patent.
@_date: 2015-05-05 04:31:14
At this present time, our public beta is only testing on iOS devices. That includes both iPhones and iPads.
@_date: 2015-05-04 23:10:43
The wallet will be free to download and use for all.
@_date: 2015-05-04 22:16:27
The malicious actor would have to purchase many accounts to make it worthwhile, which is a deterrent from the very beginning. If he persists, he would have to be sure that the PayPal accounts he purchased are all verified. This might not be cost effective considering that each account has a binary outcome: he either gets $25 or $0. If he decides to continue and performs the fraudulent act, the victims will get an email immediately stating that a purchase order has been made from their PayPal account. During this time, no money has been pulled from their accounts. They then have time to react by canceling the order, saving us from fulfilling a fraudulent purchase. Thieves have to weigh risk vs reward, and we believe that the reward isn't high enough to attract many bad actors. However, we'll only know once the service is fully launched.
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:33:28
Care to elaborate?
@_date: 2015-05-04 23:22:22
We are 100% self-funded.
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:29:41
The amount of work required on the thief's part is enormous. First they would have to be next to the victim, meaning they can no longer steal bitcoin from home. Next, they have to watch the user to obtain knowledge of their gesture. We've integrated Touch ID into ATOMBIT, meaning that if the person uses their fingerprint instead of drawing their gesture the thief may never be able to see it. If the thief somehow manages to see the gesture and memorizes it, they still have to steal the person's phone and know how to unlock it. Finally, they are restricted by time once they are in possession of the person's phone since once the victim realizes their phone is missing they can lock their account remotely. It almost makes it seem worth getting a job.
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:07:12
We'd be happy to explain how we recreate private keys to you. We omitted it from the original post because we felt it would make it too long, but we're happy there's interest!
Before we delete the private key (and yes, it really is deleted), we use a mathematical function to create derivatives of data to the key. We call this "splitting the key," but it's not done the conventional way. These derivatives have no direct relation to the key, meaning that on their own they are useless (and why we call them benign). You need ALL the derivatives to recreate the private key, 1/3 or 2/3 won't do it.
Where these derivatives go is critical. One derivative goes to a server (iCloud), and is encrypted by another derivative that is stored in your memory. The derivative in your memory is the knowledge of a gesture, which is simply a connection of colored dots that you initially created. When you want to make a transaction, you recreate your gesture to decrypt the derivative on the iCloud, which is then combined with a derivative on your phone to recreate the key.
We hope this answered your question, but are happy to go into more detail if there's further interest.
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:21:20
While we don't fully understand what BitGo has done or is trying to do, it seems that they are trying to patent the multi-signature process. We understand why this would be upsetting to many in the Bitcoin community, especially since it began as an open source project. Zeropasswords has a patent on how to recreate keys, which we think is a truly novel idea that no one else has thought of. We know the people behind Zeropasswords and they worked very hard with limited resources to get to where they are. We don't see them patenting their own original idea as a negative.
HD wallets have some similarities to ATOMBIT, but also key differences. First, HD wallets use a phrase to **recover** wallets. Most HD wallets still store private keys while they are being used, which leaves private keys open to theft. It has been shown that dictionary databases can be used to guess these recovery phrases, making them not secure. It is inherently a single point of failure system, and we do not advise to use them. Finally, it is not convenient to remember a long phrase and we don't believe it is a solution that will be adopted by many, especially the mainstream. Writing it down makes it even less secure, and there is always the possibility of losing the piece of paper. 
ATOMBIT requires the user's phone and knowledge of what's in his memory. This makes it nearly impossible to steal his bitcoins. And ATOMBIT users don't need to worry about losing their phones. Their funds are fully recoverable when they get a new phone.
EDIT: grammar
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:53:49
If a phone that uses Clef is stolen, the security is stolen with it. If a phone that uses Zeropasswords is stolen, security remains in tact. Simply get a new phone, download your backup, and continue using as if nothing happened. In addition, Clef's servers are a third-party that authenticates users for websites. It is unlikely that  websites will trust a third-party for such an important task. And finally, Clef uses comparisons (shared secrets) to authenticate. Zeropasswords does not use comparisons, and there are no stored passwords (thus the name).
You can find a lot more information on their [website]( that answers your questions in much more detail. Happy reading!
@_date: 2016-03-27 04:24:15
Hi 0asis25,
Good question! We've had thousands of customers use our services, many of them repeatedly, and they are not subject to account suspension as a result. Buying and selling bitcoins is not disallowed on PayPal as it is widely believed, and PayPal is fully aware of what we're doing. If you attempt to defraud a merchant and are discovered of doing so, then your account may be suspended or worse. These cases are rare, however, and you shouldn't be worried about running into any issues.
We hope this answers your question, and we're available for any others you may have.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2014-09-16 23:08:01
We'd be happy to explain it to you further. The patent that was granted does not include elliptic curve math because that's only used to generate the public key(s) from the randomly generated private key, like any other Bitcoin wallet. What our patent is used for is what happens after the private and public keys have been generated. The public key is made available to anyone and does not have to be protected, so we leave it be. The private key, however, must be protected and that's what our technology is used for.
Our idea of protecting the private key is to destroy it and mathematically recreate it. The way we destroy a key is by splitting it mathematically into two or more derivatives (points on a line). Then the actual key is deleted, keeping only the derivatives which are distributed in various geographic locations. One of the geographic locations will always be the blockchain. To recreate a key, all derivatives must be gathered and used mathematically in reverse. Take note that if you have less than the required number of derivatives, the key cannot be recreated. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 21:39:44
We are limiting the amount of purchasable bitcoins to $25 to begin with, and purchases can only be made once every 24 hours. Purchases are also only limited to verified PayPal accounts. We wage it is not worth a scammer's time to defraud us of $25, but we are prepared to take hits. As we grow, we hope to attract more legitimate customers and gain a reputation that detracts scammers.
We spoke with PayPal, and they had a warm reaction to our proposal. We add a shipment tracker (links to Blockchain.info) to each purchase, which PayPal is happy about. As long as charge backs don't become common, they will play nice. Also, the separation of PayPal from eBay and their soon-to-be friendly Bitcoin policy is encouraging as we go forward.
@_date: 2015-08-21 20:44:10
Hi ratheresay, thank you for your great questions. While you are correct in saying that if someone were able to fetch all the information then they would be able to recreate the key, the same can be said for a multi-sig transaction. What makes fetching information from more than one place more secure is the difficulty it creates. Now hackers need to attack multiple points, but first they need to learn where to look and know what they are looking for once they are there. 
What makes our solution unique from multi-sig is even if a hacker was able to collect all the information that is stored on hardware, they will never be able to get the final piece of information they need from the owner's memory (i.e. the gesture). The gesture is also not guessable as it has a very high level of entropy, making our solution hacker proof.
@_date: 2015-07-11 09:42:28
[ATOMBIT Wallet]( just released an update that includes floating fees, as well as an option to make transactions high priority. 
@_date: 2015-08-21 20:49:10
Hi monkeytimba,
Thank you for your feedback! We're happy you enjoyed the purchasing experience, and we appreciate the high praise. You are correct that our fee is about 4%, though this changes depending on your location since PayPal's fee changes. We are working hard to lower this fee to make the purchasing feature more accessible.
As for the gesture based interface, we are going to be introducing new types of gestures in the near future that we hope will make it simpler. For now, if you are using a Touch ID enabled device you can replace the gesture with your fingerprint.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-08-23 10:55:22
Hi mmdada,
Thank you for writing to us with your concern. We are looking into your issue and will get back to you within 24 hours with a possible fix.
Thank then for your patience and support, and we apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused you.
- The ATOMBIT team 
@_date: 2015-07-11 10:20:37
Hi bitskeptic,
We know it may sound a little suspicious that we are able to facilitate bitcoin purchases without any verification process of our own, but that's because we leveraged PayPal's verification process. Anyone can purchase bitcoins from us for an amount below $25 CAD in value with an unverified PayPal account. However for larger amounts (up to $100 CAD), we require you to be verified. Also, purchases can only be made once every 24 hours.
Keep in mind that this service is not meant for large bitcoin purchases or trading. Rather, it's to help introduce Bitcoin to the average person with a familiar technology (PayPal) from the comfort of their home.
 
We'd be happy to answer any questions you may have.
@_date: 2015-07-29 17:22:30
Hi TheFlipperMC,
If you have an iOS device (iPhone, iPad, iPod) you can buy up to $100 worth of bitcoins every 24 hours with [ATOMBIT Wallet]( using your verified PayPal account. 
Give it a try and let us know if this solution works for you!
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-07-11 15:12:55
There's no need for a recovery phrase because we use iCloud to backup some benign data that is automatically recovered when you re-install the app. The private keys themselves are never stored on any server, including ours or Apple's. In fact, private keys don't exist until they are recreated to sign a transaction, only to be deleted again. What happens is they are reconstructed from geographically separated data that is individually useless. This data is mathematically generated from the private keys using Zeropasswords' patented technology. 
You can check out their [website]( and [patent]( if you'd like to learn more. 
@_date: 2016-09-24 02:46:45
Hi SeABeaF,
When are you seeing the message "authentication failed"?
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-09-08 21:37:17
You are correct in that it is required to regenerate the private keys each time a transaction is being formed because they are needed to sign for proof of ownership. In our case the private keys are regenerated by the owner, and only the owner can regenerate them. Why? Because he has his phone and the knowledge of something (a gesture), and both the phone and the gesture are required to recreate the key. Individually they are useless. This means the hacker now needs to steal the phone in addition to guessing/finding the gesture before the victim locks him out by wiping the phone remotely. 
We've integrated Zeropasswords by using their key regenerating technology. They've decided to penetrate the market with this technology by solving the login issue (i.e. no more passwords). They do this by encrypting a person's profile, and then only the owner of that profile can decrypt it because only he can regenerate the key. When the profile is decrypted, he has "logged in." We think it's a brilliant new approach, and we saw a perfect fit with Bitcoin since private keys are so vital in its security model.
If you have any other questions, we'd be happy to answer them.
@_date: 2015-09-07 19:52:04
Hi Devam13,
Thank you for your interest in ATOMBIT Wallet. What we mean by destroying private keys is that we delete them from the user's phone and don't keep them backed up. So when it's deleted, it really doesn't exist anywhere! We can do this because we discovered a startup called Zeropasswords that figured out a way to recreate private keys from benign data in a hack-proof way. We got an exclusive license from them to apply their amazing technology to Bitcoin, and the rest is history!
Unfortunately we are only available on iOS at this time, but we have plans to be on Android in the near future. If you'd like to learn more we encourage you to visit our [website]( or [Zeropasswords'](
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-09-06 18:23:31
If you're interested in trying a wallet that doesn't require remembering a recovery phrase, we recommend you check us out on the [App Store!](
@_date: 2015-09-07 04:04:35
At the moment we are not open source, but if we decide to do so in the future we will make our announcement here. 
@_date: 2015-09-07 19:21:33
Hi eragmus,
Thank you for your comments. We believe in trustless software, which is what makes Bitcoin so appealing to us. That is why our wallet gives all of the control to our users, so even if we stop existing tomorrow you will be unaffected. Our security model is based on empowering our users to be able to delete and recreate their private keys. This means that your private keys are never stored anywhere, and only you have the ability to sign your transactions because only you can recreate the key. This unique functionality has been patented, which is why our software is not open source. However, if we can find a way to open source it in the future we will immediately do so.
If you'd like to learn more, we invite you to visit our [website](
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-09-08 21:41:01
Thank you for your feedback and comments. We have been working hard, and will continue, to improve on the key points you've identified. The security model we're leading with is definitely a complicated topic that needs to be carefully approached, so don't feel bad about not understanding. Even some security experts took a long time to come to grips with the idea, but when they did they were all equally amazed. 
Keep an eye out for us over the coming months as we improve our websites and add more features to the wallet.
@_date: 2015-09-06 18:31:26
Do you have an iOS device? If so, you can purchase BTC from us - [ATOMBIT Wallet]( No extra verification needed, and your BTC is guaranteed to be delivered in less than 24 hours (and usually within the hour!). 
Check us out!
@_date: 2015-09-06 20:34:27
Technically you are signing with your private key, but for simplicity sake we say public key since that is what we display in the message. For example: 
-----BEGIN BITCOIN SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hello world!
-----BEGIN BITCOIN SIGNATURE-----
Address: 1AKYGPBwJcUGuQLU9vE1oXRfznin7FNLqQ
-----END BITCOIN SIGNATURE-----
@_date: 2015-09-06 20:55:27
If you have a PayPal account and an iOS device, you can buy bitcoins from us - [ATOMBIT Wallet]( If you have any questions, we'd be happy to answer them.
@_date: 2015-11-10 18:44:51
Hi idiotdidntdoit,
Thanks for giving us a try! New buyers are required to check the email they use with their PayPal account within 24 hours of purchasing and respond to a message we sent. Only then are your bitcoins released and funds pulled from your PayPal account. For any purchases after the first one this step is skipped and bitcoins are sent automatically, usually in minutes. 
Once bitcoins have been sent to your wallet (or if you import an account), you can see the details by pressing the ATOMBIT logo on the main screen and selecting "Details." To see the transaction history of your PayPal purchases, you can login to your PayPal account on a browser and monitor from there.
If you have any other questions or concerns, don't hesitate to contact us!
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-11-21 20:29:18
Hi markcoll,
We're not sure what you mean by, "the ability to rebuild the private key is the private key." Can you please elaborate? 
Thank you.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-09-06 18:27:35
If you have an iOS device and a PayPal account, you can purchase up to $100 CAD every 24 hours from us - [ATOMBIT Wallet]( No extra verification needed, and your BTC is guaranteed to be delivered in less than 24 hours (and usually within the hour!). 
Check us out!
@_date: 2015-11-11 02:01:53
Yes we only accept CAD for now as we are a Canadian startup, but we plan on adding USD and EUR in the coming months. If you make a purchase PayPal will automatically convert it to CAD, so you don't have to worry about that.
In the settings of the app, the currency change corresponds to the denomination you want to interface with. That is to say what Bitcoin price you want displayed and what currency you want to see your funds in.
We hope that clears it up!
@_date: 2015-11-10 21:12:55
Hi Takates,
We've made Touch ID/Passcode a requirement since people have had issues remembering their gestures. By leveraging Apple's security system, you can more easily authenticate transactions and recover your gesture if forgotten. Trust us, it's a horrible feeling if you can't remember it! 
Edit: Also, since you are dealing with money we feel obliged to enforce the need for a device passcode. We pride ourselves on security and don't want anyone's money lost while using our app, ever! 
@_date: 2015-11-21 21:00:44
We did in fact thank you for reading the user guide in our first email, but it now seems that you read it after the fact or not closely enough. 
We do not blame our customers for anything, it is your prerogative to choose to provide that information or not and we completely understand why you wouldn't. That's why we offered you an alternative solution that did not require any sensitive information to be exchanged, but that too was turned down by you. At that point we had no options left since you told us that the app and all of its data had been deleted by you. Any chances of a recovery were lost at that point.
We needed access to your iCloud data so we could see if recovering your keys would be possible and to determine if you had deleted the data manually or not. The screenshot you provided hinted that you most likely deleted the data manually, which we were able to assume based on our past experiences and knowledge of the software.
- The ATOMBIT team 
EDIT: Grammar
@_date: 2015-10-23 20:36:45
Hi jinwoonlee,
We're happy to see your interest in ATOMBIT Wallet! When it comes to security, we are unique in the Bitcoin space. Not only are private keys entirely owned and controlled by the user, but they are also not stored anywhere on or outside of their device. Instead, users delete and recreate their keys. This eliminates the possibility of losing or having them stolen, and it's a feature most of our users appreciate. 
In case you didn't know, we're also the only wallet that allows you to purchase BTC with your PayPal account without any verification. Just download, choose an amount, and the bitcoins arrive directly to your wallet!
If you have any questions you'd like for us to answer, we'd be more than happy to oblige.
- The ATOMBIT team
@_date: 2015-11-21 20:27:58
Hi nsdq13,
As stated in our email exchange from last night, deleting or corrupting your iCloud data will always result in the loss of access to your private keys. We offered to further investigate the issue by asking for your consent to access your account, which you emphatically refused. We then offered an alternative by giving you the option to install a TestFlight version of the app that would accomplish the same task (but in a more complicated manner). 
Since you corrupted the iCloud data, and since we do not have a copy of this data (it is made clear that only our users have access to it and that we never do), we are not responsible for a refund.
Next time please read the user guide carefully, and never delete data when you are unsure what it is for. In this case, the data you deleted was vital for recovering your private keys.
Also, we did not say that we would have refunded you if you did not threaten us. What we said was if you were honest with us from the beginning, we would have refunded you like we've normally done for our customers in the past when they made a mistake and lost access to their funds. 
- The ATOMBIT team 
EDIT: Grammar