@_author: atraininprint
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:03:08
Please note that this is not THAT Newsweek, it is a deficient reincarnation of what was once a pillar of journalistic responsibility. As such, it would never have published this story this way, or that journalist, in any way. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:52:20
This story and that journalist would never have made it into print in the old (real) Newsweek. That was a news magazine that prided itself on the truth. This is a ripoff of the name and has proven, with its first issue, to be a National Enquirer wannabee. How sad for those of us who appreciated the old (real) Newsweek.
@_date: 2014-03-07 12:08:17
No. The old Newsweek, the real one, was published by the Washington Post, then sold off to the Daily Beast. They killed it. This is an online group IBT who simply bought the title. Unfortunately, none of the sound, serious journalism of the old (real) Newsweek came with the title. This incarnation, is a poor imitation, with shoddy journalism and all the gravitas of the National Enquirer.  I can only repeat, this story and that journalist would never have made it into print in the old (real) Newsweek. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:03:18
First of all, this is not THAT Newsweek. Of course this is not a stunt. It's foolish to insinuate that it even could be. But, this is also not a quality reporter in the old (real) Newsweek tradition. There is not a single fact here that points to the truth. It is all conjecture and circumstantial. And it is all conjecture and circumstantial from a journalist who could never have published this in the old (the real) Newsweek. I would love to see some confirmation from the police officers who were witness to her discussion with this man that it took place, word for word, the way she reported it. Her quotes are too pat. My gut says this story will fall apart in the next 48-72 hours.  It just doesn't pass the smell test, something the old (real) Newsweek was very good at. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:26:42
Neither should any responsible journalist, or journalism organization, be okay with this. The house, car and plates photos are absolutely out of bounds. Red card offenses. Tracking down the real Nakamoto is a legitimate story. But this was done with no understanding of what serious journalism is all about. Not only has the reporter and this version of Newsweek (which is not the same as the old, highly responsible Newsweek) done a great injustice to this Mr. Nakamoto (whether or not he's the inventor of bitcoin), they have done an equally great injustice to serious journalism.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:26:40
What did this Mr. Satoshi actually say to the journalist? What did the police officer actually say to the journalist? There's a simple way to find out. As a working journalist of long standing, I never ever go anywhere without my recorder. Every single interview is ALWAYS recorded. If the Newsweek journalist did not record her meeting, then she's an amateur and not to be trusted. If she did record her talk with Mr. Satoshi and the police officers, all she has to do to verify her version of events is release those recordings. It would not be unethical to do so. If, on the other hand, she refuses, then I believe that (short of her editor and an uninterested third party listening to them to confirm that her accounting of those conversations is correct) she has something to hide. It's no more complicated than that.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:01:30
It's not a win-win for the journalist. She's put her reputation on the line with a story that was poorly researched, is based on nothing more than conjecture and circumstantial evidence, and in which she comes across as less than responsible. This is a very self-satisfying, self-promotional story that does not satisfy the principles of serious journalism. If... when... it all falls apart in the next 48-72 hours, which I predict it will, her career prospects will hang on this. The dustbins of serious journalism are filled with reporters who have pulled stunts exactly like this, and been outed. All it will take is one of those cops to say it didn't happen this way, and her career is over. She could get in front of the story by releasing her interview tapes... serious journalists record everything... and at least letting the world hear what her questions were that brought forth the quoted responses she used. My bet is, those tapes will never be heard. That's red flag enough to tell you everything you need to know about this (sadly deficient) reincarnation of the great Newsweek, and this journalist.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:40:02
Responsible journalism requires that they be his exact words and that they also be put into context. Unless she produces the recordings of this interview, there will always (rightfully so) be doubt.