@_author: atsocnam
@_date: 2019-03-22 03:58:59
!lntip 1000
@_date: 2019-03-22 03:58:36
This is super cool, congrats!
@_date: 2019-02-07 12:57:57
If you don’t worry about using a custodial wallet for lightning you can download BlueWallet for iOS or Android. It’s really cool how well it works. To me it doesn’t bother me that it’s custodial because of the amounts of money I keep in there. For non custodial, simple solutions are being built, we’re not far really from having them. Still the usability is going to be a bit worst than custodial wallet until some details are solved.
@_date: 2019-02-07 16:36:28
I do have a lightning node setup also but the usability is a lot worst. The main issue is your ability to receive. When you create a lightning wallet you have no ability to receive (or send for that matter). You start by opening a channel with some nod and now you can Send up to the amount you put in the channel but you still can’t receive because the channel has all balance on your side. You then need to unbalance your channel. That can happen by simply spending money and then whatever you spent, you can receive back. But if you just want to set up a node for receiving you’re in a pickle. What you can do is to use a service like ZigZag where you make a lightning payment and they send you back on chain bitcoin. You basically keep your bitcoin in your on chain wallet and you fully moved your balance to the other side of the channel on lightning. You pay a fee for that transaction though but you now can receive, although limited by how much your channel was worth. With a custodial wallet they keep pretty big channels open and they have a ton of money on the other side of channels already. That means you can install and receive a big sum of money (limited by bluewallet channel capacity) right after installing the app instead of having to go through a manual process that takes a couple of hours (waiting for confirmations mostly) and being limited by whatever capacity you added to your channel. My conclusion is that right now custodial Waller’s are simply WAY better if you can live with the fact that you’re not in full control, which is generally an acceptable thing when you’re keeping a small sum in there.
@_date: 2019-02-08 13:17:45
There are various ways to eventually have receiving capabilities no doubt but my argument was just that it takes a bit of work and/or time right now.
On a custodial wallet you can receive right away. An interesting use case is for someone who doesn’t even hold any bitcoin at all and is new to the technology. They can download a custodial lightning wallet and you can send them some Satoshi to show them how cool it is.
I’m not advocating at all that non custodial lightning wallets suck or should not be used, I’m just saying that right now custodial are very cool and have an acceptable risk of loss for me. Same way that I’m not against any type of custodial storage of on chain bitcoin either. To me the important part is not that everyone is running a full node and being completely sovereign. The important part is choice! With fiat we don’t have the choice, it’s always controlled by someone else and that’s the real issue.
With that choice people can do whatever they want depending on their risk acceptance criteria. 
I in particular obviously store any non trivial amounts of bitcoin safely with all the precautions. But for everyday money to settle debts between friends for example I use bluewallet all the time, and I’ve been very successful at convincing people to use it.
I do also run 2 lightning nodes for experimentation mostly as I do some development in my free time but exactly because of that I realize that current non custodial lightning nodes are not ready for user mass adoption. The good news is that progress is going really fast and soon they will likely be able to compete.