@_author: attackpug
@_date: 2017-11-25 05:50:21
Every time I eat anything I enjoy I have to hate myself and the rest of the world is happy to hate me too.
That said, define skinny. I had one nerdy friend who used to go everywhere with a 2 liter of Mountain Dew under his arm. He didn't exercise at all, played games all day. Skinny, no matter what. Problem is he also was built like a cross between Gollum and Ed Sheeran, minus all the good parts of the Sheeran equation. Trust me, it wasn't helping the poor sod. So.
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:37:46


Pretty much. The Bitcoin Train left a while ago. $30 worth of BTC would have turned into a tidy sum if you bought when the train was leaving. Now? It would appear that the value has mostly leveled off, and the chance for large gains has passed. People who weren't on the train are now scanning the horizon for the sort of opportunity that BTC represented, the kind that turns $30 into $300 or more. 
Likewise, mining was, for just a minute, something you could throw your gaming computer at and make enough BTC with your hardware to even put yourself through college, provided you held on. Again, that opportunity is gone. Even Ethereum seems past its opportunity date as values soar.
That leaves BTC as a strange cryptocurrency that people still don't understand, one whose investment value is akin to regular stocks and other vehicles. It's not a money printing machine anymore, and people need money printing machines. BTC itself is a hassle to get, convert, and spend, much as stocks are, and the risk is on the holder. You may as well buy stocks. BTC is still only at it's most useful moving money around behind the governments back, except even that statement is probably not true, I'm sure governments are well aware. So now even that advantage is suspect. 
I'm afraid Bitcoin is the victim of its own success as far as generating new interest goes. Those capable of wrangling the complications of investment don't see the potential for gain, and those new to the entire concept would still rather rely on traditional investments they can understand.