@_author: au_contraire_mon_ami
@_date: 2013-03-08 13:35:02
Actually that is how statistics works.  What ragmondo stated is the expected value of a geometric distribution, which is simply 1 divided by the probability.  The low probability results in a very high variance, which means that it is very unlikely to find a block on exactly the 208th day, but over a long enough period of time you would expect his average to be 208 days per block.  
Your calculations are correct, but they don't disprove ragmondo's claim.  The lowest possible probability for finding a block less than or equal to the expected value is 63.2 percent.  If the odds were one in a trillion, then the expected value would be a trillion days and you would have about a 63.2% chance of finding a block before or on the trillionth day.  That is how you find the constant e.  You take 1 divided by an infinitesimally small number and put that answer as the exponent of 1 minus that infinitesimally small number and then divide 1 by that answer.  
For example:  1/(.999999999^1,000,000,000) = ~e  
1 - 1/e = ~63.2%
@_date: 2013-03-23 03:52:46
It weighs about as much as Microsoft Windows or Call of Duty.  What's the price per ounce for a copy of Portal off Steam?
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:03:14
Here is my attempt to make sense of this.  There is a slight conspiracy theory tone because I originally wrote this for some of my friends that are into that stuff.
Al Gore is in it for Al Gore. He doesn't give two shits about the Rothschilds or the Bilderbergers or any of those. If Al Gore sees something that he can use to give more money and control to Al Gore, then he is going to embrace that thing. The underlings of the bankers have no love for their masters. If Al Gore thinks he can make 1000X on his investment while simultaneously destroying the current ruling class, then of course he is going to do that.
Part of the elegance of Bitcoin is that the security is powered by greed. It is greed that has driven the mining collective to be 25X more powerful than the world's fastest supercomputer. Even if someone were to put together enough computing power to challenge the rest of the network, then it would be more in their interest to just mine the coins since they'd be finding more than half of all new coins. Almost everybody that understands the potential of Bitcoin is going to discover that it is in their own personal interest to invest in and promote Bitcoin rather than try to destroy it.
The most obvious exception to this is the higher up bankers. They are not dark wizards that live on a mountain top. They are just a bunch of feeble old men. Their power exists only as long as their underlings will do what they command.
Another exception are the philosophical Keynesians. This includes people like Ben Bernanke and Paul Krugman. They are not tempted by riches because their world view blinds them from seeing the potential of Bitcoin. They are more concerned with being right than they are with making money. Their egos are on the line.
The third group that would want to destroy Bitcoin is the gold bugs. This includes people like Alex Jones and Peter Schiff. As much as we like to call them the good guys, they are still in it for themselves. The widespread acceptance of Bitcoin would almost certainly hurt the gold trade. Many of Alex's sponsors would not appreciate him promoting Bitcoin for that reason. Schiff's business is based very heavily on the gold trade and he would undoubtedly take a hit from Bitcoin's success. I don't expect these guys to try to actively destroy Bitcoin, but I wouldn't doubt that they are secretly wishing for its demise. They are also probably smart enough to buy some bitcoins just in case, but not mention it.
Al Gore is good to get the dominoes falling. One by one, enough greedy bastards will see the potential. It might be in the best interest of the government to destroy Bitcoin, but the government is just made up of individuals. Those individuals are not interested in giving the government more power. They are only interested in giving themselves more power. If Bitcoin offers those individuals a better deal than the government, then DC could burn for all they care. 
@_date: 2013-03-18 02:41:58
There are two meanings of "unaffected".  One of them means:
"not affected, acted upon, or influenced; unchanged; unaltered: The laboratory clock remained accurate, unaffected by the explosion."
The link you provided doesn't actually give a definition for "uneffected".  The only definition of "effect" on there that is even a verb is:
"to produce as an effect; bring about; accomplish; make happen: The new machines finally effected the transition to computerized accounting last spring."
That doesn't really fit with the context originally used by gizram84 as well as the definition for "unaffected".  Both "not affected" and "unaffected" are acceptable and do fit the original context.  
"Affect" is the verb that causes an "effect", which is a noun.
@_date: 2013-12-27 03:13:29
It is not Li Ka-Shing saying that Bitcoin service firms are a better investment than Bitcoin itself.  Just some John Greenwood guy making a guess.  There is no reason to believe that Ka-Shing has not also bought bitcoins.  This whole article is just the opinion of somebody other than Ka-Shing.  It sounds like just an attempt to downplay good news.
@_date: 2013-11-10 18:44:43
Deflation is not a problem.  People still buy lots of electronics despite knowing that the price will come down sharply within a year and even better products will be available.  Watch how many people buy a Playstation 4 this year even though everybody knows the price will go down significantly in a few years.  That's because we are all on borrowed time.  We want to enjoy things now because we don't have forever.  
And if people are hungry, then they are certainly going to buy food no matter what the deflation rate is.  
I do, however, also disagree with the notion that "btc price will stabalise long before it's widely accepted".  Bitcoin has to be widely accepted before the price will see any sort of stability.
@_date: 2013-03-25 03:22:07
I convinced my 63 year old mother to invest $300 when bitcoins were around $7 each.  She cashed out $500 worth at around $40 per bitcoin and still has over $2000 worth.  My step dad was pretty skeptical at first, but now wants to buy some.  
@_date: 2013-03-08 14:11:43
This guy has a more detailed explanation:
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:06:31
Same here.
@_date: 2013-03-25 03:43:17
Also, even with my mom making almost 10X on her investment, my step dad was still skeptical.  What convinced him was that I had my mom print out Satoshi's white paper for him.  I think it appealed to his engineer sensibilities.  He could then see it as a good idea and not a bunch of tulips.  
@_date: 2013-03-08 13:52:33
I should say that that is one way of finding e.  From looking at the Wikipedia page on on "e", what I did is not the standard method.  I just discovered that by accident while trying to make sense of this problem.  This is a better explanation than my way.  Basically the same, but cleaner.
As n approaches infinity (1 + 1/n)^n = e
@_date: 2013-03-25 03:32:20
I think that Bitcoin would require the taxi drivers and such folk to know all about it for it to not be a bubble.  It may not be good for Apple to have taxi drivers talking about its stock value, but it is definitely good for Apple if taxi drivers are talking about iPhones.  With Bitcoin, the investment and the product are the same thing.  It is, however, important that people understand the utility and potential utility of Bitcoin rather than just something thats value is going up.  
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:35:45
The government (and the banks) are just made up of individuals.  If those individuals see opportunity to profit personally, then they will take advantage of it.  Bernanke isn't for making the government richer.  He's for making Bernanke richer.  Same goes for all of them.  Bitcoin's security is powered by greed.  That's what drives the mining and that is what will protect it from legislation.