@_author: audiosoul
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:11:41
Ok thank you!  So a follow up question, I see people having multiple accounts, why is there a need to more than one?  And is your bitcoin address always the same, like an email address, or does it change person transaction?
@_date: 2019-03-01 07:41:14
This is awesome! I just found $500 owed to my Dad from what must be a good 30 years ago.
Edit: I checked with my dad and it is from almost 40 years ago!  He submitted the claim, so we'll see if it actually comes through.
@_date: 2018-02-03 20:39:00
Coinbase is garbage.  I can't even get to the the verification part.  As soon as I select the drivers license option, it doesn't let me upload anything and goes straight to a verification failed page.  This has been going on for over a month now.   I'm trying with Gemini as well, but they have been processing my verification for over 3 weeks.  
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:31:33
Thanks for taking the time to respond.  Please excuse my ignorance, I know this is really basic stuff.  I suspect there are others out there who want to dive in but are confused like I am.  So when I look at Mycelium on my phone it shows 2 accounts.  The first is the account that was established when I first set up Mycelium and is the account I had the bitcoin sent to.  The other is the account that was automatically created when I first plugged my ledger nano s into my phone to access it with Mycelium.  I sent the bitcoin from that first account to the second account (while the ledger nano s was plugged into the phone and being accessed by Mycelium).  Now, if I plug the ledger into my desktop and open it with the ledger bitcoin wallet (chrome extension) I see the balance there and all is well.  If I go back to my phone and open Mycelium (without the ledger nano s attached), I still see that second account showing the same balance as the ledger.  Are the bitcoin then accessible from the phone wallet and the ledger?
My goal is to acquire bitcoin using Mycelium on the phone and then to move everything over to the ledger where it's safe but to leave nothing on the phone that hackers (or whoever) could get to.
On a related note, did I have to send / receive and pay a mining fee to transfer the bitcoin to that second account, even though they are both my accounts?  Or is there some other way to transfer from one to the other?
Any further explanation or pointing in the direction of some good tutorials would be much appreciated, thanks!!
@_date: 2017-06-06 03:37:20
ok cool, thanks again!!