@_author: aujax92
@_date: 2017-10-12 15:44:05
Mainstream people are never going to use it.  Unless you're under 30, you probably don't even know what bitcoin is.
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:01:48
Banks are already investing into block chaining technology and with success of Etheruem and some other Cryptocurrencies, I'd say Bitcoin hardly has a corner on the market which was it's whole appeal, scarcity.
What I see more likely is banks adopting the technology (under major governmental regulations) and the world's currencies becoming more fluid, dollars being traded from a backyard in Chicago to a backyard in Shanghai.
@_date: 2017-10-13 15:27:48
I will admit I don't know alot about the subject but you only just proved what I was saying your first point about scarcity.  Gold will one day run out on Earth just like Bitcoin.
Second, I understand block chain technology but you missed my point.  For it to have real world value you have to be able to trade it for real world goods.  That's where the trusted broker comes in, to be able to trade reliably for those real world goods.  As it is right now, people are getting cheated out of Bitcoin everyday through shoddy transaction websites.
Third, I'm sure it will stablize but I don't see it going mainstream personally.  The institutions in place are too powerful and greedy to let Bitcoin become mainstream.
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:24:15


Ummm... as long as you live within a government's borders you live under their sovereignty, it's not tyranny in trying regulate how your country does business.
@_date: 2017-10-12 23:31:49
First off, you need a trusted broker for Bitcoin to have any value.  Being your own bank is fine and dandy if everyone trusted you but that's simply not the case.  Banks are already an established institution with more money than any Bitcoin broker, so if credit card companies or banks got involved in bitcoin, it would be game over, not saying that's going to happen, the established institutions much rather deal with stable currency.
Second, you cannot create new precious metals, you can mine it but once it's out it is out, that is the whole reason precious metals are valuable, scarcity.
I think Cryptocurrencies have a place and will survive well into the 21st century but they will remain as sort of a pseudo-black market currency that won't see much mainstream news except "omg did you hear Bitcoin hit 50k??" 