@_author: aulne
@_date: 2018-09-15 11:17:21
"The common consumer". So it's fine for someone else to have a shit product as long as it ups the price? This community man... Don't forget that btc's ultimate goal is for everyone to be a common consumer. And you're literally arguing against it.
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:39:19
When someone brings up the fact that a very large % of bitcoin is held by a very small % of addresses, you all say, but it's the exchanges. Gotta make up your minds and stick to one. You can't have your cake and eat it.
@_date: 2018-05-11 14:25:43
Yes but in the crypto world everyone is their own bank. You see what i'm saying?
@_date: 2018-05-18 19:25:45
First off you can't have bitcoin in 2014 to where the internet was in 1993 and then have btc in 2018 equal to where the internet was in '95-96. That's just not how technology works. Secondly if you pitch anything ( something like bitcoin) to 10 people, 1 will adopt the tech. Do it to 1billion people  and 100mil will use it. The burden of ever gathering more than the 10% adoption falls on you. And your best argument will always be the price in usd. You are promoting using a peer to peer electronic cash system instead of the traditional, and your best argument is the price on coinbase (fomo). 
@_date: 2019-03-02 14:52:52
A classic case of biting the hand that feeds you, and the very reason why bitcoin is doomed to fail. 
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. No one likes someone who is more successful then they are. It's the fucking core of the bitcoin philosophy. When  "btc investors" go to sleep at night they pray to their lord Satoshi, or Mr. Nakamoto, or Dr. Nakamoto (srsly how do you address him?) ..."and let no one in the space be more successful than I. Amen."
@_date: 2019-03-05 16:35:41
Anyone can buy bitcoin and wait some years to see if it has taken over the economy or if it crashed into nothingness. Educating people is a waste of time. How many do you think, know what electricity is or how it works? They just use it as intended and get on with their lives which probably have very little to do with learning about electricity. The concepts of op can be reduced to one word greed. All except one; that which has nothing to do with the human nature. These bitcoin influencers are really going out of their way to try and make their arguments sound as compelling and legit as possible. Basically saying: "Look at what we're doing... You're just dumb. The least you can do is imitate, fool!"
@_date: 2019-03-01 22:17:22
Is this really your hail Mary to increase the price of this shitcoin? Beware of the following FACT : they're (whoever the fuck they are- not your friends anyway) coming for you! Are you so blinded by greed that you forgot how politics works? Let the world go to shit and governments be the most evil shit in this universe as long as my shitcoin pumps enough so that i can buy a lambo to impress the blondie across the street and then fuck all y'all.  
Let me roughly approximate politics for you. In America you can just shoot the cunts and overtake them if they go haywire. In europe it's a bit more...painful, you've got to bare your chest, slowly walk forward and take some bullets, they'll mow you down until they won't. The ultimate power always lies with the people.
Politics will exist long after any memory of "money" is long gone from our brains and genes. If it ever hits 20k again just sell everything and never look back. Hail Mary!
 
@_date: 2019-03-14 09:34:54
Idgaf about what the intent behind ubi is. The political narrative remains unchanged and is what the rich have always used to turn the poor against each other (and away from them). I'm way more interested in the unintentional side effects. I see it as the next step in human evolution. All the instincts and conditioning that we have today as a species, everything we value, will change in our successors if and only if ubi gets implemented in some form or another. You wasting your breath by applying your present day values to what imo will be a whole new species.
@_date: 2019-03-12 19:11:51
Such a statement can only be made by either an imbecile or by someone who stands to make great (USD) profits because they're heavily invested in the asset.
First off: why? There's no rational motive why this should ever be the case.
Second off, if the fiat fail is real, if the greatest economists of the 18th through 21st century have been 100% wrong and have brought the whole world on the brink of collapse, why not just let everything fail, learn the fucking lesson and begin anew from scratch? Why extend the agony with this fucking abomination called bitcoin? I'd say it's worse in every way than what we have now, but you all have no fucking clue whether the monetary and political policies of bitcoin are even valid or sustainable in the long run. It's never been done before. Remember 20 years when you'd have to pay an arm and a leg to own a cell phone and make phone-calls? Nowadays technology is where it's virtually free. But you all want to bring back the $20 fee to make a phone call albeit through the almighty lightning network.omfg.
@_date: 2019-03-23 07:51:13
So where's the education? All I see is finger-pointing and whataboutism. West's go to fud and manipulation tactics. 
For all I know about their culture and politics they like it that way, and they chose to live like that. I can apply some common sense and say that the denser the population, the more crime there is. The way their society is organized, someone has to govern them offer them safe streets at night and all that bs. But you know how to do that better. All we do here is point the finger and call being different bad, by overlaying our values and morals on their way of life. What about china? yells the btc fanatics Buy bitcoin! It's still a price pump hypocrites.
@_date: 2019-03-19 08:28:02
It's sad how deluded you are. Crypto adoption is at what? 0.1%? First let me tell you about my cousin's friend. Yes it's anecdotal but still worth the food for thought in my opinion. He has a friend that graduated 5th best in his promotion from the best computer science univ in the world. IDK the specific detalis but throughout his years at uni, and his phd, he worked on projects funded by google. Multiple presentations on youtube, really cutting edge stuff that a normal person like me would never ever think about in their life. Ten years into his career and he still can't get a job "at google" (again idk the exact specifics). 
I'm saying that being at 0.1% adoption you've got the college dropouts (as your best devs) and the scammers working in this space. And you are calling out a company and a scammer for not doing the kumbaya with you all? This is permissionless FINANCE. It's going to get attacked non-stop. Technologically in software dev. anything you can imagine can become a reality. Imagine when it's more mainstream and the actual best coders will hit it hard, or imagine a coalition of states going against bitcoin. I think the odds are massively stacked against you. You say you're early and you re right. But I'm saying you're not early in the sense that you're going to take over the world, but early in the sense that you've still got toys to play with.  
@_date: 2018-06-26 09:09:43
I don't see it. First off bitcoin is not superior. You assume technological advancement. But l wonder how will that ever be achieved? Bitcoin right now, with 80% of its supply already mined, is a meritocracy. Which means that for anyone to expect a large chunk of btc to come their way, they'd have to be truly gifted in one way or another. So then, if you're so gifted, why not just print your own money anyway or spend your time on things that really matter. And with thousandsX  expected returns why would any holder part with such a valuable asset. I think first and foremost, bitcoin is philosophically flawed.
@_date: 2019-02-21 07:44:09
Maybe he is willing to offer help with setting up their bitcoin wallets. Or maybe willing to answer their faqs like : "What do i do with the 12 words on the back of this paper?" Why do you ask?
@_date: 2019-02-10 16:57:29
150 years ago aviation did not exist. And now it's a multi billion dollar industry. Not because the dollar increased its purchasing power to accomodate for aviation, but because more money was printed. Someone wanting to buy a chicken doesn't give a flying fuck about the emergence of aviation. If btc is going to survive the millenia (omfg) a deflationary currency (random forum post saying: "just lost keys to 25btc market better adjust". That's fucking retarded) will have to adapt to real world value created out of thin air by brilliant inventors. And you think you can just buy a bag and sit on it and become rich because geniuses will be born and do their thing? That's not how economy works and thank fuck that's not how economy works. 
@_date: 2019-02-01 14:16:39
The key flaw in your argument is that you fail to realize that evil/tyrannical governments are going out of style, and not coming into style. A thousand years ago 90% of the countries had a king now it's like 20% and dropping. I pulled the numbers out of my ass but i know i am right. The flaws in our society are being fixed not exacerbated because a) we are not a solitary species but a sociable one and b) evolution is working as intended on every level of human existence. Every generation is better off because it's built and it stands on the bones of it's predecessor. There may even be an endgame to all of this (who fucking knows?), where one generation is left standing. Forever. I think the internet is a much more helpful tool on that regard than bitcoin will ever be, it's a product of 2008 and it can't possibly have much more legs to it. We are evolv ...oh ffs. 
@_date: 2019-02-09 17:03:02
Literally the opposite of what the future of mankind looks like. Nowadays information travels faster than ever. You post something sweet or current on social it becomes yesterday's news in a couple of hours due to the ability to surf through hundreds of sources and get your fix of brain chemicals every second off of something different. In on one ear and out the other is now reality. The phrase "attention span" will soon become old english. Commitment and authenticity are undesirable traits when dealing with thousands of people in a few short minutes. How would you know  what to show commitment and authenticity to in order to appease everyone (mainstream bruh) ? Show results or gtfo! Bitcoiners used to be visionaries in 2010 but, as with everything else, their time has run out. 
@_date: 2019-02-01 19:41:50
When I was in college I had 10% of my net worth in beer. Granted, if it all went to 0, and I had no beer-gut to show for at all, I wouldn't have been able to pull the amount of pussy I'm pulling right now, but ffs man if btc flops, then they all flop, at the end of the day it's just code and the richest sobs will always be in btc. If they say lets get in on that cause it's better, than the whole utxo gets moved on to whatever beat btc technologically, and it will all be like we've never left this place. This fucking coin is like a hydra in of itself. Personally i 'd still not trade my beer gut for it but you do you you, it's your call. Chee ... hic!
@_date: 2019-02-12 07:46:44
You're the ones who should be scared. That means that they're putting their heads together trying to find a workaround your shitcoin. And they will they always have. I want to compare bitcoin to piracy, i realize that there's no financial incentives in piracy per se, like there is in bitcoin, but bear with me for a sec. Piracy went down a hunderedfold in the last 15 years because companies were created that solved many of the "hair on fire" problems. I don't feel like going into every fucking little detail but netflix, spotify, youtube fucking owned, all the while piracy has always sucked and it still sucks. Much like cryptocurrency does. These players are naming the game, creating content, adding value on their own terms while piracy is just there doing fuck all... unless you count losing users as doing something.
@_date: 2019-02-11 12:33:26
Ever since the Second computer was built, the merits, the value, and the expanded opportunities offered by a potential connection of it to the First computer were immediately realized. Every invention that stood the test of time was necessary bitcoin is redundant at best and certainly not necessary.
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:03:01
Our farts smell really really good, thanks for asking. But you'd have to think at some point ppl will have that fucking sliver of common sense to move completely, as far away as possible, from something that has an impressive and inexorable track record of  getting lost and disappearing into non exsistence long before we get down to that last fucking satoshi.
@_date: 2019-02-01 19:06:28
In the world as we know it, a big part of social status, credibility and support, is awarded by personal wealth (or implied  access to resources). If you're not seen as one with such possibilities you are worthless both as a prospective business partner and a potential m8 (mostly, by those who matter). Do you expect males to keep quiet about their wealth? WTF! Bold prediction: The $5 wrench is here to stay. 
@_date: 2019-02-09 19:20:03
That doesn't matter. The population itself is an inflating number.  A hundred years ago there were like 200 million people on earth. In the current economic paradigm every potential new member stands to bring new wealth. Be it through... I'm actually not even going to bother to list anything; the possibilities are endless cause they expand even beyond the solar system. How tf do you choose an abomination such as btc to represent the economic future of mankind? Something that you hodl from your parent's basement and expect to sell for more usd... pathetic.
@_date: 2019-02-15 21:17:24
You probably should. Sell all yout btc and apply. If more banks do this and settle inter bank transfers on a common ledger it will be no different than your shitty and unusable lightning or non existent plasma. They are taking your toys and grounding you to your room. If the tech is really revolutionary it will change banking without making a peep and everyone will use it because it's good not because speculation mining fomo hodl and lambo.
@_date: 2019-02-11 17:31:40
If bitcoiners have their way, you won't be able to take a piss in your home without paying for it by the nanosecond. Lightning network is so cool, it enables seamless payments for shit you used to get for free. Multi layered development means every single stupid layer has to be profitable for the sad cunts investing in it, or it's not going to get any backing, support or development. I just got a random add today to play a game "on the lightning network" but when i clicked it it asked me to make an x satoshi deposit first?? uhh no? I get it, you can say the flip side is for everything that  I spend , someone is earning. But atm, and especially going forward, you really can't prove that there's actual human beings (on lightning or main chain) profiting off of me.
@_date: 2019-02-01 18:03:24
Oh rly? This guy, founder guy, gets to decide who gets to claim and what amount they get to claim. If he doesn't like your fat nose you don't get to claim any of his shitcoin. Following satoshi's vision to a tee right there imo. And even if you somehow do get to claim, he gets 1 for 1 on your coins. Which is still fine if this worthless thrash remains worthless as it should, (speculating... it probably will-people are not really that stupid to put money into this pile of wank are they?) but in comes the game theory, the carrot and the stick. You are going to sell me this fucking garbage only because i think i'll be able to dump it on someone else at a higher price. And that right there is the beauty of bitcoin, we're all in here just playing hot potato.
@_date: 2018-11-19 19:52:12
It doesn't matter, it's a trader's game this is not the real price of bitcoin. Bitcoin is meant to become the global payment system in the foreseeable future. At that point it would be worth tens of millions of today's $, the network would have at least 250,000 transactions per second and probably have near 100% volume and not the 1-2% it does today. 
If y'all really believed in bitcoin like you should for being here you wouldn't give a fuck about this bear market or any other bear market. 
In my personal opinion bitcoin will fail, and go to zero it's only a matter of when, and yes if i held any i'd be sweating bullets every time it dips asking myself: "Is this it? Should i sell it all now before i lose everything?
  
@_date: 2018-11-23 12:57:02
Because in the last bubble the ico's and forked shitcoins
saw the biggest returns, it was nice for btc to to go like 20x
but some of these others have 1000x'd, coins with ceo's teams and
roadmaps, companies basically and worse versions of bitcoin where if you wanted to get in you were just given a link to download their blockchain.
Well, compared to that bitcoin looks like the holy grail, but the truth is the 
majority of people feel safer knowing someone that's better organized and better equipped is doing
all the work.
P2p is also already proved to be a failed experiment all p2p networks that were very popular in the early 2000's with hundreds of thoussands of users
are now either dead or populated by a handful of users; google, amazon and facebook have
brought all major communities under their law and rule. 
The question is fair because that's how the world works.
@_date: 2018-11-10 14:09:59
Ppl just want to transact for all they care this random waiting between a few minutes to a few hours to get a conf is a stupid game the "miners" play. The fiat system offers online transactions that are nearly instantaneous. World money can not function the way bitcoin currently works because it's beyond ridiculous.
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:26:44
Talk about a buzzword salad. Bitcoin won't change any of that shit, because it doesn't exist. It can't lay a single finger on the real world, only people can change those things, and only if they chose to. And what ups and downs is he referring to? Did a full mempool bring a tear to his eye or something, wtf I don't get it? And the most selfish monetary system on the planet won't bank the unbanked. Might trick them tho... I can confidently say that banking the unbanked is the last thing bitcoin will ever do. Bitcoin runs on incentives by design. Any leg up anyone has, be it technological, logistical, financial or of any other kind, bitcoin encourages them to keep to themselves and use it to earn more for themselves (fyi it's fiat atm) before the masses get in on it. And then you 're breaking even again and it's back to the drawing board making new breakthroughs that bitcoin won't allow for you to share with the world and improve life on Earth but to keep for yourself and accumulate more wealth, and potentially snuff out any whistleblowers and competition along the way. It's been this way since day 1. "We're still early" - moonboys 2017.
 
@_date: 2018-11-15 20:20:55
That is an insanely ballsy prediction. This mo fo has generations of incredibly profitable "investors" behind him. In bitcoin, if everyone reaches consensus and picks up and leaves tomorrow it will literally be worth zero. How do these fucktards manage to manipulate the (for all we know) unknown brilliant minds of the future to work on their investment and make them filthy rich?
@_date: 2019-01-04 16:48:52
Hey man, I don't dislike the op , I think it's well written and a good, entertaining read. But ffs I just can't see or get behind calls touting bitcoin as the future of money.  It's the most divisive asset ever conceived by mankind. The way life works is that we are all divided by our faith and all, ultimately, united in death. If mankind is to have a future other than killing itself trapped on this planet they will have to stand united at some point as hard as it may be, and bitcoin has literally nothing to do with that.
@_date: 2019-01-26 17:25:41
Bitcoin is nothing like the internet. The internet as is today you can just surf and get most stuff for free i mean information and self development stuff that also enables you to help others. In my fantasy world people don't need monetary incentives anymore in order to get off their asses and be productive in any way they can. Instead they voluntarily share and pass on knowledge for free, working towards the greater purpose. Whatever the fuck that is. On the internet there's no competition only cooperation. In bitcoin though... ffs it's exactly the other way around. I should hope that competition belongs to our past while cooperation is in our future. Fuck bitcoin and everything it stands for.
@_date: 2019-01-07 19:58:07
Well dumbass, guess what? Population is growing everyday, more ppl are born than they die( fucking feels great-who would have fucking guessed?). And?  Are they born with a bank account? Are they holding a pen coming straight out of their mother's pussy:" Where do i sign?" No they're unbanked. Seems like bitcoin is doing really great, marketshare wise. Every single fucking idiot born into this shit world is unbanked. This is good for bitcoin. Am i rite?  So wen moon then? Never. :(  Asumming bitcoin will always, at least serve as a value transfer for the dead economies of the world (rotating with centuries), I did the math on the back of a napkin, it was actually a toilet paper . It is worth $10k. And what is wrong with that picture you might ask? Btc is at $4k I stand to make at least 2.5x, and it will surely go overvalued by a lot at some point or another.
Post is getting really long so I'm  not going into trading minutia but the gist of it is the rich (who don't have a use case for it but can afford to buy it)) will buy and dump on the poor (who desperately need it and will do anything to get it) and for the poor it will work exactly like a ponzi scheme: get in on the ground floor, get paid get in not on the ground floor , get fucked. Hopefully they will get tired of it quickly and move away.
@_date: 2019-01-04 08:11:23
Judging by your willingness to help others, rich and poor, smart and stupid, I can easily deduce from your post that that is your sole motivation for wanting to create or invest in a successful business. You just a selfless human who cares not for his personal financial gain, but only wants to improve the quality of life on Earth, for everyone. There's not a lot of those people around these days.
The idea behind bitcoin is fucking incredible, but the execution of it ? And the simple fact that people got to interact with it ? No, it's vaporware, technological and philosophical vaporware.
The guy sticking his cock in a woman is always an optimist. He's always thinking that whatever comes out of there is gonna have the best life ever. Reality tho, is always disappointing.
@_date: 2019-01-08 18:41:28
So how do you pay for your bills and food? Do you sell btc, are you running a full node? lightning? I'm a normal person and  i've made thousands of transactions on the internet from my bank account, with different vendors for different purposes,never had a rejection, or a dispute or a slight problem . How were you a prisoner help me understand.
@_date: 2019-01-27 17:52:12
All the evidence points to btc not even being around when that time comes. Off chain layered development literally means making the main chain obsolete. Plus we live in a feeless transactions world. Lets say i wake up from a hangover and i decide that I need some money to be in a specific place in 30 minutes. I look up the fees market and i pay 2k sat/byte to make sure i get in the next block, I still have no guarantee that the network will find a block within 30 minutes. It can take up to 2 hours! Instead i can just use the good old fiat and guarantee myself a soothing, instant, free transaction. Also I was always suspicious of why satoshi made the system to reward the early adopters so heavily.If he truly believet btc would take over the world  he could have easily gone for another reward system. I reckon even he was not a true believer. 
@_date: 2019-01-20 20:17:13
Really? I must have missed the memo where we needed to educate the entire world on how to use the internet. If you make something that is useful, people will use it; it's as simple as that (Unless you mean we need them to buy it so that the price goes up).  The thing with the internet is some people are going to get more out of it than others, the thing with bitcoin is no one cares. Governments all over the world are made up of hundreds of people, they are sworn to use their abilities to serve their people, and the rest of the population is in the millions. If anyone at the top screws up said service, the people are allowed to go as far as publicly execute the incompetent twats. Most of them are cretins and most likely won't get bitcoin, surely won't keep up with it in the long run, but this, they can easily understand.
@_date: 2019-01-26 00:24:57
When people buy bitcoin it's not with the sole purpose of dumping it on someone else at a higher price than they bought in. (smh) Where do you get these people on this sub man? 
@_date: 2019-01-07 20:48:15
The free market has already voted. The largest wallets are held by exchanges (this community says it loud and proud). Btc is a commodity, a speculative asset, one that if you're not very careful, will get dumped on you. Hard.
@_date: 2019-01-20 15:37:22
That's called progress. Which is part of the whole evolution process. Do you think the 2000's b.c, or 1,100's (the dark ages) had more or fewer middlemen? Those were horrible times where people went through what to us today would seem like unimaginable horrors on a daily basis. Give people a problem and they solve it. We're experiencing the fucking solution of thousands of years of problems. Our ancestors couldn't even dream of this life we have. And you want to send everyone out in the wild again? A free-for-all? We've already been there. That guy sitting in that chair has a job to do and people are depending on him.But it seems all you want to send him out in the wild to make his own law, take ass and kick names.
@_date: 2019-01-26 14:18:55
If only we had an uncensorable and unconfiscatable coin so that we could buy those sweet love potions off the black market. Even I could probably get laid... one can dream.
As it stands you have the immense privilege (offered by the people, for the people) to complain to someone and have them get your shit done for you.
Here's an exercise for your tired imagination. Let's assume we run into the ships of a space-faring race. Only...they're on the run, exiled, their home world destroyed. By A.I.The very one that they've developed to serve them. It turned on them and decided that rather than letting them die out naturally, extermination was faster. With the benefit of that knowledge our instinctual response as a race would be to stop developing a.i. How would you do that? How would you prevent all those enthusiasts from pursuing their passion? Cut all the funding! Let them starve if that's the career they choose. If only there was an unconfiscatable, uncensorable payment system to circumvent these evil fucking governments telling me how to spend my money.
@_date: 2018-07-12 01:32:04
Do you even know how banks and governments gained monopoly and the ability to censor and control in the first place? Cause i'll give you a hint: All of the world's wealth and resources (including people 's brain juice) started off as decentralized. Bitcoin was never a revolution. It's the same old game adapted to the new rules.
@_date: 2018-04-10 20:17:47
Guys it pains me (after seeing it go to almost 20k) to admit that i've always (since '09 boys) thought of bitcoin as being a shitcoin. At this point i realise how it works. And am still struggling to see it's place or usecase. Not only does everything we have right now seem to be better, but also any technological breakthrough "our" engineers might ever come up with, seems to me to way better serve the current system rather than bitcoin. I genuinely feel the talent we have rn  developing "decentralized" projects is being wasted (not to mention manipulated by conmen). Socially ppl need not only a central point of control, but also a central point of trust.  Can you, r/bitcoin, honestly say you'd rather trust no one for better or for worse and take matter into your own hands win or lose?
@_date: 2018-04-10 21:44:11
I've explained some of my beliefs in a reply below. But I do agree, a financial crisis can happen at any moment. I just wanna make sure that bitcoin does not offer ... no way to be diplomatic here... a weak  person an easy way to bury their head in the sand. Still, haven't had btc and financial crisis together
@_date: 2018-04-11 16:54:56
This whole concept is not new: every man for themselves. It has been this way for the most
part of the human existence...and specifically what people have purposefully moved away from.
The governments didn't just appear out of thin air with an agenda to oppress and impede the common man.
They were a natural evolution of society and civilization. The common man himself delegated resources and
decision to a central point of control, to leadership, not because he hit his head one day, but because thousands
of years of existence have pushed him to do so. Present day is and always will be the collection of
all of man's primal instincts and acquired knowledge.
The cypherpunks are cool, smart guys when it comes to code and encryption. But seriously they've got this whole thing
backwards. This is not ground-breaking, it's deja-vu.
@_date: 2018-04-10 21:00:27
Hey, I don't care about the price, i've already mentioned that i've been here since googling "bitcoin worth" yielded no results. I do agree about trying out new systems based on trust. And it'd be damned interesting to see where trust in the machines gets us. I was just trying to gauge  how committed a certain part of the population was. My original thought process is that current political system is deeply flawed, but also that there is no other way to work it out but amongst ourselves.(humans.  That's my premise)
@_date: 2018-12-15 18:23:40
that's fucking great dude, i guess i just got majorly put off (cockblocked) by that bitcointalk thread many years ago, because with my idea, and implementation , you don't even need exchanges anymore you can just make any statement and it's up on the btc chain for anyone to take it or leave it (exchange a coin, predict a winner, put something up for sale). IT's all in-wallet and anyone can interact with it. It's been 10 years though why isn't the ability in there already? This whole thread is about calling how stupid i am.
@_date: 2018-12-04 11:35:18
People were mining bitcoin when it was worthless and had no guarantee that it would ever be worth anything. You could literally tell those that were mining in 2009 that in 2018 some one will pay them $0.15 per btc  and they'd be unfazed, business as usual .(shitcoins have developed soft forks for instant difficulty adjustment that can easyly be implemented into bitcoin). For me, Andreas has some great insight and is an inspirational public speaker, a real thought leader, but the way he sweeps btc's obvious, breaking flaws under the rug is very suspect and disappointing.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:54:53
OK, I'm in a good mood so  2 of 100: Decentralization as in the whitepaper 1 cpu 1 vote ... Uhh I have to go... somewhere."We'dun found your fuckin whitepaper (Stratoshi) and we'dun fucking put our penises in it". Right now you can set a 0 sat/byte tx but it will never get mined at a 12.5 btc block reward. Because fucking miners. We decentralized tho if U know what I mea..ok.
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:33:09
I appreciate your basic course on bitcoin,understanding core politics and chain of command should be a major priority in the space, my bad. But my original idea, as it was presented many years ago on bitcointalk, was to run a peer to peer betting exchange (seems like a no brainer - why isn't one up and running right now ,if everyone can write their own apps to their "heart's desire"?) and the impressions that i got back then was that it would be nigh impossible to run on chain (ON CHAIN faggot your keys your coins) due to limitations in oracle implementation and transactions volume. Not even counting the twats that i had to go through to get it approved in the first place. Moon soon tho imo? Like 2 months tops man.
@_date: 2018-12-15 20:38:15
4/100 Blockchain. What is a blockchain? Fundamentally,  it's fuck all, no one gives a fuck about blockchain, as they should, it's a slower database All you need for everyone to switch over (to praising my cock 24/7 - instead of blockchain) is just better incentives.
@_date: 2018-12-04 11:23:52
We, as a race, will always have bigger problems to deal with and none of the bitcoin principles carry us forward as a species. Ok you will probably have a fixed number of bubbles and some of you will even make obscene amounts of money. But the scenario where we survive the imminent destruction of this planet has eliminated btc and all of it's ideologies out of its system a looooong time ago, preferably in it's infancy.
@_date: 2018-12-04 11:13:37
Well, fuck, I don't want to be a target to all of my wealth just by walking around in broad daylight, anyone sees me, they see access to my whole net worth, i'd better put all that stuff in a safe place where there's people with jobs that i fucking assigned to guard and insure it. Face palm.
@_date: 2018-12-15 16:59:32
Do you mean the un-confiscatable, deee-centralized, iii-mutable (buzzword salad warning y'all) payment network is under someone's control? Are you telling me that if i had the killer bitcoin app, one that would bring another 10 million daily unconditional transactions to the network guaranteed and a potential  number of daily transactions # in the billions (oh shi...blocksize) i'd have to go through 5 fucking random cunts to get it approved? 
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:33:07
But I don't want full "control" I want some motherfucker to break into my house, or pull a gun on me on the street asking for my money and tell him I ain't got it.  I wanna be able to reverse a transaction if i got scammed or if, for whatever reason, i am unhappy with a purchase i've made.
Furthermore,  I don't want to believe in technology, I want to believe in people. The way I was raised is that all tech is falliable no matter what, and there's plenty of reasons -like a trillon- for bitcoin tech to fail. Show me a world ruled by A.I and bitcoin the currency , if one is even needed, I am all for it, but all trillion reasons for bitcoin to fail are caused by humans.
@_date: 2018-12-06 20:04:31
Well to be fair a bunch of shitcoins are at the all time low, So if you still believe that this whole market has at least 1 more pump and dump in it, you'd be filling up your bags with the aim to cashout a nice 10-50x or more profit. As for bitcoin itself, for me it's irrelevant, i don't really care about it's price, for I believe sooner or later it's gonna singlehandedly make or break this whole cryptocurrency "market" thing. 
@_date: 2018-12-15 20:20:19
3 of 100 "Sound money " "hard money" . The bitcoin standard!? How are you going to loan 1,000,000 btc  to a project you believe will change the world, at 10% intrest? You ve just inflated the money supply out of thin air and created paper bitcoin !! Cardinal sin. Play it safe and only spend btc if you are starving.
@_date: 2018-12-12 20:10:12






@_date: 2018-12-30 11:59:13
You re on a slippery slope m8. I don't think you realize how layer1 of btc works. Keyword is incentives.  You are either incentivized to take part in the network or you gtfo, and point your resources to whatever brings you and yourself the most  profits. Thank heavens competition is not lacking in the space.  And in an age where problem solving can make you billions, just because of how interconnected everything is,  there is literally no incentive for anyone to solve another's problem, you have a brilliant idea you don't go and use it to fix btc, you go ahead make your own thing with it. Edit: I wanna be a bit more blunt. How come ui/ux literally sucks and has sucked for nearly decades now, surely top ui/ux ppl have graduated from comp science universities all across the world in the last 10 years? Aren't they working for google or something? Ofc they are,but in bitcoin all you got is the shit devs.
@_date: 2018-12-04 17:51:50
Yea and I got some money in the bank. Technically it's just sitting there collecting dust.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:01:03
1 of 100: "We are banking the unbanked" said bitcoiners . Part-taking  in the most selfish monetary system on the planet. The bitcoiners rhethoric. Satoshi printed money for them . With him not being an integral part of the system anymore, we can just say that they've printed the money for themselves." I don't wanna get fucking filthy rich, i just want to make sure everyone in zimbabwe and venezuela is banked |I just selflessly support these people  for which i don't generally give a fuck about". Quote from a top lad.  Real talk, if btc were the world currency, i'd hire and exploit the hell out of all the cheap workforce from allover the world (to get more btc mo fos) and there wouldn't be a god-damned thing anyone could do about it. Because do you even know how evil the governments are?
@_date: 2018-12-22 16:10:20
Ha ha so funny /s .That would be 2 transactions that you'd be spending fees on, fees that don't go to roads, schools, nurses, just to those who have embraced vires in numeris (cannon fodder) as a literal a way of life. I'm afraid I don't think they give 2 shits about you or any aspect of your life at all
@_date: 2018-12-04 18:09:55
Amen brotha. If I was a crypto maximalist, which unfortunately i am anything but, that would be the first thing i'd be implementing in this space: "Fast-as-fuck" cashout option from crypto to fiat. God bless orgs like conbase man.Moon soon imo.
@_date: 2018-12-09 18:28:51
Right now bitcoin is subject to the greater fool theory which means, that if i buy btc i'm an idiot , but also means that i might find a bigger idiot down the line who is willing to pay me more FIAT than what i paid for to hold my bag. I can gamble, like last year, wait a month and 3x my fiat amount or buy now and hope and gamble that x months/years later i'll turn a FIAT profit.
There's no real world use case for bitcoin, I don't want to make payments in bitcoin and I don't want to store or deal with bitcoin. Ideologically bitcoin is like man was in the stone age, every man for himself, play by the rules, get rewarded. What we have right now is far from perfect, and the btc crowd can prey on that for their gospel, but if i'm going to choose between a work in progress that mankind has had on for hundreds of thousands of years, and a ten year old experiment, my choice is very clear.
@_date: 2018-12-22 19:37:33
this has absolutely nothing to do with bitcoin anymore. It might have had at some point and maybe we'll hear about it in the future or maybe not. But if my fetish on tuesdays is to rape 3 ugly virgins and shoot 3 black men in the head afterwards i'll know who to contact. Hint:  Ofc i'll use the markets.... the regulated ones...i think... maybe.
@_date: 2018-12-01 05:43:07
I'm not so sure about this. There was a bug discovered just recently that would have allowed miners to print new coins. To my understanding that bug was introduced by a dev \~ 2014 , and was disclosed before being exploited. This scenario will repeat countless times in the future and will have other outcomes. 
Furthermore, for whatever reason, consensus could be reached to increase supply just like that.