@_author: auntbitty
@_date: 2016-08-02 16:05:44
I know of three reasons, but there are probably many more.
A) Stake grinding
A solution to the Byzantine Generals problem requires the origination of the
blocks to be truly random. Bitcoin's PoW provides this as long as sha-256
remains unbroken and there is no minor with 51% of the hashrate. This is so a
miner has no control of where the next block is solved. The next block
origination cannot be anticipated, which is why it works.
PoS schemes try to simulate this through some obfuscation and gets some sort of
random-looking entropy, but someone will figure out to attack it. The attack goes like this:
1) compute N versions of the next block privately
2) figure out which one gives the best probability of the next selected block signer also being
a node under control of the attacker
3) send that block and withhold the rest
This will ensure that the attacker is a very, very 'lucky' block verifier. This optimal strategy
will be replicated by all block verifiers, and so the game theory reverts to it being a (bad)
PoW scheme.
B) Opportunity cost of Sybil attack
Most PoS schemes have some protection to penalize a block verifier that signs a
malicious block. Presumably, the only reason a block verifier would do this is for a
Sybil attack.
However, this will only discourage Sybil attacks where the penalty exceeds the
profit that can be made through some external means. For example, you could sign
malicious blocks to fool an exchange as to the state of the ledger on its
outgoing connections, use this to take real value in a different coin, other
coin, and take the penalty in the PoS coin.
Also, if a 'friendly' block verifier node is captured by a malicious hacker,
the hacker can initiate some Mutually Assured Destruction games with other
block verifiers for lulz and gain the value by some other external means such
as shorting the coin or shorting the stock of the company that holds the
assets being burned.
C) Requires a hard fork to change a PoW coin to a PoS coin
As we know, this is dangerous without a really, really, large and comprehensive
consensus before forking. Because of the many known problems, the PoS change
proposal won't get full agreement and the network will fork.
@_date: 2016-08-02 20:04:15
My pleasure. I enjoyed your interview with the BU gents. You are another
datapoint confirming my hypothesis that functional languages and David Cronenberg have
overlapping fanbases. ;)


It is not that PoS will end in collapse, it is that it reverts to crappy PoW once
every verifier is grinding.
I am not versed in the specifics of these coins. I remember hearing that
PeerCoin has/had a hybrid model where it used a reduce amount of PoW to select
the next block verifier. In any case, the ethereum economy is a lot to bet on
PoS working and I suggest that people invest accordingly.


No doubt that they believe it. However, I believe they are just obfuscating the
problem and smarter people than them will crack it as soon as they have an
monetary incentive to do so. Vultures are circling, I am certain.
I equate it to the multitude of 'proprietary' DRM and encryption systems out
there. Piece of cake for white hat hackers, let alone profit-motivated black
hats. If you are not using SHA, AES or comparable system with equivalent peer
review and theoretical backing, your crypto is flim flam. This pattern of bold
claims met with easy hacks is repeated over and over in cryptography history.  As
a rule, hacker IQ beats cowboy engineer IQ.
To help chill one's hubris, I recommend people check out Bruce Schneier's body
of work and the related security/crypto genre by other authors.
@_date: 2019-12-31 20:40:05
Human nature is pretty greedy. That's just the reality of this area of tech that mixes in money. Lecturing people to not be as they are by nature is pointless.
I expect at some point the 'cool' Bitcoin people will turn over to be the new generation of young people who wrote some software or launched a business/service that earns them an income stream of Bitcoin. As frameworks and tools mature, that will be more achievable and the creative entrepreneurs that capitalize on the opportunity will be rewarded. The grumpy greedy do-nothing hodlers will probably be seen as just that - lazy, greedy grumps.
@_date: 2016-05-15 02:45:00
The video presentation was fantastic. Well worth diving into. Thanks a bunch Paul!