@_author: aureliamnissan
@_date: 2018-10-30 19:59:39
I'm more than happy to learn, but you've provided no guidance. You're like a professor who holds office hours and then just tells students "nope, your wrong, come back when you're right," while handing out reference materials that conflict with the lecture. 
Thanks for being honest in that you don't want to have a discussion or help in the edification of others.  
I'm sorry that you take my disagreement as incompetence, I'm sure that attitude will serve you well in the long run. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 18:14:16


That absolutely does *not* follow from the above and if you had any grasp of logic you would understand this, but you may revel in your ignorant smugness if you prefer. 
Did you go to private school?
@_date: 2018-10-30 12:28:45


I'll bite.
Okay, how else do you fund a government?
@_date: 2018-10-30 16:16:11


To 


Well alright then I'll meet you halfway. 
Having read the article and listened to the video I understand the overview of what polycentric legal system are.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but it would essentially be what the "world government" currently is or what the US would be if the federal government looked like the UN. In which the UN acts as the body that would help orchestrate deals between the countries /states. The primary difference being that in both cases everywhere would have open boarders so people could freely choose.  Is that close enough?
@_date: 2018-10-30 13:51:58
What are you referring to exactly?
Do I get to voluntarily choose how much military I want to buy and from whom on a monthly basis?  What about free riders?
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:35:25
Okay, no government then?
How do you keep the peace in such a situation or are police contracted out as well?
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:29:57
No it's like saying find me a system that doesn't support slavery and we can we can talk. Of which there were several. Great Britain would have been a wonderful example at the time. 
Where in the world can you find that you *want to live* that doesn't have taxes right now?
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:32:54
Hahaha, oh jeeze no.
When the primary means of defense for the US was a well armed citizenry the white house was burned down...
The reason no one invades the US is because they tried in 1941 and ever since we demonstrated what a failure that was our military has been kept at a level that even coalitions can't overrun. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 16:27:25
Okay so who handles disputes between parties?
Alright we'll skip the analogies since that's causing more problems than otherwise. 


Isn't the basis of legal systems that we generally have an agreed upon set of rules?
How can my neighbor and I coexist with completely different legal systems governing or behavior?
@_date: 2018-10-30 17:59:01
Hey doesn't though, he might somewhere in his multitude of writings, but in the video he just brings up that these are problems that can happen in a polycentric system, but that we don't know how these problems compare to the problems or current government faces. 
Essentially he refused to do the pro con analysis and instead just focused on the pros.  If you want to assert that these problems can be fixed by a polycentric system, but then refuse to discuss how or what that looks like it really comes off as you yourself not understanding the system in question. You probably do, I don't know, but it's certainly not lending itself to the masses by suggesting that any supporter has to either blindly accept the premise do their own research, or be labelled immediately as an "antagonist."
@_date: 2018-10-30 13:50:45
There are obviously areas the government can improve on, but currently the federal government is the nation's primary job creator. 


Comparing the current US government to circa 1800 US government is a bit disingenuous. People *expect* radically different things from the government now as oppressed to then. There is also significantly more land/people/resources to govern now as oppressed to then. 
Find me a current day nation with a tax system you favor and we can compare apples. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:39:03
Lol, "you don't agree with me so leave," very rational.
Okay fine I'll concede that we can't find a modern day system that has what you want so then please describe what that looks like.  How would society be organized (or not) in a place that has no taxes?
Bitcoin is an alternative to modern currency which case act as as an exchange for any modern currency and greatly simplifies online transactions between parties in many countries. It's benefits are more tailored to those living in unstable countries with fluctuating currencies than first world Nations but it's valuable nonetheless. You don't have to be a libertarian / anarchist to support Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 19:56:48
Yeah, he wasn't being literal with that,. How would you even define the general state of "things" as being a percentage worse?
He doesn't have to be 100% correct to understand that removing state education leaves *everyone* worse off. 
Everyone is better off if there is a higher literacy rate. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 15:39:44


That's an expense I don't currently have to monitor very closely and is socialized across the community to provide a common standard of security. 
If I am late on my bills or default on my security payments who extracts payment from me? How can I assure my safety or at least Justice after the fact during a period when I am unable to afford it?


Well sure, but that is more an argument to end the war on drugs than to end the government.  I do understand that with no government the war on drugs never would have begun in the first place nor any similar law, but I'm skeptical that the pros outweigh the cons here for reasons I'll get into in a bit.


In modern markets these firms generally reduce costs by either combining services with other companies through acquisitions (like Amazon Alphabet etc) or by engaging in anti competitive ways to monopolize the market (like ATT TWC and Comcast).
With the former things look good but with the latter things look very bad. A combination of these two would basically be government.  Essentially I have a hard time seeing this work out such that the following *doesn't* how over time: 
 * private security firms spring up in communities everywhere don't the best they can for citizens
 * These firms coalesce in order to better service large municipalities
 * The mergers continue and some incorporate additional services that have nothing to do with security but are things people want nonetheless (ie debt collection, legal-like services, fire protection, possibly even turnpike passes, the list goes on)
 * Conglomerates end up servicing large parts of the nation as "private security" but their combined subscription looks less like car insurance and more like Amazon prime / Costco memberships with additional costs but also additional services
At this point we would likely have a couple of massive firms providing "security" to most of the country with little alternatives in the areas they service (similar to ISPs).  Is there anything preventing anticompetitve behavior at this point? Anticompetitve can be anything from undercutting local services to outright attacking and burning down competitive entities. 
At the end of the day you'd almost have to pay these people for security, a monthly, or yearly fee, a "tax" as it were in order to stay safe. 
I understand, this is a completely concocted scenario, but the point still stands. In a nation with no government, what's to stop a similarly large and powerful entity from acting exactly like, if not outright becoming, a government?
These companies would exist primarily for profit, as there would be little reason to run a non profit if there are no taxes to begin with. The primary driving factor for these institutions is the generation of wealth for the company, anything /everything else is incidental. 
The government today exists in large part because individuals, groups of people, and companies have demanded that the little institution this nation started with as additional services to it's mission statement. In effect the market asked for this. 