@_author: aureliusbp
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:45:53
I honestly believe Satoshi is still watching.  I really think that nothing "deathly" will occur without Satoshi coming on to right the ship.  Consider it an angel providing suggestion at the right moment we need it.
@_date: 2014-03-01 15:14:07
of course I can think of the implications.  Can you think of the implications to countries with fiat currencies if BTC were to be legitimized...equally outlandish.
@_date: 2014-01-07 20:57:44
@_date: 2013-12-02 17:23:06
Yeah, the part that has me concerned is the IRS paying attention now that its 1000USD/BTC
Namely, those little miners can be considered passive income and you get taxed accordingly.  If they do some kind of enforced registration on pools, that could cause tremendous pain and accounting on pool handlers and ultimately, the "mining" process will become a passive stream of income that ends up getting a 1099 or K-1 depending on the setup.
@_date: 2013-12-21 21:54:53
I had no issues.
@_date: 2013-12-02 13:57:21
I have been thinking about this all weekend as well.  I have an idea.  To "mimic" credit cards and the hand written signature, here is what I would do...
Sell a bit coin but in the transaction you state:
The way this works is that you must set up a new wallet...then with that wallet, you must send me an address through EBay messages that shows that address.  Then I will send you a precise small amount.  This will be a "trust amount".  I will then send a message to myself on ebay declaring that amount.  Then u as the buyer will need to send that amount back to an address that I provide you.  This will establish the trust relationship that the transaction is valid.  With that exchange, I will then post the record of it in from the block chain showing those two transactions and put it in the message for ebay message to hold.  Once that is achieved, I will then send that same address the bit coin sale itself.  and again, I will post the transaction of that bit coin from block chain into the ebay transaction.
With this, I will prove that your bit coin was delivered to the address that you authenticated and as the seller, you have participated in the transaction.
For your current situation, did the buyer provide you an address to deliver the bit coin through ebay message?  If yes, then you need to get the block chain to show that transaction and add it to the dispute log.  This will show the ledger transaction did occur If you can also prove to ebay that the address it came from was yours.  Simple screenshots should be able to do that.
@_date: 2013-11-30 19:12:55
here is what I am watching for:  When I see people create value and sell that value for BTC.  Specifically, I once owned a video game company and it was an MMO.  Now, if I sold the game as the publisher for BTC, the value held for that license would be in that form.  But to pay for my staff, my servers, my network capacity, it took USD.  Eventually, I would need to do a FOREX trade.  The transition of USD to BTC is the increase in value held in BTC.  I personally am not interested in seeing a ton of commerce with BTC.  For me, the value comes when I am putting away 5-10% of my savings in BTC.  A good portfolio diversifies the many methods of holding value.  Value in Real Estate, Shares of a company, Gold, Silver, Cash equivalents and DEFINITELY this new universal currency...BTC.  In time, world markets will use the BTC the same way they measure any other exchange rate of currencies.  Once people begin to truly trust the BTC as a means of holding value, economics will take care of itself.
Businesses accepting BTC...sure, it will happen.  Frankly I can see it happening soon enough with world trade items such as commodities.
But seeing BTC as the exchange rate at WalMart?  Never.  Number one reason is that most countries demand transactions in their own currency so that they can regulate it for taxes.  BTC makes it so transactions do not require tax because there is no one way to know the origin of the transaction.  Even addresses will become a commodity of this whole thing.  The value of anonymity in an information world is very valuable.  Alvin Toffler explained this...he pointed this stuff out since the 60s!
Need a guidebook to what is going to happen next?  Read his books.
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:31:18
Actually, to be more clear, you call and they say ALL hardware orders are on a two month delay.  The website stated, "In Stock, Shipped Immediately".  My concern is they are very confusing.
I can see the reason for the angst, but seriously, if they cannot have someone in their company deal with consistent messaging, then perhaps they suck.
For those haters out there...what opinions do you have for mining appliances that can be put into service in the next 30 days.
@_date: 2013-12-02 14:59:06
That sounds solid.  Specifically, print off the address and deliver them the coin in a USB chip.  Cheap enough and make it part of the "processing fee".  With the signature of receipt, they get on and have the bit coin in their account.  Then you have the proof and you "sell" the USB card.
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:28:53
and what about those selling their 50GH/s mining rigs?  I see the prices going for over $3500!  If I do the math, it doesn't make sense either.  Is this also someone just taking advantage of those unaware of difficulty or is my math wrong?
In my mind, this would be a case to buy 3.5BTC and call it a day
