@_author: auruspex
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:22:31
No problem!


HostDime.com, Inc. is a US company and obviously is bound by US law, but each international branch we have (HostDime Brazil, Hostdime Mexico, HostDime Colombia, HostDime India, HostDime United Kingdom, etc.) are companies in their respective countries. Think of it sort of how a franchise works to better understand our business model.


While I agree that the fringe benefits of BTC such as chargebacks and ability to "kick off" users without refunds are nice, it doesn't prevent abuse from happening while they are on the network. As a datacenter and web host, you are still responsible for that abuse and dealing with the consequences thereof even after you remove the user from your services. 
Our concern is that we will have a large amount of people who sign up, abuse services by spamming/etc, and then get suspended/terminated. They can then sign up and do the same over and over due to the anonymity of the currency. While it's true we get to keep their BTC, that doesn't change the fact that with every case of abuse, our IP reputation/etc goes down the tubes. I would hope the fact that they don't get their BTC back combined with our relatively quick abuse detection and handling would make it not "worth their time", but only time will really provde that.
In the end, for us it's all about being careful with business decisions. When you are running a web host and not just "selling a product" like Overstock, you have a lot more riding on who you provide services to. You need to be careful in a lot of different ways as opposed to an e-commerce site. I really do hope we are making a mountain out of a molehill in regards to the security and safety concerns, but I rather discover that with time and investigation, rather then assume.
Thanks again for your questions. We are really trying to take all feedback before making this decision and have had a lot of internal conversations amongst management to ensure we make the best possible decision. Please do let me know if you have any other questions or thoughts and I'd be happy to talk more :)
@_date: 2014-02-04 20:58:51
Just to let you know, we have data centers in many other countries as well, including Brazil, Mexico, India, and the UK. I knew the concept of being careful and only accepting BTC for established clients wasn't going to be popular, but as a business, we felt it was the best way to go to test out the concept. We are fully willing to remove that limitation down the line, should the beta show that it is not needed (low fraud, low abuse, etc). Trust me, as someone who is involved in the BTC community as much as I am (I have mined in the past and have a healthy BTC wallet), I really hope this beta succeeds and proves that we can accept the currency without worry of abuse and/or fraud.
As full disclosure, I am Dennis Henry, the representative from HostDime quoted in the article.