@_author: ausbluidevil
@_date: 2017-08-29 02:34:21
Thanks actually typed that out on my cell in a parking lot, so sick of all BS in politics now. Of course it was always there, its just that its not a slippery slope argument- we are full speed into lying about our past, even starting the Stalinist rewriting of history to  support what ever is most expedient at that moment to achieve the goal they seek. We didn't learn anything from WW2 and then the Collapse of the USSR? 100s of millions dead, all lied about in one form or another-Soviet Archives now opened show it! People want that system of total govt control, lies, ineptitude? I'm a gvt subcontractor- they are absolutely incompetent; but they get paid for nothing-AND we get paid to fix it- at 5 times the state rate...WTF? I don't want to live in Zimbabwe or I'd move to the 3rd world!! Just even the shouting down of people who don't agree, its disgraceful. Like 7th grade girls squealing at each other. The guys and women of the 1930s-1940s must be rolling over in their graves considering us nothing but self-deluded/dishonest, spoiled, whining pussies. We have lost our sense of honor and all sense of shame. Totally un American in the sense of the earlier founders and frontiersman- and that is exactly what the Corporate State wants, bread and circuses, the Russian bogeyman, always have an enemy...shell game.
Geez that quick and ugly...thanks man for helping me get it out!
@_date: 2017-08-28 19:41:18
By the government, FOR the government. "Government" definition here as "The Corporations" or "The State"; or as first put forth by Mussolini and early fascist thought: "The Corporate State". Its not Trump, not Obama, not Bush pere et fils (although all of them are obviously beneficiaries, and at the same time, tools of) this system. The USA long ago slid into fascism. We won the Good War, and were consumed by the peace. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:22:03
LOL yeah after just looking at..um what can  I say, haha...sort of like Michael Douglas in that movie "Falling Down" when he can't get a sandwich or something like that,  thanks again senor.