@_author: ausiv
@_date: 2016-08-21 23:27:29
Bitcoin will get to the poor the same way fiat currency does. One of the major differences is that quantities of fiat can be easily manipulated by people in power, but quantities of bitcoin are predetermined. That said, while *quantity* can't be manipulated, we've seen cases where the *value* can and has been manipulated. 
You might be interested in some altcoins that try to take a more direct approach to distribution to the poor. [Duniter]( is one example of such a project. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 02:50:57
That would be what's called an "archival node", which has verified every historic transaction. Most full nodes just download the blocks, verify the proof-of-work for each block, and then download the state tree for recent blocks (usually verifying the last thousand blocks). Archival nodes are equivalent to bitcoin full nodes, but aren't significantly more secure than the full nodes that haven't verified every transaction. 
@_date: 2018-01-27 15:45:03
Even if there aren't routes around it right now, isn't it just one on-chain transaction to create a new route around the hub? 
@_date: 2018-01-15 05:18:21
ETH is the currency used to pay for ethereum transactions. There's nothing fundamentally insecure about the base currency.
Ethereum the blockchain allows developers to write arbitrary applications that run on the blockchain. Obviously some of those applications have had bugs, as is the case in any platform that allows for the development of arbitrary applications. There have been hundreds of millions of dollars lost to buggy contracts, but that's a function of Ethereum allowing open-ended applications and third parties writing buggy applications on top of the platform.
The fork you refer to did not reverse any transactions. In the early days of Ethereum, a contract which held a substantial percentage of the total ethereum in existence was hacked. The nature of the hack meant that a month after the hack, the hackers would be able to claim all of that Ether. During that intervening period, there was a hard fork that allowed contributors to the original contract to retrieve their funds. This was a modification to the contract code, not a transaction reversal. I have mixed feelings about that particular hard fork, but it's disingenuous to claim that the fork reversed any transactions. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:27:49
Cooperative closing means both sides of a channel sign a transaction to close the channel immediately. 
Uncooperative closing means that you submit the current state of the channel via a time locked transaction, and have to wait for the timeout to access the BTC on chain. If you and I have a channel, I might do this if you go offline and I can't reach you to send lightning transactions or do a cooperative closing.
There's another possibility, which is that I broadcast an earlier version of the state channel transaction, presumably one in which my balance was higher. That starts out looking like a normal uncooperative closing, but the reason uncooperative closings have a time lock is so that you can come along, prove that I cheated by broadcasting an early version of the transaction and claim the balance of the channel. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:28:21
I'm not referring to the people who still aren't using segwit addresses, I'm referring to the years of arguing about scaling solutions and the chain splits that happened along the way. There are going to be a lot of differing opinions on which post-quantum algorithms to support, how to handle different aspects of the rollout, etc.
Once you have agreement on that, everyone will try to migrate their funds at once. That would clog up the network for weeks if not months *today* to say nothing of the larger, more computationally intensive post-quantum transactions. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 19:28:17
At this point I'd consider "mass adoption" of the lightning network to mean most bitcoin users were using it, not that most people in general were using it. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:56:02


Care to explain what you mean by that? Exchange contracts are code that handles exchanges of tokens that run on the chain. No single entity controls the exchange contract, it's subject to the same consensus rules as the network as a whole.


There's a place for both. Atomic swaps can allow cross-chain transactions, while exchange contracts generally don't, but with atomic swaps both parties to a transaction must be online to agree to and execute the swap, while with an exchange contract I can broadcast an order, go offline, and have someone else find and fill the order while I'm away. There's definitely room for both.


That's only half the challenge. Storing merkle roots on the chain can keep a lot of data off chain, but you still need a mechanism to prove that the manipulations of the state trie followed the rules of the contract. Right now the easy way to do that is to have the whole contract on chain, but there are plans for the plasma layer and sharding that would take that pressure off the main chains and move it to other layers while giving those layers the consensus mechanisms they need. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:59:36
I guess that was a bit ambiguous. I was referring to how I had cheated, you are referring to how the cheating was proven. 
@_date: 2018-01-21 14:46:22
Mining centralization destroys the security of bitcoin.
If one organization (or multiple colluding organizations) control more than 50% of the hashing power on the network, they can produce 100% of the blocks if they choose to do so. All they would have to do is ignore blocks mined outside their group and keep mining on their own blocks, and they would always be able to produce a longer chain than anyone else, which the consensus algorithm would identify as the correct chain.
Even if they don't go that far, they could do other things detrimental to the network. They could refuse to allow certain transactions on the network, and not build on any third party blocks that include the transactions they want to censor. It's also possible that these centralized miners might censor transactions because their government forces them to, without any malice of their own.
Another bad thing they could do is execute double spend attacks. They could send a large transaction in one block, confirm they received whatever they were paying for, then start mining new blocks on top of the block before they sent the large transaction. 
Those are the risks of centralized hashing power. The risk of low hashing power is that someone can come in and buy enough hashing power to become a centralized miner and execute the aforementioned attacks. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 14:01:59


Quantum computers. Shor's algorithm will make it possible for people with quantum computers to derived private keys given a public key. This would allow then to steal funds from any address that has previously sent funds. Eventually they might even be able to front run transactions, brute forcing signatures as soon as transactions are submitted to the mempool and submitting a different one with a different recipient. At that point the blockchain will be pretty much unusable.
There are quantum safe signing algorithms, but they all have major drawbacks. They either have huge keys, keys you can only use once, or are orders of magnitude more computationally intensive than current options. All of those are detrimental to use in blockchains. Plus you'd have to get bitcoin to adopt one or more of them, and given how the segwit adoption process went I wouldn't hold my breath for it to happen in a timely fashion when quantum computers become an imminent threat. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 05:20:00
It's worth noting that Rootstock is basically the same as Ethereum, except instead of having its own base currency it uses a two-way peg of bitcoin to pay for transaction fees. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 02:24:01
Ethereum allows for open ended smart contracts. Some examples of things that can be done on the Ethereum chain that can't be done on bitcoin include:
* Token contracts - many ethereum based systems issue their own tokens. One neat example is the DAI stable token, which uses some complex logic and a system of price oracles to create a token that is pegged to the dollar. Right now, something like 30 of the top 100 coins on coinmarketcap.com exist on the ethereum block chain, and thus are all secured by the same hashing power. I know bitcoin has colored coins and the omni protocol, but those aren't quite as robust as token contracts can be.
* Exchange contacts - With numerous different tokens on the same chain, exchange contracts have cropped up to let you trade those coins on completely decentralized exchanges.
* Domain Name Registration - the ENS system allows you to create an auction to register your own domain name with no central authority.
* Crypto Kitties - someone wrote a set of contracts that lets you breed and sell digital cats on the blockchain. Maybe not the most useful thing, but it illustrates how non-fungible digital goods can be represented on the blockchain.
* More complex multisig rules - bitcoin has N-of-M multisig, but with ethereum you could allow one account to spend a certain allowance over a period of time without requiring signatures from the others. You can dream up all sorts of rules for how to distribute funds to the participants of the multisig wallets.
Aside from the things you can do with contacts, there are also some neat enhancements to the blockchain protocol. For example, ethereum includes a Merkel hash of the state trie in every block, which allows for more secure light clients, and allows faster syncing of nodes because you don't need everything in the block history to have a secure node at the latest block. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:40:19
Increasing block sizes will always be a linear means of scaling. It can alleviate pressure in the short term, but reaching Visa volumes of transactions will require off-chain options.
I'm pretty skeptical that lightning will be the silver bullet everyone is hoping for, but I also don't think increasing block sizes will get us where we want to go. 
@_date: 2017-12-29 13:17:05
Please explain the technical mechanism by which you think this works. I'm pretty sure that I understand the technology underlying the lightning network, and what you just described isn't possible with my understanding of the technology.
The lightning network is a series of lightning channels. One channel is an *on chain* bitcoin transaction, funded with a certs amount of bitcoin. The amount of bitcoin in this on-chain transaction is fixed, and cannot be changed without an on-chain transaction. The only thing that can be changed is how much each participant of the transaction will receive when the channel is eventually settled.
So if I'm connected to Alice and Alice is connected to Bob, Bob can send me BTC through the lightning channel by sending BTC to Alice over their channel, then Alice can use our channel to send the same amount of BTC to me, but *only* if she already has as much BTC already locked in the on-chain channel between us as Bob is trying to send me. If our channel is empty, or everything in our channel currently belongs to me, Alice can't send me anything through our channel, thus Bob can't send anything to me through Alice. 
Unless there's some new mechanism I haven't heard about and I'm having trouble finding anything about on Google, funds can't be transferred from one channel to another without an on-chain transaction. The fact that the funds are fungible means that the BTC Bob sent Alice are as good as the funds Alice sends me, but if Alice doesn't have funds in our channel, Bob sending her funds through their channels doesn't change that. 
@_date: 2017-12-29 02:31:14
But that doesn't matter if it's an empty channel. It's empty. Nothing can get into it without an on-chain transaction. A lightning channel can never have more funds than it was created with. You can change which end of the channel those funds are on, but you can't add funds without a blockchain transaction. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:32:20
It depends on the password strength. If it's a dictionary word or a couple of dictionary words, it could be pretty trivial. If it's a long jumbled of characters from all over the keyboard, it could literally take more energy than the sun will create in its lifetime. I pick passwords in the latter category, unless it's a service that I don't really care about but forces me to pick a password m
@_date: 2017-12-16 13:08:35
The thing to remember is that every time *you* bought a pizza in 2011 you could have bought 19 BTC instead. That was the valuation at the time, and selling BTC at that price is equivalent to not buying BTC at that price, but you never hear people saying "He spent twelve dollars on a pizza in 2011 instead of using it to buy 19 BTC." 
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:06:49


I'm pretty sure that's not how it works. Do you have a source for that claim other than a reddit comment? 
@_date: 2017-12-29 00:26:38
But to my understanding, a lightning channel is only between two addresses, and only has as much BTC as the on-chain transaction that created the channel. A channel that starts put empty, to my understanding, can never have funds even if the same address receives a lightning transaction through a different channel. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 03:45:33
From your link:


"sufficient liquidity" is in reference to the fact that every hop along the way must already have the funds you want to send through the channel. You'll reimburse the person who sends funds through the network so they're not out any money for relaying your transaction, but the funds don't move between channels, they move between nodes on the network through channels that already have sufficient liquidity. 
Also from your link:


This is because funds cannot be added to payment channels without on-chain transactions.


So? The fact that it would be a major limitation doesn't make it untrue. That's wishful thinking. I don't think that the lightning network will be nearly as useful as people make it out to be, precisely because you can't send money through a payment channel in excess of the funds already in the channel.
This is a fundamental limitation of how payment channels work. Funds are locked into a payment channel. The two people who control that payment channel can sign multisig transactions to redistribute the funds within that channel, and if someone tries to cheat by replaying an older transaction there's a time lock that gives the other party the opportunity to override the transaction with the more recent version. 
No matter what you do off chain, that payment channel only has two participants who can close the channel and receive funds. There is no mechanism that can move funds between these channels without an on-chain transaction. You can send funds from one person to another through multiple channels, but only if all the channels along the route have funds to facilitate the transaction. 
@_date: 2017-12-29 13:18:04
I'm pretty sure that doesn't work the way you described. See this comment:
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:58:08
I have Googled it. I've read the white paper. I understand the underlying mechanisms. I'm nearly certain it doesn't work the way you say it does. If you can provide a source to the contrary, I'd love to see it. 
I have found this stack overflow post that seems to contradict your claims: 
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:21:11
The hash rate on testnet is pretty low, so I think even CPU mining is feasible. Of course that means it's not terribly secure, and could pretty easily be subjected to a 51% attack. People might mine because they want testnet coins for testing, or because they want to test out mining hardware or software. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 03:00:38


No, they can't. A channel cannot have more funds than the transaction that created it. You can keep claiming otherwise, but until you can provide documentation of the technical mechanism I'm not going to be convinced. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:31:14




Why do you think it's easier to manipulate bitcoin than stocks? The market cap for bitcoin is comparable to the market cap of the tenth largest company in the US. It seems like Bitcoin's price ought to be harder to manipulate than say, the 1,000th largest company in the US. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:26:25
At this point wouldn't the difference between 0 and what you actually paid be pretty negligible as far as long term capital gains go? 
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:30:15
Not really. I don't think it's been below $200 in 4 years, so owning triple digits over that time would take a $20,000 investment minimum, and most people who bought at $200 have probably taken some profit by now.
I bought bitcoin years ago, but I currently have less than one (and never had as many as two). 
@_date: 2018-08-15 12:56:33
People who are buying bitcoin to hedge the collapse of fiat are counting on enough infrastructure to survive the collapse of fiat that bitcoin can keep functioning. Buying precious metals or gems would be a better hedge against total collapse, as you have physical control of them and they don't rely on having internet, power, etc. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 12:41:33
You're supposed to post your predictions from 180 different accounts so that when one of them is right you can use that account to make outlandish claims on the basis that you totally called it last time. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 13:47:20
Or pick a block not long after the genesis and start mining your own blocks on top of it. Go back to when that block got mined, and dump all your pre-mined blocks right on top of it. Everyone involved in the project assumes someone has found a flaw in their system, and scraps the whole blockchain idea as a failure. 
@_date: 2018-08-15 14:38:55
I don't think I ever said anything to that effect. This article is about people who are buying bitcoin for that reason. Whether that is a significant portion of the people buying bitcoin (or gold) is not terribly pertinent to commenting on whether or not it's a good idea. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 03:01:56
Buying BTC can be a hassle. I'm happy to drop a few bucks, but for someone just vaguely curious about it, setting up bank transfer or finding local sellers can be a lot of work. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:01:10
Looking on blockexplorer, this is definitely what happened.  The op sent cryptsy 0.1 BTC, and the change went back to the source address. Three hours later, another transaction sent the rest to another address. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 13:19:01
That assumes you have a proper random number generator that uses the whole key space. We've already seen implementation flaws in Web wallets lead to private key collisions. This isn't a problem with the protocol, but it's still a risk to people who aren't in a position to audit the codebase and identify errors that can reduce the key space. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:30:51
That's not necessarily the case email is a decentralized protocol, but companies that can do it well can attract a lot of people and profit from it. Git is decentralized version control, but GitHub makes the experience so nice they're able to make a lot of money at it. 
Decentralized means companies have to find a way to distinguish themselves from other providers, not that they can't make a profit. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 12:45:30


More like "if the government can't control bitcoin for purposes they deem nefarious, they'll make it impossible to conduct legitimate business with bitcoin." They can't really stop bitcoin as a black market currency, but they can make it pretty useless for any legal business purposes, which will significantly impede it's adoption. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 12:43:05
It really comes down to what currency people's obligations are in. If I'm buying a house for $200k from someone who owes $75k on their house, I might be able to give them 20 BTC valued at $10k a piece, (or .2 BTC at a million a piece), but they have $75k in USD obligations, so part of it will need to be cashed out. 
I think once BTC stabilizes relative to fiat currencies, people will be more willing to take on obligations denominated in BTC. But right now agreeing to be paid X BTC in a month's time while your obligations are in USD is a risky proposition, as you don't know whether the BTC will cover your obligations. You'd also have a hard time finding someone to take the other side of that deal, because the value of those BTC in a month's time could vary pretty wildly. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 13:53:08
Government regulation is also a part of that category. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:24:03
Yeah, I'm not sure how practical that part would be. I was thinking more in terms of "budget $5 for reddit" than "budget $50 for any site that asks". 
@_date: 2014-07-27 02:12:20
Right, but crucially nobody controls the system as a whole. A rogue email provider can screw their customers, but they can't bring down email as a whole. 
Payment processors like Visa or PayPal control both ends of their transaction systems. They can refuse to process payments to someone like wikileaks, and there's not a lot you can do when you're targeted with it because they control the whole payment system. 
Coinbase might refuse to process payments for wikileaks, but they can't prevent customers from sending payments to blacklisted entities by the nature of the protocol. If they tried they would ruin their user experience and customers would withdraw funds, either to their own wallets, or to competing services. 
On a different level, the federal reserve could potentially sabotage the dollar. No single entity has that power for bitcoin (barring a continuous 51% mining pool). You might end up with an exchange that screws everyone who trusted them with their coins, but it won't take down the currency. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 12:03:06
It's paid through issuing new currency, even if that currency has already been dedicated for this purpose. The point is that the cost of a transaction is much higher if you consider the coinbase transaction. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 15:28:18
Not necessarily. I remember reading some exchange's explanation of their cold storage scheme which involved keys that were encrypted and split across multiple safe deposit boxes. The content of a single safe deposit box was insufficient to access the funds, to avoid the banks being able to steal the funds. I believe they also limited how much they would store in the wallets stored by a particular group of safe deposit boxes, so even if two banks conspired to steal the coins, they wouldn't be able to clear out the exchange. 
This kind of security is generally a good thing, but it does mean that in the event of a rush there would be some delays. Normal operation wouldn't require visits to the bank. A moderate rush might necessitate trips to two different banks. Everyone deciding to take out their coins would necessitate trips to several secure storage facilities. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 23:44:02
Agreed. In general it's quite painful to find the UTXOs for arbitrary addresses without relying on third-party services that maintain complex indices of the block chain.
@_date: 2014-08-09 11:34:19
But in USD, is it really meaningful to call transaction volume vs inflation a cost of the transactions?
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:53:29
My guess is that they either have regulatory or contractual obligations to keep the branch open. I'm purely speculating, but maybe they have to keep it open to have customers in the area, but do almost all of their business online. It could be some other obligations, but my guess is they need it open some minimum period in order to carry out other operations they consider worthwhile. 
@_date: 2014-08-26 00:59:43
It would only match up oriented: [ front ] [ front ]. You're thinking about rotating it 90, 180, and 270 degrees. You're forgetting about the four orientations of [ front ] [ back ].
@_date: 2014-09-14 12:25:27
Maybe on naming credit cards specifically, but I think the point still stands. Stolen bank account information is harder to come by, but it's definitely a risk for coinbase. If you have stolen account details and want to turn it into cash, what better way than to buy Bitcoins, shuffle them around, and cash back out? 
I know coinbase has an automated transaction risk assessment system, and it seems pretty plausible that TOR could be a pretty big red flag. It sucks for the honest tor user, but coinbase probably has enough experience that they've decided they can't shoulder the transaction risk for transactions from tor exit nodes. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 19:16:10
For USD transactions, it only makes sense to "include inflation" if you're comparing transactions made at different times, and trying to adjust so they're in economically similar terms. I might say that a cheese burger that cost 50 cents in 1950 would cost $4.75 today, simply because the value of a dollar has changed over that time.
When you're talking about transactions in USD as they happen, inflation has nothing to do with it. If I'm paying cash and spend $4.50 on a cheese burger, I lose $4.50 and the restaurant gains $4.50. If I'm using my credit card, I spend $4.50, the restaurant gets maybe $4.25, and the credit card processor gets $0.25. 
With Bitcoin, however, bitcoin plays a role in every transaction. If I want to spend 0.0075  BTC on a cheeseburger, I pay 0.0075 BTC plus a 0.0002 BTC miner fee to have the transaction included in the blockchain. The restaurant receives .0075 BTC, and the miner who includes my transaction in their block receives .0002 BTC.
So the total transaction fee for a BTC transaction was about equivalent to 12 cents USD. But that's not all the miner gets. A typical block recently has included about 400 transactions, and carried a mining reward of 25 BTC. That works out to .0625 BTC per transaction, or about $36 per transaction at today's exchange rate. Nobody is paying that $36 per transaction, it's coming from inflation of the currency.
That's why it makes sense to talk about inflation as part of the cost of BTC transactions, but not as part of the cost of USD transactions.
@_date: 2014-06-09 03:17:59
I hear you, my point is that it's not just being too cheap to spend a dollar, it's everything you have to do to get to the point where you can spend that dollar. I also doubt that most people who are using the faucet even realize that transaction limits will make it unspendable. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:48:36
I would say web wallets are a bad idea in the same way carrying money in your pocket is a bad idea. Both can be very convenient for day-to-day spending, but both are at risk of disappearing without warning. I would recommend against putting more in a web wallet than you'd be comfortable carrying cash in public. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 12:25:24
Yeah, but think about how tax refunds work. Your employer estimates the taxes you'll owe based on your W4, and sends part of your paycheck to the government instead. Once a year you calculate what you actually owed, and either send the government a check, or tell them to send you one. 
You can probably find a job now where the employer doesn’t send part of your paycheck or report your earnings to the government, but you're running legal risks by doing so. That would still probably be the case in a Bitcoin economy. It would be a bit easier to protect your assets and to transfer them without government knowledge, but there could still be severe consequences to tax evasion. 
I'm a Libertarian who likes bitcoin for policy related reasons, but I don't see this as a particularly good case where it would prevent government overreach. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 13:59:25


That's how lots of insurance works. My car insurance is more expensive because I've had a few accidents on my record. My home insurance is more expensive because I have a roof that is at higher risk of fires. My health insurance is pretty reasonable because I'm healthy and can afford a high deductible. There will probably be some threshold where they would refuse to insure for being too risky, but below that there could be a lot of room for adjusting premiums based on risk. 


People do this now for stocks and bonds. Doesn’t seem that unlikely to me. 
@_date: 2014-12-04 13:24:11
Onion addresses *do* authenticate. I have a guarantee that if I go to an onion address, the site serving the requests controls the private key for that address. It's impossible to man-in-the-middle an onion address without capturing their private key. There is a question of how you securely disseminate the onion address, and it probably makes sense to involve SSL certs in that process, but once you have an address you know you're talking to the owner of the address. 
If you got an EV cert, the SSL cert itself could provide more in depth authentication, but that would depend on users actively checking the details of the cert, which very few users do. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:21:29
I keep my BTC on coinbase. I've got about $50 worth, and coinbase is a nice convenient wallet that is reasonably well protected from hackers and from me compromising my own keys. 
If I had a large investment, I'd create an offline wallet for more secure storage. For what I consider walking around money, coinbase is good enough. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:32:39
More effective might be to donate to other mining pools, increasing their payout rate beyond natural mining payouts. 
Multibit had recently been receiving flack for adding an automatic tiny donation to the to the multibit author with every transaction. Perhaps wallets should include an address and donation amount so people could choose a pool to donate to every transaction. 
@_date: 2014-07-25 22:10:01
Well coinbase is convenient, because that's where I convert fiat to BTC. They also cover miners fees, and if I'm transacting with another coinbase user it happens off chain instantly.
Like I say, for this volume of BTC I'm not worried about controlling my own keys, but even if I had high volumes I'd still probably keep my walking around money on coinbase for convenience. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 12:32:47
Actually, you could set up a protocol like this:
* User requests page
* Browser gets 402, which includes a BTC address for payment 
* Browser determines whether the user authorizes payment (maybe by asking the user, maybe by checking predefined budgets).
* Once approval is established, the browser creates a transaction, signs it, and sends it to the server.
* The server receives the signed transaction, verifies it, and serves the requested resource. 
* The server broadcasts the transaction to the network. 
If the user sets up budgets that allow the browser to confirm the transaction without input, and if the server is okay with zero confirmation transactions, this wouldn't take much longer than a 302 redirect. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:33:06


Personally I see the insurance requirement as the prerogative of the road operator. My bigger problem is with the government monopoly on roads. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 18:35:55
Can't speak for opera, but with Chrome there are some work-arounds. My company uses 'mycompany.pri' (for private) for a lot of internal sites. We log our time on 'time.mycompany.pri', which of course requires you to be on our network and using our DNS servers.
If I just type "time.mycompany.pri" into Chrome's omni bar, it does a Google search for it. But if I type in " it loads it as a URL, and if I type in "time.mycompany.pri/" it loads it as a URL.
This definitely isn't convenient for someone trying to get other people to visit their website with non-standard DNS, but it's manageable if you've got private URLs you need to access. Also, hyperlinks work just fine, which is how a lot of people access their private URLs.
@_date: 2014-05-04 12:50:14
Not really. As others have pointed out, not everyone needs to run a full node. 
The obvious are web wallets, which don't require any direct interaction with the blockchain. The trust model for web wallets isn't satisfactory to a lot of the people who are interested in Bitcoin today, but it's not too different from the trust model of banks, which most of the population is fine with. If Bitcoin becomes a dominant currency, I would guess most people will accept that level of trust.
Looking at a less trusting security model that doesn't involve the full blockchain, several modern thin clients implement simple payment verification, which allows clients to verify transactions by maintaining only block headers, and temporarily downloading blocks to verify inclusion of a transaction. You don't need a full node to be reasonably confident that results are valid.
There's also the possibility of downloading all the full blocks, but only using them to manage a UTXO database. If you download the full block, you can verify the block, remove the inputs from your UTXO database, add new outputs to your UTXO database, then discard the source block. Maintaining a list of unspent transactions will probably scale over time, but not at nearly the rate that the full transaction history scales.
Having more nodes is good for a healthy network, but it's definitely not required for the average user to maintain a full blockchain.
@_date: 2014-06-08 21:27:47
Either miners start fleeing, or they watch the value of their existing investment go to zero, along with the value of all the extra coins they're getting for staying in the mining pool. If nobody can trust they won't get screwed by a double spend attack, they won't be willing to trade anything of value for Bitcoins. At that point, having more of them doesn't do much good. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 12:20:15
I'm fairly ignorant of how mining pools work, so forgive me if there's an obvious answer to this:
If I'm mining for a pool and I'm being honest, how does that enable others in the the pool to commit abuses? I can understand the problem with collusion, but if I'm not doing anything nefarious, how does my participation cause problems? 
@_date: 2014-04-13 20:52:04
Citation needed. There have been several challenges for people to recover small amounts of data from zero wiped drives, and no successes I'm aware of. 
My understanding is that the probability of recovering a single bit that has been zero wiped is about 95% (that's from memory, and I'm a few years stale since I had regular interactions with computers forensic analysts, so give or take a bit). That seems high, but it takes a lot of bits to get anything meaningful, and that 5% adds up after several bits. 
@_date: 2014-07-22 18:02:07
I bank with BofA. I opened my account several years ago, when I was moving around quite a bit and didn't know what part of the country I'd live in a year later. Local credit unions would have meant spending a lot of time moving accounts around and updating automatic withdrawals. 
I've since settled down and could do the local credit union without a problem, but I haven't been motivated enough to find the time for it. I could open a new bank account  pretty easily, but closing my BofA account would require hunting down all of my automatic withdrawals  (some of which only occur annually) and switching them over. Given the huge list of things that need to be done around my house, switching banks out of principle never makes it from the todo list to the done list. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 15:43:33


The point of bitcoin is a decentralized protocol for a  digital currency that prevents double spends. The fact that it's a decentralized protocol avoids lock in, but that doesn't mean third party providers are a bad thing. 
A lot of the Internet works this way. Email is a decentralized protocol, but running a reliable email server is too complicated for most users, so they rely on a service provider. 
It's good that you can control your own wallet, and I think that's the responsible thing to do with large sums, but there's still room for service providers to add value without undermining the system. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 12:19:21
You absolutely can. Nothing about Bitcoin prevents fractional reserve banking.
I'm not terribly familiar with Mt. Gox specifically, but I know a lot of exchanges have you send BTC to a specific wallet, and when they arrive your account is credited with the received BTC. They let you withdraw to another address, but the coins get sent from a larger pool, not a wallet that belongs exclusively to you.
Some exchanges use this as a security advantage. They might send 90% of the coins to an offline wallet, limiting their exposure. It's conceivable that they're actually spending the coins from the pool, hoping a certain portion will never be cashed out, or that they'll be able to replace them at a lower exchange rate. 
Either of these approaches can have problems with bank runs. The offline storage approach may have to go retrieve the offline wallets from a secure location, and may not be able to fulfill all requests for a period of time. The exchange selling off your coins has more traditional bank run problems. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 11:47:19
At a macro scale, but not a micro one. My computer being compromised can compromise my addresses. The network is still acting completely as it should, but I'm still compromised. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:40:37
I plan to tinker with dapp development, and plan to use the ether I've acquired in contracts.I have no idea how expensive ether will be later, so I'm buying some during the sale so I'll have it early, before exchanges for ether are well established. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 23:14:23
I remember some speculation during the Gox downfall that Gox might have put coins in offline storage with invalid key pairs. That's to say that the address is valid in the sense that the checksums come out okay, but the public key represented by the address doesn't correspond to the private key on file. I have no idea if there was merit to that theory in the case of Mt. Gox, but you can definitely generate invalid addresses, so it's a plausible scenario. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 12:02:33
I remember seeing an online service that used 2/3 multisig addresses to help solve this. Basically it worked by having one key held on your device, one held on the third party server, and one you should keep offline. To send BTC, you sign a transaction with the key on your device and send it to the server with your key. The server sends you an email or tex, and gives you a cancellation URL that allows you to cancel the transaction within a predetermined period. If you don't cancel the transaction, the server signs it and broadcasts it to the network. 
The server only has 1 of 3 keys, so it can't compromise your wallet. Your computer should only have 1 of 3 keys, so it can't compromise your wallet. The worst thing the server could do is stop relaying your transactions, in which case you get your other key out of offline storage and sign it yourself. 
The bitcoin protocol doesn't directly solve the mad general problem, but it has facilities in place that can do a pretty good job of addressing it. 
@_date: 2014-08-23 23:48:29
I always had the impression that 3d printing was more beneficial for prototyping and very intricate designs. I've started seeing a lot of things that are advertising that they're 3d printed, but I don't see the advantage over traditional processes for mass produced products. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 15:29:23
Name a zero trust alternative with the convenience of Coinbase. Something where I can log on to a totally new computer, put in my credentials, and buy, sell, or send coins.
It doesn't have the same security as the zero trust options, but I don't have to keep track of a key, or worry that forgetting a complicated password will leave my account unrecoverable.
I'm not going to trust my life savings to coinbase, but I consider it useful for a small stash of easy to access cash. If I ever invest significantly in BTC I'll move most of it to an offline wallet, but until something is as easy for daily use as coinbase I'll keep my spending money online. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 18:37:27
Not necessarily. If I understand the payment protocol, the simple hardware device gets a digitally signed message from the general purpose computer. The signed message can be verified using pre-established public keys. Your general purpose computer then requires no more trust than the Internet, which is already presumed to be untrustworthy. If the message has been altered anywhere along the way, either it's signature either won't match, or will report a different identity for the signer. This would require somewhat complicated PKI and an uncompromised hardware device, but I think it's the eventually fairly achievable. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 02:52:01
Your other key shouldn't be on the same computer. It's either printed on paper, or stored on a flash drive you'll only plug in if you need to recover that key. If your computer is compromised, it doesn't have the keys to initiate a transaction. The attacker could try to use the service, but you'd be notified and be able to cancel the transaction. 
As far as a fee for the transaction: I think the example I saw did have a small fee, but if they raised prices you could use your two keys to spend your BTC and cut them out of the transaction. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 21:32:52


Not really. We're comparing bitcoin to the dollar, with a discussion around interest rates. When concerned with interest, what happens to the value of currency is the relevant point, not the overall question of what is going on with the money supply. There is an assumption that the dollar will see inflation, the net effect for someone holding it is equivalent to negative interest. Likewise, bitcoin will eventually see deflation; the total supply of bitcoin might be static, but lost keys will lead to many bitcoin being essentially lost.  Again, the net effect for someone holding it is equivalent to positive interest. 
The way people are talking about inflation and deflation glosses over the cause of losing or gaining buying power by holding currency, but it's touching on the part that is important to this discussion. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 13:20:58
I'm with you. If the government has any involvement, I think it should be a voluntary certification program. Companies that aren't certified can't claim to be certified, and people might be wary about non-certified companies, but it leaves people the chance to evaluate their own risk tolerance, and make their own decisions rather than having the government protect everyone from their own decisions. 
@_date: 2014-08-22 12:34:07
This would be useful for organizations that want to take donations, but that's about it.
Bitcoin is most secure if you only use each address for a single transaction. If I'm a restaurant taking bitcoin, and I have one address for all my customers to remit payment to, I can end up in a scenario where two customers make a payment at the same time, and I don't know which customer the payment came from. If I generate a new address for every transaction and give each customer their own address, I know that transactions are complete when its address has the required coin in it.
There's also the matter of anonymity. Bitcoin transactions are anonymous because anyone can generate new addresses any time, and nobody knows who owns a given address. If you're registering your addresses with a name registry, people can use the blockchain to track people you transact with. 
Suppose I'm an employer who pays employees in bitcoin. I have addresses of all my employees that I send their wages to. If they send bitcoin to addresses in a registry, I can track who my employees are sending their money to. If they send bitcoin to a bunch of uniquely generated anonymous addresses, all I can tell is that my employees are spending their wages, but not where.
Tracking can go the other way. If I get payment from my employer, I can see what addresses have paid into the address that is paying me. I can then know who my employer (and potentially who my employer's customers) are transacting with.
Using name registration systems for addresses would be detrimental to the anonymity and transaction security of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-10 01:00:19
This is a very different beast. If I understand what's going on, there's no server side component to this web wallet. Everything is stored on the browser, and it uses third party services to transmit transactions. I think I could stick a copy of the site on my Dropbox public folder and it would run just as well from there.
@_date: 2016-03-28 00:58:32
I agree. The general support for someone who clearly broke the law by running a market for illegal goods and might even have hired a hit man to kill someone makes it hard to take the community seriously as an alternative to banking and traditional currency. I'm a Libertarian, and think things like the silkroad ought to be legal, but I'd rather the bitcoin community maintain an image of legitimacy, and idolization of Ulbricht is detrimental to that goal. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 12:52:36
The context of Greenspan's comment was the 2011 debt ceiling debate and the debt rating adjustment of US bonds. In that context he was right that bond holders didn't need to be concerned about current events because they could print money to pay bond holders if necessary. At that point there was very little risk of an inflationary spiral that would outpace inflation indexed bonds. 
The people I'm saying are wrong are those extrapolating to arbitrary government spending and thinking things like the Green New Deal can be funded through monetary expansion without consequences. That's clearly not what Greenspan meant by his comments. 
@_date: 2017-03-25 17:04:20
I sold a few weeks ago back and I'm buying back in now. 
@_date: 2019-03-28 12:00:03
The treasury issues some inflation indexed bonds. To a large degree inflation is a psychological phenomenon - people demand higher wages in anticipation of inflation, employers have to raise prices to get labor, and the cycle repeats. If people don't think there will be much inflation, they don't demand as big of a raise, so prices don't have to go up as much. If we get into an inflationary spiral, it may not be possible for the government to issue their way out of inflation indexed bonds. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 01:08:47
For a lot of cases that's probably true, but I still see a use case for private block chains. If a private block chain periodically publishes block hashes, they can later prove the state of their block chain at that point, and can't subsequently redact prior transactions while maintaining the published block hash. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 13:56:02
The scenario I could see playing out is some governments banning it while others allow it. Being legal in some places might keep its value from plummeting. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 12:58:47
Yeah. It could still be used, but a lot of businesses and people who need to maintain an air of legitimacy would quickly distance themselves from it. That would also force the price down if the only people valuing it are criminals. 
@_date: 2017-01-24 01:28:08
It's definitely not getting the full advantage of a block chain, but it has more auditability than a database. 
Suppose I have a dataset for which I publish hashes weekly. Between publications, I make changes frequently. If it's a database, I simply alter the state of the database. If it's a block chain, I'm appending new blocks. 
Suppose I publish hashes every Wednesday. I get hauled into court over some transaction that happened on a Monday two years ago. If I have hashes of a database, all I can do is pull out the database from the week prior to that particular Monday and the one from the week after that particular Monday. I have no record of the intermediate states for the day the transaction I'm being sued over occurred. But if I had a block chain, I'd have all the blocks that were appended that day, as certified the following Wednesday. 
What's more, I don't have to reveal the entire block chain. If I just need to provide the transactions that happened that Monday, I can provide the blocks between the two published hashes. That would prove the intermediate transactions were consistent with the published hashes, without having to reveal the blocks prior to the Wednesday prior to the Monday in question. 
The companies that are interested in private block chains are heavily regulated and this kind of auditability is valuable for compliance purposes  
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:01:03
Sure. Any estimation of its popularity is going to be speculation. 
If I were coinbase I'd be more concerned about the stability of the platform I've already promised  my users than scrambling to build infrastructure to support a new coin that doesn't have any obvious demand. They were up front about the fact that they don't intend to support BCC, and advised customers who care about BCC to withdraw their BTC in advance of the fork.
Coinbase supports just three crypto currencies. I'd say there are several higher on the list than BCC (which still hasn't mined a block six hours after forking), and the fact that BCC is forked from BTC shouldn't move it up their list of priorities relative to other coins they could support. 
@_date: 2017-08-13 22:37:52


To elaborate on this, as my attorney explained when I was getting a prenup:
Suppose you enter into a marriage with a bunch of assets. During the marriage you have some major emergency that costs a bunch of money. The person with the assets going into the marriage might say "I'm not liquidating my assets to pay for that" so the couple jointly takes on debt. When the divorce happens, the judge might decide not to split the debt evenly since one party could have avoided the debt in the first place but chose not to. 
I don't think not disclosing assets during a divorce is the best course of action. If those assets are significant, it's totally plausible your ex could layer prove that you had them at the time of the divorce, and sue you not just for the assets, but for punitive damages for failing to disclose them when you were legally obligated to do so. 
If you don't want to disclose them during the marriage, whatever, but if you're getting a divorce at least tell your attorney about them. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:19:25
Doesn't Segwit activate a month or two before the Segwit2x hard fork? That could alleviate the immediate problems, while one could still make an argument for 2x for future scalability. 
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:10:23
I tried to send my BTC Saturday afternoon, and it didn't even show up in the mempool until the wee hours of the morning on Monday. 
I already kept most of my coin in offline wallets, and used coinbase as kind of a convenient hot wallet I could use from my phone whenever I wanted. It's not a very convenient hot wallet if it takes 36 hours to initiate a transaction. 
I'm not that upset about it; I'll still use coinbase as a convenient way to buy and sell crypto, but I won't be considering it a convenient wallet after this. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 19:37:21
The mempool isn't guaranteed to be the same on all the nodes. If it were, we wouldn't need the chain for consensus. Additionally, current block validations only rely on information from the chain, which enables people to validate blocks years later. Since the mempool isn't part of the chain, it can't be used for validation after the fact, and thus probably shouldn't be used for validation in the first place. 
I suppose you could have blocks start including the mempool size, so that the next block would have to include a minimum number of transactions to follow it, but what if someone posts a block with an inflated mempool size, and there aren't enough transactions to make the next block? I suppose you keep mining on its parent until you create a new block, or you have enough transactions to work on a new block, but that could increase block times. 
Additionally, empty blocks still add value to the chain by increasing the permanence of the transactions in previous blocks. If I want to wait six blocks to consider a transaction valid, I'm okay with the blocks immediately after my transaction being empty since it gets me closer to the six confirmations. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 19:17:50
ETH and ETC had replay protection via smart contracts. You had to use it explicitly instead of implicitly, but it was there. That's a different beast than having no mechanism to keep a transaction from running on one chain or the other. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 12:47:45
In the simplest terms a block chain is a series of blocks of data where each block has some data and a reference to the parent block. If the reference to the parent block is a cryptographic hash of the parent block, the parent can't be altered without changing the hash and invalidating the reference to the parent. Since this is a chain of hashes, you couldn't change the data in any block without that change cascading to the hash of every subsequent block.
If they periodically publish the hash and later need to prove the state of the data at a given point in time, they would provide the full content of the block chain, which could be verified against the published hashes to prove they hadn't tampered with data that already existed when the hash was published. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:42:00
You can quickly run into the sunk cost fallacy though. If that were my wallet, the password is on par with a 160 bit key. Four million dollars won't brute force that. But you can never know how close you are, so turning it off now could be throwing away four million dollars. Even you've spent five million trying to recover it, you could recoup some of your costs if you keep going and find it. 
I'm not saying don't try to recover it, but know when to stop before you start. 
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:04:16
I don't know. I'm pretty much expecting the price of BCC to go to zero within a few hours of the fork and never recover. Most of the bitcoin community seems to hate the idea, and just intends to unload it to see if they can get anything for it. 
For an exchange that has a lot of code and process backing up their systems, coming up with a way to handle both coins just so it can go to zero within a few hours seems like a huge waste of time. So long as they were able to honor the withdrawals in advance of this whole thing I don't see it as a problem. 
I know that Coinbase has said that if BCC ever does become big enough to be worth dealing with, they'll retroactively credit people who had BTC in coinbase at the time of the split the corresponding BCC, but I don't blame them for not developing the infrastructure to do so up front. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 12:18:56
This is pretty close to how ethereum handles it. With Bitcoin, every client tracks UTXOs to validate transactions, but it's an implementation detail, not part of the protocol spec. If you make the UTXO database a standard format that can be hashed and included in each block, then clients can download the state, verify it against the hash in the latest block, use just block headers to ensure they're on the hardest chain, and know that they have the correct state without processing the entire state history of the block chain. In practice Ethereum downloads the state from 1000 blocks ago and fully processes the rest of the blocks to catch up. 
The one security feature that you lose with this approach is that if someone broke the state transition rules prior to the block you started processing, but the majority of the network accepted it and kept mining on top of it, you wouldn't know. When you just download the state, you're trusting that the network wouldn't have kept mining up to that point if a previous block had been invalid. 
@_date: 2017-08-01 20:01:39
Ether was premined though. Quite some time before the network went live, they had a pre-sale where you could buy a promise of Ether in exchange for BTC. They used the proceeds to help fund the development of Ethereum. I'm not sure what that has to do with locking up tokens and creating a bubble though.
@_date: 2017-08-05 20:43:31
The security of bitcoin comes from having a distributed set of people mining. If electricity becomes scarce the overall difficulty will drop, and collectively we won't need to expend as much energy mining. That becomes a problem for the network if a small group of people control the electricity, but so long as electricity is dispersed enough that no group controls a majority of the mining power the network can remain securely decentralized. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 11:37:39
Yes they're locked in the payment channel, but there's at least some notion that the lightning network will become a predominant way to send transactions, so why wouldn't you want it in a payment channel if you intend to spend it? 
@_date: 2016-11-03 13:49:44
The block chain makes it messier than a normal open source project. With the vast majority of open source projects you can have configuration options for people who disagree on different aspects of the application. If you can't reconcile differences, a fork is a maintenance inconvenience, but not really a problem for the end user.
With the block chain, the community pretty much has to reach a consensus or the block chain itself will be forked, impacting everyone who uses it. 
@_date: 2019-08-03 12:55:09
Not really. He's in charge of monetary policy, not fiscal policy. He's taking a jab at congress, not his own work.
@_date: 2019-02-27 12:32:21
I suspect they're using some off-the-shelf spellchecked textbox. The dev who picked it for Coinomi probably thought it was happening locally, and the dev who wrote the spellchecker in the first place probably thought nobody would spellcheck critical secrets. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:26:30
Yeah, but phones:
* Tend to have spottier internet connections than servers 
* Tend to get new IP addresses frequently, which is problematic for peer-to-peer protocols
* Often have limited data plans 
* Have limited battery life, and while a lightning node may be within the computational capacity of a phone, that doesn't make it battery friendly. 
@_date: 2019-02-27 17:16:18
The fact that Google returned a 400 error doesn't mean they didn't get the information. The request body could be logged despite not returning a result. In fact, in most of the organizations I've been involved with, error responses were much more likely to get human eyes on them than successful requests. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:55:19
Right, but if the concern is the health of the network, losing a node here and there doesn't matter. Basement nodes will drop at random times, and losing one has no impact on the health of the network. AWS nodes are more likely to drop in clusters, which will have more impact on the network as a whole.
That said, if you spread across multiple regions of AWS, a significant outage is unheard of, so I think this is overblown. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:18:06
If you want to route a transaction through me, I have to be online to sign the transaction. It's not the computational requirements, it's the availability that would make running on a phone infeasible. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:37:51
Part of the idea of the lightning network is that a bunch of nodes have a bunch of open channels, so if you want to send money to someone you don't have an open channel with, you can establish a route through other nodes that collectively have enough money in open channels to make the payment. To participate as one of the other nodes, your node has to be online when you're not making a transaction. You don't necessarily need to do that to send transactions, but the lightning network depends on the existence of those nodes to scale. 
@_date: 2015-07-20 13:58:12
That's not necessarily true. If I get my paycheck in bitcoin, my employer knows what address they sent the payment to. They can also see what addresses I make payments to, anonymity only comes from the fact that they don't know who that address belongs to. If hackers posted what addresses were used to make payments, it would be possible for people who had made payments to that address or received other payments from that address to correlate it back to the person they had transacted with. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:49:38
SHA isn't the problem, the issue is with the public / private key system. In a post quantum world, private keys will be derived from public keys. If they can do so quickly enough, once you've transmitted a transaction the private key could be calculated and used to sign an alternative transaction sending the funds somewhere else.
Since addresses are a hash of the key, public keys aren't known until you've sent a transaction. I would expect that early in the post quantum era, it will take longer to compute private keys than the block time, so as long as you send the whole balance if an address the first time you use it you should be okay. But eventually quantum computers will improve, and even that won't be a safe way to send transactions.
There are post-quantum asymmetric encryption algorithms, but they are much more expensive in terms of both key size and computation time. Suffice to say that quantum computing will be a setback for bitcoin, but probably not a death blow. 
@_date: 2019-04-25 12:07:21
Any coins stored at addresses that have never sent any transactions have not revealed their keys. You can send your change to a new address after every transaction, so you can continually keep your coins in addresses that have never revealed their keys. The remaining risk is that you reveal your public keys when you submit transactions to the mempool, but presumably in the early days of quantum computers it will still take hours, days, or weeks to derive the private key from the public key, so mempool transactions should be safe for long enough to migrate to a post-quantum signature algorithm.
@_date: 2016-02-04 12:20:21




It's true if the sidechains support [merged mining]( 
@_date: 2017-04-02 13:24:28
But that'd only looking at the wins / losses in quantity of bitcoin, not value of bitcoin. If bitcoin is a more successful currency it's value will go up. At least for now while the block reward is still multiple Bitcoin, an increase in the value of the currency probably dwarfs an increase in the quantity of the currency from transactions fees. 
@_date: 2019-04-20 12:07:47
I don't know if it's still around, but there used to be a company that was set up with direct deposit infrastructure where you could give your employer your account details for this company and they'd convert what they received to BTC and deposit it in the address associated with the account number (after a fee, of course).
@_date: 2019-04-25 12:20:38
Some clients take care of it for you. I expect that will get more common as the threat of quantum computers seems more imminent. For now, I keep anything in long term storage in addresses that have never sent any transactions.
@_date: 2018-03-17 13:31:17
They still do. If you create a wallet they will encrypt the JSON file you download, and give you a paper wallet you can download that is also encrypted with the password you put in while creating a wallet. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 11:51:40


Other people have hit the diversification point, but there's another point that hasn't been raised. Stocks are ownership in companies that are creating things, and their value comes from the things that the companies create (or are expected to create in the future) rather than just the expectation that other people are going to want them more in the future. Bitcoin doesn't inherently create anything. It's value comes from scarcity, ease of trade, and a set of unbreakable rules about how it is created and exchanged. For bitcoin to be worth anything we still need to have people creating goods and services to exchange it for, and that's where stocks come in.
Now, I wouldn't put any money into bonds or other investments vehicles that are denominated in dollars. If the dollar crashes and bitcoin takes over, bonds will still be paid back in dollars. Stocks will continue to be a share in a company, so as long as the company you hold stock in survives the turmoil you'll still own your stake in the company. Some companies probably wouldn't survive a major crash, but that's where diversification comes in. 
The other thing to consider: I don't know how closely you've followed quantum computing, but it's made some significant strides in the last few years, and if it continues at this pace some of the important math behind modern crypto currencies falls apart. That's not necessarily an immediate death knell for crypto currencies, but it will be a huge setback. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 13:07:00
Seems unlikely. 
@_date: 2017-09-08 12:22:10
FYI, the creation of new currency is often colloquially referred to as "printing money" even if no paper currency is literally printed. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 16:08:44
I dunno. I expect the government and the media to pick a scapegoat so the broken system can keep doing what it's doing. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:51:16


That's true, but when the government prints new money, who gets it? It's not like the freshly minted dollars are being distributed equally across the population. It goes to those who already have power, which coincides with those who already have money.
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:26:07
The one caveat on the security of a fast sync:
With a fast sync you're guaranteed that 
* You are on the most difficult chain 
* You have the correct state for the current block.
It does not validate every state transition of every block in the chain, which means if the entire network accepted a state change that violated state transition rules you wouldn't know it if you did your initial sync some months later. But if every node at the time accepted it, and the hardest chain includes that state change, as far as the network is concerned you have the correct state. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 13:50:22
I agree that it's not a big problem, but that's the one downside to a fast sync as opposed to a full sync. If the network as a whole considers a particular block to be valid, refusing to sync because of an older state change doesn't seem very useful. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 18:19:11
I think Quorum is an interesting technology, and not necessarily inconsistent with his position on bitcoin.
Quorum is essentially an ethereum fork that operates on proof-of-authority instead of proof-of-work. Essentially you can have a consortium of businesses running their own nodes and signing off on each successive state. Each member of the consortium signs off on each state change, thus nobody in the consortium can later claim they weren't informed of or disagree with the outcome of something that happened on the blockchain.
So for example, rather than using the current Automated Clearinghouse, which takes a surprisingly long time in the modern era for transactions to complete between banks, a consortium of banks could elect to settle up through a contract on Quorum. You could do similar settlements for other assets like stocks, bonds, commodity contracts, etc. And without proof-of-work, block times can be pretty low.
Notably, Quorum is only intended to help a consortium of groups agree on state changes. It doesn't come with its own currency that they're trying to get people to assign value to, it's just a mechanism for distributed consensus, where "distributed" is a much smaller scale than Bitcoin or Ethereum try to operate on. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 12:06:20
It doesn't necessarily mean that their testing was super rigorous. I've found bugs in libraries on several occasions, usually during development while trying to use a feature of a library in a slightly different way than most of the people using that library. Usually these kinds of issues turn up during basic functional testing, not necessarily rigorous stress testing. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 20:06:00
Sure, if you knew it was a 160 bit key. But the vast majority of people's passwords aren't that complex, and if you have a good password based key derivation function you have no way to know whether the initial password is strong or not. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:28:54


The public / private key system is Elliptic curve cryptography, which is definitely at risk with quantum computing.


Given how hard it was to raise the block size, forgive me for being skeptical. Quantum resistant alternatives have either *massive* key sizes, or are a *lot* more computationally intensive. Both of those have pretty significant implications for scaling. 
@_date: 2015-04-13 12:24:36
Part of the reason debt has interest is that payback isn't guaranteed, so that loan carries risk. It's true that it can't all be paid back, but given that some people default on their loans it's not necessarily the case that the entire system is unstable because money is generated from interest bearing loans. 
That's not to say I think our current system of allocating new currency is a good one, but I don't think collapse is as you describe. 
@_date: 2016-10-20 12:46:19
You mean the CEO of Bitcoin, right? 
@_date: 2016-10-08 12:34:57
This is true of much of your online presence. They may need information about various online accounts, etc. Here's how I address it. 
Google has an inactive account manager that will notify a person of your choice after three months of inactivity. This notification will give my wife instructions on where to find my password manager file, and where to find the password for that file (they're not stored together). That will give her access to any of my important online accounts, as well things like my Bitcoin and Ethereum wallets.  
@_date: 2016-10-14 12:30:01
This works for Apple, who get to build a good UX and sell it millions of times over. I see people try to apply the same reasoning to back office software that will be used by a single department or government agency. The result is often that I could have built something to meet their needs in two weeks, but because they started with UX and want me to build the technology to make it happen, I'll need a team of people and six months. 
@_date: 2016-10-20 17:54:32
I'm not talking about the hardware parts of the Internet though. 
Arpanet was born in the late 1960s. It used a protocol called NCP. TCP/IP didn't come along for half a decade. Email took a decade and a half. Http took two decades to come along. Even if you had access to the Internet in the eighties and nineties, it wasn't very user friendly, and not just because of the hardware limitations. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:54:27


More like segwit would have broken their ASICs, so they went with a chain where their ASICs would still work. 
@_date: 2016-10-20 13:01:51
I think comparing bitcoin to the state of the Internet when it was eight years old is more appropriate than comparing to PayPal at eight years old. Bitcoin (and the idea of block chains in general) are a low level tool for building on top of, not an end-user product. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 14:10:46
Not necessarily.
If the technology is still a few years out Bitcoin could adapt. I don't know how familiar you are with the internals of bitcoin. We tend to think of bitcoin being in an address, but the reality is that you have unspent transaction outputs which can be spent by anyone who can provide inputs to satisfy a script associated with that transaction output. The usual convention is to specify a script involving an address that can be satisfied by having the key associated with that address. 
If you extended the scripting language to support addresses backed by a different signing schemes, the bitcoin block chain could simultaneously accommodate multiple signing mechanisms. This is why addresses are all prefixed with a version string. 
Additionally, bitcoin addresses are a hash of a public key. The public key isn't widely available until the first time you spend coins from that address. Any realistic attacks are going to be deriving the private key from the public key, but deriving the public key from the address isn't really viable. So long as deriving a private key from a public key takes more than the time to verify a few blocks, coins would be safe so long as you moved all coins from an address at once, as nobody would have the public key for the new address, just the hash. This isn't a desirable long-term solution, but it could manage a pretty safe transition from one signing algorithm to another. 
@_date: 2015-11-12 13:20:21
Freezing doesn't mean it all gets taken away and never returned, it means you don't have access to it until its fate is decided by a court. 
Suppose I reported my car stolen. Somebody gets pulled over and arrested in my car. Before he goes to trial, the thief says "hey, I should be able to sell that car I was in to pay for my legal defense. I haven't been convicted yet, so until you can prove in court that I stole it, it should be mine to sell." 
If the court is going to be establishing ownership of assets, the assets shouldn't be available to either party until ownership is established. It's not a punishment before conviction, it's protecting assets that may belong to someone other than the accused. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 13:39:42
Rather than having Wrte.io control the bitcoin, it would be cool to see them implement a [bip32]( based system where users could give them a seed to generate public keys. They could generate a new address for each sender or email and verify that the BTC has been sent, but never actually know the private keys, so the BTC is always in control of the recipient. 
@_date: 2016-10-21 00:47:51
Not quite how I'd frame it, but essentially yes. 
The Internet had a series of advancements that built on each other to go from a technology that was basically unusable by all but the most committed technical users, to a technological backbone for technologies so easy to use that my three year old uses it without knowing the Internet even exists.
Bitcoin, if it's not superceded by some other block chain technology, will likely see similar patterns. When Bitcoin started, the only way to use it was to retain your own complete copy of the block chain. Today there are all sorts of tools for interacting with the block chain, ranging from bitcoin core to Electrum to Coinbase. They make things simpler than it was eight years ago, but you still generally have to have an understanding of miners fees, blocks, confirmations, private keys, addresses, etc. I think that it's only a matter of time before those concepts are abstracted away behind technologies that use the block chain as a medium of exchange in ways that typically users don't need to under to use the technology. 
@_date: 2016-10-16 12:19:21


To be clear, the energy requirements for quantum computing are still as described in the graphic, there are just algorithms that don't require an exhaustive search to go from private key to public key. 
@_date: 2016-10-14 17:18:53
But there's a difference between user experience and function. One of the major innovations Tim Berners-Lee came up with for the web was allowing links to break. There had been some similar efforts prior, but they all presumed that broken links were unacceptable from a UX perspective, and adopted a lot of complexity to prevent it. Allowing broken links allowed the technology to scale in a way that wouldn't have been possible otherwise. 
Bitcoin was designed to fulfill a given function, with an expectation that user experience could be dealt with once the block chain existed. If you start with UX, you end up with Apple Pay, which is easier to use today, but doesn't address the same set of problems. 
@_date: 2016-10-21 02:48:00
The fundamental innovation of Bitcoin is for a distributed network of systems to agree on a set of facts without any single authority to arbitrate the facts.
It will always be less complicated for a centralized system to be the authority for facts on a network than for distributed nodes on a network to agree on their own. Making a change to a decentralized system requires a collective agreement to the change, which tends to be slower than the centralized scenario where the authority can simply implement the change and force it upon the clients.
But central authorities require you to place trust in them. Using my credit card is easier than using Bitcoin. But in doing so, I'm allowing my bank to track every purchase I make. As a merchant, accepting credit cards is somewhat easier than using Bitcoin, but there's a risk that a bank will just deny payment for reasons outside my control, and I'll be out the merchandise.
I doubt that decentralized systems will ever be able to reach feature and usability parity with centralized systems, but that doesn't mean there's no value in them.
@_date: 2017-07-24 16:07:46
I don't think this is right. If you can prove someone is violating your patent for something they're doing internally, you can take action against them. But it's much easier to prove someone is infringing your patent on a product they sell than it is on something they use as part of an internal process. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 15:11:21
She already has access to the essential stuff; the email covers a handful of things I'd like her to have, but aren't immediately important. I've also told her what's in the email, so it's mostly in case she can't remember the details. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 00:56:54
A few years back I read a detailed explanation of how they protect their coins. They keep a certain amount in hot wallets to serve normal demand. The rest they keep in offline wallets. 
The offline wallets are stores in bank safety deposit boxes, and they have to access boxes at multiple banks to get the information to reconstruct the keys (I believe this explanation predated common multisig tools, so I they may be using multisig wallets now). 
In any case, if they have to go to multiple banks to get the data they need to reconstruct the keys, it's not as simple as you describe. 
@_date: 2017-07-31 00:57:30
While you're digging into my history trying to find me, you might find that in graduate school I published a paper on a duress password system for encrypted volumes that will irrevocably destroy the content of the volume. You can hit me with your wrench, but if I put in my duress password instead of my decryption password there would be no amount of hitting that could compel me to unlock my password manager. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 12:01:13
Here's the approach I took:
Google has an "account inactivity feature" where if you don't touch your Google account for three months it will turn over control of the account to a person you choose, as well as send them an email you write in advance. 
If I die, my wife eventually gets that email. It will tell her where in our house to find the password to my password manager. The password manager has passwords to a lot of important accounts. Among them, it has the password to the bip38 encrypted paper wallets found in our fire safe (with backups in my dad's safe at his house). 
There's no single thing you could find to steal my bitcoin. If you hack my Google account and get the email prepared for my wife, you still need access to my home to actually find the password to my password manager. If you get my password manager without the password, it's encrypted. If you get the password without context, it's not obvious what it goes to. If you get the paper wallets without the password manager and it's password, you can't unlock the keys. 
@_date: 2019-05-21 15:41:37
If people are concerned about hyper-inflation they'll attempt to get out of USD into assets they expect to retain value (and in doing so increase demand for those investment vehicles). Dollar denominated investments like bonds will certainly go with it, but things like stocks and cryptocurrencies have no peg to the dollar.
In the late '70s and early '80s inflation got up over 14%. At the same time, stock market returns were well over 20% even for low risk stocks and the price of gold nearly doubled.
@_date: 2017-06-10 14:52:09




If there is a powerful enough segment of the community to block it, then there's definitely disagreement. 
@_date: 2017-07-08 19:24:04
That doesn't require a consensus in the same sense that the block size debate does. People can start using ip6 before it has general adoption, and thus people can slowly adopt it in parallel with ip4 until adoption is high enough that people can start abandoning ip4. My ISP has assigned me an ip6 address, and uses that for communicating with any services that support it. Right now there are enough services that don't support it that ISPs can't really afford not to give their customers access to ip4 addresses, and there are enough ISPs that don't support it that most services can't afford to disregard ip4 clients, but that's gradually shifting. 
The block size debate can't be solved with partial adoption by different segments of the community and a gradual shift to a different system. The community has to agree almost unanimously to make the switch at a very specific time. 
@_date: 2016-07-23 17:30:37
It works by setting the least significant bits of each color channel. You don't need the original picture, you just need to look at the least significant bits. Changes to the least significant bit is unnoticeable to the human eye, but easy for a computer to analyze.
That said, frequency analysis attacks make it pretty easy to determine when this sort of data hiding is used, though if you have a good password that doesn't make it any easier to extract.
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:35:14
Yes, and it was introduced to the 115th congress, which sits until January 3rd. It would have to be passed by both chambers in the next two weeks to become law. That might be possible for critical bills, but it won't happen here. They might reintroduce the bill for the 116th congress, which would give me a bit more hope.
Honestly, I'm kind of surprised they could introduce a bill this late. I've worked with several state legislatures, and they all have a filing deadline about a month and a half before the end of session. Filing bills after that time requires a vote to suspend the rules. I guess the federal government doesn't have those filing deadlines? 
@_date: 2016-07-23 18:44:20
Pictures aren't usually made up of uniformly distributed noise. 
See the Wikipedia article about [steganalysis]( for a high level analysis, or [Stegdetect]( for an off-the-shelf tool. 
@_date: 2016-07-23 17:41:47
This is security through obscurity. It relies on your attacker not knowing that you're hiding your wallet in images. Once they know your technique, there's no way to re-key and gain back your security measures.
It's really easy to use frequency analysis to identify images which are being used for steganography. The difference isn't apparent to humans, but it would take a computer seconds to scan thousands of images and identify which ones likely contain hidden payloads. 
At that point you might as well just have a normal encrypted wallet. This doesn't make things any worse than having just an encrypted wallet, but it doesn't make things measurably better either.
@_date: 2018-12-25 23:09:39
There are no theoretical quantum algorithms that could break sha256. It's possible that there could be, but it's also possible that there could be conventional computing algorithms that could do it.
As far as Ethereum ASICs, they're not substantially more energy efficient than graphics cards, they're just cheaper to manufacture. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:44:16
The thing is, it will have to be introduced in that congress. They don't just carry over. 
@_date: 2017-06-14 17:52:59
Multisig wallets make this interesting. If I hold one key for a 2 of 2 wallet, I genuinely don't control any bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 04:25:27
Eh... You shouldn't feel any worse about that than the few bucks you spent on coffee or beer. The reality is that any money you spent on trivial things then could have been spent on bitcoin. The fact that you had some bitcoin and chose to spend it is no worse than having some cash and choosing not to buy bitcoin with it. Arguably, spending bitcoin then was more valuable than spending equivalent cash, because you were helping stimulate the bitcoin economy. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:54:19
One thing that bugs me is that everything you need to use my credit card is handed to every merchant I use my card with. With bitcoin, they get a signed transaction that is in no way useful for accessing my other funds. 
It would be entirely possible for credit cards to work this way, but the incentives are set up so that the people capable of fixing the problem aren't the same people who suffer from the problem, so they don't expend the effort to fix it. 
@_date: 2017-06-10 12:48:18


Eh... Fixing the internet's scaling problems didn't require a consensus. Individual service providers could increase their capacity, and those that didn't lost customers to those who did. There are obvious technical solutions to Bitcoin's scaling problems, but the problems have been exacerbated by the community's inability to agree on one. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 11:47:27
Even so, if companies see increases in revenue because they accept Bitcoin, other companies will follow suit. If there are more people accepting Bitcoin, they have more utility and thus more value. The key is convincing merchants that Bitcoins are worth their time. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 23:06:15
In all seriousness, that probably helped the uptake of bitcoin. I got my first partial bitcoin from bittip. I'd been watching bitcoin from a distance for a while, but that spurred me to get a coinbase account and a wallet set up. I now hold slightly over 1 BTC, as well as some other crypto currencies. I'm not sure I would have made the leap were it not for the random dude on reddit who tipped me for a comment. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 04:26:33
No. They hold their private keys, you send them an address to send funds to. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 20:28:55
I assume the machine doesn't. The machine just provides a code that allows the user to prove to the website that they put the money in the kiosk, or prove to the kiosk that they sent bitcoins to the website. The exchange rate is established at the time of the online transaction, the kiosk is just there for handling cash exchange.
@_date: 2013-12-28 14:17:24
That could be even worse. If you just use one transaction per address, you know that any coins sent to that address are a part of that transaction. Even if more coins come in later you know who they should be affiliated with. If the identifier you use can point to different addresses, someone might think they're sending money based to the same place they previously sent it, but in fact they're sending it to an address associated with someone else's transaction. 
The only utility I can see for this sort of addressing system would be for places like Sean's outpost that take donations from anyone willing to give, with no need to track a donation back to a donor. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 22:56:17
I've always thought of web wallets as walking around money. I might have a couple hundred dollars cash on my person, but if that disappears I can still make all my bills.
Right now I don't have enough BTC that I'd be bothered if they went up in smoke. If I did, I'd keep a passworded offline wallet with a couple of backup copies. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:01:36
There's an open source community edition you can host yourself. It was free until pretty recently, but I think hosting costs started to get prohibitive. It's still free for early adopters. They only accept Bitcoin, to avoid having any personal information that's not encrypted before it's sent to them. 
As far as offline: it has a downloadable version that works just like the online version (you even need your credentials to decrypt the passwords). The only thing you can't do offline is add passwords.
I'm not affiliated with clipperz, I'm just a happy user who has studied their source, and is fairly satisfied that if the javascript they're serving you doesn't change, they're not going to get any usable information from you. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 15:04:53
I disagree. For direct payments, people should use unique addresses for every transaction to avoid confusion about what the coins are for. Addresses should be ephemeral, not something you create a permanent name for. What we need is for end users to interact with addresses less directly.
I think the best approach would be to have a standard way for merchants to generate a transaction (payment address, # BTC required) send that to a client, who can accept or refuse the transaction and automatically pay it.
Some mobile apps do this, but I don't think there's really a standard way to do it. There should be a standard URI type format, and people should be able to send it around like hyperlinks, or via QR codes or NFC. Wallet applications should all know how to handle it, so it's not like the current scenario where you can do what I described if you're both using the same wallet app. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 13:58:39
I don't think that the solutions will be new technology. 
Banks already face many of the same problems. If your dad's bank account has the same credentials as his coinbase account, what protects that?
You can have two factor authentication, so just knowing the password isn't sufficient for sending money (coinbase already does this).
Banks also try to analyze transactions to detect fraudulent transactions. If I try to spend more than a grand out of my checking account (aside from certain recurring transactions like my mortgage), I have to confirm the transaction. It can be inconvenient, but it offers protection. I also get notified if my card is used in new cities, to help detect misuse. 
But the biggest thing that protects my bank account is the bank's liability. Right now bitcoin web wallets are pretty unregulated, but I suspect there will come a time when either the government requires such organizations to insure against fraudulent transactions, or you'll start seeing companies offer insured web wallet at a premium.
Things like offline wallets and bip 0038 will be helpful to the people trying to create those services, but I don't see the user experience on those technologies getting easy enough that my mother could use them. 
Even if most people manage their money through bitcoin banks, I still see that as a substantial improvement over traditional banks, as technically savvy people won't have to do it themselves. There will be more room for innovation than traditional banks, and less room for banks to lock in customers. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 14:10:17
My inclination would be to tie the refund amount to fiat, and make that explicit in your policies. 
If you refund the same value of bitcoins, you create risk for yourself when bitcoin value rises. If someone brought your product while BTC is trading at $500, then next week BTC is trading at $1,200, they get a refund of what they paid in BTC, then buy the product again for less than half the price they'd paid before.
In a sense, you create an opportunity for people to hedge against price fluctuations of BTC, at your expense. 
@_date: 2013-12-15 14:18:26
Coinbase doesn't attach specific coins to specific people. It has a big pool of coins (much of which is offline), and pays transaction requests from the available pool. You can generate an address for sending yourself coins, because that's the best way for them to associate incoming coins with specific people, but once the coins arrive in that account they're part of a pool. The coins sent to your address might be transferred to cold storage, or used to pay a transaction on behalf of another account. The coins in addresses associated with your account may add up to more or less than the credits to your account, so it's not a useful thing to monitor for the value of your account. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 12:57:48
Personally I'd treat any mobile wallet app as useful for storing walking around money. I wouldn't keep any more on my phone (or a web wallet) than I'd keep cash in the leather wallet I keep in my back pocket.
Right now I don't have enough to worry about, but if I ever get a substantial sum I'll keep most of it offline and put what I plan to spend in the short term in a convenient web wallet. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:12:12
I agree with you in terms of how easy Bitcoin needs to be to use. I think it will soon boil down to clicking a link or scanning a barcode (or nfc tag, or equivalent of tomorrow), your wallet program will pop up and ask you to approve the transaction, and you'll be done. 
But questions to the viability of Bitcoin won't be smoothed out by better UX developments, and I think it's silly to suggest we need to have the same conversations repeatedly instead of pointing to a page that does a better job of addressing the concern than the typical forum user could. 