@_author: auskji
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:53:48
The power of turing complete contracts is also that it harnesses the creativity of developers. Look at  to see all the stuff that has already been created. Of course only a small part will actually be used, but at least people (who are not core developers) can create stuff. And that is soooo important to get people enthusiastic about a technology. If you are a developer, but not a core developer, but an outsider, and you have a free Sunday, what can you do with Bitcoin? Bitcoin is extremely useful, but it is not that easy to add something to the ecosystem. 
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:53:39
Except with the bribe you're making a lot of assumptions about the distribution of Rep, the bribers, the bribees, method of bribery. With an exit scam you just need the main dude to walk away. And so how do people typically avoid exit scams? By keeping their funds off the site. Good luck trading back and forth in an active prediction market when you have to wait to send Btc to a website. Much easier/cleaner to use Augur. Btc users seem to be completely tone deaf when it comes to user experience. Fear of an exit scam is a legitimate concern. Game theoretic bribes are just theories for now. 
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:53:29
One thing that immediately jumped out to me was the Terbium reference.
And then there is this:
"As a thought experiment, imagine there was a base metal as scarce as gold but with the following properties:
– boring grey in colour
– not a good conductor of electricity
– not particularly strong, but not ductile or easily malleable either
– not useful for any practical or ornamental purpose
and one special, magical property:
– can be transported over a communications channel
If it somehow acquired any value at all for whatever reason, then anyone wanting to transfer wealth over a long distance could buy some, transmit it, and have the recipient sell it.
Maybe it could get an initial value circularly as you’ve suggested, by people foreseeing its potential usefulness for exchange. (I would definitely want some) Maybe collectors, any random reason could spark it.
I think the traditional qualifications for money were written with the assumption that there are so many competing objects in the world that are scarce, an object with the automatic bootstrap of intrinsic value will surely win out over those without intrinsic value. But if there were nothing in the world with intrinsic value that could be used as money, only scarce but no intrinsic value, I think people would still take up something.
(I’m using the word scarce here to only mean limited potential supply)"
-Satoshi 
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:53:20
I learned to type in the United States in the 1980s on Royal manuals, and an IBM Selectric. (Our final test was on a version of the IBM with no markings on any of the keys, just the nubs on the f and j keys in the home row.
The US High School typing manuals we used taught two spaces after a period. Trying to tie the use of period, space, space to any particular country or region seems silly.
More material to me is the use of the word mining. That is interesting. Not enough text there to really do a close evaluation comparison with known Satoshi writings, though.
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:54:00
Sure you can nitpick and say nothing is 100%, like to say you aren't 100% sure an object will fall due to gravity this time if you release it.
I personally have USD on finex which I would like to take off. However the price is inflated so I'd be paying a 5% premium to trade it to crypto and withdraw. If there were no friction, I would simply cashout the USD, buy bitcoins on stamp, deposit to finex and sell for a 5% profit.
Arbitrage is what keeps markets aligned. Friction makes arbitrage difficult/impossible. There is no friction at bitstamp. There is friction at finex. If you are having doubts about what's causing the gap between finex/stamp, then you lack clear understanding of markets.
I don't mean to be abrasive or rude, but unlike many speculative opinions in the cyrpto world, this is quite clear-cut.
