@_author: aussiemazza
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:20:51
If you're worried, go and watch some recent Andreas Antonopoulos videos on YouTube, follow people on Twitter who actually know their stuff (Andreas again, Jameson Lopp, Ari Paul, Naval Ravikant to name but a few) and if you own Bitcoin, make sure it's stored safely and HODL. So much work is going into this tech and it's really just the beginning. People just getting into Bitcoin and crypto expect 1 billion percent returns in days then piss and moan when it doesn't happen. We're witnessing the birth of a new asset class, an asset class that can be improved by the users, for the users! Have a longer term view and realise that it's not all about the dollar value assigned to it. We're trying to use current valuation methodologies on something extremely difficult to value. Over time things will stabilise. Until then, enjoy the ride and keep learning!
@_date: 2019-03-18 06:42:35
The vast majority of 'educated' people I have spoken to about Bitcoin haven't made any effort to understand it. 
I'm far from an expert, but even when I quiz them on some of the basics they have zero idea. The majority also cite that we don't need Bitcoin as we already have a banking system / electronic payment methods etc. They don't even realise that countries outside of the western world can be greatly helped by the technology. It's not until you direct them that way (e.g. countries such as Venezuela and Zimbabwe using it as a currency) that they even start to see the bigger picture. 
Further to this, when I suggest ways they can easily learn more about it, such as watching Andreas Antonopoulous' videos on the basics, they baulk at the opportunity. 
Essentially, to them it's all a fad and not worth any of their time. 
(Note - by educated I'm referring to academics, degree-holders etc, which by no means guarantees general intelligence)
@_date: 2018-02-15 03:30:08
Bitcoin is backed up by the huge network that supports it, and its decentralised and censorship-resistant nature makes it hugely valuable now and even more valuable going forward. 
Buying Bitcoin is like being able to 'buy' TCP/IP when the internet was just forming. Bitcoin is the simply the transport layer and currency is only the first application. Many more will follow. 
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:31:00
True, but there was still some fiat to be made in these swaps and by allowing people to do their swapping and realise a capital gain (or loss) upon conversion to fiat, I would have though that was common sense and fair but clearly world governments don't understand this and want to make it as complicated as possible.....
@_date: 2019-09-13 02:12:15
Finally, some common sense!
I've always wondered why this isn't the case everywhere. 
In relation to this I've cited the example of basketball (or other collectible) cards:
* 1) You purchase a rare card for $10,000.
* 2) You swap said rare card for other cards worth $10,500 ($500 gain, but no money has exchanged hands).
* 3) You later sell all of your cards (i.e. 'convert' the cards to fiat currency) for $12,000
Realistically, your capital gain is $2,000 ($10k &gt; $12k) so you should only be taxed on that gain. 
Under most Governments around the world, you are taxed from step 1 &gt; step 2, even if you don't have any money to pay the 'capital gain' you made when swapping one item for another item (under step 2 above).
This applies in a much larger sense to crypto and it's the primary reason I haven't done any crypto trading. I don't want to log capital gains and losses each time I 'swap' one crypto for another.
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:22:03
Yup, absolutely agree with this. The legal system takes far too long to catch up to progress in the real world.