@_author: austuy
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:44:21
Not safe. Just better than.
I still have 95% of my investments in fiat. But the 5% in crypto has done much, much, much better than the fiat investments since I started in Jan. 2014 (just after the first BTC peak). And I've been beating the S&amp;P500 with my fiat investments each year for quite a few years to boot.
I kinda feel sorry for the naysayers who refuse to invest anything in crypto and just keep getting more and more envious. Just accept it as a new asset class and get some skin in the game already.
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:43:42
Bitcoin is not having any issues at this time. It has to develop a fee market (and a continually-present backlog of transactions in the mempool) over the next decade for the system to work at all. This has been understood since the very beginning. If the "issues" that you refer to are in regards to the mempool or rising fees, then they are not issues at all, they are just signs that Bitcoin is working and growing as designed.
If the "issues" that you mean are that people in the community disagree about how to alter the network's consensus settings, then I am happy to inform you that this is not a problem either! It is a good thing, actually.
Bitcoin's value proposition relies on such gridlock. If it were easy to mutate (like centralized coins such as Ethereum are), then the ultimate token finitude would not be "guaranteed" (or as close to it as possible) and the whole thing would be doomed over the long term.
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:44:56
There's another issue to consider here. Personally, I prefer 'bits' (microbitcoin) and that's how I have my wallets set to display prices. I'll skip the reasons, because there's another issue.
We hope and expect to receive an ISO currency code (XBT) for bitcoin. What denomination do we want XBT to represent? What are the criteria? Getting a Unicode symbol was easy compared to getting a currency code.
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:44:04
It's not safe to say. Bitcoin can not be predicted. If it could be predicted someone would make a lot of money on he prediction thus changing he predicted outcome. Bitcoin might go down do 700 or 400 or 0. It might never again drop below 1000. Nothing is safe to say.
There are almost certainly entites buying up large swaths of coin to either use as some kind of leverage or to portion up and sell to others or as an investment. There are likely thousands of people who can spend 300k dollars without even breaking a sweat.
Bitcoin is still small potatoes for the big fish. That's why the market fluctuate so wildly.
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:44:58
 believe bits would be great for mainstream adoption for newcomers. Today I set my mom up with her first bitcoin wallet. She is totally new to bitcoin but wanted to learn. So I installed Breadwallet on her Iphone which defaults to using bits. I sent her $20 dollars worth which showed up as 20,000 bits automatically. She was was super happy when she saw the 20,000 amount pop up. After explaining to her the different ways of denominating bitcoins I asked her if she preferred bits over BTC or mBTC to which she replied" I like bits because the bigger amount makes me feel like I have a lot of money in bitcoins and the name is catchy too." I was sold on bits from that moment on.
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:42:01
Initial NATO planning for a possible no-fly zone took place in late February and early March,[80] especially by NATO members France and the United Kingdom.[81] France and the UK were early supporters of a no-fly zone and had sufficient airpower to impose a no-fly zone over the rebel-held areas, although they might need additional assistance for a more extensive exclusion zone.
The US had the air assets necessary to enforce a no-fly zone, but was cautious about supporting such an action prior to obtaining a legal basis for violating Libya's sovereignty. Furthermore, due to the sensitive nature of military action by the US against an Arab nation, the US sought Arab participation in the enforcement of a no-fly zone.
They're part of NATO. They must assist NATO operations.
@_date: 2017-02-02 22:44:34
So I think they were prepared for the students. Usually when the students protest its just sit-ins and they just refuse to move. It usually doesn't get violent.
I think the issue was this Antifa group that showed up. I'm not sure if the cops were prepared but they were definitely undermanned and underprepared. But even if they had enough people I think it would've been tough. This group was totally stealthy. They were the ones causing damage, but as soon as the cops would step up they would fade away. Similarly with the other crowds. Occasionally they'd beat someone with their metal sticks, and then run off. I think had the cops gone in to try to grab them they would've just hidden away.
This was pretty bad, and looking back on their Twitter feeds and Facebook groups there were definitely plans for this anarchist group to show up and ruin everything.