@_author: austindhill
@_date: 2015-12-05 03:41:17
There are many more deployment &amp; security assumptions / models for securing sidechains via merged mining and threshold federations.   I congratulate Rootstock on the release of this important paper - but the idea that the security is limited to either SPV-level security or Bitcoin level full node check &amp; balances is not a binary option.
I will admit that we (i.e. Blockstream) and others using the sidechain open source environment to introduce new sidechains need to publish more on the various methods of securing sidechains in both the threshold federated model, the fully merged mined model and the hrybrid models that allow for more flexible alignment of security and economic models to be aligned.
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:56:40
Cryptographic entropy isn't just about grabbing whatever randomness factors you can think of to throw together.
Please actually consult with real cryptographers, cypherpunks before trusting anything on r/bitcoin for any cryptographic protocol design.  I've seen so many cryptographic implementations and attempted applications so easily broken because of bad entropy.   I've seen multi-million user bitcoin web wallets using bad cloud based architecture who were vulnerable to these attacks.
Read,  Minding your P's &amp; Q's to even get a start of any idea of what your asking.
It's like asking everyone to beat box into their phones randomly to not only create a secure entropy seed but also create a new back beat to be used by every top hip hop artist at the same time.  Universally stupid.
(ps Linux based entropy via mechanisms that Mike_hearn comments on aren't stupid, and use well known sources of multiple entropy streams.  Use them, don't try your own)
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:06:05
Just to clarify - I did tell the author that the environment has become toxic even though he didn't attribute that to me as a direct quote.   Examples I gave included many CEO's of other Bitcoin companies &amp; applications who have told me directly that they are hesitant to dedicate resources to working on core development given how they see core developers treated and the constant attacks that other core contributors / supporters face (which includes attacks against people like Gavin, MIT DCI, our own company, Garzik, and many of the other volunteers who have worked on core).   
I also did confirm to him that our developers have received death threats (a number of them have, which I won't reference because drawing more attention to them is not useful) and have had themselves &amp; their families targeted with hacking attempts, threats and harassment.  
I hope we can all agree that regardless of where you stand on one roadmap vs. another, or any particular technical issue that this type of behaviour needs to stop and we all need to speak out against extremist actions &amp; activities that make real contributors question their involvement with the project and serves to discourage more people from getting involved.
@_date: 2016-03-12 07:48:48
I want to be responsive.   I do think there is a difference between censorship and community moderation.   Any community manager or community steward deals with the question of what kind of the community they want to foster or encourage.
I think /Theymos went overboard with moderation and helped to create But at the same time seeing how toxic that community is I don't know if I can fault some of the decisions.   The entire thread on that forum is attacking people, and encouraging the takedown or attacks of people in our community.
We have bigger and better problems to solve.   At least at I can read about news &amp; positive stories about how are views are growing the greater causes of financial inclusion, financial sovereignty and bitcoin as a ecosystem &amp; protocol challenging the status quo.
I didn't agree with Theymos (and honestly have never spoken with him or interacted with him ever) - with his original policy on moderation during the blocksize debate - but I also acknowledge and respect the work that hey and other moderators have done to try and build a much healthier community here in the r/bitcoin forum then the constant attack prone/TMZ version of Bitcoin news that seems to occupy the other subreddits attempting to build their user base on hate &amp; decisiveness. 
@_date: 2016-01-22 22:10:21
This is just false.  No matter how often it is repeated, it does not make it true.  We don't have a single product under development or in market that relies, depends on or benefits from small blocks.   In fact all of our offerings would benefit from more users and will require Bitcoin to scale. All these debates are about approaches to scaling that are safer and provide the tools to undertake better tradeoffs in scalability, decentralization and growth for both short term &amp; long term growth of the network.
Lightning is open source and we have no revenue plans from it.   It's a way to help grow the network and being developed entirely in the open with no barriers to entry for many companies adopting it or operating Lightning services.
Sidechains provide extensible and interoperable blockchains that can be pegged to Bitcoin improving functionality and increasing the speed at which innovation of features can be deployed (including rolling those same features back into Bitcoin).
No where in any of our fundraising have shown anything different to investors and in fact our investors signed up for the fact that we would spend large parts of their funds to support the open source work without a direct return on that investment aside from growing the technology and it's capabilities.
@_date: 2015-10-15 01:46:15
Ausin Hill, CEO of Blockstream here.
Liquid is built entirely with the code released in our Sidechain Elements project.   You can find this code at    We welcome and encourage other members of the ecosystem to use this same code to build other sidechains.
While there are some additional business logic and integration components that we have developed with partners for the specific use case, the code for sidechains is open source.
@_date: 2015-10-13 17:52:13
Austin Hill here, CEO of Blockstream:
Actually this is a distributed 2-way pegged sidechain.  It uses the federated consensus mechanism that we open sourced as part of our sidechain elements release.   It is not a DMMS merged mined sidechain which would require a softfork to bitcoin, but that configuration of a sidechain isn't needed here as the parties involved in the federation are known to each other and act as the multi-signers to operate the 2way peg (bitcoins can be transferred in &amp; out of the sidechain via federated consensus which is not reliant on Blockstream or any central authority).
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:12:12
Austin Hill here, CEO of Blockstream:
Most exchanges have balances stored in hot wallets and in some cases use a 2/3 multi-signatory mechanism with heuristics to provide security.   Liquid not only improves on that security by having a much larger &amp; more distributed (both the entities and geography) multi-signer group, but also the nodes in Liquid are run on tamper resistant hardened secured boxes that provide security benefits for the funds being transferred and stored in the system.
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:38:56
Austin Hill here, CEO of Blockstream.
Participating members will offer their customers this ability to near instantly transfer to other participating exchanges since many of their customers have accounts at multiple exchanges.
There is not a restriction on joining Liquid (and we have other participants due to launch who were not part of this announcement).  If the exchanges you use weren't part of this announcement please have them reach out to us, we would be happy to help them join.
@_date: 2015-10-13 17:26:41
Austin Hill here, CEO of Blockstream:
As the members of Liquid are both customers, partners and signing functionaries we do decide who the members are (and enroll them). 
Once they are part of Liquid, we do not have any control or access to their private keys.   We are using confidential transactions (released in our open source Sidechain Elements alpha) which prevents Blockstream and other participants in Liquid from observing any transaction details (protecting against scenarios like front running).   
As long as a strong majority of the functionaries are online transactions can be processed without any delays.   If a strong majority isn't online then all transactions would be delayed and the system would halt.
@_date: 2015-10-13 16:56:25
Austin Hill here, CEO from Blockstream:
Actually Liquid is a 2way pegged sidechain.   The 2way peg is a multi-signature federation similar to the 2way peg we use in Sidechain elements.   
By using a known set of federation signers we can deploy this sidechain without the soft fork to add 2way peg's for merged mined sidechains.   This ends up being a deployment option that works quite well for the Liquid model since the parties involved are all known but want to have a distributed trust model that doesn't require Blockstream or others to have custodianship of their funds (in comparison to centralized systems that require a trusted third party).
@_date: 2015-10-14 20:13:41
Actually this is a sidechain.   It uses signed blocks of transactions and the code base to build Liquid is the Sidechain Elements code base (which is open source).   The bootstrapping of coins in &amp; out of the sidechain may use a combination of multi-sig &amp; federated block signers but that is a deployment option of how to deploy or secure a sidechain, it does not change the fact that there is an actual sidechain.
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:00:56
Austin Hill here, CEO of Blockstream.
Liquid accomplishes this by having all balances in Liquid fully collateralized with actual Bitcoins secured by the multi-sigs of the members of the federation. This can be seen as a more distributed and secure version of green address type mechanisms or some of the 2/3 multi-sigs systems that protect exchange hot wallets.  But with a larger and distributed (entities &amp; geography) set of federation multi-signers we can allow for near instant transfers between the members.   It's not a 0conf transaction, but rather very rapid confirmation of transactions that don't require miners &amp; the 10min-60min block intervals because of the collateralized positions of Liquid balances by each participant. 
Proof of work is still required for transfers into and out of Liquid and still require regular blockchain security.  
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:27:14
Austin Hill here, CEO of Blockstream:
The goal of having interoperable blockchains with different assets is desirable for many participants in the financial sector.   By using blockchains to do smart contracts, reduce settlement/clearing times for cash &amp; equities transactions offer substantial benefits in reducing systemic risk, costs, time delays, and capital requirements that currently exist with CCP's (Centralized Clearing Parties).     Having bitcoin and assets like FIAT currencies tokenized on interoperable blockchains can facilitate things like atomic transactions, in turn reducing the amount of trust required in central parties.    Ultimately we feel these systems should be interoperable  (for atomic transfers, smart contracts etc.) but this does not require that each asset be actually pegged to the value of bitcoin which may not make sense for many asset types.