@_author: austinscript
@_date: 2015-07-01 04:35:06
Yes and the base load is not defined in the above statement. 
If your maximum load to run a data center in the worse condition(or heavy load) was 25,000 units of power spread across 10 generators, what happens if a single generator fails? You no longer have the ability to produce 25,000 units of power. You've lost 10% of that ability. Extrapolating that logic, it makes sense to assume that you would have a large excess of potential power generation to compensate for any mechanical failures. 
The ability to generate 25,000 units of power does not mean that 25,000 units of power are required to run the datacenter. You'd build it a bit of "wiggle room" 
While I don't actually design data centers, I feel like I understand the principles behind designing a highly available "system"(datacenter) , perhaps I have a fundamental misunderstanding that you can help me with?
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:53:17
Props for putting something together.
Where did you get the figure of 25,000 households per day?
"Diesel generators onsite have enough power, in the event of an outage, to keep the center running for nine days. They generate enough electricity for 25,000 households."
Generator Capacity != Daily Usage
@_date: 2015-07-01 05:27:19
Which of the below definitions would lead you to believe they would have a single point of failure for power generation? 
On the other hand, a true 2N configuration represents a completely redundant, concurrently maintainable system – meaning that for every component in the power infrastructure, there is a redundant pair. For example, for every generator, UPS, PDU, and power receptacle inside a server rack, there exists a second generator, UPS, PDU, and receptacle that is fed from an entirely separate power system. This guarantees that should one or more devices go offline, it will not impact the successful delivery of power because everything has an online backup. When done right, this is what represents a fully redundant 2N power system.
N+1 redundancy is a form of resilience that ensures system availability in the event of component failure. Components (N) have at least one independent backup component (+1). The level of resilience is referred to as active/passive or standby as backup components do not actively participate within the system during normal operation. The level of transparency (disruption to system availability) during failover is dependent on a specific solution, though degradation to system resilience will occur during failover.[1]
N+1 Backup Generators
Once the power transfer switches sense a decline in power from the local utility, they automatically signal diesel-powered generators to start up and switch power flow to the generators. In the few seconds between the decline in power from the utility and switch over to our backup generators, our UPS units are supplied with power through a battery system that ensures the power supply to servers is uninterrupted.
Should any generator fail, there are additional backup generators that kick in automatically to keep power supplies flowing. And if by any chance there is an extended power outage, on-site diesel generators can run indefinitely. Servers are fed by multiple uninterruptible power supply (UPS) units with redundant and instant failover coverage should any single UPS unit fail.
At the end of the day, unexpected shit happens. Your business is built on the ability to process transactions, do you really want to lose the ability to fulfill your core business role because you don't have  redundant generators? 