@_author: austrolib
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:26:42
Exactly, which is why we should be working on improving things like Proof of Stake. Plenty of environmental reasons to not waste energy like that. Plus the simple fact that energy is a scarce resource and the less we need of it to waste on unnecessary calculations, the more it can be directed to more valuable uses.
@_date: 2017-12-16 11:47:34
Let me know if I’m off base here but as far as I️ know these futures have no direct interaction with bitcoin itself, right? People are just betting on the price, not actually taking a direct stake in bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-02 08:25:49
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:53:23
Not a problem if global warming isn’t actually a problem. Global warming is a hypothesis like any other, it is not “settled science.” Theories involving cycles of solar irradiance arguably make more sense and have some strong data backing them up. I used to be a hardcore proponent of AWG and read many books about it but recently I’ve started changing my mind. We shouldn’t throw away a revolutionary technology on the possibility it may raise the temperature a little bit. That said, we should definitely be working on things such as POS that are far more energy efficient. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:41:41
You are comparing a highly mature system to a technology in its infancy. You can go back and find literally countless articles about how the internet was never going to have a major impact for the average consumer. It was just some esoteric thing that computer geeks and some niche industries would ever use. Paul Krugman famously said it would have an impact no bigger than the fax machine. Obviously we look back and laugh at them now but it’s the same way with bitcoin. It truly is revolutionary tech and we haven’t even imagined the vast majority of the transformational use cases it will eventually embody. The people to discover these use case will be very wealthy.
@_date: 2018-09-09 16:04:23
Thanks for explaining how a loan works? I don’t see what your point is exactly. If someone puts their money in a savings account that’s yielding 
.15% (typical for today) and prices are rising on average throughout the economy at 2%, that person is losing purchasing power every year. End of story. You clearly have a very limited understanding of money and finance as everything you say is pretty basic definitional stuff yet you present it as some profound truth.
@_date: 2018-09-02 08:24:11
We understand how it works very well and we fundamentally disagree with it. Go read some Hayek, Mises, Rothbard, Bob Murphy. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:26:19
Infrastructure inversion
@_date: 2018-09-01 13:03:56
He certainly foresaw it. Hayek is one of the greatest (Austrian) economists we’ve ever had. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 03:17:04
This is literally exactly the opposite of reality. Inflation is a very bad thing and it’s bigger beneficiaries are the rich and it’s biggest victims are the poor. Look up the term cantillon effects. The first people to receive the newly created money benefit because they are able to spend it before any prices have risen. The last people to receive it are hurt because they’ve been paying the rising prices the entire time before they saw the new money. Who are the first people to receive new money in our monetary system? Government, the banks, Wall St., people who hold financial assets. These people make off like bandits and it’s why you see the vast majority of the price inflation confined to equities, bonds, and other risk assets. People on fixed income get screwed. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:35:46
Central banking on the scale we know it will most likely die this century and more likely sooner than later. They’ve pushed the fiat system to its limits. The world economy was almost destroyed in 2008 but they bought themselves some time by injecting trillions into the economy and keeping interest rates at zero or even negative for the next 8 years. The economy is now more fragile than ever and next time a crisis hits, and one will it’s only a matter of time, they have really no room to cut rates and I don’t think they be able to print themselves out of the whole again. Central banks are seeing accelerating inefficiencies when it comes to the productivity of new debt. During the period after 2008, it took $18 of debt for every $1 added to GDP. We are going to see a massive deflationary spiral and the destruction of debt and money on a truly enormous scale.
@_date: 2018-09-01 13:02:40
@_date: 2018-09-22 12:28:21
Think bigger
@_date: 2018-09-01 03:08:42
Being on a gold standard doesn’t mean you can’t use paper or digital money. It just means that you can’t expand the supply of that paper money beyond the physical amount of gold available to back it (or there are at least natural limitations to the amount of fiduciary media that you can create before gold starts flowing out of your country to places where it’s more highly valued). The era of the classical gold standard (~1875-1914) used paper money and physical coins and no one ever had any problems paying for small or fractional amounts. With the digital technology of the present day it would be even less of a problem.
@_date: 2018-09-12 17:27:14
Yep, the Russians are the only reason anyone would want to audit the Fed or reimplement a gold standard. Has nothing to due with restoring a sound monetary system or anything. Get a grip dude.
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:19:01
Ya I’m just talking about the technology behind bitcoin not necessarily bitcoin itself. Bitcoin is only as big as it is because it was first. The dot com bubble saw the vast majority of internet companies go bust but that didn’t change the fact that the internet was the real deal and would eventually transform the economy. Most altcoins have basically zero actually utility and are purely speculative and will go to zero but some will end up being huge.
@_date: 2018-09-01 13:00:54
If by hoarding gold coins you mean burying them in the back yard then all that would do is effectively remove them from the money supply and increase the purchasing power of all the remaining gold that is actually being used in economic activity. If you simply mean people saved too much then that is utter nonsense. Economic growth comes about when we lengthen the structure of production and devise ever more roundabout ways to produce things. Economics is a game of tradeoffs. If you want to produce more efficiently in the future, you must restrict your consumption in the present. The more people forego present consumption and instead save that money, the greater the fall in the interest rate and the more money there is available for engaging in increasingly roundabout production. When central banks artificially lower interest rates today, it encourages more consumption and less saving while enticing businesses and entrepreneurs to engage in lengthy projects that there aren’t enough real savings to actually see to completion. Hence you get the boom and then the bust.
The era of the classical gold standard saw arguably the greatest human flourishing we have ever witnessed. Eventually the dollar will collapse and it won’t matter in the slightest whether you are supposed to pay your taxes in it. Hard money always beats out easy money in the long run. Either gold will reestablish itself as hardest money or the market may decide that bitcoin is even harder.
@_date: 2018-09-01 15:03:18
No it’s not. What led directly to the 08 financial crisis was the complete abandonment of the gold standard in 1971 by Nixon, to be replaced by the PhD standard. The 2000 tech bubble/crash and the 08 crash had the exact same fundamental cause. Expansion of the money supply and artificial interest rate repression by the central bank leading to massive malinvestment  and asset bubbles. I agree with you that financial deregulation was a mistake but that’s because you can’t deregulate financial markets when they are fundamentally disconnected from true market forces due to the central banks control of the money supply. Hayek was warning about all of this throughout the 70s and 80s so its very disingenuous to act as if he was totally on board with what was happening.
@_date: 2018-09-13 05:41:41
What’s your point? I keep seeing you say this as if it’s a meaningful insight and not just obvious. So I loan the money to a bank in the form of a savings account. The bank is obligated to pay me that money back when I demand it plus any interest. Considering that the interest is almost certainly far below the rate of inflation, the purchasing power of my dollars has decreased. This encourages more consumption in the present. Contrary to what modern mainstream econ would have you believe, this is not a good thing. Increased present consumption means less saving which means less capital accumulation. Capital accumulation is the means by which economies become more productive. More productive economies produce more wealth and can consume even more. So higher savings leads in a roundabout way to higher consumption. Lower savings leads to higher consumption in the present but less consumption in the future as the capital stock is not being replenished at a high enough rate. Inflation is bad, end of story. Money is not neutral. Altering the money supply distorts price signals which distorts capital allocation. Also, I’d like to add that while goods are priced in the monetary unit, the monetary unit also has its own price. The price of money is an array of all goods available for purchase with that money. So when asset values change, the price of money also changes.
@_date: 2018-09-12 11:57:19
Did I say that? Most wars in history have been financed through inflation of some sort or another because even under a gold standard the state ultimately had the power to debase the currency and/or increase the supply of fiduciary media. A gold standard certainly limits the extent to which this is possible but it is still possible. Bitcoin, if it could successfully overcome its technical challenges (which is still a big if), would represent the first truly sound money in history. Nobody would be able to expand supply for any reason. All conflict would have to be financed through direct taxation and I highly doubt most people would be willing to put up with the tax burden to pay for trillion dollar wars. 
@_date: 2018-09-09 15:14:03
Have you ever heard of a savings account? The majority of people in this country don’t have any investments like stocks or bonds. Whatever money they are able to save generally sits in a  bank account. That money has its purchasing power continuously cut over ever successive year of ~2% inflation.
@_date: 2018-09-02 00:07:34
I got it from the book “The Bitcoin Standard: The decentralized alternative to central banking.” The book attributed it to a speech he gave.
@_date: 2018-09-09 15:48:41
The history of civilization is essentially the history of governments inflating their currency in order to pay their debts and spend beyond what they can collect in taxes. The reasons government would do that are extremely well established whether you understand them or not.
@_date: 2018-09-09 17:25:37
I understand how the banking system works. What I don’t understand is what point you are trying to make. All I’m saying is that inflation robs people of purchasing power and does so especially for the bottom 90% of the wealth distribution because they keep their money disproportionately as either hard cash or deposits in banks where they earn very little interest. Could they buy a Tesla bond and get 8%? Yes, but that entails risk and a more sophisticated understanding of investment options which for one reason or another many people don’t have.
@_date: 2018-09-04 04:31:10
The idea that a slightly deflationary currency would cause people to cease almost all consumption and instead just hoard money so that it keeps appreciating is ridiculous and frankly illogical. Would people be incentivized to save a little bit more? Yes, but there’s nothing wrong with that. In fact, it’s a good thing. Lots of savings means low interest rates and lots of funds available for investment in capital goods. When you artificially lower the interest rate all you do is  expand the amount of credit in the economy beyond the amount of real resources available. Decreasing savings and increasing debt financed consumption is not the path to prosperity. Reality is a game of trade offs. If you want higher growth and increased productivity in the future, then you have to forgo consumption in the present. Trying to have both just gives you business cycles. Everything seems great for a while but eventually it becomes clear that not all of the projects begun during the low rate period can be completed because there wasn’t enough real savings and capital goods to see them all through. Then you get the bust where all of those malinvestments get liquidated. 
People who hodl bitcoin are doing so because it’s a nascent form of hard money that is still in a period of exponential adoption. All money that arises naturally in the market begins this way, first as a new store of value as more and more people value it for its hardness (its high stock-to-flow ratio). At this point it makes sense to just hold onto it as the opportunity cost of spending it is far bigger than for holding on to it. As adoption increases and the value starts to stabilize it becomes increasingly used as a medium of exchange. Gold went through this process as did seashells, silver, Rai stones, etc.. 
@_date: 2018-09-02 00:07:51
@_date: 2018-09-11 23:09:09
It is a pretty simple analysis but why is it wrong? 
Has the value of the dollar declined by over 98%? Yes it has.
Would the United States have been able to finance decade after decade after decade of military excursions in every corner of the world if they had been forced to pay for it using taxation and not inflation? No, not a chance in hell.
So what exactly do take issue with?
@_date: 2018-08-31 17:23:15
You really need to learn some (Austrian) economics. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 16:46:19
This technically could happen but the economic incentives are strongly against it.
@_date: 2018-05-03 00:10:42
Nothing about California’s fiscal situation can be described as “fine.”
@_date: 2018-05-31 01:11:50
@_date: 2018-05-03 01:31:38
They have a pension time bomb only rivaled by Illinois.
@_date: 2018-05-13 23:29:21
I agree with your assessment of bitcoin but your favorable attitude toward central bankers is way off base. What they do is orders of magnitude more disastrous for the average person.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:42:25
Except that’s not driving extra economic activity. It’s simply pulling it forward in time and distorting the most efficient allocation of capital. That money wasn’t just going to get stuffed under a mattress if there wasn’t inflation. It would have been saved and invested in higher order capital goods that would boost production and economic activity in the future. Instead you get that money being spent on lower order consumer goods today. So you boost present consumption but sacrifice future investment. And investment in longer term production structures is *the* mechanism by which economies grow long term.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:05:48
Money printing causes price inflation, that’s an indisputable economic law. It’s just a matter of *where* that money ends up that determines where you see the price inflation. In the case of QE the majority of the money stayed in the financial system and real estate markets. Which explains why we’ve seen massive equity price increases and massive housing bubbles in property markets all across the world. If they distributed that money to everyone equally (ie helicopter money) then we would have seen a massive general rise in the price level. QE and NIRP/ZIRP policies have actually been *disinflationary* in many economies due to their tendency to perpetuate overcapacity which puts a downward pressure on prices. Daniel LaCalle is a fantastic economist who explains this phenomenon really well. I recommend his book “Escape from the Central Bank Trap.”
@_date: 2019-11-27 01:37:39
The quantity of Bitcoin in circulation is certainly not irrelevant. Unless the laws of supply and demand have been overturned, supply matters.
Bitcoins price, like Gold, Silver, Platinum, etc has followed its stock-to-flow ratio fairly closely. It’s overall supply isn’t the most important thing. It’s the ratio of new supply coming onto the market compared to its total supply. Bitcoins stock to flow ratio is currently above silver but below gold. As the the block reward continues to decrease it will eventually overtake gold as the “good” with the most inelastic supply in existence.
@_date: 2019-11-27 01:15:23
It’s a “monetary good” and historically their have been several forms of money with no inherent direct use-value such as beads and seashells. I had a whole long reply to you typed out and my browser crashed so I’m just going to copy and paste from a really good article on the process of monetization that I believe reflects what’s going on with Bitcoin. The article this comes from is very good if you want to understand the logic of people who see Bitcoin being a highly successful money in the future.
Using modern terminology, money always evolves in the following four stages:
Collectible. In the very first stage of its evolution, money will be demanded solely based on its peculiar properties, usually becoming a whimsy of its possessor. Shells, beads and gold were all collectibles before later transitioning to the more familiar roles of money.
Store of value: Once it is demanded by enough people for its peculiarities, money will be recognized as a means of keeping and storing value over time. As a good becomes more widely recognized as a suitable store of value, its purchasing power will rise as more people demand it for this purpose. The purchasing power of a store of value will eventually plateau when it is widely held and the influx of new people desiring it as a store of value dwindles.
Medium of exchange: When money is fully established as a store of value, its purchasing power will stabilize. Having stabilized in purchasing power, the opportunity cost of using money to complete trades will diminish to a level where it is suitable for use as a medium of exchange. In the earliest days of Bitcoin, many people did not appreciate the huge opportunity cost of using bitcoins as a medium of exchange, rather than as an incipient store of value. The famous story of a man trading 10,000 bitcoins (worth approximately $94 million at the time of this article’s writing) for two pizzas illustrates this confusion.
Unit of account. When money is widely used as a medium of exchange, goods will be priced in terms of it. I.e., the exchange ratio against money will be available for most goods. It is a common misconception that bitcoin prices are available for many goods today. For example, while a cup of coffee might be available for purchase using bitcoins, the price listed is not a true bitcoin price; rather it is the dollar price desired by the merchant translated into bitcoin terms at the current USD/BTC market exchange rate. If the price of bitcoin were to drop in dollar terms, the number of bitcoins requested by the merchant would increase commensurately. Only when merchants are willing to accept bitcoins for payment without regard to the bitcoin exchange rate against fiat currencies can we truly think of Bitcoin as having become a unit of account.
In the process of being monetized, a monetary good will soar in purchasing power. Many have commented that the increase in purchasing power of Bitcoin creates the appearance of a “bubble”. While this term is often using disparagingly to suggest that Bitcoin is grossly overvalued, it is unintentionally apt. A characteristic that is common to all monetary goods is that their purchasing power is higher than can be justified by their use-value alone. Indeed, many historical monies had no use-value at all. The difference between the purchasing power of a monetary good and the exchange-value it could command for its inherent usefulness can be thought of as a “monetary premium”. As a monetary good transitions through the stages of monetization (listed in the section above), the monetary premium will increase.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:01:29
But when the price of financial assets increases at a far faster rate than the prices of all other goods in the economy, you effectively get a transfer of wealth from everyone else to the holders of those financial assets. They sell them and buy goods at still non-inflated prices. Cantillon effects.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:20:27
I didn’t say any of that. You’re mistaking me for another commenter.
@_date: 2019-11-26 23:01:35
He didn’t post the article and I can’t seem to find it either. Does the author go on to say that Bitcoin is unlike traditional commodities because of difficulty adjustment and supply inelasticity?
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:30:14
It’s not causing meaningful CPI inflation. It is causing very meaningful asset price inflation and property price inflation in economies all over the world.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:44:44
So do I. A market sell of does not = economic downturn. Macroeconomic data all over the world continues to deteriorate and I don’t expect that trend to reverse.
@_date: 2019-03-15 05:16:05
I’m talking about QE in general. It’s been undertaken by central banks across the globe on a very large scale. $21 Trillion in aggregate credit expansion between the ECB, BOJ, FED, BOE and PBOC. I’m pointing out the difference between consumer goods inflation as measured by the CPI (which has been low as you say) and inflation in financial asset prices and property prices (which has been considerable). It’s not ridiculous at all to villainize it because it’s highly distortionary to the the capital structure and is going to end in popping asset bubbles that could very easily lead to a credit crunch that snowballs into an even more severe financial crisis than 07-08.
@_date: 2019-11-26 22:51:14
“The commodities bubbles collapse because miners over invest in mining and then dump a glut into the market, collapsing the price.”
Anyone who has spent more than an hour looking into bitcoin, or the economics of sound money, knows that this is precisely why people are so bullish on bitcoin long term.
Bitcoin is the only good in history that will be produced at the same pre-set rate regardless of how high the price goes and how many resources are put into mining it. That’s the beauty of POW and the difficulty adjustment. Strictly inelastic supply.
These people are either intentionally dishonest or just ignorant.
@_date: 2018-06-17 01:35:53
Yeah sorry Teddy Roosevelt was a major ass.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:07:53
DB is like watching a super slow motion train wreck in action. Only a matter of time before they go to $0 imo.
@_date: 2019-08-20 02:07:46
Link to explainer of that theory?
@_date: 2019-10-05 16:25:38
Isn’t everything
@_date: 2019-08-03 01:12:35
You might be right but what makes you say that? Financial imbalances today are far bigger and more widespread than they were in 08. ~80% of yields curves globally inverted. Massive debt bubble with $14.5 trillion in negative yielding bonds. There are even junk bonds trading at negative yields. We’ve entered the financial twilight zone and I personally don’t see how it can have anything other than a catastrophic end. Now with that said, no one can really know how long it could all stay propped up before that happens. I’m biased to say it’s in the next year or two but history shows us these things can go on far longer than anyone would have imagined.
@_date: 2019-10-28 20:11:29
Neither inflation nor deflation are ever good or bad for society as a whole. Both benefit one group at the expense of the other but society is never made richer in aggregate as a result.  
Increases in the money supply (or expected increases in the future due to excessive government debt issuance) is the ultimate source of all price inflation. This is is an elementary fact. More money chasing the same amount of goods = rising prices. That’s doesn’t mean that all prices across the economy will rise in tandem. You see price inflation in the areas of the economy where that newly created money is being funneled. We see price inflation today largely confined to speculative financial assets and property values because our economy has been so distorted by government and central bank policies that there is little incentive to invest in productive capacity when you could chase yield in financial assets for practically free.
Edit: read some history and you will realize that nearly every major government that’s ever existed and had seigniorage rights over its currency, repeatedly engaged in devaluation of that currency and price inflation *always* followed.
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:51:43
As I said before, the price inflation shows up in the areas where the money get funneled. Money doesn’t just appear equally throughout the economy. There are specific transmission mechanisms and they way the work on QE the vast majority of the money gets funneled into financial assets and only very slowly makes its way into the real economy. Additionally, QE isn’t strictly “money printing.” Its an asset swap where they replace interest bearing debt on the banks balance sheet with essentially non-interest bearing bank reserves. No new money is created unless the banks lend those reserves out and credit new credit in the economy. Most of the new bank reserves are either simply sat on where they earn the IOER rate. The rest is mostly funneled into financial assets where they can earn yield in excess of IOER without having to take the risk of lending to businesses on main st.
@_date: 2019-10-08 23:15:12
Ummm no. They hold US DEBT. Not US dollars. In fact, China has a significant dollar shortage at the moment. Printing $ to pay off $ debt is literally what the the US govt (and Fed) do every single day. As has every other state in history with a sovereign monopoly over its currency.
If they could do it, China would print as many US$ as they possibly could.
Edit: to make myself clear, I am not referring to their FX balances of UST’s (which officially stand around $3T but are likely $1.5T-$2T in reality). I’m referring to the dollar debt taken on by Chinese companies and SOE’s which is estimated to be as high as $1T. China also needs dollars in order to pay for imports and keep the RMB artificially strong. As we’ve seen recently, funding pressures have forced them to let it devalue over 7.0 (previously a major line in the sand) for the first time in years.
This isn’t just speculation, just google China Dollar Shortage and you will get countless references.
Here’s an article by the SCMP, an arm of China state media, talking about Chinas dollar shortage
@_date: 2019-10-29 22:10:19
Any changes in the the money supply are inherently zero sum game. Money creation cannot create real wealth it can merely cause its redistribution from one group to another. Same goes for deflation.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:12:16
Depends how you define “educated.” If that just means you’ve got degrees in economics and/or finance like the majority of the investing/Econ world then your not likely to be concerned about any of this. Mainstream Econ education just tows the neo-Keynesian/monetarist view that central banks adhere to so they don’t see all that many problems with our current environment and they trust the central bankers and they’re models. Only people who go out of they’re way to educate themselves on financial and economic history, banking, sound money, etc, will be concerned. And the people who are most in the know and most financially able to take advantage of that knowledge are the furthest from the people blabbing on CNBC.
@_date: 2019-10-29 01:50:01
Ever actually read anything by Mises or Hayek? They constantly reinforced the point that there’s no such thing as homo economicus and that all value determinations are subjective. Humans act in ways that they believe to be rational at the time even though that often proves to be wrong in hindsight. Austrian economics has incorporated, in a much more sophisticated way, the insights of modern behavioral economics since the early to mid 90s.
@_date: 2019-10-29 02:55:32
@_date: 2019-10-28 23:37:02
By far the largest beneficiaries of the inflationary monetary policies undertaken since the end of Bretton woods in 1971 have been the wealthiest members of society who hold the vast majority of the financial assets which have risen in value at a pace far exceeding any gains in productivity of the underlying real economy. It’s called Cantillion effects. 
It’s true that inflation reduces the debt burden of lower income people but that benefit is almost certainly far outweighed by the impact of the financialization of the economy that inflationary policies have resulted in. Having your debt slowly inflated away is a small prize when capital is being plowed into financial engineering and speculation instead of investments in productive capital goods that would create jobs and lead to rising real wages. It’s not a coincidence that the shift toward rapidly rising wealth inequality coincided exactly with Nixon ending bretton woods in 1971 and the ensuing surge in money supply.
@_date: 2019-08-03 16:18:33
Sovereign debt. Governments around the world essentially engaged in a massive LBO of the global economy with the assumption that they’d be able to grow out of the debt load. It’s now obvious that the high growth rates necessary for that to happen never materialized and likely never will until see the destruction of that debt on a huge scale.
@_date: 2019-10-08 23:45:04
Idk though. The Chinese are smart and have a lot of influence. They have the largest ownership stake in Deutsche bank. $5.1 trillion is traded daily in global foreign exchange. I’m sure they could figure out a way to launder a few hundred billion over a period of time. Still don’t think it’s actually something that happens but I can imagine that it’d be possible.
@_date: 2019-10-29 17:46:26
I agree for the most the part. It’s my opinion that the current structure of our financial system and economy which is reliant on constantly expanding debt to stay afloat is inherently unsustainable and will collapse under its own weight eventually. How long it can continue is anyone’s guess. People have been predicting its demise for a long time and its defied all of those predictions. 2008 was very nearly the end of it but they managed to pull it back from the brink. When the next financial crisis hits, I don’t know if it will be possibly to salvage it again and we will likely see debt destruction and currency devaluations on a massive scale. It’s only in that environment that I believe bitcoin could come in to replace the modern fiat system as people scramble to exchange rapidly inflating fiat currencies for anything that promises to maintain its value. Whether you agree with that largely depends on whether you believe bitcoin has sound monetary properties which I do very strongly. 
I think it could but wouldn’t necessarily have to replace the central banking system. It’s a possibility that central banks themselves would begin buying bitcoin to hold as reserves. This would likely begin with smaller central banks and would become a self reinforcing cycle where other CB’s would see this and not want to take the risk of missing out on a seat at the table should bitcoins relevance continue to grow. They would also likely be buying gold and ultimately the market would decide which one was sounder and more likely to prevent the kind of excesses that lead to the collapse going forward. Bitcoin would win out in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-10-31 11:57:35
There is no blockchain without bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-08 23:25:49
To prop up their currency and fund significant dollar debts held by Chinese companies.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:34:01
The economy would function just fine without any inflation. The main, overriding purpose of the 2% inflation targeting by government and central banks around the world is to encourage people to finance the government deficits.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:06:46
Exactly. If you can position yourself to not get wiped out in the crash it’ll be the greatest investment opportunity of a generation. Real wealth is never destroyed in recessions and financial crises it’s only redistributed.
@_date: 2019-10-29 13:38:42
I have no illusions that bitcoin will somehow magically make poor people rich. And I don’t care that some people hold huge amounts of bitcoin. The only way that they would be able to alter the mathematically enforced monetary policy of bitcoin would be to team up with other people and gain control of over 50% of the hashing power. That’s an incredibly difficult feat and there are tons of economic incentives against anyone ever attempting it. Namely because as soon it happens people will lose all faith in the ability of bitcoin to act as a reliable store of value going forward and people would flee from it, cratering its value and negating by many fold any gains that they may have derived from being able to alter its inflation rate.
I have no problem with people who create great products accumulating great wealth. That’s the nature of free markets and it’s wonderful so I’m not sure what your point is there.
I really don’t care if bitcoin is used for money laundering. The USD is used to launder more money and facilitate more illegal activities every single day than any other currency to ever exist. Having a currency with a fixed supply would at least prevent governments from stealthily stealing from their citizenry without permission to fund wars and empire abroad. Something they would never be able to do if they had to fund it all through taxation. And again as I said all bitcoin transactions are recorded on an immutable ledger so the ability to conceal illegal activities through it would only be made more difficult compared to fiat.
I also agree that bitcoin will likely crash if/when the market crashes as people liquidate indiscriminately in order to gain liquid assets. Gold cratered in 2008 too before embarking on a huge bull run.
@_date: 2019-10-29 22:02:51
Great book on the history and qualities of sound money.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:27:46
1. Every bitcoin transaction is recorded on a permanent ledger available for anyone in the world to verify at any moment. It’s far easier to trace than the current fiat system where banks, governments, and criminal launder billions every single day.
2. There is a set supply schedule for bitcoin so it doesn’t matter what rich people who hold bitcoin want. Issuance will steadily decrease until there is 0 net issuance sometime around 2035 I believe.
3. I completely agree that inequality is natural and unavoidable. My gripe isn’t with inequality itself it’s with the the current system of fiat central banking where governments, corporations, and the wealthiest people in the world have first access to all of the newly created money and thus get to spend it on financial assets and goods before those goods rise in prices. By the time that money ever funnels down to your average joe, they’ve already been paying the higher prices. It is a direct transfer of wealth of the bottom portion of society to the very top. It’s theft. Bitcoin (or a true gold standard) prevent this.
@_date: 2019-10-30 11:51:14
The difference is that unlike with gold, which they eventually suspended redemptions of fiat into, bitcoin will always be able to exchange freely on the market. P2P exchanges will eventually become popular and in that situation, governments would be very limited in their ability to print money beyond their bitcoin reserves because at any sign of loss of faith, people could easily trade the paper money for real bitcoin on the open market.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:42:30
Central banks holding bitcoin as reserves and issuing paper money based on it would likely only be an intermediate step in the evolution of bitcoin. Eventually the technology will likely develop to the point where it renders CB’s completely obsolete and Bitcoin will stand on its own. It could also skip straight to that point, I’m just thinking about different possibilities.
@_date: 2019-10-30 18:49:13
They are an authoritarian communist state and have never given any indication they plan on increasing freedoms for the people in any way. What’s going on in Hong Kong right now shows exactly the opposite. They view any kind of democracy as an existential threat and will crush it.
@_date: 2019-10-29 01:41:37
When I sat through Econ classes in college I’d become slightly depressed at the thought that all across the country kids were sitting in classes hearing the same flawed economics and lapping it all up as if it were 100% fact and there weren’t even alternative viewpoints out there.
@_date: 2019-10-29 12:31:20
I agree with you. I’m just saying that someone always benefits and some always loses. Changes in the moneys supply can do nothing but shift the allocation of resources across society, it can never create real wealth (but yes it can destroy wealth through distorting price signals and causing misallocation of resources).
@_date: 2019-10-30 11:52:36
China has no interest in bitcoin. They’re going to create they’re own crypto currency so they can expand their surveillance system and further oppress their people.
@_date: 2019-12-22 03:17:16
I’m not saying “millions” is necessarily in the cards but do you realize how many people at various point in time have said the same thing about bring the price from “a penny to $100 but getting to $10,000 is impossible, it’s too late.” Bitcoins market cap isn’t even $200B right now. It’s also the highest returning asset of the decade, has close to zero correlation with any other asset classes, and has an extremely high sharpe ratio. These are extremely valuable characteristics in the finance world and it’s starting to get serious attention from institutional investors for these reasons. It would only take a few big players making some big investments to start a stampede that could send it to $60,000-$100,000 over the next few years.
@_date: 2019-10-01 15:53:42
You clearly didn’t actually understand (or read) his argument. He’s basing it off of Stock to Flow aka the total current amount of bitcoin in existence compared to the amount of new Bitcoins being produced. The SF of poop is likely less than one because the existing stock is being continually broken down and destroyed while new poop is being produced near continuously. Bitcoin has a stock to flow currently around 22, similar to silver. Golds SF is around 62 which Bitcoin will surpass over the next decade or so. Almost all other metals have SF around 1 or less which is why the were never major monetary goods.
@_date: 2019-12-22 02:59:21
The question is if they can stop it. While Bitcoin is starting to get more attention from those in power it’s still largely dismissed (at least publicly). It wouldn’t surprise me if the people that could *maybe* stop it if they tried hard enough right now simply ignored the threat it poses too long until it grows out of their control. If they wait until Bitcoin has a market cap in the trillions, it may be too late.
@_date: 2019-10-08 23:33:00
I don’t actually think that China is printing fake US$. My point is that they would if they could because they have a dollar shortage.
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:13:22
The amount of debt in the system would simply be limited by the amount of real savings and real resources in society. We wouldn’t be able to perpetually pull production forward from the future which is unsustainable and the reason we get the boom bust cycle. A society without any debt is something that I don’t think would ever happen in a free market but I don’t see why it couldn’t work. All investment would simply have to be financed purely out of savings from deferred consumption. Growth would be slower but it would also be completely sustainable and would eliminate the boom bust cycle entirely.
@_date: 2019-10-29 22:00:22
That’s only irrational according to the flawed model of humans as profit-maximizing machines. Placing greater weight on avoiding losses is perfectly rational when you look at it from an evolutionary survival perspective. Nobody ever died because they didn’t get the maximum amount of profit they could have. Plenty of people have died/lived miserable lives because they went bankrupt and starved.
@_date: 2019-12-15 23:05:46
Is an “accelerationist” someone who wants to hasten the inevitable crash so that we can start over from a  healthy foundation as soon as possible? If so I’ve thought along those lines before as a reason to support Bernie
@_date: 2019-12-06 02:04:28
The “hardness” of the money has nothing to do with how long it’s been around. It has to do with it’s scarcity. Stock to flow, or it’s inverse which is just the inflation rate, is a representation of that scarcity. After 2024 Bitcoins SF will be much higher than gold, and will then be the “hardest” money the world has ever seen.
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:12:02
Yes, but if the dollar collapsed people might decide to start accepting bitcoin as payment and not converting them to any other fiat currency. Not saying this is likely (well the dollar collapse part is) but it could happen. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:17:14
This assumes the dollar will be a viable currency for the foreseeable future. 
@_date: 2017-10-11 17:49:20
While I agree that that was a significant contributing factor as it allowed banks to drastically increase the rate of credit expansion, it can't be overlooked that the federal reserve, and central banking more generally, is the root cause of all booms and busts. Without a central bank able to create money and artificially lower interest rates, there would be no way for banks to expand credit very far past the amount of actual savings deposited with them.  Under a central banking fiat regime, regulations to restrict the ease of credit expansion are crucial.
@_date: 2017-10-23 20:12:10
Don’t worry you’re not breaking anything to me. I was pretty much agreeing with your that that’s the most likely thing to happen. Was just adding the caveat that we can’t predict the future or what good people’s subjective values will elevate to be a new currency. Could be bitcoin, could be gold (I pray), could be some new fiat currency.
@_date: 2017-10-12 15:53:46
You’re right, the current root cause I should have said. The root root cause is credit expansion beyond 100% reserve banking. Small booms and busts are a natural part of even a completely free market, but since the ability to engage in fractional reserve banking is severely restricted those busts are usual very short. Nearly every significant business cycle in history can be traced to a preceding period of unbacked credit expansion. Today’s environment of central banking however has exacerbated the problems enormously.
@_date: 2019-09-17 21:34:47
The “physical” or “intrinsic” value (jewelry, electronics, etc) accounts for a tiny fraction of golds market cap. The rest of it comes from people’s belief in it as an effective means to store value into the future. 
To add to that, all value is subjective. There is no such thing as “intrinsic value.”
@_date: 2018-02-26 05:33:59
Why would people all of a sudden just decide to stop consuming to that degree? Why do you go buy the things you buy on a daily basis? Do you go buy that tv/pizza/movie ticket because your afraid it’s going to be cost more next year or do you buy it because you want to? The only reason people work is so they can obtain money to ultimately be used on consumption. People have no incentive to just hold more for the sake of holding money. Now obviously inflation does encourage people to consume sooner rather than later but the effect is not as drastic as you make it seem. People currently consume far beyond their actual means, consuming less wouldn’t be a bad thing if it was because people were spending more in line with real savings. 
@_date: 2019-09-17 21:38:51
Those are powerful factors without a doubt but in the end supply and demand reign. Eventually the US will be forced to print so much money to finance exploding deficits that no amount of military force will be able to put the inflation genie back in the bottle. It can delay the day of reckoning but it will happen eventually.
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:07:34
It wasn’t a hunger strike example it was a technology rendering food obsolete example. Only so many ways people would stop wanting food. Suicidal is another one, although that’s pretty similar to the hunger strike.
@_date: 2018-04-01 14:30:19
Nokia’s are the most mass produced electronic device ever. People in Asia and Africa would probably love this.
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:05:35
Food, water, shelter, and heat have no intrinsic value either. Nothing does. All value is subjective. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:28:39
Hunger strikes are a thing, where people value whatever they believe in more than food and life itself. That doesn’t matter regardless, the value still isn’t intrinsic. People make the subjective valuation that those things provide them life and comfort and that they value life and comfort over the opposite.  
@_date: 2018-04-29 00:33:49
It’s economics. All value is subjective. Value isn’t determined by society, it’s determined by individuals. The vast majority of individuals value food and water but that doesn’t make the value intrinsic in the item. Individuals through rational thought and the understanding that it’s necessary for survival, decide to place value in them. If some technological breakthrough happened tomorrow and humans could just take a pill and never have to eat again, food would likely lose all value for many people. Nothing about the apple changed, it’s still an edible fruit that provides nutrients. What changed is the subjective valuation assigned to it by individuals.  Some would still value food because they enjoy how it tastes or are skeptical of taking a pill, others would completely stop valuing it altogether.
@_date: 2017-07-06 23:11:04
I think Wright was likely very closely involved in the creation of Bitcoin and likely worked with the real Satoshi or was part of a group of 3 or so people who were collectively "Satoshi"