@_author: autokrat
@_date: 2014-04-27 23:43:20
Unlimited economic freedom means the freedom to use resources and property without limit.  How this doesn't end in serfdom and slavery is on you to prove, as history is rife with examples of consortiums exerting sovereignty when they control a disproportionate number of resources.  Warlordism isn't a thought experiment, that has been the natural state of affairs for H. Sapiens since we started writing things down.  As for my citation? Every history book.
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:53:40
Cause they aren't doing that shitty of a job.  Clean water, safety, and panem et circenses.
@_date: 2014-05-25 23:09:21
Inherent like any other trait that a social, bipedal, mammalian ape has.  It is inherent to human kind as we are not born in a vacuum, we are born within families, within tribes.  You do not voluntarily choose to be born to your parents, or your tribe, but there is a hierarchy whilst you are a child or for that matter your entire life within your family.  It is not a voluntary hierarchy by any means, and no one would claim that a child should only submit to the authority of his parents in a voluntary exchange.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:03:13
I'm not going to dissect your post.  The first sentence I read, that a contract isn't legally binding unless it is mutally agreed upon is absurd.  Violence solves everything.  The universe is violent, not humans.  We steal every calorie from the universe.
And the state of Hobbes with a divine monarch does not exist, but has been replaced by a citizen sovereign able to determine what constitutes pious behavior, a theory that Spinoza espoused.  You insist that only mutually agreeable transactions are legally binding, and if you can convince enough people of that it will become the morally correct view.  As it is now though if you don't pay your taxes to the state you're a free rider on the social contract as you would not of even lived to reach a productive age without the defense of the commonwealth.
What I think is sad is we probably both have similar views on the problems we as H. Sapiens face.  The state is a tool.  Like any tool it can be misused, it doesn't mean it is inherently wrong.
Also why is it that Anarchists/Libertarians assume that the world would be a better place without the occasional misuse of political power?
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:22:53
And you are using the wrong definition.  I disagree with your definition for state.  Not everyone agrees with the anarchist definition of the state.  My definition of State "6.	a sovereign political power or community"  I've stood by this claim continously.  We do not have an ecclesiastical state, we do not have a monarchical state, we have a republican state.
I even went to the wiki page for state and it seems anarchists there are trying to push their definition.
@_date: 2014-05-08 18:44:38
Well you're wrong as the social contract has stood up to the only test that matters.  It survives.  You can't claim to define a word then back track and say other words don't fit that definition, contracts are not always voluntary, they are just agreements backed by the force of Law.  Even voluntary contracts only become enforceable through the outside use of force, otherwise one party could always renege on the contract without any recourse for the aggrieved party.
My justification is not religious, Hobbesian perhaps, but humans are violent.  Humans will take things.  A consortium of humans at least ensures that the taking is done through constitutional principles and done through an agreed upon social contract.
We simply disagree on the semantics of the issue.  I disagree that the social contract is a lie.  I disagree that it is not a voluntary agreement(It was agreed by your forebears by living under the Aegis of the Citizens of the United States).  You are free to change the contract, we spell out how in our constitution and actually have the common courtesy to write it down, some countries do not.
Again you're bringing morality into this.  I don't attempt to judge actions as moral or immoral here as you are centering your morality upon the individual.  For an occidental culture the morality is generally centered upon the individual.  That is not the case for oriental cultures.
The state IS citizens in my ideal world(and even the world we live in) any failings in the operation of the state are our fault as citizens for not being proper stewards.  The state is a tool, the most awesome tool humanity has ever invented.  I'm not going to disband an efficacious tool because it is misused occasionally.
@_date: 2014-05-20 21:00:07
Those aren't the premises that my argument is based on.  My premise is that humans are inherently hierarchical creatures.
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:10:18
And I believe that unlimited economic freedom merely results in serfdom and slavery.  As true freedom to dispose of goods and resources without a modicum of societal restraint is dangerous.  My source is history.  
Classical liberalism still calls for a sovereign of some sort, just embodied in the citizenry not the monarch.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:17:36
Those US Army soldiers were citizens performing their duty.  War is terrible and always will be.  
And what are you going on about, about humans not believing we can govern ourselves?  The entire social contract and idea of a republican state says that we as citizens can govern ourselves, that we can make the hard choices without a divine sovereign.  I LOVE the common law because of the fact that it has worked, continues to work, and WILL continue to work as long as we are proper stewards.  It worked through viking invasions, it worked through foreign kings and magna carta, it worked through the wars of religion, it worked through slavery, it worked through the industrial revolution, it worked through communism, it worked through fascism, it will work through any ism including anarchism, libertarianism, and jihadism, because the common law and our constitutional system is simply what works.  If it stops working we will modify it till it does, and continue to have a stable working organization for our community.  We don't reboot our constitution, or have dramatic violent revolutions often. 
Our government, for better or worse is us.  Instead of bemoaning the government as an evil THEM I consider it an US. 
Anyway we are talking past one another.  I'll never convince you and you'll never convince me.  I'm a social democrat through and through and want a freemarket for potato chips and soda pop and a socialized safety net.  I see the state as a tool, nothing more, nothing less, for organization.  I enjoy a state that determines weights and measures, provides for the national defense, provides infrastructure, and ensures the populace has a reliable source of food and water and provide for whatever measures necessary to ensure its survival for as Lincoln eloquently stated, the Constitution is NOT a suicide pact.
@_date: 2014-04-28 05:11:13
And Mexico turned into a shithole when it changed its economy from predominantly state based industries to a more free-market.  Correlation is not causality.  
A free market does not exist, has not existed, and can not exist.  So anything else you say is pointless.  The paradigm between centrally planned vs free market economy is a modern paradigm that has not always existed.
I don't even support a centrally planned economy but if you want to continue arguing agaisnt that great.  
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:35:06
I want to know why you are referring to violence in a purely ethical context.  I define violence as the application of force.  Intent is impossible to judge or measure.  Application of force is not.
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:37:11
That is why humans have governments and I haven't noticed an Ent moot recently.
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:40:40
Conservatives expect religious institutions to provide the charity and social services.  Us liberals simply find that inefficient as can be and prefer the economy of scale that government provides.  Furthermore, people shouldnt be forced to kowtow to religious organizations for food.  Foodbanks in the united states are disproportionately ran by religious organizations and Americans should not be forced to go hat in hand to a religious organization they find anathema to receive sustenance.
Classical liberalism was a revolt against the Monarch.  Our system is still an embodiment of classical liberalism.
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:18:58
We fundamentally disagree on our world views.  I think you are ignorant of what unlimited and unfettered use of resources leads to.
I'm saying economic policy is not the only factor determining economic outcomes.  Geography plays a role, historical relations play a role, a plethora of factors play a role.
And you don't get it, no centrally planned wasn't the only game in town.  That concept makes no sense in an agrarian economy and your attempt to pidgeon hole your world view onto the entirety of human existence is laughable.  Please continue though and continue to claim those who disagree with you are ignorant and stupid.  I believe in a free market for most things if you were wondering.
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:47:58
A free market does not exist in a vacuum.  The enclosure movement happened.  Individuals partitioned the land long ago.  Purely voluntary exchange within that context is impossible.  
The reason someone in Florida has to give up a portion of their wealth to fund a program in New Jersey(although it is usually New Jersey funding programs in Alabama) is because we agreed, or our ancestors agreed to determine some issues through our constitutional processes.  Those processes and the state they created ensured you were raised under the aegis of a western democracy.  Deal with it.
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:33:01
Anyway I'm done with this.  I thought libertarians were bad.  I hope you continue to have the same success anarchists have had in previously.
@_date: 2014-04-27 23:59:56
In my region (Cowlitz County, Washington State) the only food banks are ran by religious organizations.  I have found the majority of food banks if not ran directly by churches are ran by a collection of them.  I've volunteered at them and have to endure constant proselytization.  My experience is obviously anecdotal, but you haven't cited a single source for one of your claims either.  Which is fine, a political debate IS often about beliefs and not rationality, no matter what you would like.
People shouldn't have a choice to perform their civic duty, which includes paying taxes if your economic benefit of living within the commonwealth is large enough.  They have the freedom to renounce their citizenship, or to elect people to change the agreement. 
Our system allows the citizens to change the rules and regulations, not the capriciousness of a divine monarch.  You simply don't understand what words mean if you think our system, with a written Constitution and republican values is not Classical Liberalism.   
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:58:57
I'm a social democrat.  I believe in the social contract.  My understanding of the free market is from reading Smith, Marx, Hayek, Mises, Keynes, Veblen, et al.  
Coercive force is the backbone of all political power.  Without coercive force you have no sovereign.  I wish the sovereign to be a consortium of individuals chosen through democratic means.  
Of course I'm appealing to political idealism.  The common law, american jurisprudence and post enlightenment liberalism are founded on idealism, that we can in the light of day govern ourselves without a divine monarch.
@_date: 2014-05-14 22:07:15
I just disagree with your view of the state.  I understand perfectly your position.  I just think you are wrong.