@_author: autranep
@_date: 2016-08-16 00:53:45
You sound like a conspiracy theorist. You don't even consider the implausibility that US security experts (including the FBI which couldn't give less of a fuck about the DNC's embarrassments) from several agencies are colluding together to lie about the mostly undisclosed information they have that leads them to suspect Russian state actions? Combined with the fact that the leaks without question help Russian foreign policy interests which according to you is just a neat coincidence. On top of that, no one knows better than these public officials about Russian state-sponsored hacking and the Obama administration pretty much ran on a platform of normalizing US-Russian relations (and was harshly criticized by McCain and Romney for this) and knows blatantly lying about your suspicions of other UN nations is an insane foreign policy move. On top of this Russia is a corrupt oligarchy with no respect for the sovereignty of other nations run by a former KGB spy, so do you really think trying to influence foreign elections via cyber warfare to advance their internal agenda is above them? And let's not forget that there's no evidence that the emails were leaked internally, which makes sense when you consider that anyone in the DNC with access to those emails is a hardcore party loyalist (and leaking the emails was illegal so you bet your ass if they the DNC or the FBI thought it was internal that they'd be turning stones for the leaker). It's not people believing authority blindly, it's people using common sense by realizing the alternative is a crazy level of collusion by irrelevant organizations to cover up something that's relatively inane and rejecting a hypothesis that lines up neatly with the actions of someone who currently and previously benefitted from similar hackings. I feel like you don't believe that it was a Russian hacker simply because you're cynical not because the overwhelming evidence points against it.
@_date: 2016-08-16 00:56:00
I can't tell if this is a good joke or a serious comment...
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:00:36
lol and you don't see the problem with a vendor disabling payment for something that is ostensibly only valuable as a form of currency? That should be a huge red flag about the bitcoin bubble we're in.
@_date: 2017-09-02 10:13:19
We get it, you're a bitcoin fanboy. That doesn't make "investing" in bitcoin any less stupid. It's probably one of the most high risk assets you could possibly own. Sure you could make a lot of money, but you could *easily* lose all of it in a day too. A huge amount of the value of bitcoin is tied up in the demand for bitcoin, driven by the idea that the value of bitcoin increases monotonically so it's an easy investment. This circular inflation of value is known in investing as a bubble. It's the same thinking that triggered the housing market collapse. The bubble will eventually burst.
Trust me, lots of people thought the exact same thing you do about tech stocks in the 90s and CDOs in the 2000s. And a lot of people got filthy rich, but the ones that didn't get out at the right time got nothing in the end.
@_date: 2017-10-05 17:20:54
"Trust the blockchain"
Y'all are like sheep to the slaughter. That's the thing about bubbles, they're great... until they burst. And any commodity whose worth is majorly derived from the *perception* that it's an easy investment is inherently overvalued and destined to crash in price.
@_date: 2017-09-02 10:19:08
Literally the exact same arguments you're making right now were made about mortgage backed derivatives in the early 2000s lol. The end was result was the world economy almost collapsing.
@_date: 2017-09-02 10:02:37
Bitcoin is gambling. Sorry. Your post is naive at best and utter nonsense at worst.
@_date: 2017-10-12 02:38:42
That's kind of what happens when you're raped for resources and then left to die instead of being integrated into the global economy, on top of 5,000 years of ethnic and tribal conflict to overcome.
@_date: 2018-04-27 23:09:58
@_date: 2017-07-12 21:34:00
You guys need to take a god damn macroeconomics course. You think some fringe Austrian school nutbag btfo'd an expert economist? Jesus Christ.
@_date: 2017-07-12 21:33:08
That's extremely ignorant. All "auditing" the fed does is subject them to the whims of congress, who have short term interests because they need to get reelected every few years. The entire reason the fed isn't "audited" is because they should be free to make non-political decisions that favor the long term wellbeing of the economy. Furthermore, "auditing" the fed is utter nonsense considering how transparent the fed is. Every monetary policy the fed can choose to enact is public record. The fed can discuss in secret but when it comes to actually doing stuff there's nothing they can do that won't be public knowledge.
I think cryptocurrencies are cool but the idea that our monetary system is broken is complete ignorance and reveals a fundamental lack of education about how the monetary system works.