@_author: -avacyn
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:09:41
I know, that's the problem. But frankly, I do think gains like these are not sustainable for any kind of system, at least, when considering the long term. I mean, imagine a world in which this trend will continue without a crash in sight. It would threaten the world order in terms of wealth distribution way too much - both for current in power entities, as well as just for the average person - for Bitcoin to see mainstream adoption. It will crash. Maybe not to 1k, but hopefully back to maybe 3-6k or so, from which it can build up again, but in a more sustainable pace. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 10:19:40
Seriously, a million euros will allow me to be set for life and retire early on an income from dividends and market growth and have a damn good, even luxurious life in my western European country. A million euros is *a lot* and definitely life changing.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:53:11
Yeah.. I started getting into bitcoin some weeks ago, simply seriously reading up on it, trying to understand what the upcoming fork is about, and buying a fraction of a coin simply to experience the buying and moving process of bitcoin... I was planning on spending several grand on bitcoin before this price surge starts... I think I'm going to wait till a crash in the coming months.
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:59:24
That's a good point. You see the same in small countries, even mine (the Netherlands) where over the distances of like 300 km two people speaking exclusively in their respective dialects wouldn't be able to understand each other. I'm trying to learn Mandarin myself, and I notice it among my teachers as well. They all come from the north, and were raised in Mandarin and all were university educated, but I do notice quite a few differences between them. 
I do imagine though that those differences will get smaller when the urbanization and (global) connectivity continues, especially considering.. well.. that it's China and they do have a way in forcing these kind of transitions which lead to super fast adoption.
@_date: 2017-10-28 08:23:01
I 've been thinking a lot about your comments the last day (thanks a lot again!). One last question, as I don't want to keep bothering you.. what stops a rando from not starting a fork every other day and immensely disrupting the network? 
I'm guessing there must be some infrastructural (hardware) support if you want to get a fork. Is that the issue? That essentially both blockchains (2X and BTC) both run on the same network and the network 'hosts' both forks? Who decides that that may happen (again, what is stopping a rando)?
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:20:03
Thanks for taking time to reply, this community is really nice.
I guess the thing that confuses me is how everyone is up and about when it comes to 'losing' coins. I get that there may be exchanges that will list 2X as BTC, so when you buy new coins through the exchange you might get duped, but how can this happen with existing coins you own the private key of?
I mean. If you have coins prefork, and you want to send coins to whatever address on either of the two, it's my understanding that this transaction and your new balance will be written on that specific fork on the block chain. But in that case, the original balance will still hold for the other part of the fork right? Meaning if I were to accidently send something over a 2X block chain, it won't be written on the BTC block chain. 
I'm guessing this is what they mean with no replay protection, that somehow, it actually does get written on both block chain, but it confuses me how. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 11:07:36
Just because I'm curious: what about your non crypto investments. What's the ratio and what has been your strategy?
I'm early 20s and my first sizeable investments was into a basic SP500 ETF. But at the moment I am leaning more towards aggressive investing considering my age and the fact that the future is looking seriously bright for me in terms of career prospects. I can afford to take on risks, so I should. Wondering how what you did in that regard in the last 10 years or so.
@_date: 2017-10-26 21:25:11
So, I only recently got into the whole Bitcoin thing, and I have slowly been reading up on Bitcoin and the upcoming fork etc. 
By now, everyone who even does a little reading, is aware that the fork is 'a thing' to look out for and it has something to do with your private keys. 
But what would seriously help, are some very basic blogs on what the fork is, and does, and what replay protection *means*, and a very basic outline of what one needs to do after the fork to claim both their BTC and S2X coins, and have them 'rewritten' (or whatever the technical term is) on each respective fork so they are safe. 
Anyone who can link any of such resources? 
@_date: 2017-10-27 07:38:18
Dude. Don't be a pig. You need the 51%  of the world's population to get mainstream adoption of bitcoins to be a thing. You're not contributing to that by acting like this.
I'm glad to see you downvoted, as it means that even in this heavily male dominated community, the guys apparently don't tolerate this kind of sexist bullshit. Good job and thank you, guys!
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:08:25
Seriously, thanks. I learned a lot from reading your comments!
@_date: 2017-10-29 17:52:56
I ordered a ledger a few days ago from their website. The thing was prepped for shipping the same day and shipped the next. It'll arrive tomorrow already. If I ordered it one day earlier, it would have been here before the weekend even.
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:13:38
I wonder how many languages you know fluently or how many languages you have even *tried* to learn in your life..
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:18:56
And the chances of that being English are not that high. Chinese - based on native first language speakers alone, not even considering their economic and academic growth as a country - might very well become the true world wide lingua franca. Or Spanish for that matter, or maybe even in 100-200 years there will be an Esperanto like artificial language, constructed to be as efficient and easy to learn as possible based on the current languages. 
Maybe you don't realize this as a native English (I'm guessing) speaker, but English is quite a shit language in terms of structure and descriptive power.