@_author: availablehorse
@_date: 2019-12-30 20:35:39
If the future is already priced in then inflationary fiat would have no value today. But riskless short term does matter. For some people a 99% guarantee for $200 next week will not be worth as much as $100 today - because they are hungry today and need to pay their bills.
The halvening is known, but the reaction of governments and big players to the halvening is unknown.
Maybe they are planning to invest once the inflation rate drops - maybe they don't do it now because they know their public actions will have psychological bubble effect, and they don't want the miners to profit from that bubble.
Or maybe they are planning to sell a day before the halvening because they think other people who expect the halvening to have a major positive effect are going to be disappointed.
@_date: 2019-12-28 15:29:45
They don’t print money according to their gold amount.
They print the maximal amount they can that doesn’t threat their stability.
Countries buying each other’s fiat is saying: “We are in the same boat, if my government is overthrown by the people it could lead to your government being overthrown by your people”.
This is how democratic leaders cooperate with dictators.
Bitcoin is more likely to replace some of the value of the gold reserves.
@_date: 2019-12-28 12:51:39
“Learn Bitcoin” is a better slogan.
Most people think that bitcoin is just “virtual money” and don’t understand its decentralized nature.
@_date: 2019-12-28 23:54:07
Yes, but it's a smaller danger than people may think.
The bitcoin network doesn't only depend on miners, it also depends on nodes verifying the transactions, and developers improving the system. If the miners will try to double-spend or just reject specific transactions (despite the transactions offering high fees), they will start a war with the users and developers. This may lead people to dump the current bitcoin network in favour of a fork, i.e. "bitcoin 2.0", that uses a different hash algorithm. Everybody's balance will remain almost the same, but a small change in the hash algorithm could make the miners lose millions - their current expensive equipment is built specifically for the current hash algorithm, and it will become useless.
The chances this would happen in the near future is like the chances gold mining companies will start saying "Hey guys, we think that silver is better than gold".