@_author: avanoo
@_date: 2014-03-24 08:29:03
Wow, OP totally amazes me. This guy copied a bunch of information onto his site and is pandering to the subreddit for donations because - amazing - he put a bitcoin donation button on his site (applause?). 
Typically the bitcoin community can smell a rat or anything that poses like a rat from a mile away. But instead of getting instantaneously shot down (like I'd expect) OP makes it to the front page for hours. Congratulations... I guess!
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:07:03
So should Coinbase donate everything to charity? What about BitStamp or Blockchain.info? What about you... You care about the community, right? And Satoshi...
When we make contributions to a community it's not a bad thing to get rewarded for them. Perhaps you don't care for this person's contribution, but lucky for you, it didn't cost you anything. If people want to make transactions with him, hot.  If they don't, they can follow the story if they choose or not. Either way it's only a net positive he's offering the community, so if he gets something out of it good for him. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:13:21
Ummm... Doge has still realized huge gains FAST and initial investors can get out quite unfucked right now if they really wanted to AND are only in it for the money (which I'd hope many are not!) 
@_date: 2014-02-02 17:46:29
Even if this is a bad thing - and it's not clear that it is - I think initial investors who've experienced 1000x or more fold increase already aren't exactly fucked...
EDIT: Why are you going to downvote me for stating the obvious? If initial investors think the future is fucked, get out with your 1000x increase or whatever.... and you aren't fucked.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:43:28
I truly think this kind of acerbity in the community is one of the big reasons people on reddit and elsewhere are abandoning bitcoin for doge et al. 
I believe these kinds of contributions are exactly what bitcoin needs. If he gets a house because he made dozens of transactions and told an awesome story, isn't that a good thing? That's called a marketplace and a positive story, and bitcoin needs more of both things.
LONG EDIT: I know I'm getting/going to get downvotes for this, but I need to say more, as I've watched this thread: This kind of thoughtlessly putting people down without taking the time to understand the nature of their vision evidence was I believe is a cultural civil war that's happening in bitcoin and, I think, evidences one of the reasons for its trouble in the last few months: 
Bitcoin is a revolutionary concept with revolutionary implications. What it requires for long-term success are a stream of people and organizations willing to think outside of the box and showcase the good in our community, as well as the possibilities in the bitcoin marketplace. That is not just technology organizations or trading platforms. That is inclusive: it's everyone and all the gifts they have to offer.
But unfortunately, the bitcoin community is swimming with a sea of haters who put down each other (because we're all in this thing together) because their own myopic understanding of how the world should work gets in the way of our common goal and vision. 
What Doge does so well is this: they enjoy the ride. They enjoy people with strange and crazy ideas - some thoughtful and some not so thoughtful. They welcome anyone, regardless of how libertarian or cynical they are. They have fun. And they create an environment that is conducive to innovation and growth on all fronts. 
As a long-term cold storage bitcoin investor, I hope bitcoin can reclaim its identity. In the beginning, it had that feel. But I find that to be less and less the case every time I return to this subreddit or any other place where bitcoiners hang. I say all of this with a heavy heart... because I'm a loyal guy, and do plan on seeing bitcoin through this civil war. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 17:41:32
Okay, not to be a debbie downer, but: you posted two donation links to yourself on a thread along with a simple kind of suggestion that people make on this subreddit dozens if not hundreds of times a day, and you got some people to respond. Congratulations?
@_date: 2013-12-18 14:27:48
Sitting here with my wife, holding onto my hat, going, "should I sell... should I sell..."  
Then looking at that curve going..., "shit... if I sell then I'm that guy." 
Then reading the businessinsiders article with the bitcoin economist who says bitcoin will be at $10 by March, and going, "fuck... I don't want to be that guy either." 
Another day with bitcoin :) 
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:44:35
:) Congratulations if you're in a financial spot where you don't have to stress over a few hundred points! We're not. Also, the stress has as much to do with 3 weeks waiting for a transaction to go through as the rise in price. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 21:47:48
Correct. Regular checking... not a trading account.