@_author: avatarname
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:03:08
I tell you why. Because nobody will work them if there's no incentive. These guys know that they don't have enough expertise themselves to build them, so they release a coin in order that others could buy it or burn it (like Counterparty) or they could pay them this coin and Bitcoin later (Mastercoin) for their work on the protocol. 
Bitcoin was successful because Satoshi solved the major issue with it, these 2.0 guys don't have the big solutions, so if they want other people to work on these projects and create the necessary solutions, they need somehow to remunerate them and make sure that people get something out of this...
How far have colored coins come without creating an altcoin? Here's your answer. 
Though looks like Counterparty has encounter a critical flaw........ so this might go the way of dinosaurs 
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:40:29
even if it's Indian media
@_date: 2014-02-14 18:40:01
Slovakia is in European Union though, so you shouldn't worry much. They don't accept shady countries in EU....
@_date: 2014-01-11 23:29:57
of course you can suggest it to them, but I don't like that people use this as an excuse to demand 3% off every Bitcoin purchase.
The reason why retailers accept Bitcoin is to lower cost. Now, why would they accept Bitcoin if they have to pay back the margin saved by not using credit/debit card processors and risk insurance connected to that back to customers? There is no incentive, nothing is saved in costs- they just go to customers, instead of VISA.
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:33:11
yeah that value pegging thing seems kinda strange to me and nobody of them can really explain it to me, except in the wishy-washy ''we will peg and it will work'' way.
@_date: 2014-01-05 19:16:03
We shouldn't forget that higher price also means more $$$ (or rather money) for Bitcoin developers to build upon protocol and to allure top programming talent to build for Bitcoin. VC money is good, but VC won't fund all Bitcoin projects, especially those calling for more anonymity.
Mastercoin already saw the initial 600 thousand USD in bitcoin sent to them rise to 8-10 million due to Bitcoin and Mastercoin price growth, so the bigger the price, the more money to actually build good new stuff for Bitcoin, to buy more ATMs, and more money for exchanges to improve security and add new features. 
Also more miners, bigger network, more products released that are concerned with mining/virtual mining etc. 
Price is not everything and too big a price can only lead to new crashes, but it also empowers people to build new stuff for Bitcoin and for that you will need money, especially if you make hardware like ATMs, more efficient and economical mining rigs etc., parts for which need to be bought in USD. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:50:04
Netflix itself now tries to disrupt a market (TV networks) by creating their own shows and they are doing great. Imagine if they have the next Game of Thrones and have a worldwide release, to anyone with internet connection for Bitcoin on a certain date. It would be glorious.
Couple that with Oculus Rift and IMAX screen available to you on your face and it will be even more glorious.... goodbye HBO, CBS, NBC etc.
@_date: 2014-02-17 21:17:43
nobody operates in 100% risk free environment, even banks, because such environment DOES NOT EXIST. 
Of course, there's risk involved in 0 confirmations. Well, guess what? There's risk involved in you getting in your car every morning or eating at McDonalds... or bank giving you a loan.
What you do is, you manage the risk. Of course, nobody will transact huge sums even if there's 0.001% possibility of double spends, but people who exchange millions (already on blockchain) do not use 0 confirmations and even if you buy stuff online you don't use 0 confirmations.
The risk of double spend in case of buying Happy Meal or a pint at a bar is perfectly acceptable and nothing more unusual than what the business owners in that field are already dealing with. The risk is minimal, but yes, it exists. But, as the guy already mentioned, there's also a risk that people might leave without paying for dinner or a risk that when you give a bottle of beer to a guy before him paying, he won't just run away as fast as he can...
It's pretty stupid to think that zero confirmation is an unmanageable risk in situations where there are always plenty more opportunities for theft to happen.
You don't murder a guy on a street just because he shows you that he has 15 bucks in his wallet (if you're not a psycho), there's no incentive for that, Likewise there's no incentive for most people to grab the ordered food and just run away not paying. Therefore, what kind of an incentive there would be for people spending time, effort and computing resources to ''steal'' 15 bucks....?
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:07:33
Your grandchildren will probably not even know what Bitcoin is.
I mean Bitcoin is great but we're living in exponential IT times... In 20 years Bitcoin could again be replaced by something that's even more awesome
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:25:19
Counterparty could also be added. They have already burned 461 coins. I believe Mastercoins in its whole run only managed to get a bit more than 500
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:47:53
those who had fiat trapped for a long time will stay in fiat because if Gox goes under, fiat claim is better than Bitcoin claim.
If withdrawals open sure Mt.Gox might be hurt as many people will pull it out of there and will be off to other exchanges, but people who bought at USD 115 could as well HODL because when Mt.Gox problem is sorted, Bitcoin price should rise again
@_date: 2014-01-05 19:24:28
People talk about no contact transactions and how QR codes are a bad idea etc. but I don't get it. You could easily just create a POS terminal that both accepts credit cards and has a screen upwards (like a phone) to accept your QR code. When you want to pay with Bitcoin, just show the code to the screen and it's done. Easy. 
However I think if those beacon thingys take over some clever bloke will also find a way how to pay using Bitcoin with them (if they haven't already), so I don't see how some people say that QR codes suck and therefore paying with Bitcoin is inefficient etc. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 19:08:35
yup, times they're a changin'
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:08:28
indians have lakh and crores as numbers, have no idea what they mean but they're weird in that kind of way
@_date: 2014-01-11 12:53:01
they shouldn't refund in coins, they should send USD and Coinbase should refund the equivalent of sent USD in coins... I hope they don't consider refunding in coins just because of some moaners about the FX rate. Bitcoin fluctuates too wildly and if everyone demands to be refunded exact amount in coins, they will be out of business if price suddenly goes sky high....
And I hope people will not become as stupid at this point in Bitcoin's growth to request to be paid back exactly the amount of coins paid... Cause in case of Bitcoin appreciation it's not fair. You paid a USD price using Bitcoin, you should also get back USD in Bitcoin at the time of refund. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:51:35
go to Latvia, here you can get a EUR account in a Swedish bank (SEB, Swedbank) and it's very cheap to stay here for a while...
@_date: 2014-03-02 09:14:41
....and even at vitamins! and now they laugh at outer space. God help us!
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:03:42
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:30:38
I wanted to ask you when will you deal with that kid HarryPotter19  that taunted you on the forums. Surely you can hire a hitman in Darknet to deal with that annoying brat once and for all
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:38:46
pretty sure they don't buy coins from Mt.Gox and BTC-E do to their more scammy nature.
I'd bet Coinbase and Bitstamp are their main partners to sell coins to, cause Coinbase needs coins too.
@_date: 2014-01-19 10:06:48
in Europe, tap and pin 4 numbers are a default... you can't just swipe and done. I sometimes wonder how Americans can even go around swiping their cards left and right, if I had to only swipe I would be very suspicious of that kind of business that doesn't request PIN...
but perhaps that's because I've gotten use to 4 digit PIN and well, that's safer than just some schmuck stealing my card and swiping it left and right 
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:12:47
and that would be a problem, except in most countries deposits are insured. In my country everything below 100 000 euros that I have in a bank account is insured.
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:21:43
to that I say, you can always buy it later
@_date: 2014-02-09 12:57:59
Why, you dare to question my cyber- jokeying skills?? 
I was performing MMCPs over Siberia, dodging the Tolyazhnow Strela 17 icebreakers long before you were even born!!
@_date: 2014-01-11 13:59:21
The fact is that China's officials are deeply corrupt, so I don't even see how this law could even be enforced. Maybe for little people who exchange money for Bitcoin in dark alleys and policemen catch them, but if Huobi is backed by some powerful Party official who uses it to smuggle his own money out of the country.... well, good luck enforcing this law. Perhaps Leon Li has friends who are on 1st name basis with China's Prime Minister and then you know what will happen with Huobi and its ''dangerous game''. Exactly nothing.
It's the same like Soviet Union had the same law, but things were always smuggled in and money smuggled out. Only then you needed some guys who really crossed the border. Now you don't need anything, just to call the right people and say that Leon Li's acount is untouchable. 
People forget that if democracies are corrupt, dictatorships are 10 times more corrupt. In this case though at least hopefully middle class and little people also can buy Bitcoin, at least for now and turn it to USD abroad, if they really wish to (or just hold on to it)
@_date: 2014-02-23 10:47:00
In EU, I believe, governments already have fingerprints of everyone that has a passport or ID (pretty much everybody). At least I have given them the fingerprints when passport needed to be changed.
I don't believe it's different in the USA, but perhaps I'm wrong. After all you still had credit cars where mere swipe was sufficient to pay for stuff
Also I don't remember how it was with driving license (come to think about passport too), since perhaps they also took retinal scan.
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:53:20
this look like a better Counterparty blockchain explorer
@_date: 2014-01-05 08:02:49
BTC-E is a shady Russian run site that I would not touch with a ten feet pole.... Maybe it works for you, I dunno. But I wouldn't trust them a bit.
As I live in Europe I could recommend Bitstamp, but there probably are other options available in USA. However, if you want to trade I would still think the best volume and most credible exchange is Bitstamp. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:43:09
Actually it would make a ton of sense. If Netflix wants to go beyond its current markets, they need a flexible, universal payment option and credit cards, paypals etc. these aren't. As somebody said, if this or that beloved US service is not available in your country, that's probably because of payment options/fees and not because of any other reason.
I mean Bitpay/Coinbase now are already recognizable names and turn Bitcoin into USD easily, so Bitcoin could be essential for streaming services to move past the established First World markets (or in many cases just go beyond USA)
@_date: 2014-01-05 16:00:02
I agree that Colored coins seem to be more ''light'' protocol and I don't know how much funding they have, but when Ron mentioned those 8-10 million USD I was like ''whaaat?"
I mean with that you don't even need any VC money and it's the revolution by itself, forget kickstarter-schmikstarter and pennies floating around there (though I guess there have been some really big kickstarters too)
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:48:01
your bank didn't ask ID scan and didn't look where your registered address was?
find it hard to believe, this must have been BTC-E bank then...
Also, if your account movements were in low thousands and you suddenly received half a million, no doubt that the bank would go to you with exactly the same questions
@_date: 2014-02-21 08:53:55
this is insane arbitrage if that's true, I might test with small amount later... And I wonder why more people do not know about this, because yeah it's risky as hell but it's also risky as hell to keep Goxcoins and bet on MtGox solvency...
I mean, who's so confident to stack on goxcoins, to give 1 real BTC for 2 goxcoins... Wouldn't you be better off just selling a BTC on bitstamp and buying 4 goxcoins directly on Mt.Gox??
I can understand though if that's Mark who's buying all his goxcoins, as if he has bitcoin he will never in hell at this point convert to USD... So the only way how he can cash on this at the moment is, buy his own goxcoin for his BTC, then open the exchange and sell them for massive profit.
@_date: 2014-01-05 14:57:43
the ATM in Toronto Bitcoin Decentral is made by a Canadian company but no name was given.
Maybe you're thinking about that one. Though I think I have heard about another locally made ATM
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:20:46
In real world terms 51% attack is like Bank of America closing all its branches tomorrow, taking all the money and leaving, saying ''thank you!"
It doesn't happen though, mainly due to the same things why it would not happen with Bitcoin - much less risky to just run a business, nobody wants to spend the rest of the life in jail, you can't really get far with any really meaningful amounts of money, both in USD an the same in Bitcoin. Launder it as you want, but such amounts will stick out like a sore thumb. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 13:03:18
??? wtf you talking about, dawg?
@_date: 2014-01-11 23:36:50
Giving 3% discount to customers who buy stuff with Bitcoin would defeat the very purpose of adopting Bitcoin itself, i.e. to save costs related to credit/debit card fees.
I mean if we would believe that customers adopt bitcoin to save on their fees (and not just ''because I believe in going to the moon, bitcoin is the fuuuuture'') then this defeats the purpose of adopting Bitcoin. Why do it if you give this money away anyway, just instead of CC companies to customers.
I mean nothing is wrong with those people who generally believe in Bitcoin and its world-changing merits and therefore adopt the currency and give discounts, but if we want to see a wider adoption of Bitcoin.... these businesses like ebay, amazon etc. won't care about whether Bitcoin is future or not, they will accept Bitcoin because it costs less and is more safe for them to do so. So there is no reason for them to give money saved in fees back to customers, as if that were the case- why accept Bitcoin at all?
@_date: 2014-01-19 08:26:18
Currently there's no real incentive to use Bitcoin instead of credit card for customers and I say that as a big Bitcoin believer, but it's simply stupid to say that a customer would gain something paying with Bitcoin instead of fiat.
Of course if we're talking about miners or early adopters, or some people working in Bitcoin business that get part or whole salary in Bitcoin, that's different. It all has to do with whether you start out with fiat or Bitcoin.
Of course there's also a question of whether businesses accept your credit cards. I remember here on this board there was this one guy whose credit card was not accepted in the USA (he was a foreigner), and he just bought a gift card at Gyft and was able to buy what he needed. But that's only in some cases.
As per whether Bitcoin can really replace credit cards in the Western world, I'm sceptical. Also because of Square and other start ups already thinking about lowering costs with convenient methods. I think Bitcoin in the Western world is better off as an asset or for money transfers. However, Bitcoin can be a currency in other parts of the world that Square, Paypal etc. don't want to touch with a 10 foot pole due to the scammers and costs of setting that up for, say, 50 people who would use that currency per day. 
Still I believe Bitcoin 1.0 will be mostly useful as money transfer service, when new start-ups appear, and only then or as a currency in less developed world. For Western world, it would perhaps be better just as an asset, of course I would be happy if it was used for purchases but I dunno....
Now, Bitcoin 2.0 and all the things than can theoretically be built on the protocol- that's more interesting.
For businesses of course accepting Bitcoin is a better alternative as credit cards, both if we talk about protecting against fraud (customer information theft, scammers- no chargebacks) and also if we talk about fees.
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:07:56
I thought about this already a long time ago. I mean, why does piracy exist (mostly). There are several reasons, either you can't access the service (does not exist in some countries or locations), it costs too much or they don't take your credit card and paypal also doesn't want to touch your country with a ten fee pole due to scammers. Also there's the rights that currently networks distribute to each region seperately, so there's a lag of how fast new TV episodes get to Europe etc. 
With Bitcoin, Netflix can tackle all those issues. They create their own content now, so they can decide to distribute worldwide, if they have Bitcoin they can sell to anybody and also they can, based on your location, tweak the prices so a Russian or Chinese could pay lower fee due to differences in average earning.
Of course that could create a whole new breed of American scammers, wanting to change the regional setting to be able to get those shows for a lesser cost, but well... today torrenting is also available in First World, but the number of people who use it has gone down simply because I guess the price of streaming is adequate. What we need is to make it the same in developing world too. 
Of course torrents will exist always and perhaps the earnings from developing countries won't be big, but you still get more ads and well... I doubt it costs much to send a digital file over internet anyway.
@_date: 2014-01-05 08:20:53
if JesusCoin is successful maybe all people turn Christian? :D I mean how can it influence religion? Bitcoin doesn't have proof for example that Jesus never existed.
As for the transparency in Bitcoin, I believe if Bitcoin really becomes the world currency one day, governments and corporations by that time will create a way how to make their transactions anonymous. After all big exchanges already use tricks trying to conceal their accounts, since nobody wants all people in the world to see how rich you are. And that's the big problem with Bitcoin, the fact that your local gangstas given the technological expertise would know exactly how much money you have and how you spend it.
@_date: 2014-08-10 19:06:08
Also everyday the price stays the same, Bitcoin looks much more credible and similar to a real currency. 
Which it kinda isn't. But that's another point. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 08:39:16
I would gladly move to Scandinavia and you know why? Precisely for the reason you mentioned. So would 95% of world's population if they had ever been to Scandinavia.
Why? Because Scandinavian governments do not ''do all your thinking for you''. They just use the taxes, so that every member of the society would feel secure that if anything happens and they lose job, break a leg or even get to jail because of some stupid sh** done in their youth, they won't be ruined and written off for the rest of their life, instead they'll be given all means possible to get up on their feet again.
There's such a thing as progressive tax in Scandinavia, which means they richer you are the more you pay in taxes. And I believe that's right. Because being rich doesn't necessarily mean in all cases (or even in majority of cases) that you have better skills/work ethic etc. as others. It just means that for whatever reason you could get better education, perhaps you wasn't beaten in your childhood but instead encouraged to create and think on your own, perhaps you could meet the right people along the way or you grew up in Silicon valley, like Steve Jobs.
I'm pretty sure that if Steve Jobs was born in rural Russia with a father who beat him and told him that he'll never amount to anything in his life, if he didn't have enough money to go to half decent university, if there was no Woz around, there also would be no Apple.
What Scandinavia does is essentially provide as many people as possible with an opportunity to become the next Steve Jobs (aside from having Silicon Valley in their back yard), with the help of good welfare checks and help programs so that fathers wouldn't drink and beat their kids blaming them for all their problems, they provide cheap/free higher education and a society that is not repressive and where nobody frowns at somebody being a gay or whatever.
Yup, due to their taxes their Steve Jobs' do not make billions there, but I'd much rather be a millionaire in Scandinavia than a billionaire in a country where a poor black man can shoot me in the face because he thinks it's not fair that I drive around in limos and he has to mop floors because he can't go to college
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:34:44
and I have no plans to regulate Malaysian Central Bank
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:37:01
for the love of God, are you crazy man!!! you gonna put your money in that Mt. Gox????? NOOOOOOO!!! Noooooo
Even Russian mob run totally anonymous BTC E would be a better choice
@_date: 2014-01-05 22:48:38
They already have decentralized exchange and anyone can ''burn'' bitcoin to get XCP (Counterparty tokens).
Seems that they already have done more work than Mastercoin which is similar
@_date: 2014-02-02 08:55:29
why do you call yourself Vitalik, Vitaly? It sounds childish (in Russian Vitalik is a diminutive form of Vitaly, sort of like Teddy instead of Ted). 
@_date: 2014-01-11 22:42:39
yeah but if CEX.io tried to double spend, we'd be talking about millions of USD in BTC probably, not hundreds or thousands. And at that time a double spend like that would greatly shake people's belief in Bitcoin as such, big exchanges would probably even suspend cashing out and trading, the price would go tumbling down and many people might just move to Litecoin or other coin that offers better protection (at least in theory) in case of such attack.
So I still find it implausible that people who would want to make 51% after investing literally millions in mining gear, wouldn't consider that a double spend in millions would shake the entire foundation of Bitcoin...
@_date: 2014-01-05 09:03:33
For all my respect to Andreas Antonopolos, it is ridiculous that, as he says, Argentinian and Greece's governments would arrive at night, drag some guy's family out of bed and take to prison or wherever. These are democratic countries. Of course they have fucked up fiscal policies, but he paints the picture as if these are some kind of worst African regimes regarding basic human rights... He talks about Americans not having a clue while he himself seems like not having a clue about the real situation in these countries.
It's similar to the Cyprus situation. All the people cried and moaned about how banks took some money from ''Cypriot people''. The reality though is that no deposit in Cyprus bank at 100 000 EUR or less was touched. Cyprus is a country at least two orders of magnitude less rich than USA, and I would be hard pressed to think that Cyprus middle class family has more than 100 000 EUR in the bank. So essentially what happened is that all the fat Russian oligarchs and local millionaires who had more than 100 000 USD in the bank account got taxed as they should have been. Cyprus crisis wasn't about little man or middle class taxed out of oblivion, in fact it was quite the contrary situation.
All this knee-jerk reaction about USD and EUR etc. collapsing and whatnot. It will not happen, people. Let's be realistic. Maybe Bitcoin can take over as a reserve currency but it won't happen because USD fails, it will only happen if people really see that Bitcoin is better than fiat currencies, but fiat will be fine as it is if Bitcoin fails to overtake it.
Andreas is a smart guy but he veers to much to the side of anarcho-libertarians. And I'm not saying that this won't happen, that states won't get replaced just by smart markets, but as they say ''be careful what you wish for''. I'm not an American but the world would be a few times worse place without USA and its interests in every pie. Because if there was no USA, there are plenty of much more corrupt and worse regimes (including those having nukes) that would have no problem exploiting other countries in a 10 times worse ways than USA...
I agree to him though, that Bitcoin needs to be encrypted and truly anonymous. I mean sure, then you won't know how much money corporations, governments etc. have and spend, but also as he said this will help vs oppressive governments and generally your neighbours or crooks knowing how much monwy you have and how you spend it.  
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:28:03
2Chainz will come
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:16:43
A question- say 51% attack is successful. The next thing is, how would they withdraw Bitcoins to fiat? As, when attack is discovered, Bitcoin's value will plunge to unimaginable lows (at least for the last year's value)... so they will not want to stay in Bitcoin. So they'll want to withdraw. Where? Through Coinbase? Noooooo. Through Mt.Gox? Noooooo. Bitstamp? ID needed. Nooooo. BTC E? Millions in USD? Really? Or they will just buy stuff on Overstock??
Bank wires take days to arrive. During that time, people will already be able to put together what exactly happened.
It's just very implausible. Currently the infrastructure does not support suden and fast withdrawals of millions out of Bitcoin, and to stay in Bitcoin and launder the money? How can people be sure that the attack does not kill Bitcoin?
In future... We can talk a lot about future, but when Bitcoin has trillions in it, 51% attacks will be punishable by lethal injection..... that's a good incentive not to do it. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:57:20
that proves again that China government's warning did squat at least to people buying BTC in China...
Of course this now might escalate further to arrests and cease and desist letters etc. and bring the price down again, but I would believe the second time market will not act as hysterically about China news
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:18:13
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:23:02
and Circlejerk CEOs will be speaking at r/bitcoin as soon as CEX.io again is close to 50%
@_date: 2014-05-18 20:36:10
Perhaps some of the less used altcoins, or even Dogecoin you can probably buy much easier with Bitcoin than USD...
But yeah, since it's hard for small altcoin operators to get reliable services to accept USD or other regular currencies, Bitcoin can probably get your Freicoin, Protoshares or sth like that much easier than USD.
Additionally I guess there are some jobs for Bitcoin entrepreneurs that only pay salaries in Bitcoin...
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:38:57
that happened on feathercoin because it's a cheap coin fir which to get 51% is a kid's game... Somebody probably did it just for laughts.
With bitcoin it's hard for me to imagine any financial incentive of doing a 51% attack, you would have to invest lot more in hardware than you could steal doing double spends in 51%.... How much do you think such attacker could cash out when the news broke out about a significant double spend? Bitcoin's value would plunge to nothing and exchanges would probably close the doors. Not to mention legal action vs such a person/group of persons (even without clear regulation). 
Of course you can be afraid from everything all the time, but where's financial incentive of doing 51% attack, I ask you?? There isn't one, there can only be ideological incentive but sorry, tin foil hat wearers, nobody is out to get Bitcoin disappear. Nobody is fighting it. People are just still figuring out if this just won't collapse one day to its own internal problems...
Saying that GHash would do a 51% is like saying that JP Morgan could tomorrow take all its investors money and leave US economy. Where's the effin incentive? There's no incentive to do 10 USD double spends (because it's a question of reputation) and also there's no incentive of doing millions of USD in bitcoins, because THERE WOULD BE NO WAY TO GET SUCH AN AMOUNT OUT OF THE COLLAPSING BITCOIN FAST ENOUGH.
51% double spend of small amount done by GHash would kill their reputation and double spend of big amount would kill Bitcoin's price, so I ask again- where's the incentive?
Of course some mysterious entity could buy up all available miners and start 51% again, if only due to ideology, but as I said- nobody is out there to destroy Bitcoin, the stupid libertarian paranoia is insane. I love Bitcoin because it's better than what we have now, not because I believe in these stupid ideas that everybody is evil and going after your money.... oh my god USD has been devalued.... during last effin 100 years, when it started your grandma wasn't even born yet, not to mention your salaries have also risen significantly (due to the same inflation) during that time
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:28:14
Nothing would happen. Why? Because the price has already suffered because of it, people who have coins in Mt.Gox can't withdraw them, so there is no possibility for them to '''panic sell'' the coins. 
If Mt.Gox closes the doors tomorrow and says ''sorry, we've lost your coins'', nothing will happen, because Mt.Gox coins are already in limbo.
Of course that might impact the overall trust of exchanges, but there can't be panic sell, because people who have coins in Stamp or BTC-E won't sell coins because Mt.Gox closed. Of course, we cannot really predict whether or not the closing of Mt.Gox will cause an irrational panic and other exchange clients won't apply that risk to their exchanges too and sell off...
@_date: 2014-09-30 20:45:02
I wonder why is trusting 3rd parties even such an issue?
I've never had my money stolen by anyone using a bank. 
I like Bitcoin because it makes it easy to transfer value regardless of whether you are located in North Korea or Norway to any place low cost. No third party aspect in payment processing is cool, but for storage it's good that people have options and they should have them, because majority do not give 2 shits about what conspiracy theorists think of 3rd parties...
And anyway, I have 60 bucks in Bitcoin so... don't care, will try Circle. If one has substantial amount in it well yeah, then you have to think how to secure it.
@_date: 2014-01-14 09:21:46
Also more opportunities for average folk to think Bitcoin is just a scam, if you allow only buy and not cash out. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:29:15
no one cares about the damn stability, I mean... nobody is writing when dollar or euro is stable, why would they when Bitcoin is
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:45:48
Obviously you've never worked at a bank. 
I guess that's because Bitcoin is still considered to be more ''shady'' than regular money and the guys at Bitstamp want to make sure that they are as thorough as possible, not to get their euros/usd seized...
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:54:16
I wrote the second post about NETFLIX OWN created content to expand more on this.
I believe what they would gain from Bitcoin, would be the ability to distribute their own shows like House of Cards immediately to any location in the world with internet connection.
They would make the content themselves, so they would not need bother with rights management. 
But of course, regional rights is also a big factor in that. However I believe the main problem is credit card scammers in any country and that's the problem also impacting paypal and any service that deal with credit cards directly. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:23:12
Well, there was once a time I supported Myspace and thought it's the best thing that had ever appeared on internet, I though it was going to change a lot in terms of how we interact etc. Then came Facebook.... and I started to love Facebook.
I have nothing against Bitcoin, I love it. But if you'll be clinging to Bitcoin EVEN if something provably better on every account appears, then you're no better than today's banksters and their legacy systems.
The fact is the world is changing in a more and more rapid pace, today some awesome technologies don't even have time to shine in the spotlight because they are overwhelmed by others, more awesome ones, in a matter of months.... In future it will only escalate, especially when semi-smart appliances and soft (internet of things) appear and our fridges and cars start to shake up markets and create decentralized corporations
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:37:32
it's not Ponzey you fool What is ponzey it's your fiat that is devaluate all time and soon dollar will die and euro and other fiat money... I'm HODLING for the long term since Bitcoin will go to Moon, if you have savings account in bank withdraw all fiat and buy bitcoin on exchange like Mt.Gox and you'll be rich in a year, i knowa and that reason I HODLING to the moon!!!
@_date: 2014-01-11 22:11:34
the only real option would seem SnapCard but there you have to pay extra 1% (or was it 2%) for their service... But you can buy wherever you want
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:50:43
why the hell would the price crash?
As soon as Mt.Gox opens withdrawals, sell on Gox will be up to other exchange standards and will continue to rise on all exchanges, since the problem will have been sorted out. Yup, some will sell, majority will just relocate to BTC-E or Bitstamp or cold wallets and will hold, as the price will climb up