@_author: avatoin
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:49:08
If someone had access to an encrypted set of private keys, then yes that xkcd would be relevant. 
The weak link is a problem in the algorithm that generates the key that greatly reduces the number of guesses required to either guess a specific key or an existing key.
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:44:44
Easy answer: Bitcoiners didn't pay for government officials to be elected. The bankers did, many years ago.
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:23:22
Well. Paper wallets can/are part of the solution, but not by themselves.
Remember, in computer security: Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability (CIA). 
In no particular order
1. Keep you data encrypted. Encrypt your paper wallets.
2. Keep the data secure, store the paper wallets in safe or safety deposit box, along with the keys for the encryption.
3. Keep multiple, separated copies of the wallet. Encrypt one wallet offline and store it on Mega.co.nz, ensure that the account information is separate from your other accounts, and the keys are not stored with the wallet. Create a couple of paper wallets, put on in a safety deposit box, put another in your own safe, maybe put another in a box and bury the box in the middle of nowhere (IDK), but keep multiple copies so that even if one is destroyed, you have other copies available.
4. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. Keep some coins in an easily accessible wallet for quick spending. Keep some more in a separate wallet that takes more effort to get to. Spread out the rest in separate wallets, never all in one and never all in the same place. If you want to be safe do something like: Create 18 wallets, spread out your coins amongst these 18 wallets. Store a random set of 9 in one place, store about 9 in another place, store another 9 (there will be overlap) in another place. So even if one set is compromised, you still haven't lost all your money.
5. Encryption, Encryption, Encryption. Encrypt the laptop hard drive that you are using for your wallets. Use Tor and/or a VPN when online. Encrypt all wallets using different key. Keep the keys secure and encrypted not unlike how you are storing your wallets. Avoid going online if you don't have to. 
