@_author: avdale
@_date: 2014-02-26 10:44:10
If you don't want to accept an obvious truth that's on you, I'm done.
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:56:59
pretty much is a circlejerk by design.
The mods and most prominent users own large amounts of bitcoin, they have a vested personal interest in directing discussion towards the promotion of bitcoins. They have played a significant part in steering the sub to being "X now accepts bitcoin" posts and links to articles and interviews talking about how great bitcoin is.
Remember when after the China crash the mods decided to ban "Emotional posting?" What the fuck does that mean? The effect was that all the people horrified at losing big on the crash couldn't post their concerns. The content of the subreddit was altered to try and keep the discussion about bitcoin positive, in spite of a massive negative backlash. That is literally the definition of a circlejerk.
@_date: 2014-05-19 11:38:00
So when a company goes into liquidation and its share price crashes down into nothing, even after the company is defunct, if you just hold onto your shares the crash isn't final?
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:45:51
Your post implies that US Treasury Bonds and Bitcoins are somewhat comparable which seems unfair. 
Yes currency can be both an investment and a medium of exchange, the problem is that the vast majority of the bitcoin community are buying as investors with no intention to sell. See: That stupid "Hold!" image macro that gets spammed whenever there's a crash. This is the definition of how to create a bubble: when people are investing, for the sake of investing, not when there is a useful commodity behind the investment.
@_date: 2014-02-26 10:33:03
I think it's a reality as there's barely any places to spend your BTC and doing so is far harder than the USD equivalent. Right now I can spend my BTC on random purchases on a less reliable and more expensive Amazon or I can hunt down random local merchants in my area. Neither are particularly appealing.
This sub even makes a big deal out of the practice of not actually buying goods and services out of your BTC 'investment', instead purchasing the exact amount of BTC for the transaction then immediately spending it.
I think most people like to think it's a fallacy as it directly counts against their investment.
@_date: 2014-01-31 06:22:13
You're referring to yourself as we for some reason when you're a sole practitioner. You also have a pretty obvious spelling mistake on the front page of your free wordpress template and your blog hasn't been updated in over a year.
Why should I as a potential client take you seriously again? :/
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:54:29
This is sounding dangerously like "Free Man on the Land" quackery but the typical way to opt out of the social contract would be to leave the jurisdiction.
@_date: 2015-02-05 12:38:40
This guy goes to Coinbase, buys $6000 worth of BTC. Coinbase Person is A. He then takes that BTC to the random person he knows nothing about, meets up with them, and exchanges it for cash. The random guy is person B. 
Money has gone from A to B through the service provided by the guy in the article. Why is this bad? Coinbase has KYC and AML requirements. They have to report transactions over certain thresholds and keep records of their customers. 
The service the guy in the article is providing lets people skip around these requirements. They can make large transactions without triggering the federally mandated reporting and customer information records. This is a felony. OP could potentially be seeing jail time. There's a reason his bank accounts are getting closed wherever he goes...