@_author: avivz78
@_date: 2014-07-01 06:54:22
Thanks for taking the time to write the tl;dw!  :-)
I wish I had more time to go into the details of the paper.
@_date: 2014-07-01 06:50:53
Thanks for posting! I wasn't even aware the talk was online.
@_date: 2017-01-01 16:51:24




We took the time and effort to prove every statement, and to simulate the protocol. That's why the paper is 70 pages. I think this is better than a short version without any proof. You don't have to read the whole thing, but at least have a look at the statements of the main properties of the protocol. From what you write, I don't think you understood the basic properties. 


This is not precise. This only occurs if the network is under attack via a balancing attack.


Yes, but there are proposals to fix maleability already. This isn't too difficult.


RBF transactions do not necessarily need to conflict the original transaction (as long as other inputs and outputs remain the same) only the fee payment is in conflict.


I don't see how you deduced this. A malicious party in a multisig can at best refuse to sign. 


Our paper specifies that everyone that mines a block gets the block reward. Our work in the inclusive protocols paper also deals with this issue. I think we covered the fairness issue better than most.


SPV is easy to add on. Simply have nodes commit to roots of UTxO Merkle trees that have been accepted sufficiently well in the DAG. Easy.


It doesn't. See the theorems that we prove in the paper. That's the whole point of the work.


Skepticism is good, but you should at least take the time to read before you criticize.
@_date: 2017-01-01 16:39:16
Hi, 
Sorry for not responding earlier. SPECTRE handles the balancing attack that you mention quite simply: If the attacker is balancing two blocks, then we show that they must be published, i.e., if they contain conflicting transactions, the recipients of these transactions can see the double spend in the DAG. 
The decision SPECTRE makes is per transaction: Transactions that are not double-spent are then approved without a problem (in this case we don't care if there are other blocks that are tied). Those that are double spent are not accepted until the tie is broken -- thus SPECTRE may delay the acceptance of double-spent transactions until such attacks cease.
As Meni noted, SPV is not a problem (e.g., using a simple tweak that adds  validity rules for blocks that commit to a merkle root of deep approved UtxO)
@_date: 2015-07-23 15:30:43
Hi, I'm one of the authors of the paper. Great to see the discussion here! (thanks for posting OP!)
I'm actually a big supporter of block size increases (or rather of block-rate increases) so while there is some argument here to be made against the block size increase (in the sense that it does make Bitcoin a bit more susceptible to selfish mining), I want to stress that we did not quantify the magnitude of the effect. 
We only show (as a theoretical result) that selfish mining is profitable when there are delays. It is important to notice that there are delays even with 10 minute 1MB blocks. An increase in block size and block rate will make things worse, but probably only by a very small amount. a lot depends on the magnitude of the increase, the network's topology, and many other unknowns. 
Still, as a proponent of (eventual) aggressive block rate increases (given sufficient protocol improvements and additional highly needed research) I think we need to better understand the consequences and various tradeoffs (hence our motivation for this research).
@_date: 2015-07-23 15:16:50
Hi, I'm one of the authors of the paper.
The Question: 
Selfish mining by Eyal &amp; Sirer seems to be unprofitable for small miners, but it is not the worst selfish mining strategy. How bad can it get? Are we safe from selfish mining if all miners are small / relatively poorly connected (low gamma)?
1) We have an algorithm for finding the optimal selfish-mining attack (within the E&amp;S model). We thus find strategies that outperform those of Eyal and Sirer (for any connectivity parameter gamma). 
2) We use the alg. above to quantify the risk from the worst case selfish miners: We can prove that there is a minimal size for a miner to be effective at selfish mining (this size is smaller than E&amp;S have shown, but not by much).
3) When there are delays in the network (an alternative model that does not include gamma as a parameter, but rather a precise network topology) we can show that any size miner has _some_ strategy that outperforms honest mining. We do not know how much more profitable it'll be. We think profits will be small.
Edit: P.S. To our surprise, we found cases where the attacker benefits from mining on a branch that is *not* the longest chain. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 10:11:44
Thanks for posting :-)
We'd really like to get feedback. We couldn't find any severe negative aspect to the modification we suggest, and we'd love to know if it could work!
@_date: 2013-12-06 19:06:50
If you have to transmit 600MB per block over several hops, block propagation would take a very long time. You'd have lots of orphans, and 50% attacks would be possible probably with under 10% of the hash power. 
Either way, with high transaction rates you'd need a solution like the mini-blockchain to erase the past and limit the storage problems. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 11:46:33
I was updating the price in the paper on a daily basis hence the typo. Damn thing won't hold still!
@_date: 2013-12-06 22:39:50
Thanks! 
I'll make sure to put this to good use, it'll go towards Yonatan's coffee fund. He deserves it more than I do.
@_date: 2013-12-06 13:57:42
I'd be up for writing one if I knew how to do it without having to explain a lot about the Bitcoin protocol. I'm in this jam every time I speak about my work: I have to give a lengthy introduction in to how Bitcoin works before being able to explain what we want to change (and just then ... I run out of time). 
BTW, this is also the case with computer scientists and CS students. The protocol is hard to digest, so don't be discouraged if it seems complicated. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:12:39
Giving all blocks the same reward is not good because someone can easily create difficulty-1 blocks referencing only the genesis block. 
Another alternative is to try and split the rewards equally between all blocks of a given height. The problem here is that it means that as a new block for a given height is received, other blocks loose some of their reward. This means that they never have full knowledge that their payment has been received and cannot be lowered. There is no way for them to ever be able to spend the full amount. 
If you have other ideas I'd love to hear them. This is a part of the protocol where I would most want to change things.