@_author: avkomin
@_date: 2019-11-02 10:27:00
Dear friend. You misunderstand my idea. My work is not aimed at discrediting bitcoin. Let me explain: It was not Bitcoin that pushed the world to the edge of the abyss, people did it! The book tells of events where bitcoin in bad hands has become evil rock for humanity. At the beginning of my work, it is said about Satoshi and his idea that bitcoin is a cure for the cartel of central banks and states. But greedy people ruined this idea. The protagonist will not fight with Bitcoin, but with people who defamed him! The description of the plot says: A lot of secrets to be solved. Conspiracies and intrigues weaving around the hero like snakes. Pass hundreds of tests and stay alive, bring the matter to the end and determine where the truth is, and where are false ideals and beliefs. What will be the result of the struggle for peace, which is in the balance of death, we have yet to find out.
This suggests that it is not Bitcoin that is the problem of mankind, but certain secret societies and what is in the citadels!
Ultimately, my third book will be that Bitcoin will restore its pure name and the world will finally flourish. Satoshi's idea will be implemented in its purest form!
@_date: 2019-11-01 14:16:16
Thank you for attention. I also believe and support bitcoin. I believe that he is salvation from the hegemony of banks. My work is just a development of the events described in 2013. Fiction, dystopia. The story being told is a story about people living in a world where there are no central banks, there are no state funds, there are only people and bitcoin. In addition, in my story, the world was not ruined by bitcoin, but by people. Greedy people used bitcoin for personal gain, which led to a bad result for the whole world.
@_date: 2019-11-01 17:35:28
Неожиданно встретить русскоговорящего пользователя. Благодарю за подсказанный сервис, буду иметь его ввиду. Касательно суммы сборов. Это цифра взята не с потолка, включает в себя все необходимые затраты на выпуск и тиражирование произведения в типографиях города Екатеринбург. Так же, в эту сумму входят затраты перевода на английский язык и размещение на англоязычных интернет площадках.