@_author: avriljuin
@_date: 2014-10-09 18:59:47
Well if it helps any, I've been talking extensively with their support people, I will post the entire response (which gets more and more vague the more I ask about logical, specific payment methods) as soon as I confirm (or not) a couple more things with them. I'm beginning to wonder if Circle=scam? especially considering threads like this: 
Maybe they're just clueless/swamped but giving certain members more leeway just because they call their customer support is alone sort of a red flag- scammers often are quite bold, so calling says nothing other than Circle is either nepotistic or naive, what with their 'suspicions' and hodge-podge (so far) allowing (or not) of various types of accounts/cards etc..
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:18:03
I've been emailing Circle's support- they are telling me directly they don't accept pre-pay or gift visas wtf? Despite press like this:  
They are also refusing US PayPal cards (proper MC debit card off my account funds) despite saying they they will take regular Visa/MC debit and credit cards (which is what PayPal's card IS). It let me add it- but unusable. 
 Anyone know what they WILL take (I'm looking for PayPal products, pre-pay, gift or things like online banking from within the US). If you know products like this that work please post it.
Also why the backtracking? Are they already getting scammed or ?? Im a n00b so sorry if I'm missing another thread about this- thanks! :)
@_date: 2014-10-10 18:34:39
I just posted basically everything they told me below (or maybe above, depending on how you sort I guess), but not sure what you mean by PayPal pre-pay? PayPal has a routing number? Where? :D lol I wanna try it! ;D 
I suspect we are talking about different PayPal products? I'm talking about the MC you use to draw funds off the cash account itself (like where eBayers pay you) not the line of credit or other products- please enlighten. What little their CS told me about online only bank accounts is below :)
@_date: 2014-10-10 18:24:11
Sorry this is long- hopefully it's self-explanatory, whether or not helpful (wrote them after recving error msg=couldn't use PayPal MC card Circle allowed me to add)
Oct 07 01:12 AM
I'm trying to deposit a small amount from a US PayPal account using my PayPal debit card which I was able to register at circle, but am getting an error msg and nothing is happening on the PayPal end of things. Please advise, thanks!
-me (avriljuin)
April M. (Circle)
Oct 07 05:37 PM
Thanks for writing in!
Circle does not support PayPal cards at this time. This is why it is not working. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Team Circle
Oct 07 05:57 PM
How would you suggest I add PayPal funds most easily then? Can PayPal be added as a bank account? Additionally, do you accept pre-pay and/or gift Visa cards? There is a lot of hype in the media saying that you do, but it didn't seem like people who said they tried it had consistent results. I'm looking for a simple way to turn my eBay cash into bitcoin securely (without having to do the lengthy bank account deposit etc route). Thanks for any advice :)
April M. (Circle)
Oct 08 08:41 AM
Great question. The way to add funds to you Circle account is to connect a US bank account or credit/debit card, but these accounts have to be owned and operated by you, plus associated with your address.
This means that pre-paid and/or Visa gift cards will not work. Unfortunately, Paypal doesn't work because they do not link to your identity in the same way that an official banking institution would.
--&gt;I have also heard that there is a rumor that Circle accepts prepaid and gift cards. This is false. Circle does not support them.&lt;--(my emphasis)
I completely understand why this would be helpful for you to turn ebay cash into bitcoin, but neither gift cards nor paypal will work with Circle.
Let me know if you have any more questions. Have a great day!
Oct 08 06:27 PM
Thanks for the update on the rumor(s)- you might want to let Reddit /bitcoin people know that because it is being circulated there widely. Meantime I just want to double check a few things:
You are aware that your service allowed me to add my PayPal card. And just in case you're not aware, it's a Mastercard debit card funded off of cash already sitting in the account, which does require bank account and other identifying info (SSN) to open, etc... and can be used both for running standard MC debit/credit-style (ie they require your signature) transactions. It's embossed with my name and everything lol. So not sure why you guys won't take these if you take regular credit cards since this can only use confirmed funds I've already either earned via eBay sales or deposited from my bank account, there's no credit option (Paypal has other cards/lines of credit but this is the MC card running off the cash balance in their account only).
So question two: will a pre-pay Visa issued with my name embossed, mailed to my address, by a bank work? As opposed to the non-embossed drug store kind?
3rd question: If none of those work, can I use an online bank account to deposit from (and I assume, withdraw to)? To be honest, I don't want to give over my 'good' bank account info with all the (no offense) bitcoin scammer start-ups that suddenly fold, taking everyone's bitcoin, etc.. But would be really happy to have a way to make some of my online income into bitcoin safely.
Thanks for your time! :)
April M. (Circle)
Oct 09 11:23 AM
1) It seems that some cards can be added, but the charges won't go through. This will change, to avoid the confusion.
2) Unfortunately, no prepaid Visa will work either!
3) I completely understand your hesitation to provide, in your words, a "good bank account," however we must build mutual trust in order to process transactions. Circle takes it's security and identity confirmation very seriously, and --&gt;without a bank account that is connected to you, we cannot process transactions.&lt;-- (again my emphasis)
If you do not feel comfortable, let me know if there is anything else that I can provide to make you confident that Circle will protect all information that you send our way.
Here to help,
Oct 09 02:46 PM
Hi again,
So just to confirm (because I wasn't sure from your last response)- an *online* bank (US) is(? or isn't?) ok to add? I don't want to go to the trouble to set one up to have it rejected by Circle again.
Further, are ALL MC and Visa branded (US) credit and debit cards accepted? Or is there a list somewhere of what is/isn't allowed? If the first part of this question is true, then PayPal's debit card should work, correct?
..basically I'm looking at a situation of limited credit, I only have my PayPal account, my bank account and he ability to get pre-pay Visa cards etc.. I'm not interested in building trust (that's accomplished when you guys are around for years and don't scam by saying you were 'hacked' while making off with everyone's bitcoin - IMHO- again no offense), I'm interested in finding a legitimate platform that would facilitate straightforward buying/selling as you advertised extensively in the media before your opening.
Thanks again for your help, I would appreciate a clear answer to the questions above as it seems there's a lot of people in the bitcoin community wondering the same things I am right now ;)
April M. (Circle)
Oct 09 02:53 PM
Let me try again :)
1) "Online" bank account is a bit of a vague term. I know that Simple Bank, an online bank, works. You would have to try it to see if we accept it.
2) Mastercard and Visa US credit and debit cards are supported, but not prepaid or gift cards, even backed by these institutions. 
I hope this will work for you!
As you can see, I incessantly annoy her with my questions but she never addresses the fact (AFAIK been using them 10ish years)- PayPal MC debit card IS a regular MC card (not pre-pay/gift), it DOES require bank and SSN ID info to open etc... If there is chargeback risk with all cards, it is actually prolly a bit less with PayPal who is very strict about holding (your cash) funds til they clear, especially with newer users. She implies you can add at least the online (as in, no brick and mortar presence) bank Simple Bank, but then is vague immediately after. Is she saying you must have a bank account added to do any transaction? I wasn't aware of this if so- or maybe they invented this policy in the last 72hrs also? lol :P 
Also I highlighted where she negates the 'rumor' they will take pre-pay and gift Visa, although later I found someone quoted a Circle officer saying to (at least the tech) media, that they would be taking them. Not sure if this really helps because they are so vague/make it up as you go about their rules, but maybe it helps save others banging their heads against the Circle wall. YMMV! :)
@_date: 2014-10-13 21:14:18
So to clarify, are you talking about the standard PayPal debit card that is attached to the PayPal account balance, or another product? AFAIK, the standard MC debit is configured so that you would have to deposit to your regular bank account, then to PayPal balance to spend. Sounds like what you are speaking of is more of the 'push' variety of pre-pay that people can deposit their paychecks to- if you have a link for applying for or getting that product, I'd love to see it! :)
In any case, as far as I can tell, Circle *said* they'd allow pre-pays like you are describing, then re-neged upon opening their (virtual) doors. It really doesn't make sense when you stop to think about it. Especially because they had advertised they were going to accept push-type deposits to credit cards later on, I thought. Not sure if they are scammers, or just clueless about their business model. Hmm. 