@_author: awarningyoullremembe
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:32:26
You still didn't say what value bitcoins have. Gold is "worth" something because its a scarce element that people find attractive and has a use as a conductor among other things. You can't wear a bitcoin or use it to do something useful intrinsicly.
All owning a bitcoin means is that you know the answer to a mathematical equation which lets you manipulate a decentralized network of numbers which really only represents computer cycles from start to finish.
Like you said, thats all well and good if everyone keeps believing in it. However, I believe its deflationary design will ensure people do not believe in it. Short-term users will use alternative cryptocurrencies which are not deflationary.
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:56:12
I'm referring to people paying with actual bitcoins. Lets say there are 100 bitcoins total and I have 2. I pay for dinner for 1 bitcoin to a restaurant. Now I go buy another bitcoin for $1,000 so I have 2 bitcoins again, the restaurant has 1, and there are still 100 total bitcoins.
Now Sue wants to buy some Bitcoins but since I just bought 1 to replace the 1 I spent I've increased scarcity. She will have to pay $1100 to buy 1 bitcoin.
Of course, the 100 bitcoins value is growing but not as fast as people are entering the market wanting to buy more bitcoins. This is causing a deflationary spiral because people realize that obviously holding onto your bitcoins is more valuable than spending them.
If you DO spend them, you have to immediately rebuy what you spent, in order to maintain the upwards pressure on pricing. All we're seeing is people re-buying into the market as new people buy into the market with a limited total supply available. Its not rocket science, but eventually people are going to figure out that this isn't some new magical economy. They're just buying a shrinking share of a resource that maybe isn't so valuable since there are an infinite amount of other cryptocurrencies that aren't deflationary by design and so you don't have to worry about spending it freely.
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:57:05
What is the real value that you are transferring or storing?
@_date: 2013-11-30 02:57:22
It doesn't matter that people are spending bitcoins. They are then immediately buying more bitcoins to replace what they spent. This is driving scarcity and bitcoin may become too rare for its own good. Meanwhile, exactly as we're seeing, it looks as if holding bitcoin is the investment of a lifetime and it can be if you predict the shift in the market correctly.
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:33:45
What does today have to do with anything? The continued unsustainable rise in values of bitcoins due to scarcity?
@_date: 2013-11-30 02:59:39
Um.. about two years ago the same thing occurred, is that what you're referencing? It doesn't matter that bitcoins is in a cyclical deflationary bubble state. Eventually the bubble will grow big enough and burst loud enough that it will really tarnish bitcoins reputation.
@_date: 2013-11-30 02:54:57
In what way?
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:50:39
This is the exact deflationary mindset that signals the ultimate problem with bitcoin. It is inherently instable and favors people hoarding it due to its deflationary design. This means people wishing to conduct transactions will favor alternative cryptocurrencies that are more stable. The imagined "ultimate scarcity" of bitcoins will be nothing more than an illusion as the mass market of buyers and sellers will never arrive due to them seeing they're operating under an umbrella of deflationary speculation that robs them of profits.
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:47:33
Nothing I said is a metaphor.
This probably says it a bit better. In particular, my concerns are outlined in part 2 of the counter argument:


2. Once prices do stabilize in the future, there will always be the knowledge that the number of Bitcoins in the market is limited. As a result, to the extent the GDP of the Bitcoin economy increases (the total value of all Bitcoin transactions completed increases in "real" terms), there will continue to be price deflation. The expectation of future deflation means that there will be a discrepancy in perceived values between parties valuing bitcoin on longer or shorter time horizons. The apparent over-pricing of bitcoin from the perspective of people engaging in short term transactions will encourage the creation and adoption of competing systems. 
Since Bitcoin is deflationary by design people who just want to use it to make purchases will always be pissed off by speculators counting on that deflation driving prices higher. As a result, people will flee from it eventually for alternatives that aren't deflationary by design.
I guess the true take-away for me at least is that not only is bitcoin in a major deflationary spiral right now, but once it collapses it might signal the end of bitcoin's dominance due to a sort of proof of design flaw.
This is not necessarily the start of bitcoin's rise to fame, but rather the first test and probably failure of a cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:09:38
This gets more to the root of the issue actually. Chances are high the vendors bought back into fiat if they need the money, because by design it would be stupid to convert back from bitcoin to fiat if you need it for returns and so on. Its deflationary by design so you get a much larger return by sitting on bitcoin than fiat money. Thus yes, the supply does become limited, thats the whole point. You can't incentivize people to sit on their money without some serious problems. At first, yes, everyone will be happy because they're "making money" but eventually there won't be anymore buyers, they'll just be using a different currency after being priced out of bitcoin and when that happens the "infinite deflation" of bitcoin illusion will disappear and its value will plummet.
This will happen over and over and over again because of how bitcoin is designed.
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:04:18
So you spread 1 bitcoin to other people, and then immediately repurchased 1 bitcoin. The supply of bitcoins though is simply not keeping up with this demand as people spend and rebuy bitcoins thus the price continues to rise. All we're seeing is a resource being spread ever thinner by demand not meeting supply. Sure, you can divide bitcoins up, but it still means that people who do NOT spend their bitcoins are guaranteed ever increasing returns assuming the market keeps growing.
The issue is that people new to cryptocurrencies are going to start saying, "Well, I could buy a $10,000 bitcoin.. or buy $10,000 worth of $10 Xcoins which won't make me feel bad when I spend. I have bitcoins but I just hold onto those cause the price keeps going up. Oh fuck! No one is using bitcoins anymore! Sell! Sell!"
Just watch those other currencies, at the moment things look bleek for bitcoin from my perspective, but VERY good for cryptocurrencies in general. Its yet to be determined which will arrive at being stable and trusted.
@_date: 2013-11-30 04:00:27
No, whats central is the hoarding. Its very simple. If there are 100 total bitcoins, and I have 2, and I spent 1, then immediately buy 1 it will be at a higher price than the 1 I just spent (in general). Every time you spend and rebuy a bitcoin it becomes more scarce due to increasing demand overwhelming supply. This increasing scarcity drives prices higher which incentivizes people not to spend but rather to hoard. This will eventually cause short-term users of bitcoins to flee to other cryptocurrencies that aren't deflationary by design thus destroying the dreams of long-term users of bitcoins who have been hoarding and creating a panic in the market.