@_author: awesomeevan
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:11:53
Interesting. Would they ban for transfers to Bittrex and Binance? This is literally the only reason I can think of why something similar happened to me, minus the withdrawal issue. The only other explanation is a bug in their system (see my previous comment for info)
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:00:25
Same thing happened me. Only had my account a few days, logged into the iOS application and noticed my country of residence was listed as "Sealand" despite registering with a California ID. They banned me immediately when I corrected it.
I'm 99% sure it was a bug in their system. Others have been banned without reason too.
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:08:16
Coinbase is the reason. They did similar to me too. I was able to withdraw, but they wouldn't even talk to me about what the hell was going on or why they did it.
All I did was buy some crypto and transfer to wallets. See my other comment for an explanation of what I believe happened - a bug in their system.
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:02:09
Same thing happened me. Only had my account a few days, logged into the iOS application and noticed my country of residence was listed as "Sealand" despite registering with a California ID. They banned me immediately when I corrected it.
I'm 99% sure it was a bug in their system. Others have been banned without reason too.
Sorry OP. Just so you know I was able to withdraw my funds fine, so I bet this is yet another PoS bug or something. Use Gemini and never look back.
Edit: *listed"
Edit: Not sure why telling my story is getting downvoted. If you've had no issues with Coinbase that's great, but it's worth sharing these stories since they seem somewhat common. Sure, some people probably did illegal shit and deserve it but there seem to be real cases  where it's not clear what happened.
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:48:34
If it's an SAR yeah, but if it's just a violation of "our terms of service" as said then they could do better.
We're they a more mature institution they'd say "hey something looks wrong with your account details, fix it or we'll close the account" before going nuclear. At least with small time accounts like mine was haha. If it's an account with significant funds then it's more serious of course.