@_author: awesomeperson451
@_date: 2013-10-20 20:48:43
I've thought about that attack before, and while it is an attractive one considering the only thing limiting you from doing it successfully is processing power and luck, there is one major problem: Fortunately (or unfortunately... it depends on what shade hat you're wearing), the very thing that made the devs think that restricting address generation is unnecessary is the very thing that's keeping you, or me, or some other evil mastermind from making it necessary.
Here, I'll prove it. WITH MATH!!
As long as Bitcoin is using RIPEMD, which could easily be changed to a more secure version using an additional step of SHA-256 if need be, there will always be 2^160 different possible addresses. Now, assuming that there are currently 1 billion addresses with a nonzero balance, which is extremely generous, the odds of randomly picking an address with money in it falls to 1 in 2^(160 - (ln(1000000000)^/ln(2))) = about 1 in 2^130 .
Now, let's assume you were a crypto/programming/hardware hacking genius and were able to adapt/invent and program an ASIC to generate addresses about as efficiently as today's ASICs can run hashes. For simplicity's sake, let's also assume that the overhead required to keep track of those addresses are negligible because, say, it was handled entirely by your imaginary friend, or Google, or a server rack you stole off of a crashed alien spacecraft before the black helicopters could get there, or something else insane. Let's also assume that you somehow convinced a bored billionaire to buy you a factory capable of producing your ASIC of choice by the truckload, and that you were able to build a rig capable of generating addresses at a rate equal to the total network hashing rate a year in the future. 
Now, let's calculate a ballpark estimate of how long it would take you to find an account with money in it:
The current weekly averaged hash rate is about 2.5 * 10^15 . The average rate of increase of said rate, per month is about 100%, or rate * 2. That means that the network hash rate in a year will be roughly 2.5 * 10^15 * 2^12 . If we make the calculation easier to understand by expressing everything as a power of 2, this is equal to 
2^12+(ln(2.5*10^15 ^)/ln(2)) , or about 2^63 . 
Divide that into 2^130 and you get 2^67 . In decimal, that is the same as 147573952589676412928. WolframAlpha says that number is about equal to 1.5 * the lower estimate of the number of grains of sand on the earth. "But how much time is that?", you may be wondering. Well, if you do a bit of unit cancellation, and divide that number by 60 seconds per minute, then 60 minutes per hour, then 24 hours per day, then 365.25 days per year, you get 147573952589676412928/31557600, or about 467,633,636,872.5 years. 
Even with all those ridiculous circumstances, it would take you about 50 times the age of the universe to find even one address with lootable money in it. So, yeah, you should probably either start doing some normal "responsible adult" things instead like some other folks will suggest, or do what I did and start looking into other, even crazier, ways to game the system. Right now I'm trying to reverse engineer SHA-256. The good news is that the half I understand seems really simple. The bad news is that most of the documentation on the other half seems to be written in a lost alien language, and everything else in a dialect of Crypto-nerd so dense, it's literally, and ironically, indecipherable.
@_date: 2013-07-08 14:27:58
I think that we can probably forgive the author of the letter for this grammar flaw, seeing as how we've taken this to such a ridiculous level of  grammar correction inception. 
@_date: 2013-07-12 07:47:09
Holy shit, really? I hadn't checked all day until I read that. When it was at it's lowest like 5 days ago, I thought it would go up a bit after a week or so. But only by a little- like $10 more was the most I thought it would increase.
Luckily, because I'm broke, I needed the money, and because *I live on the edge* (like the nerdiest type of adrenaline junkie), I bought one right when they hit 68. Barring the kind of price drop that is so synonymous with the name "Bitcoin", this may be the best bitcoin investment I've ever made. Hell, the best return I've ever gotten was around %15... Now, it's hovering around %46. Today was awesome.
@_date: 2013-11-17 16:54:30
I lost 1.3 bitcoins to a scammer about 3 months ago. I'm not going to elaborate any more on that, because if I did, it'd be the stupidest thing I'd have admitted to doing, and I'd be embarrassed by how retarded Reddit would think I am.
Remembering an experience like that at a time like this really makes me glad that the price was significantly lower back then... which brings up an interesting point. Sure, we may all regret the times when we sold too early, that we lost faith and gave in to our shortsighted goals. But why? Really, the only regret we have is that we lost out on an opportunity to make some money. To have more than we have now. We completely forget that we have, in fact lost nothing.
There is a fallacy that we all subscribe to, the fallacy that losing the money we theoretically could have made is just as bad as losing the money we have right now. It's like comparing apples to imaginary oranges. The reality is, you haven't lost anything, and, unless you, beyond the shadow of a doubt, knew what was going to happen in the future, there's no reason to feel regret about missing opportunities because of a rational decision you made in the past based upon your current circumstances. 
I want you to imagine something. Imagine you're back in the past, back when you made that decision you regret. Imagine that you know nothing about the future and you only know what you did back then. I want you to imagine that everything is the same, except that the one thing about yourself that you blame for that decision is gone. Perhaps you wish that only if you were smarter, you wouldn't have sold. Perhaps if only you were less stressed, you wouldn't have bought right before the bubble popped. Imagine that personal fault was gone. Now, imagine you had to make that decision again. Can you honestly say that you wouldn't do the exact same thing you did back then? 
You can't blame yourself for making a smart decision, because, although smart decisions can sometimes turn out to be the wrong choice, the fact that you make smart decisions is the only reason you have any money at all; if you always make risky decisions, you could make a lot of money, but you'll probably lose it all. 
**TL;DR: Regretting the fact that you sold when all your instincts were telling you to sell is kinda like regretting the time you chose not to bet your life savings on the horse with a broken leg, then saw him win the very next race.**