@_author: aylorian
@_date: 2014-02-13 02:50:08
Remember when Bitcoin caused a global financial meltdown resulting in the largest US recession since 1929 and massive government bailout leading to record national debt levels that will probably never be repaid? Me neither.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:28:42
Bills to pay in USD so I convert most instantly at the time of receipt of payment. However, let's imagine I didn't. If I had held on to every Bitcoin I received over the last 3 years I'd say I'd be doing pretty ok wouldn't you?
 
Unlike you I am not an accountant, but I *think* that an increase from a range of 5-200 up to 1000 followed by a 30% drop is still a net gain? 
@_date: 2014-02-06 03:06:43
Screw Apple, I've bought my last Apple product. It really is tragic to see what this company has become. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 02:45:53
Getting people interested in buying a few bitcoin isn't nearly as hard as getting them interested enough to go through all the hurdles it takes to actually get one of these things. That's the biggest hurdle to this really going mainstream IMHO, unless you're considering them an investment, as a buyer there's simply no incentive to bother.
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:03:43
Ironic that text MUDs are way ahead of state of the art MMOs in this. Several MUDs including Aardwolf already accept Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-24 03:07:03
As a merchant of virtual goods I'd love to give that 3% back to my users to encourage Bitcoin usage - the "no charge backs" alone is worth it.
The problem is for my average user who doesn't care about BTC, it's so much hassle to acquire any. They have to provide their banking details to a company they've probably never heard of that is not regulated as a financial institution and either send wires or wait (Coinbase) until they have built up enough "trust".
My fear is that they don't want to use fiat anymore because they're not getting the best deal but acquiring BTC is so much hassle they just kind of procrastinate and do neither.
@_date: 2014-02-07 15:16:29
Understood. Was hoping there would be some difference between "charge back from a new user" and "charge back from a user with years of history of similar amounts". 
Wouldn't expect anything different from Paypal, not really their fault, bank makes the decision and Paypal has to go with it. 
It's the system that sucks for the seller and we need a better system with *seller* protection. Bitcoin is it. Once you decide you trust me as a seller then you give up your credit card "protection" for a bonus. 
The credit card companies have bigger merchants locked up in contracts but the smaller guys only using Paypal can already do this ... if we can only make it easier for new users to acquire Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:48:50
As a newbie to Bitcoin (and a newbie to Reddit) this would make me avoid Kraken. I got into Bitcoin because users of my site asked me to accept it and from a merchant point of view it was a no brainer. 
From a buyer perspective, purcashing Bitcoin is quite difficult and I just can't see why I'd go through the hassle of doing it other than for speculative reasons or unless merchants start to pass on some of those 'reduced transaction costs' as an incentive to buyers. 
To buy Bitcoin I have to either find someone I know to sell me some, meet someone local or trust my bank / credit card info to companies I've never heard of, quite often in places I can't even point to on a map. I also have no real legal recourse if the BTC gets stolen. 
I'm using Coinbase right now but Kraken were / on my short list. I don't really care about typo-squatting specifically but this sends a message to me that Kraken has questionable ethics. I sure as hell won't be trusting them with any financial data. Hopefully MTGox are familiar with the UDRP process, no need for a lawyer or a trial.
Sorry if this "flames" anyone, just a perspective from someone new to Bitcoin that wants to own more of it enough to jump through the hoops, but as "just a buyer" doesn't need the hassle.
@_date: 2014-02-06 17:48:52
Interesting comments, seems pretty evenly mixed between giving Apple the benefit of the doubt over "regulatory concerns" and the more sinister " because Apple sees Bitcoin as competition".
Whichever side of that fence you're on it's clear Apple has gone from being a rebel against the establishment to "the establishment". 