@_author: ayn-rand
@_date: 2016-04-17 23:15:05
The truth is not for all men but only for those who seek it.
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:45:20
Money is the barometer of a society’s virtue. 
When you see that trading is done, not by consent, but by compulsion–when you see that in order to produce, you need to obtain permission from men who produce nothing–when you see that money is flowing to those who deal, not in goods, but in favors–when you see that men get richer by graft and by pull than by work, and your laws don’t protect you against them, but protect them against you–when you see corruption being rewarded and honesty becoming a self-sacrifice–you may know that your society is doomed. ~~Gold~~[Bitcoin] is so noble a medium that it does not compete with guns and it does not make terms with brutality. It will not permit a country to survive as half-property, half-loot.
@_date: 2015-05-03 03:11:24
It is a grave error to suppose that a dictatorship rules a nation by means of strict, rigid laws which are obeyed and enforced with rigorous, military precision. Such a rule would be evil, but almost bearable; men could endure the harshest edicts, provided these edicts were known, specific and stable; it is not the known that breaks men’s spirits, but the unpredictable. A dictatorship has to be capricious; it has to rule by means of the unexpected, the incomprehensible, the wantonly irrational; it has to deal not in death, but in sudden death; a state of chronic uncertainty is what men are psychologically unable to bear.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:53:15
Why ask useless questions? How deep is the ocean? How high is the sky? Who is John Galt?
@_date: 2015-08-09 04:58:53
He stepped to the window and pointed to the skyscrapers of the city. He said that we had to extinguish the lights of the world, and *when we would see the lights of New York go out, we would know that our job was done*.
@_date: 2015-07-09 16:47:49
Power-lust is a weed that grows only in the vacant lots of an abandoned mind.
@_date: 2015-07-09 22:23:18
Let us start at the beginning: The process of thinking is the process of defining identity and discovering causal connections. The faculty that works by means of concepts, is: *reason*. The process is *thinking*.
The alternative to reason is some form of mysticism or skepticism. Every dictator is a mystic, and every mystic is a potential dictator.
Reason is the enemy he dreads and, simultaneously, considers precarious; reason, to him, is a means of deception; he *feels* that men possess some power more potent than reason—and only their causeless belief or their forced obedience can give him a sense of security, a proof that he has gained control of the mystic endowment he lacked. His lust is to command, not to convince: conviction requires an act of independence and rests on the absolute of an objective reality. What he seeks is power over reality and over men’s means of perceiving it, their mind, the power to interpose his will between existence and consciousness, as if, by agreeing to fake the reality he orders them to fake, men would, in fact, create it.
The secret of all their esoteric philosophies, of all their dialectics and super-senses, of their evasive eyes and snarling words, the secret for which they destroy civilization, language, industries and lives, the secret for which they pierce their own eyes and eardrums, grind out their senses, blank out their minds, the purpose for which they dissolve the absolutes of reason, logic, matter, existence, reality—is to erect upon that plastic fog a single holy absolute: their *Wish*.
@_date: 2015-07-09 17:02:33
If some men attempt to survive by means of brute force or fraud, by looting, robbing, cheating or enslaving the men who produce, it still remains true that their survival is made possible only by their victims, only by the men who choose to think and to produce the goods which they, the looters, are seizing. Such looters are parasites incapable of survival, who exist by destroying those who are capable, those who are pursuing a course of action proper to man.
The men who attempt to survive, not by means of reason, but by means of force, are attempting to survive by the method of animals. But just as animals would not be able to survive by attempting the method of plants, by rejecting locomotion and waiting for the soil to feed them—so men cannot survive by attempting the method of animals, by rejecting reason and counting on productive men to serve as their prey. Such looters may achieve their goals for the range of a moment, at the price of destruction: the destruction of their victims and their own. As evidence, I offer you any criminal or any dictatorship.
Force and mind are opposites.
A gun is not an argument.
@_date: 2015-07-06 00:09:28
Whenever destroyers appear among men, they start by destroying money, for money is men's protection and the base of a moral existence. Destroyers seize gold and leave to its owners a counterfeit pile of paper. This kills all objective standards and delivers men into the arbitrary power of an arbitrary setter of values. Gold was an objective value, an equivalent of wealth produced. Paper is a mortgage on wealth that does not exist, backed by a gun aimed at those who are expected to produce it. Paper is a check drawn by legal looters upon an account which is not theirs: upon the virtue of the victims.
@_date: 2012-08-08 01:58:03
We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
@_date: 2012-09-28 12:27:36
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
@_date: 2012-09-28 14:36:08
What I've always thought, was a sentence from some great philosopher... I don't unfortunately remember who it was that I read it at 16 and it's affected me all my life:
["I will not die. It's the world that will end."](
@_date: 2012-08-21 20:42:29
Watch money. Money is the barometer of society’s virtue. When you see that trading is done not by consent but by compulsion – when you see that in order to produce you need to obtain permission from men who produce nothing – when you see that money is flowing to those who deal not in goods but in favors – when you see that men get rich more easily by graft than by work, and your laws no longer protect you against them, but protect them against you – when you see corruption being rewarded and honesty becoming a self-sacrifice – then you will know that your society is doomed. ~~Gold~~ Bitcoin is so noble a medium that it does not compete with guns and does not make terms with brutality. It will not permit a country to survive as half property, half loot.”
@_date: 2015-04-04 12:40:08
It is a grave error to suppose that a dictatorship rules a nation by means of strict, rigid laws which are obeyed and enforced with rigorous, military precision. Such a rule would be evil, but almost bearable; men could endure the harshest edicts, provided these edicts were known, specific and stable; it is not the known that breaks men’s spirits, but the unpredictable. A dictatorship has to be capricious; it has to rule by means of the unexpected, the incomprehensible, the wantonly irrational; it has to deal not in death, but in sudden death; a state of chronic uncertainty is what men are psychologically unable to bear.
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:08:12
A viler evil than to murder a man, is to sell him suicide as an act of virtue.
@_date: 2015-03-15 00:28:14
Money is the barometer of a society’s virtue. 
When you see that trading is done, not by consent, but by compulsion–when you see that in order to produce, you need to obtain permission from men who produce nothing–when you see that money is flowing to those who deal, not in goods, but in favors–when you see that men get richer by graft and by pull than by work, and your laws don’t protect you against them, but protect them against you–when you see corruption being rewarded and honesty becoming a self-sacrifice–you may know that your society is doomed. ~~Gold~~Bitcoin is so noble a medium that it does not compete with guns and it does not make terms with brutality. It will not permit a country to survive as half-property, half-loot.
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:54:28
Money is the barometer of society's virtue.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:00:09
Who is John Galt?
@_date: 2013-09-19 01:05:41
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.
@_date: 2013-03-20 01:43:14
The truth is not for all men - only those who seek it.
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:46:37
Everyone has the right to make his own decisions, but none has the right to force his decision on others.
@_date: 2013-07-08 05:07:15
For centuries, the battle of morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbors - between those who preached that the good is self-sacrifice for the sake of ghosts in heaven and those who preached that the good is self-sacrifice for the sake of incompetents on earth. And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.
@_date: 2013-05-06 02:38:55
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.
@_date: 2013-03-29 13:20:23
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
@_date: 2013-01-26 17:01:11
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:34:54
The man who refuses to judge, who neither agrees nor disagrees, who declares that there are no absolutes and believes that he escapes responsibility, is the man responsible for all the blood that is now spilled in the world. Reality is an absolute, existence is an absolute, a speck of dust is an absolute and so is a human life. Whether you live or die is an absolute. Whether you have a piece of bread or not, is an absolute. Whether you eat your bread or see it vanish into a looter's stomach, is an absolute.
There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil. The man who is wrong still retains some respect for truth, if only by accepting the responsibility of choice. But the man in the middle is the knave who blanks out the truth in order to pretend that no choice or values exist, who is willing to sit out the course of any battle, willing to cash in on the blood of the innocent or to crawl on his belly to the guilty, who dispenses justice by condemning both the robber and the robbed to jail, who solves conflicts by ordering the thinker and the fool to meet each other halfway. In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit. In that transfusion of blood which drains the good to feed the evil, the compromise is the transmitting rubber tube.
@_date: 2013-05-28 20:39:42
Money is the barometer of society’s virtue. When you see that trading is done not by consent but by compulsion – when you see that in order to produce you need to obtain permission from men who produce nothing – when you see that money is flowing to those who deal not in goods but in favors – when you see that men get rich more easily by graft than by work, and *your laws no longer protect you against them, but protect them against you* – when you see corruption being rewarded and honesty becoming a self-sacrifice – then you will know that your society is doomed.